user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,298900,32404865,Posted: 13 June,all,Cairo Overcoat,"This game has potential, really, it does. But it has so many design flaws for a co-op survival shooter.First and foremost, the Apothecary (aka the Medic) is absolutley necessary for success. The Medic is literally the only way to heal in the game. This is an enormous problem because if it's you and 3 friends, someone is reserved to playing the healer. This wouldnt be so bad but the medic only has TWO WEAPONS, so even then playing Medic gets really boring really fast for the player.This leads to the second problem, multiplayer has no bots. Compare this to Payday 2, Left 4 Dead, or Vermintide where a party short of 4 people will have bots that at least add SOME aid to the group. As it stands if it's just you and a buddy, one of you MUST play healer and the other either Heavy or Librarian or you will fail quickly.Lastly, what the hell is up with the level up system? If you start a new game with a friend and pick a random level to play on, you all start at level one. Any progress, weapons, or abilities earned in previous games are not saved and you start from scratch. This would not be a huge issue if some abilities necessary to success were not level gated. You cant even heal YOURSELF as the medic until level 2!This games multiplayer needs a huge revamp. Class rebalancing needs a huge amount of work. Medic is way too necessary and some classes like the melee Assault are beyond pointless, couple that with a level up system that offers no sense of progression between sessions and you get frustrated players that simply dont want to bother.Is this a good game? I think so, but the devs really need to sit down and look at the multiplayer and fix it before I can honestly give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,298900,28438452,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rex MI,"This recommendation comes with some heavy caveats.The core of Deathwing, converting the Space Hulk tabletop into an FPS and conveying the feeling of the setting is excellent. The tone and atmosphere are pitch perfect and it's incredibly immersive. I thoroughly enjoyed the campaign and it is for this reason that I'm recommending it. However, there are some glaring issues that absolutely have to be taken into account. I'll start with some positives (I've not touched co-op yet so this is all for the campaign).I don't think anyone could possibly argue that Deathwing isn't visually stunning. The level of detail on display and the care that has gone into Deathwing's environments are genuinely second to none. This is especially important given that Space Hulk is essentially about fighting in endless, narrow corridors. The devs obviously care greatly about the source material, it really does do the world of 40k justice.Along with the visuals, Deathwing has fantastic sound, atmosphere and 'feel'. The interiors of the Space Hulk creak and groan as you move through them with clanking, booming footsteps. You'll often hear the Genestealers before you see them, skittering through unseen vents. Piloting your Terminator armour feels fantastic, you're lumbering but not sluggish. You're powerful, but a Broodlord will tear you open like a tin can.The array of weapons on offer is impressive, three kinds of Bolter, two kinds of Assault Cannon, two kinds of Plasma Cannon, a Flamer and an array of brutal melee options. Some selections are more specialised than others, but no weapon is over obsoleted. They're all usable from start to finish. I was dissapointed to find that the preorder 'Mace of Corswain' had the exact same stats as the Power Fist. In hindsight, that's a positive. Nobody wants the most powerful gear behind a paywall. Every weapon feels suitably powerful and has the sounds to match.A squad based game lives or dies on the strength of it's AI. Your squad mates in Deathwing aren't the brightest bunch but at no point did I find them to be frustrating or a nuisance. They're pretty good at just getting on with the killing and they try to position themselves well without your intervention. When they are given orders, they react immediately which is a godsend when heals are needed. Where they really shine is when you give them melee weapons. A full melee squad will absolutely brutalise the biggest, most heavily armoured Genestealers in two seconds flat. Just be warned, your Apothecary actually needs to have his Narthecium equipped on the off-hand to perform heals.Now for the not so great.The impressive visuals? They don't run very well and it's exacerbated by hordes of AI driven enemies. At no point did I find the game to be unplayable, but it wasn't rare to be sat at <20 frames in the thick of a horde. The game desperately needs some optimisation passes. If you have a multi-GPU setup, be aware that UE4 currently only supports single GPU and the game will only run on your first card. Thankfully, I haven't had any crashes or problems related to alt+tab.The immersive sound? Well it crackles and pops, not to an unlistenable point but it's noticably there. I have a feeling this is related to CPU performance but I can't prove it. Again, updates needed. [EDIT: Fixed as of v1.06]Progression. Throughout the campaign you'll not only unlock new weapons, you gain new cosmetic armour pieces, relics, and skills. This is great until you finish the game and realise there's no new game+ and no way to replay previous chapters with your unlocks. There are also only enough skill points on offer to max out one of the three skill trees. This to me feels like a huge glaring mistake, like there was either supposed to be NG+ or the skill trees were added at the last minute with no thought given to if you could actually unlock them or not. You even gain your last armour piece on the final mission, which means you'll never even see it on your character. The game would benefit massively from an NG+ update, it's clearly supposed to be there already.Bugs. Hacking turrets is something you do farily frequently in the first half of the game, but doing so would reset my loadout 100% of the time. I ended up avoiding this and just deactivating them instead, just to stop suddenly reappearing with a Bolter & Force Sword when I had been using an Assault Cannon [EDIT: Fixed as of v1.06]. Ordering the Apothecary to heal anyone on the team turned every command hotkey into a 'heal' order, except for 'follow'. Which means I can use hotkeys to command my Terminators until someone is healed, at which point I'm forced to use the slower, finicky radial order menu. Stupid things like this just shouldn't be happening past version 1.0. Patch needed.I also figured out why some easy achievements are astronomically rare, they don't trigger when you complete them. It's this kind of stupid mistake that holds Deathwing back from true greatness and it's a real shame, there's a diamond in the rough here. The right kind of post-launch support could make a world of difference but it has to be happen quickly and transparently, the crucial sales window is closing and the community is unhappy.TL;DR:Pros:- core gameplay is spot-on- looks, sounds and feels amazing- solid campaign length for price (~10hrs) + co-op- true to 40k lore & atmosphere- captures the feel and mechanics of Space Hulk tabletop- potential to be the best 40k singleplayer experienceCons:- performance is lacking- progression designed for NG+ without NG+- amateurish bugs in final release- numerous spelling mistakes present in-game and out"
76561197983303507,Recommended,298900,31286310,Posted: 21 April,all,WackyModder84,"Okay, before I begin, I just gotta say this right now and get this off my chest:This game has recieved quite possibly The Largest Amount of Undeserved Hate I have EVER SEEN a W40k Game get in my entire life. I get that enjoyment is subjective, but some of the criticisms this game has been getting are Absolutely Ridiculous.Okay, so the game had Performance / Optimization issues at launch. That was THEN, and this is NOW. Those issues were pretty much fixed, for the most part. Ever since the latest patch, the optimization for this game has been DRAMATICALLY IMPROVED. If I had to recommend you guys the best settings to have the Best Graphics AND Performance at the same time, then I would recommend maxing out the graphics w/ the exception of 3 things:- Motion Blur = OFF- Post-Processing = LOW- Headbobbing = LOWDoing this helps IMMENSELY with both Performance AND Graphics. Post-Processing adds this muddy grainy effect that looks terrible and cuts your FPS in half. Trust me. You don't want it. Motion Blur has NO RIGHT being in Video Games, and Deathwing is no exception. Turn that sh*t off IMMEDIATELY. And setting Headbobbing to Low makes perfect sense, since in real life, your eyes automatically adjust to your movements. So not only does this improve FPS, it also makes the game more realistic as well.I'm also using these Launch Settings, and FPS appears to be more stable:-NOTEXTURESTREAMING -USEALLAVAILABLECORES -LANPLAYMaybe try them out? See how they work.People try to say this game gets repetitive? Okay, then lemme ask you this: If that's the case, why aren't people giving Left 4 Dead the same criticism? Because guess what? This game's style of gameplay is literally EXACTLY THE SAME as L4D. They could've called this game ""Left 4 Dead 40,000: Deathwing"" and the title wouldn't be misleading in the slightest bit. It's a 4-Man Co-Op Based Linear FPS where you need to reach certain points on the map and do certain objectives there. Psygates are the Deathwing Equivalent to Safe Rooms in L4D. And in the Psygates, you can change up your weapon loadouts and restock up on supplies as well. Again, just like Safe Rooms in L4D.There is a pretty decent variety of Tyranids that attack you in this game:- Genestealers- Genestealer Cultists (Include: Heavy Stubbers, Missile Launchers, & Psykers)- Warrior-Strains- Stalker-Strains- Scythe-Strains- Broodlords- Unknown-StrainsYet again, just like the variety of different Zombies that attack you in Left 4 Dead:- Normal Zombies- Hunters- Spitters- Jockeys- Smokers- Tanks- Witches- Chargers- BoomersOntop of that, both games have segments towards the end of a level where you have to defend and hold an area for a specific amount of time against endless amounts of enemies; including special enemies that appear as well. Yet another thing Deathwing got from L4D.Overall, there are MORE THAN ENOUGH Parallels between the two games to show that Deathwing was DEFINITELY inspired by Left 4 Dead's Style of Gameplay. And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that at all. So if you criticize this game for being ""repetitive"", and yet you give Left 4 Dead a pass for it? That's double standards right there. Although if you critcize both games for the same reasons, then that's totally fine. This type of gameplay style isn't gonna appeal to everyone, and that's perfectly acceptable.Another thing that this game did amazingly well is the AI for the Tyranids. They behave EXACTLY as you'd expect Tyranids to behave. They are legit terrifying in this game. They swarm you in huge numbers from all sides. Crawl on the Walls / Ceiling / Floor.  Lunging at you from a distance once they get in range to do so. Stalkers sneak up on you and flank you when you're not looking; while also jamming your radar at the same time. Hopping left and right to dodge your shots. Etc... This game nails the feeling of fighting Tyranids in First-Person Perspective PERFECTLY. The main criticism I have with the AI is your Partner AI's in Single Player Campaign. While their AI isn't BAD, it's FAR from perfect, and they do have some derp moments from time to time. But thankfully, if any of them die, and you have spare Psygates, just go thru one and come back out again, and they'll be back by your side. So that's always a good thing to have, just incase. But if you want my opinion, playing this game with friends makes it that much more fun. Especially on the higher difficulty levels, where it can get REALLY intense!The environments in this game are STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL. They hit the nail right on the head with the environments in this game being accurate to the lore. The Dark and Gloomy Lighting make the atmosphere that much more sinister. The scenery is fantastic as well. Some environments are also destructable in certain cases as well. If a door is jammed and you can't get it open, some doors allow you to bust them open with a melee attack if the door is thin enough. There are also pipes that if you shoot them, they leak fire and burn anything that touches the flames. This can come in serious handy if you have a swarm on your tail and time it right as they come by the pipe. There are also hackable sentry guns that are both an advantage AND a threat; depending on who activates them. You can hack into them and assume remote control of them, giving you the ability to take the enemy by surprise. But the downside to doing this is that you're vulnerable to attack, and your allies will have to cover you while you're doing this. If you think the turret is gonna be too much of a threat, you have the option to destroy it / disable it as you see fit instead of controlling it remotely. There's also a progression system where you can upgrade you and your squad mades by unlocking new abilities, weapons, and buffs for them too. And lemme tell you, those upgrades help out BIG TIME. So definitely shoot for them whenever you're able to. You're gonna need them.Another thing that I find the most impressive about this game is the HUD and UI. This game's HUD and UI is some of the most immersive I've ever seen in an FPS game before. You literally feel like you're in a suit of Terminator Armor with this game. When you zoom in with your weapon, you don't zoom in with a scope on your weapon. You use your Occular Sights that Terminators have, and it makes it that much more immersive. When you look around in your armor, you can see the Head Area of your Terminator Armor. Some people claim that you walking slowly and not having the ability to jump is stupid, but lemme ask you this: When the hell have you ever seen a Terminator JUMP with a suit of armor THAT HEAVY & BULKY? And DON'T YOU DARE even think about bringing up Gabriel Angelos in Dawn of War 3 either, because everyone and their mother has called BS on that crap; and righfully so. Terminators not having the ability to jump and to walk slowly when not sprinting makes 100% Perfect Sense due to how huge, heavy, and bulky Terminator Armor IS.The fact that some people SERIOUSLY complained about this tells me one of two things.Either:a.) These people are just plain stupid.b.) They knew absolutely nothing about W40k itself before playing this game.Now if I had to have ONE MAJOR CRITCISM of this game, at least as of this review, it would be the LOAD TIMES. This is something that Absolutely Needs to be Fixed. When I start up this game, it can sometimes take up to at least ONE MINUTE to load the game up. I noticed this mainly happens on the First Load of the game. Like, if you were to exit the game and load it up again, the load times would be MUCH better afterwards. But on that 1st load, it's quite annoying. That still needs to be fixed up, as I'm not the only one having this problem.Overall:Is this game perfect? NO.Is this game Terrible? ABSOLUTELY NOT.Is this game worth your money for W40k & Left 4 Dead Fans? HELL YEAH.If you're a fan of Left 4 Dead & W40k, I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game!"
76561197998464996,Recommended,298900,34530090,Posted: 27 August,all,Zohan,"It's pretty awesome now as of Aug 2017. Why?The looks and feel of 40k universe is definitely there since the beginning but the balance and gameplay wasn't quite there yet. Mission were too easy and genestealers were not terrifying at all.Now...now...the gameplay is miles better than when it first launched. The balance is just nice, when the genestealers swarm, the fights feel desperate and you will die. When they scream, you will look around in panic.I think the devs optimised it as well since it plays much smoother for me now. The number of genestealers spawning also seems much higher, It's like bam bam bam, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥there's more coming.I wish they had delayed released until they reached this point because now not many people know how awesome this game is now.Multiplayer is great as well, play it on higher difficulty level and it's a great experience. The devs did great by allowing people to drop in halfway. I can usually find a full squad during peak hours, non peak, i just start a game by myself and usually people drop in right quick as well. Turn on friendly fire and the game becomes much more tactical and your squad really needs to be on point or more often than not, you end up killing each other.Great job devs! keep up the good work. I bought the game at launch, played a the first few missions and then abandoned it, came back after the updates and finished the entire SP campaign in one sitting and now I want more!!"
,Recommended,298900,31868820,Posted: 20 May,all,El Quanjugono,"At time of this comment I have 18.4 hours of game time, single player only. Only started playing it several months after launch.Deathwing is a slow paced FPS that could probably be described as a sci-fi dungeon crawl. You take the role of a psyker (battle mage in space) wearing hulking power armor that makes you an 8 foot walking tank delving into large dungeon-like levels to reach objectives while swarms of aliens pop out of vents or holes in the floor to rush you. Very much like L4D, but without the speed and desperation.I like the atmosphere, environments, and graphics. I especially appreciate being able to change the key bindings! There's alot of keys, not all of them make sense so I like having all of my important actions bound to my extra mouse buttons or as close to the movement keys as possible, also learned really quickly to rebind the Psygate key to 6 after accidentally using up all of my psygates in one level.It feels pretty cool to shore up defenses in a hallway blocking doors forcing the enemy to attack you from a choke point while you unleash a rain of bullets quickly littering the space with corpses of aliens! On top of that this game does little things that make this really immersive! Shooting aliens visibly wounds them in fantastic ways! You can shoot the rocket launcher right out of a hybrid's arms, shoot a leg off a charging genestealer forcing it to crawl at you, dude, you can even shoot the FACE off a genestealer varient that has tentacles for a mouth! On top of that some hallways will be choked with fuel pipes that spout fire from bullet holes as you accidentally shoot them, and that fire actually burns aliens so it's more than just a visual detail!There are turrets located in the levels, but they're mostly useless. Despite being space marine turrets on space marine ships, for some reason they're programmed to fire on space marines only. You can hack them, but it's more of a chore than enjoyable. They're almost never placed anywhere advantageous and the only way to make them shoot aliens is to hack them, take control, and fire on pre-placed hybrids yourself through a really unpleasant POV using an aiming reticle that's set below and to the left of where the projectile actually lands. Enabling turrets means they're going to shoot you, no matter what, so the only useful action you can take is to just destroy them on sight.There are several different kinds of enemies, but it doesn't feel like there is a variety of enemies to fight. The majority attack the same way, some just happen to be tougher than others, or cloaked, or sometimes spit at you. There are no DRASTICALLY different enemies that force you to think on your toes and switch strategies on the fly. You're slow so your only real options are to shoot your problems with enough bullets and lightning bolts until the problem leaves. It's kind of a mixed bag for me because it's based on Space Hulk, which has no variety at all, which means this game has MORE variety than the source material. So on the one hand Thank You devs for knowing this is a video game and needs to have variety in order to be an enjoyable game, but it could always be better.Leveling up is tacked on. I get that unlocking skills and weapons is second nature to all games right now, but the level up system isn't finely crafted to enhance the way you want to play the game, because there's only one way to play the game (Walk into room, shoot aliens). So the level up system does less to enhance or change the experience and more to just lock features away.The sound design is quite good, however not all of the guns or spells have a satisfying enough 'Oomph' to really make them feel meaty and powerful! The plasma weapons, in particular, make really weak and unsatisfying 'pew pew' noises that takes away from the experience of punching a door in and blowing 5 tyranids into plasma covered pieces. A weapon that smites my enemies like the holy wrath of God should not make me go 'meh' after shooting it!The plot is servicable, it has no purpose but to get the game moving. The lack of heroics or intrigue is slightly disheartening, but, knowing where the source material comes from (by that I mean the boardgame itself) I was not expecting anything grand to begin with.Commanding the squad is a clunky and non-responsive. The rotary menu has no place in a PC game and is really difficult to use! You're committed to an order when you open it up, you can't just drag a mouse to point and click what you need with promptness and accuracy, nor does it slow down or stop the game to allow you to navigate its unresponsiveness. And it's the only way to tell your apothecary to heal your support guy while he's power fisting an irate Broodlord. Let me tell you, accidentally ordering yourself to be healed while your support bravely limps on is very frustrating.No manual save! That's an issue! Especially since this game has long load times and bugs present! The auto save happens whenever it wants to so if something goes wrong and you need to reload the game, you're going back to the beginning. And the long load times will make you despise failing or not fully completing a level.Still some bugs left. There's the normal AI getting stuck in places and an amusing, but not game breaking moment when the ceiling and some walls didn't load at all, opening that section of the ship into a dark cold void of perpetual nothingness! But the most common bug I've experienced involves the relics. Each level has (somewhat hidden) relics to find. I don't know what these do, but they frequently fail to load in the levels. I went through a map several times without finding a relic, restarted, and suddenly found relics in places they were not at before! I thought maybe relic locations were randomly generated, which sounded cool except I still kept finishing levels while unable to locate all the relics. I whimped out and started consulting a guide on relic locations and have reloaded the same level 5 times trying to get those things! Since ammo, health, or power up pickups are not a thing in this game nor any secret locations and enemies to fight, the relics are the only reason players have to explore the levels and appreciate the architecture.UPDATE 6/15, patch 6: Have been playing multiplayer. One glitch I keep getting that my friends have also experience is my weapon will shoot without spending ammo while on the host's/server's side I'll be doing nothing. On most missions a quick fix would be to hit ""I"" (inventory button) and switch weapons, but there was also an instance where I couldn't access inventory at all. It's a shame, I enjoyed multiplayer.There's alot to be said about it though. Some of the classes play great, others don't feel quite there yet, cooldown times are unforgiving, and progression feels off. If you do not play with Codex Rules (which has all skills and weapons unlocked, no switching classes, and limited respawns) you have to level up to get skills and weapons. It's kind of fast unless you're playing with heavies who soak up all the kills and XP, but your level progression doesn't carry over to the next mission (kind of). After the 4th or 5th mission we were starting at level 2 and 3, but I don't know if it was because we played the game for 5 hours or else."
76561197961785512,Not Recommended,298900,30014362,Posted: 18 February,all,Roknar,"TL;DR: It makes for an exceptional 40k interactive ARTWORK, which would be fine, except it also a tries to be a (pretty bad) VIDEOGAME.**PATCH UPDATE.**The latest patch (patch 4) fixed quite a few technical issues, including some very irritating bugs. Still, my main issues with the game remain unchanged. But it's always nice to see a dev put some work into improving their game.I'm a 40k fan and even gave the deathwatch mobile port a positive rating (with a caveat), but this is actually worse. It dissapoints on pretty much every front. Including some gamebreaking bugs (or at least that force you to restart a mission).First off, the multiplayer is a joke. No progression and no relics or story despite the fact you are going though the single player campaign, only now with friends. You have to unlock your gear every map anew, but that's not all. The single player has a (pretty mediocre) skill tree that is entirely absent in multiplayer. You can't hack turrets either despite getting boni for that.Of course, that's not missing much. Considering the turrets are pretty much pointless in single player. Not only aren't they friendly (even after hacking), they also die to like 2 bullets from enemies. Relics are pointless too. They give you some extra willpower even though you don't actually have any stats, so god only knows what that does and they don't have any lore description either. Which is extra dissapointing, since the lore of the hulk is explained by reading logs. Except there aren't nearly enough (some are in binary...) and the relics you find are nothing but eye-candy wihtout a description.On top of that, you don't get to use any of the relics. Nor would you want to since the only weapons that effectively exist are the storm bolter and force sword/axe. The basic storm bolter is the only way to get cooldown reduction on your psychic powers (and you are forced into being a librarian except for MP). Said powers also oneshot every mob in the game. The only mob that doesn't die immediately is the broodlord and even those sometimes trip and die instantly for some reason. So all the other weapsons are basically for show.  (in MP you also don't get to choose your powers...)The same is true for the AI. The healer is basically a must and that forces him into a storm bolter too. The heavy support is just too derpy with the support weapons so you give him lightning claws first and a thunderhammer once you unlock that. So you run around with basically the same setup from the first mission to the last.And the story is pretty boring too. Essentially, go in, extract geneseed, blow the place up. At one point you find out thatthere is a fallen angel on board. Which makes the whole situation suddenly interesting, but that pretty much immediately becomes nothing but a foot note.Really the only reason I can see for somebody to buy this, is as an art asset repository for people who want to make 40k terrain/dioaramas. They really nailed the 40k aesthetic. Watch the trailer with commentary again with that in mind and you'll notice they succeeded with their vision. It's too bad the game part fell by the wayside.Although, you don't get to explore as much as you'd like with infinitely spawning mobs and a really really annoying screenshake that happens virtually all the time. Not to mention derpy Ai support that get's you killed while you're staring at some scenery."
,Not Recommended,298900,29371790,Posted: 20 January,all,Eateroftheworld,"I gave them time to bring in ANY patches that would fix the massive problems affecting this game, and they haven't so I'm not holding back. I was looking foward to this game above all others this year, and was hoping that they would finally make a good 40k game....... And I was completely crushed. This game is nowhere near finished and as such abounds in glitches and bugs, the main ones are the very same that crippled its beta. Its painfully obvious that the developers never bothered to test the game or even finish making it.1. Massive frame rate drops when anything happens that cannot be fixed with any setting changes2. Animation flare from weapons makes it almost impossible to see what is happening or even aim at all3. The hit box on objects is so large that most of the time you cannot shoot around objects or allies (which is idiotic when you find out that there is friendly fire)4. Weapons and powers are underpowered insanley innacurate and sound stupid5. Melee is very underwhelming and boring and very underpowered6. Enemy AI is nonexistant and they just conga line into you7. The ""story"" is just multiplayer with a slapdash crap story that is so annoying I had to stop playing it8. The game will still crash at random times for no discernable reason9. Multiplayer is very buggy and crashes frequently10. Multiplayer is already dead, even at peak play times during the day there are less than 10 servers open and of those servers less than half can boast even 3/4 playersI cannot in good conscience recomment this game to anyone DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Honestly even if this game goes on sale I would advise people to stay away until the developers have brought in some serious patches and/or its 80-90% off.I'm just so disappointed with what has happened with this game, it has been another addition to the long list of 40k games that are totaly money grab on a massive and devoted fan base, and I was one of them."
,Recommended,298900,32389780,Posted: 13 June,all,FLESHPOPSICLE,"This game got a lot of quite honestly well deserved flak from the community on launch. Rather than abandoning the game and walking away, the devs have been pushing performance/bug fix patches and content updates and steadily improving the quality of the game. Most of the issues I would have left a negative review for at launch are gone, and what we are left with is a very nice 40K take on the co-op horde/survival and dungeon crawler genres.GOOD-Excellent atmosphere, level design feels very true to lore-Satisfying weapon sounds and design-Walking around in a Terminator feels about as huge and stompy as you'd expect-Lots of tense moments as hordes of Tyranids threaten to overwhelm you-Devs are still hard at work improving the gameMEH-You take much more damage from things than you should as a Terminator. This is of course a lore vs. balance issue, a game where you are an immortal would stop being fun early on but sometimes it's frustrating to get plinked to death by autoguns.-There is a sprint/stamina mechanic. This is also a lore vs. balance issue as the levels are massive and the walking speed feels very right, but keeping the walking pace throughout the huge levels would put me to sleep.-Difficulty seems to be simply changing numbers on how much damage enemies can deal/take rather than improved AI. This is pretty standard and to be expected in most titles, but sometimes it's frustrating to play a 40K game and have to swing your powerfist more than twice at the same enemy. Bullet sponges are somewhat immersion breaking. Again, lore vs. balance.BAD-Lots of bugs and performance issues, even though the Devs are hard at work cleaning them up-Singleplayer AI is atrocious-UI is unintuitive and dated-Loading times are unusually long for a game like thisOverall, despite the negatives and the lore issues if you're a fan of the setting or just want to kill big bugs with big guns in a big suit of armor, this game is worth looking at."
,Recommended,298900,33676853,Posted: 20 July,all,sisyphos,"Although this game was released in an unstable state, since then it has received MASSIVE ammount of good patches that improve the gameplay and the content. If it was released in the state it is now I believe it could have been a sleeper hit!The developers clearly care about the game and it's fanbase and they are improving it with good phase for the upcoming console version, while bringing all the same content in the patches for PC.Support this game please, it deserves it! The campaign with friends is good fun and even more now that it has received the love it needed."
76561197992523493,Not Recommended,298900,29654363,Posted: 2 February,all,Supremeghost,"I played this game about 24 Hours now, and I played the SP and the MP as well, and I must unfortunately admit, that it didn't passed my expectations.You can clearly see, that this game needed more time to develop, and was released far too early.The playerbase shrinked to a maximum of 100 - 200 players, only a handful of them plays the MP,and a game which really wants you to play with friends or allies is a death sentence.But lets start with the Single Player experience first.You get a storyline, packed in 9 levels, each level gives you a small ""open world"" which means, you can walk to the target in any way you want.Inside these levels are 4-6 Relics hidden, which you can collect as sort of a side mission.What purpose these collectables have is a mystery, exept giving you a pointless achievment in the end.Warhammer 40k Fans know (or probably should know), that the chapter of the Dark Angels are very secretive, and that they try to hold their informations inside their chapter and let no-one knows anything.Maybe that is the reason, why there are no informations on how, or why there are Dark Angels Artefacts hidden inside a level which takes place inside a Black Templars (another completely diffrent Space Marine Chapter) ship.Also so whole story just feels bland and quickly put together.Maybe you think, when you buy this game, that you get a nice story about betrayal and fallen Dark Angels, but there is none of it.You are just walking inside this Hulk, listening to small conversations and try to suck every bit of information from it, but you don't get a great deep storyline.If you read 40k or Horus Heresy novels, you know, that this universe is capable of telling good stories.But why on earth no developer (not Streum, not Relic nor Full Control) were capable on bringing a good story to life.But two things Streum made good, was athmosphere and sound.Space Hulk Deathwing is the first game, which really brought the Grim Dark Feeling of the 40k Universe perfectly to life.When you walk inside the hulk, your steps echoing through the empty corridors, while hearing a loud screaming, then you get a really good impression, on how 40k would look and sound like.The levels are incredibly detailed and every level has unique features and lookalikes, which is really breathtaking.When you enter the Dark Angels ship, buried inside the hulk, you really see the love of details hidden inside there.This is how a Dark Angels ship should look.Unfortunately these were the only two good things I found in the game.The story ended abruptly and didn't answer some questions coming up during the SP (How and why was there a fallen?)You just felt, how the Developer ran out of time and needed to get the storyline to an end, before release.Also was the AI during the SP terrible.Orders were ignored and complete fails when encounterd in melee; at least they could shoot accurately, but you always had to babysit your AI allies. I really wanted to feel safe, when they covered my back, but I always had to watch out that they don't die in a frantic melee attack from the genestealers.So I had to play on the lowest difficulty to at least see the end of the story.Then I headed to the MP, and there came, in my opinion, the greatest dissapointment.At that moment Streum Studios should have created a descent and modern MP-Mode which is refreshing and rewarding.What you get is a poorly port of the Singe Player experience without Relics, a Level Up system stuck in the early 2000's and Crash to Desktops, disconnects and loading times, which are just horrible.For a 2016 Game this is unbearable.They even cut out some of the weapons from the single player (Heavy Flamethrower anyone), and now they realize they should implement it later trhough patches; another no-go for me.I times of Battlefield and Call of Duty, where you get rewards for just standing there, you don't get ANYTHING rewarding when playing the MP of Space Hulk Deathwing; there is no point.Even the pointless Relics were removed from the MP, maybe the only reason why you should play it in the first place, because your AI-Allies always died and you need a smart human ally to collect all of them?Nope, just cut out.The game was promising, and if Streum Studios really care about the game, then they should redo the MP, fix the bugs and bring cheap or free content (new chapters, new weapons, new enemies, new maps, etc.), and this post haste, because at the moment the game is dying a slow and painful death.100 - 200 active players left after only 3 Months after release is a clear statement on how bad this game really is (for example DoW II: Retrivution still has 500 - 1000 active players left, and it was released YEARS ago!), and it is a shame, because it has potential to be a very good and promising game.At the current state I can not recommend the game, and it hurts my heart to admit that.Only when you are a masochistic, hardcore Warhammer 40k Fan, you maybe like this game, but at this price, with this state, I would dare you to buy it.Maybe when it is on sale you should try it, but for now, save your money for something more rewarding (like new Horus Heresy Novels, new models for your 40k/30k Army, or just a new game)."
76561198073714252,Not Recommended,298900,28385791,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,General ButtNaked,"Wow. Gameplay developers and the whole marketing team should each get a neat spot on a penitent engine.Change it to recommended if you don't care about the money, it's on sale for under 20e or are a hardcore 40k fan who just NEEDS to try a terminator fps.+ graphics. wonderful, the guys who made the models, textures, and the designers of the interiors and exterior sights have done an awesome job, perhaps the only thing to really point out was done well.+ tactical dreadnought armor ♥♥♥♥♥♥!+ uuuuuuuuuuh... I'd call it a better attempt at a W40k FPS than Space Marine- interface. holy crap, what is this?! who used this and thought ""yeah, screw it, good enough...""?! delays before screens are actually usable without ways to skip transitions, no way to skip intros or briefings (hit e to skip? yeah better give it at least 5-10 seconds more bruh, we think you need the briefing) mp join attempts that cannot be cancelled, wonky ingame ""manipulating state"" bugs- typos. up on the list just because it's after beta and how bloody hard is it to keep the one cheesy enemy nominator without typos. apparently, genesealers, genestelers and other xenos scum is waiting just around the corner too...- exterior fluff in place, internal fluff sucks. you can search for relics that do nothing and have no description, nice. you have archievments on steam for a bunch of stuff, even bloody collector cards... but can I customize a single thing about the visuals past weapon loadout? oh cool, I got a fancy shoulder guard, but can I put it on a brother to actually see it in the game? I can't? well, how about I at least get a choice, perhaps I liked the starter one better? why not? it's palpable that graphical customization is something unfinished, either cut or left out for dlcs- weapon combinations. I do understand that getting a 66% cooldown reduction power axe with an auto plasma cannon would be OP, but there are three bolter type weapons, and only the storm bolter has power weapons accessible? in other words, if you even remotely consider using your psyker skills, you're stuck with a storm bolter for the entirety of the game- bugs bugs BUGS BUGS BUUUUUGS. did you hack a turret mate? well, better give you a different loadout on exit. did you just use a door and get interrupted? the emperor abhors failure bro, get stuck in manipulation mode. did you get a little unlucky joining a bad/corrupt/disconnecting host? welcome to the void, brother, alt+f4 is your shield! aaand so on and so forth...- multiplayer. the one beacon of hope and the worst of it all. no dedicated servers (expensive, sure, impossible, no, and with the pricing, a very reasonable expectation) apparently MP progress is either not saved, or only saved when you host the game and just for you, or only when there's a full moon and the eye of terror is currently open, so every game you level up over and over again. the chat window is neatly obscured by squad status icons and there's no ingame voice com support, so perhaps communication is heresy too. but with a group of 4 and a handy teamspeak, it's a nice experience, albeit a little overpriced.- mechanics. it is the 41st millenium, the galaxy is at war and a bunch of nerds love details and numbers. I myself don't need to know everything, never played the tabletops etc, but THIS? no stats, no numbers, nothing. oh, cool, a skill that can give me 10% armor. 10%  OF ***ING WHAT? what's the base? what does armor do? what is the damage of my damn weapons? is it static? are there ranges? while we're at it, what's the armor of my enemies I have such nice bestiary entries for? could it have a few damn, even arbitrary stats? and even if not that, is it too bloody hard to give the ""mutated"" genestealers an additional affix, or are you just too lazy to add 1 word a couple of times?Conclusion:Yet another game of 40k with wasted potential, awesome and tinkered graphics, but no ingame customization, ATROCIOUS multiplayer without a premade group (yet very nice if you have one). Blatantly unfinished with loose ends left for DLCs to milk it a little further. I share the concern that milking DLCs will arrive much sooner than actual improvements.Been looking forward to it, but I'm mostly disappointed and will never prepurchase a GW game again.Also, the 2-hour playtime refund period is ingeniously placed, because I only got to the ""ok that's the last straw, this is not worth 40e, not in this state"" at about 3,5 hours in, shoulda done the research beforehand."
76561198026126384,Recommended,298900,28365428,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Salt Density,"This game surprised me, and despite my short burst with it, it's quite fun. It's a diamond in the rough, and I'm surprised at the negative feedback it's getting. Despite it's issues, it is a very solid game.~~A little PSA to Nvidia card users- the driver released today will give some performance increase. My FPS during the horde rushes went from around 20 avg to around 30, and my highs went from 40FPS to 60FPS. Not much, but it's something.~~Pros:-On the higher difficulties (can't speak for the lower ones) the game is actually fairly challenging-The enemy AI can surprise you from time to time. Some genestealers will break off from the pack and take alternate routes to get around your flanks/get out of your line of fire. The single genestealer AI is absolutely amazing, it will dodge your shots, sprint low to the ground, duck in and out of cover, etc. The group AI seems to be limited to RUSH THE ENEMY but from my observations even in the pack, some genestealers retain their individual AI as I've observed genestealers dodge, flank etc even in a pack-Nice variety of weapons-Great atmoshphere-good sound design for the ranged weaponry-Amazing map design, although sometimes the mission designs aren't that great-Good focus on lore, with the maps and titbits you read being very faithful to the 40K verse-Brings the board game into an FPS shooter whilst still remaining quite faithful to the source material. It really manages to bring in the feel of desperation, especially once your librarian runs out of Psy gates and your Apothacary runs out of healing...-Surprisngly, there is quite a wide variety of enemies. Props to the team for their creativity.-On the higher difficulties I've been surprised by a random spawn. Unfortunately these are few and far inbetween, but they are there. I had a broodlord attack on the hardest difficulty during Chapter 2! Wiped our ♥♥♥♥ing squad...-The story is quite goodCons:-Performance issues. Having trouble reaching a constant ~40fps, this game NEEDS a performance fix patch. This is my biggest gripe about the game. This game is in dire need of optimisation.-Terrible orange textures on the zoom feature. Seriously, I get that it's supposed to represent heat signatures but honestly the texture is awful. At least give me the option to disable it, I'd rather play at a disadvantage than see those textures.-Melee needs better sound + impact. Melee in general isn't bad when using it as a side arm, but the assault class is really quite boring to play.-Multiplayer is still quite buggy, though much better than the betaHopefully they fix the cons as I think this has the potential to be a better game.Having played it a bit more I'm going to make a few suggestions should the devs care to glance down this review section:1. Add skill progression and relics to the multiplayer game2. Please add the option to remove the orange zoom in textures3. Optimise this game4. Change the melee sounds and turn up the footstep volume5. Make the AI's request healing. In the middle of a fire fight I rarely notice they are low until they are dead6. Add in more random spawns!Since this review got surprisngly popular, I decided to add a few tips to help deal with some of the more frustrating parts of the  (single player) game1. Take off the assault cannon from your AI ally ASAP. The delay in target aqusition combined with the revving up of the assault cannon means the AI often doesn't start firing until the genestealers get too close. Storm bolters work well enough; if you really want an assault cannon complete chapter 1 and wield it yourself (but for the second mission it's better to use the storm bolter).2. get used to commanding the AI. The AI can be quite good, but only if positioned well, and guess who has to do that- you. Memorise the ""go to"" command as it will let you position your AI well.3. Double tap. The genestealers, especially in hordes, will sometimes appear to go down but will get back up after a delay. Give them a few more shots to make sure they stay down.4. I alt tabbed to add these suggestions. Don't alt tab, it causes the game to apparently freeze and you won't be able to move or shoot5. SHOOT THE ♥♥♥♥ING MISSLE LAUNCHERSTL:DR It's a very good game brought down by the optimisation and mutliplayer issues. If they release patches that correct those, I will have very little to complain about other than quality-of-life changes like melee weapon sounds. I would recommend waiting until that happens, however, unless you can handle average FPS like me. That being said, in it's current state, if you're looking for multiplayer, don't buy. It's too buggy. However, the single player campaign is solid enough."
76561198006672799,Recommended,298900,32057044,Posted: 29 May,all,Hyndis,"First off, the bad. The UI is a bit rough around the edges, there's only one map with random objectives, and there isn't any sort of progression system in multiplayer. Customization is also rather limited.Thats all there is for the bad.The good? Everything else. The game is absolutely gorgeous in capturing the 40K aesthetic. Do you want haunted giant cathedrals in space? Yup, you got them. In fact, thats the only thing you're going to get. Excessively huge ancient giant cathedral-factories in space, covered in skulls and purity seals, full of xenos who want to eat your face.What more could you want?Single player is really just the tutorial mode. The real meat of the game is multiplayer, and it is fantastic. Enemies automatically scale with the number of people in your team. Its actually possible to solo a multiplayer map if you so desire, or play with anywhere from 1-3 friends. The game scales difficulty on the fly.Each class is powerful in its own unique way. Thunder hammer and shield can be a bulwark. Assault cannon can fill a hallway with lead. Librarian alternates between lightning and fire. Apothecary keeps your battlebrothers healthy. Tactical marine is a jack of all trades who can do a everything, and he can do it well.Gameplay is extremely satisfying. Xenos will come at you from all directions. They're far more agile than you. You will not be able to outrun them. You can't hide from them either. You should neither run nor hide from the xeno, as that brings shame to your chapter and to your fellow battlebrothers. Stand your ground. Let the xeno come to you. Purge them in the name of the Emperor with bolt and blade, and then continue to your objective."
,Not Recommended,298900,28597867,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Orc,I sense heresy in this game.Devs are  belonging to a heretical cult using  tyrannid xenos filth as a weapon.Found evidence of sabotaged terminator armor. Also they block communication between brothers and prevent them to work as a team.All must be purged.Inquisitor Orc
,Not Recommended,298900,28764343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zozo,"*updated - see below*28/12/2016Isn't worth in it's current state.It's kinda an early access sold as a finished product. Needs a lot of polish, and more variety.Also, it has a lot of technical issues: frame rate goes like crazy from 15 to 60 fps on a 6th gen i5 paired with a RX480, doesn't matter if it's in low or high settings. Doesn't have controller support (it's 2016 guys, some people like to play PC games on the couch).Aesthetically, the game nails the grimdark Warhammer 40k atmosphere. But the good stuff doesn't go much further than this. Wait a little, it's not the time yet to a game title that properly glorifies the Emperor.Update 07/08/2017A lot of content has been added to the game, a lot of bugs had been ironed, and despite the game still showns keyboard keys when you're using a controller, the support is way better. But... yeah, there's a but: the performance still sucks. Framerate still go up and down like crazy when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. So yeah, unfortunately I still can't recommend it."
76561197972445514,Not Recommended,298900,29104060,Posted: 7 January,all,Hellbishop,"Horrible optimization with insane load times at many points in gameplay such as going into a game, leaving a game, dying and reloading etc etc where all these load times are in the five to ten minute range. I ended up spending more time loading then i did playing. A total mood killer.Game glitches such as the third mission where you are supposed to destroy a generator but there seems to be no way to make it happen eventhough am right in front of the mission marker and blasting away at the target area. I finally destroyed it by pure luck and not by actual skill/knowhow.Whole levels where textures dont appear revealing the whole layout of the map as if most of the map has disappeared into another dimension until eventually textures start to pop in and out randomly.All these issues from a game that demands 40gb of harddrive space.Pros-Fantastic graphics bringing the world of Warhammer 40k to life  in a nightmarish first person view bringing Tyranid terror to heart attack courage destroying levels. The amount of destruction one can do to an area and how it is depicted is pure euphoria.Audio is like the sweetest most seductive succubi whisper luring your throat to her suddenly revealed blade making the most melodic harmonious sound as death splatters across futuristic space hulk ruins creaking in agony like a rusty nail embedded in flesh and grinding against bone.Ai is a mix of good and bad where your battebrothers do a excellent job of defending you but need to be told to heal up and get in the way many times when your character wants to close a door behind the group where they end up walking to the other side of the door.Level design is outstanding capturing the humongous titanic mountainous size of these cursed wandering derelicts known as space hulks. The levels are oozing with the religious fervor and fanatical worship of The Emperor and the Imperium Of Man. A gothic landscape draped in blood and dismembered flesh of alien and human origin.The Emperor protects as humanity prays for worthy patch updates."
,Not Recommended,298900,28381052,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,XIIGage,"3 of my friends and I purchased the game with the hopes of a solid co-op experience (based on the face that it is a team based shooter). Unfortunately the campaign does not offer a real co-op experience and the multiplayer is basically just playing ""rounds"" of the campaign maps. There is no progression and any unlocks you get are done on a per map basis and your loadouts and class can be changed at any time during the mission. There is a ""codex"" mode that trys to help this by unlocking everything from the start and you can't switch mid-match, but it just gives you even less to do in the game. Co-op isn't even given the cutscenes that are in singleplayer.We were not able to complete a single chapter due to constant game crashing and the fact that if the host's game crashes or disconnects you have to start all over again. Other than the crashing we did not run into the performance issues that others did. I had a solid 50-60 fps on high settings.The overall atmosphere is amazing and being a terminator felt good. I love the 40k universe and the stories that can be told in it (my library includes many of the warhammer games) but the storytelling in the co-op here was disappointing.Unless you will enjoy playing this alone to take full advantage of the story, or you and your friends enjoy killing swarms of enemies while walking around a ship with little narrative, I would avoid this in it's current state.Unfortunately all 4 of us refunded the game instead of spending 2 hours+ trying to complete the first mission over and over again. Unless the multiplayer/co-op gets a major overhaul, I don't see us re-purchasing it.Edit to hit on a few points some commentors had concerns of:""You only played X amount of time, this review is useless!"": Only played about 1 hour because we already played in beta (including closed beta) and easily have 12+ hours in the game and nothing really changed from the beta aside from stability. If steam allowed more time to test it before getting a refund, we would have, but we spent the entire hour of the ""full release"" replaying the first half of the first mission 3 times.""You can use codex mode to allow X features you said you wanted."": Codex mode does nothing for the game but unlock everything from the beginning giving you no goal to work towards except trying to enjoy the lackluster multiplayer storytelling. If they had the full singleplayer campaign, it would have been enjoyable. but you don't even get so much as a cutscene in co-op.""Your computer is just crap! I was able to finish the missions with no problem!"": Stability is overall better than it was in beta, and I had no performance issues minus random crashing during random parts of the game. My rig isn't the issue (4770k, 980ti) it is the game that is the issue and obviously a large percentage of the playerbase has it even worse than I do. The afermentioned crashing I was getting is a known bug in the game that when the host of games opens the inventory there is just a random chance the game will crash. This has been acknowledged by the developers and there is a fix in the works for it (but the bug still exists at the time of this review).I really want this game to be good and I really hope they change the way co-op is implemented."
,Not Recommended,298900,28860286,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kev,"After completing the first person campaign I cannot recommend this game. I am as biased as you can be being a fan of the universe and also collecting Deathwing Terminators but still it is impossible. Apart from all of the things you have read before about the optimisation issues and general gameplay, the story itself is very lacking. I wont give spoilers but the game does give flashes of building up to a grand ecounter and then just ends. With a very small cinematic and puts you back to the main menu. There are so many loose ends it's a joke. Maybe they have done this to add expansions etc, however due to what happens at the end I can't see how that would be possible. I was left thinking 'have I done something wrong?' please tell me if I have.I have not played multiplayer as I live in Beijing and cannot connect, so I cannot comment on that.As for optimisation issues, they wern't too bad for me, however the AI, loading screens and Melee combat are, lets say, shoddy.The art and scenery is quite good I thought, however every now and again it is very lazy. For example the brick walls that you have to break down to find some of the relics. They look dumb as ****.People are saying that if the optimisation is improved that the game might start to be recommended but I can't see how this would help because all these people will then realise that the story and gameplay mechanics are also sub par.The foundation is there but I just can't see the devs making serious changes to the mechanics of the game.Score 5/10"
76561198002375234,Not Recommended,298900,28407433,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,big pepsi,"I don't normally write reviews.I was really looking forward to this game.It feels like it's held together with tape.Pros:  Gameplay is satisfying and meaty (when the stars align and everything works). Looks good, lots of tasty gothic architecture and menacing hallways. When it decides to work, it works well. But those few moments of bliss aren't enough to save it from the countless other problems.Cons: Arbitrary framerate drops. Really barebones UI. (Hacking looks and feels like a mod someone else made for this game). Typos. Hilariously buggy. Terminators getting stuck and jammed on everything imaginable. Enemy units getting stuck. Level assets just deciding not to load. Crashes.If, over time, some of these issues are addressed I can come back and happily update my review. If it ends up abandoned this may well be one of the most disappointing purchases ive made this year."
76561197981089121,Not Recommended,298900,28479288,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,beertooth,"Here we go.I am a certifiable 40k fanboy.  I have several thousand points of several different armies (Space Marines, Chaos Marines, Tau, Necrons, Imperial Guard, and Orks).  I own most of the novels put out by the black library. I've played nearly every game set in the 40K universe. I'm nothing special, just setting the backdrop for this review.  I LOVE the 40k universe.It is with a heavy heart that say: I cannot reccomend this game.I'll start with the positives.This game looks amazing when it's running well. They've totally captured the bleak spirit of the 40k universe. The ships are enormous mazes, with numerous ways to get in and out of each room. The terminators look amazing.  Like the walking tanks they're supposed to be.  The tyranids are terrifying.  All claws and screaming and death.  The sound effects really are top notch, drawing you in while you stalk about and blast everything.Thats it for the positives really.Here are the negatives as I see it.Terminators are described in tabletop and novels as nearly unstoppable walking tanks.  The Tactical Dreadnaught armor was designed to be nearly impervious to all but the biggest guns.  The weapons it carries heavy enough to clear rooms and destroy bunkers if necessary.  That being said, I was slowly bled by 1 or 2 tyranids at a time.  God help you in the later levels if a proper swarm gathered. The weakest bad guys wer eable to do signifigant damage to my ""Walking Tank"" armor in no time at all.  With claws.  Or little assault rifles. I was so dissappointed in how weak I felt.  I tend to play games on normal or easy settings cause I like stories over challenge. That didn't save me here.  Later in the story when enemies with missle launchers and heavy machine guns started appearing, ""Walking Tank"" quickly became ""Paper Mache"".That leads me to the weapons. Powerfists are described as being able to dismantle tanks (something I've done in tabletop).  A force sword channels a psykers energy, cutting through armor and flesh with ease.  Unless of course, you're playing this game. a force sword will dispatch the smaller tyranids with a swipe or two (sometimes, depending on you finding the awful hitboxes). It's relatively useless against anything else. Ranged combat doesn't fare any better. your default storm bolter is decent, and the heavy flamer does allright.  Again, both of these examp[les are only valid if there are only 2-3 mobs on screen, something that rarely happens. The remaining weapons were fairly useless due to one flaw or another.  Assault cannon? That one is described as the pinnacle of man-portable rapid fire weapons technology. Not here it isn't. Here you will empty most of a clip and hit nothing, after which your gun will jam and you get to go back to the awful melee weapons mentioned above. Plasma cannon?  Awesome weapon capable of creating minniature suns to burn away the unclean xenos.  Or one shot wonder with a forever reload time that will snag one or two of the smaller baddies, and do a fart's worth of damage to anything threatening.  Come on, does anything work right?Maybe the Librarian powers (psychic attacks) will hold up to all of my expectations. Nah, let's murder that one too.  There are 6 or 7 abilities.  A couple of which are actually useful.  I forget the names, but you get to make the baddies explode in a totally satisfying fireball, conjure up a fire tornado that wipes out a line of enemies (and seems to actually damage the bigger ones), and even summon a hole in reality to suck the foul tyranids into the warp.  Just don't count on doing that more than a couple times a level.  I can't recall anything in this game that was more dissappointing than using one of my abilities, only to realize that it had a minute long cooldown.  Doesn't sound like much, but when it's the only effective way to kill bad guys, you once again find yourself out of luck when you need it most. I do have to say that warp lightning is by far the worst.  You shoot this super impressive (looking) bolt of warp lightning that never hits a damn thing or doesn't do any damage.  I can't tell which.All in all I was supremely dissappointed with this game.  I didn't finish it, most likely never will.  I stopped when I hit an escort level.  I nearly fell out of my chair when I hit that one.  I'd like to strike up a conversation with the one individual that thought escort levels are fun.  They have never been fun.  Not ever.  Ever. That's not just my opinion.  I have never met a single person that found a single escort mission in any game to be fun.  They just aren't.  It's been laughed about on the internet since the internet became a thing.  I have old issues of Nintendo Power that describe how stupid escort missions are. But here we are.  Escort this thing to that place. Off you go.I'm so sad.  This was going to be the one that changed things.  It was going to take it's place beside Dawn of War and DOW II as the only good 40K games.  I guess I'll have to wait for DOW III.I definitely won't fall for the pre-order nonsense again though.  Sorry to any future developers of 40K games.  I just can't do it."
,Not Recommended,298900,29151173,Posted: 9 January,all,Fishaman,All you had to do was vermintide in space.... what is this?
,Recommended,298900,31654161,Posted: 9 May,all,peremptor,"Great game if you are into the source material or just like the idea of a horror action game in a strange evil/alien infested space derelict. StreumOn is in the process of making the co-op more 'vermintidish' for those that place more emphasis on that plus more free content updates in the hopefully near future.It's not a perfect game but it's still does a wonderful job of recreating a futuristic distopian world that Frank Herbert would look at and think, why am I not getting some money out of this? That's a sign of something groovy for sure."
,Recommended,298900,34255318,Posted: 15 August,all,Mainfold,"Initially I refunded the game because of the terrible performance at launch, but now it's absolutely worth getting if even only for the campaign and replayability of the campaigns via the missions-mode. Got it during a sale, but after having played through the campaign I'd say it's definitely worth it for the campaign"
76561197981006035,Recommended,298900,33691889,Posted: 21 July,all,Borry,"This game was horrible at launch, so many issues and lack of content.However in the past 6-9 months the devs have REALLY turned this game around and are turning it into the gem it had the potential to be. For that they deserve a big congrats and a thumbs up.I can see plenty more good things down the line for the game.PS devs - PLEASE add co-op campaign in properly."
76561198066272224,Recommended,298900,34094590,Posted: 7 August,all,Thevanin,"The game is vastly improved from how it was at launch.  I played the first 2 chapters shortly after release and the rest in the past week or so.  I've only touched the single player campaign (took about 14 hours on normal), but I plan on going back to explore more, find the relics, and do the special missions.Level Design:The game is gorgeous and I feel like it really captures what a Space Hulk emerging from the warp should look like.  The levels contain everything from tight corridors to massive stone cathedrals.  The attention to detail really shines.  There's stuff to see everywhere, and it all feels really well done.  The environmental sounds are really good and go hand in hand with the level design to create some truly suspenseful moments.  It’s quite unsettling to be walking through a cramped corridor and hear enemies moving above/below you without knowing exactly where they are.There’s nothing that really separates the levels from one another.  They all have the same style/atmosphere and play the same way.  Oddly enough, this didn’t really bother me.  I think it’s because the levels are pretty large and there’s so much detail that going through a place multiple times doesn’t really feel repetitive.Gameplay:The gameplay works for what the game is.  It’s not doing anything groundbreaking and that’s OK.  Most of the ranged weapons look/feel/sound good to shoot, but melee attacks look and sound underwhelming even if they are powerful.  The controls are easy to pick up and character customization is pretty straight forward.  You have enough info about the different weapons to be able to make informed decisions when customizing the loadout for you and your allies.  Completing missions unlocks new weapons and cosmetic armor pieces (stormshield counts as a weapon).  Character skills progression is based on points that are awarded at the end of each level.  The better you do the more points you get, but I pretty much always found myself getting 3-4.  Make sure you use them all; if you don’t place all your skill points before moving onto the next level you lose them.  You can improve your allies, your physical/defensive abilities, or your psychic abilities.Artifacts are easy enough to stumble upon, and it’s common to find 2-4 per level.  I think this is a good balance between feeling rewarding and incentivizing replay ability.  I plan on going back to collect all the relics as well as to view all the screens with the journal entries (don’t remember if they have an official name, but you activate the screens to read some lore).  The voice acting for Belial and the 3 terminators is pretty well done as well.  However, they missed out on the opportunities to please some of the people that were really interested in the lore.  It would have made everything much more rewarding if the journal screens had audio files that were played along side the text.  Also, many of the relics are just non-descript ‘relics’.  Having some named chapter artifacts would have been a nice touch and made finding relics more interesting.The enemy and ally AI can be pretty dumb at times.  Most enemies just charge right at you and it’s only when they become adequately powerful does this really constitute a threat.  Conversely, your allies won’t always attack when you’re engaging an enemy.  For a few levels I had both allies equipped with a thunder hammer + stormshield, and enemies would run right past them and engage me before either ally would attack.  Similarly, I’d be shooting at tyranids that were rushing us and my allies would stand there and watch.  You are able to control them using hot keys (F for follow, ect), but that detracted from the flow of the game.  It wasn’t as fun to tell them to guard a hallway just to make sure that they weren’t standing in a doorway as I was trying to close and lock it.Story:The story is slow to get going.  The first 2-3 chapters have you just running back and forth around the ships.  After that the story starts to pick up, and I genuinely enjoyed it.  I found myself saying “just one more mission” quite a few times in the second half of the game; that’s a good sign.  Unfortunately, I feel like the ending could use some more work.  I don’t want to give any spoilers, but I think the story would have benefitted from one or two more missions at the end of the final chapter.  Also, having some cut scenes would have helped with the story telling as well.  Overall though, I enjoyed the narrative that this game provided.Performance:I didn’t have any crashes and rarely any performance drops, but my PC is decently powerful (Ryzen 1700, 1080 Ti, 16GB RAM).  I played at 3440x1440 with everything on high or better and maintained a solid 60 fps most of the time.  Occasionally it would drop into the 40’s during big fights and I think I only saw it go into the 30’s once.  Obviously I’d want it to stay at 60 all the time, but the drops really didn’t bother me.  It’s much improved from how the game was at launch.  I did have one irritating glitch that regularly occurred.  When I would start a new level there would be no audio during Belial’s intro, but that was about it.Overall:Overall I really enjoyed this game.  The gorgeous graphics, environments, and the level of detail really create a compelling setting that enables them to tell a decent story while helping to prop up some of the AI and gameplay issues.  For $40 (MSRP at time of writing) I’d say this game is worth it, but you’re probably better off waiting for a sale depending on how many of the special missions or multiplayer you plan on playing (I looked at the multiplayer lobby and there weren’t many games… but it was a Monday evening)."
,Not Recommended,298900,28976652,Posted: 3 January,all,The Biggest Arse In Glencarse,"Unfourtunately, I couldn't recommend Space Hulk: Deathwing as it currently stands.Initially I was delighted to see that it had been developed by Streum On Studios. From playing their previous game I was certain they'd be able to capture the atmosphere of the 40k universe. This they did very well. The space hulk felt oppressive, labyrinthine and derelict. I was particularly pleased with the attention to detail. For example, bells ring when you shoot them! The game's weapons felt suitably powerful, with each impact having a satisfying effect.However I was let down by many other aspects of the game. The interface was clunky and unappealing and felt like something you'd expect from a game 10 years ago. The gameplay lacked variety and ended up being very bored within the first few levels, it felt like I had seen everything the game had to offer. The way the terminators handle was also a let down. They felt floaty and they didn't capture the lack of manuverability and resulting tension you'd expect from a Space Hulk game.I ended up requesting a refund. This game needs a lot of work before I'd consider purchasing it again."
76561198084157493,Recommended,298900,34785509,Posted: 6 September,all,High Inquisitor Space Duck,"Graphics outstanding. Gameplay is pretty smooth, and while the playerbase is low, replayable to the end of days with people that are fun. The playerbase is pretty chill, like most 40k games. IF you want a crawler/shooter, this is your game. Think doom, if doomguy was half tank and half FDR (Not the good half)I'd say 7/10. With more players, 8/10. Could use more weapons and add'l chapters. Keybinding saves it's♥♥♥♥♥in this case due to naturally iffy controls, but the keys, when bound, are responsive. The atmosphere and immersion are outstanding. Story is engaging, if a bit slow, because, you know, walking tank. Build tension well especially on Very Hard or on first playthrough. Good mix of ""oh god where are they"" ""THEY'RE OVER THERE, DIE, XENOS SCUM"" and ""OH GOD EMPEREROR, MY EMPEROR SAVE ME THEY'RE EVERYWHERE ARRRRRRR- THEY GOT BROTHER JAMARCUS!""""Claws Up, Don't shoot""""Xenos Lives matter""""Deus Imperator Vult"""
,Recommended,298900,28366619,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Morpheus,"I have completed the first single player chapter, and so far the game seems pretty fun imo.While I'm not super familar with the Warhammer lore and universe It makes sense to me for this not to be some high speed L4D clone which a lot people forget when they call it ""boring"" considering you play as heavily armored cyborgs(i think?)Performance is a bit meh. I get 60 steady fps and drops to 30 at the lowest during hordes. I play at max settings with temporal filtering off because this AA method lowers your game's resolution and causes the film grain effect in order to preserve performance (I do not like that there is no msaa or fxaa personally)My PC specs: GTX 1080 CPU- i6600k @3.5(stock) 16gb ram w/ 1080p 144 hz monitor. I could not get the game to go past 60fps with vsync off and I don't know if its an oversight by me or if the game is locked at 60All in all if you think the game looks interesting to I'd say go for it seeing as you can always refund. Take into consideration please that all the optimization issues and bugs that are present will most likely be fixed in the coming weeks.Will update my reivew once I've put in more play time."
,Not Recommended,298900,28367372,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,I Poke Zombies With Spoons,"While I love 40K, I cannot recommend this game right now for what I, and many others, want from it.Here's my list of reasons why from the couple of hours I've played thus far:1) Thus far I've had two ""fatal error"" crashes in two hours of play. During one of them I was hosting the game. 45 minutes down the drain.2) I can't seem to get my framerate above 40 fps with an i7-3930K oc'd to 4.4Ghz and a 980Ti, even on low settings.3) The headbob is a bit much, even on its lowest setting.4) The game often forgets your settings and resets them back to default.5) You can bind the escape key to an action, which then means for the rest of the game you can't use the escape menu and have to alt+f4 out if you accidentally do this.6) You CAN play co-op with your friends, but only the host can see any storyline updates during said mission. The rest of you are running around like headless idiots unless the host reads out and relays whatever has been said to you. A real immersion breaker. Great if you like to wear wizard hats and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but we don't care for roleplaying.At it's core, it feels like the game needed an extra 6 months of polish to get up to spec. It's not a bad game, it just needs some serious fine tuning and extra love to get it up to standard.As such, I do not recommend buying Deathwing at this time unless you can get it at a sub £15 price or you are the world's biggest Warhammer 40k fan who is willing to ignore some seriously glaring issues."
76561198014378723,Not Recommended,298900,28460028,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jehuty Prime,"A bitter disappointment :( Rather than mowing through swarms of tyrannids with two adept battle brothers, I found myself babysitting two lobotomised hulks whilst pouring numerous high-velocity exploding rounds into the faces of unflinching bullet sponges.It's just not fun. It's gorgeous, but it's just not fun. I've spent since September (when I placed my pre-order) looking forward to a Christmas break getting stuck into some serious 40k xenos cleansing action with friends, developing and customising my unique style of terminator. In an act of utter madness, the developers have opted for a DOTA style upgrade system. NONE OF YOUR UPGRADES ARE PERSISTENT. You're reset to zero at the end of each mission.Alas, I will not be spending my time off with this game. Genuinely gutted."
76561197985555567,Not Recommended,298900,28827304,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Graham[IE],The developers / artists obviously gave a lot of time designing the room etc as they're quite spectacular. However that's where the positives end. This is a FPS that involves killing hordes of genestealer's while traipsing around a map. There is no skill or strategy involved and very little collaboration required in the multi player. As a result it get tiring very quickly.I imagine it was quite cheap to develop since its based on the unreal engine however its quite expensive to buy. I don't know how they can justify the price.Fans of W40K will get some enjoyment out of this but probably not for long..
,Not Recommended,298900,28428623,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,karlosmorale,"Although I don't play the tabletop game, I'm a big fan of 40K stuff - video games, black library, reading battle reports etc. I really want this game to be good but it's simply too buggy in its current state.Crashes, frame drops, inventory bugs - irritating little things that ruin what is otherwise a solid FPS with the 'feel' of stomping around as a Terminator.What I could play of it, I liked. Unforunately I wasn't able to play for long enough without the game crapping out on me.If it gets patched and improves I would probably re-buy and update this review."
76561198002603718,Not Recommended,298900,29105472,Posted: 7 January,all,TheUnholy420,A early access game with out the tag.
76561197961285246,Recommended,298900,31330118,Posted: 23 April,all,Ser Pote,"I played this on release and was dissatisfied with a few things - little bugs, crashing, simple ai, terrible framerate etc.I decided to give it another shot after reading that a lot of things had been patched and it's really enjoyable and challenging now.  It's not you average mindless shooter, if you have a few friends or coop and play tactically it becomes very rewarding.The art design is spot-on and it's extremely atmospheric with the architecture giving a great sense of scale. It's been a long time since a game made me feel like this - reminds me of the original Aliens vs Predator (as the marine).I'm not sure what they've changed about the AI, but now they seem a lot sneakier and more tactical, it's not just a mindless horde now.Glad I gave it another shot and would implore overlook the early reviews and give it a go."
,Not Recommended,298900,28381415,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Borry,"At first, Space Hulk: Deathwing seems like a game full of promise. The basic premise is essentially Left 4 Dead mashed in together with Warhammer 40K, and a few bits and pieces from Space Marine. I first bought the game in beta, and was not impressed.The game delivers on a few of the things you'd expect - the levels are incredibly atmospheric, and very well done. Plenty of love has been put into appearance and story here, and the world feels like you're in 40K, which is really saying something.After playing Space Hulk: Deathwing in the beta, I had high hopes that the game would be improved from the state it was in then. Judging a beta game for the issues it has is counterproductive, and it's expected that the issues found in said beta would be ironed out and improved.I'm sorry to say that most of the issues that were present simply haven't been fixed, including but not limited to:- Connectivity issues: Sometimes it can take upwards of 5 minutes to even connect to a game, even if you don't get kicked immediately on joining by the client.- Framerate issues: Even on a PC that is comfortably above the minimum standards, the game chugs and stutters like it did in beta. Regularly hitting 10fps in areas where there are lots of enemies. (Which, being Space Hulk, is a lot of the areas.)- Load times: The load times are absolutely awful. They're slightly better than in beta (waiting 11 minutes to host a game, at the worst - averaging about 3-4 minutes), but surely the developers could have optimised the game better.As it stands, I would not recommend the game. I have since refunded the game, as launching a game in the state that it *is* in is just unforgivable. It's hardly any different from the barely-functional beta. I may change this recommendation in the future, if the issues are fixed, but I think this just a case of biting off more than they could chew.tl;dr: Don't buy. Game is unpolished, unfinished, and full of bugs. Shouldn't have been released as it was. Might be worth the time if they fix the myriad of issues."
,Not Recommended,298900,28394811,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DunHiLa,"Pros:-The campaign was actually quite enjoyable but sort of short.It's grim,the cutscenes are nice enough to provide backstory,you can collect additional optional relics that are pretty interesting.-Dark and grim gameplay just like it should be,to be honest at times the enemies were in such great number that It felt almost impossible to beat them and then I always managed.That is the feeling every terminator armor wearing warrior should experience.-Weapon variety is decent-The places you explore are in great detail,it is almost impossible not to want to look around and delay the main objectiveCons:-The AI is pretty bad,both for allies and enemies.There are no random spawns,I don't know why people keep on saying there are,the enemies don't have different tactics-they pretty much just swarm you.Allies are even worse,they don't fire when they are suppose to,get killed easily if you don't equip them with the right gear and sometimes there are bugs when you are trying to control them individually.-The framerate is horrible.I have seen it go down below 20 fps when there were more enemies at a single point in time and that is unplayable.I can't be expected to slash my way through hordes of enemies at below 20 fps.-Bugs,oh yes there are a lot of them!-MP is pointless.It's broken,the game still crashes.There is no voice chat for a co-op game which is absurd!There are freezes/lag in MP.Sometimes the objective disappears for no reason.-The progression system is stupid,restarting your lvl and skills in each new game you play,this shouldn't be a MOBA but I guess it is easier than introducing a lot of skills and making the gameplay deeper.-These negatives barely scratch the surface,there is a lot more wrong with the game."
76561198066236996,Not Recommended,298900,28685575,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheMattMatician,Poorly optimized experience. No excuses to release a game in this state.
76561197988135042,Recommended,298900,31772374,Posted: 15 May,all,bLoUse cLoWNs!,"Well, here we are again folks, ANOTHER WH\SH game....so what would you expect out of a game like this?Lets start with the usual cliche' BS reviewers like to say...""If your a Fan of the WH universe, you will love this game""As much as i hate that phrase, its true.As a  longtime WH Universe fanatic myself, heres what i like;1. Lore is all there. Deff has that WH feel i like.2. You feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥in your Terminator suit. BUT you can still get taken out rather quickly (Which i enjoy, adds to the challenge!).3. Sweet graphics, The hulks looks awesome, keep to the universe Lore, are dark, foreboding, and creepy.4. Progression system pretty ok, Hacking is fun as hell wish it were deeper though.5. Play this game on hardest setting and no other. its a great challenge but not impossibly diffcult (so far).What i dont like about the game:1. Really nothing so far (though ive not tried Multplayer) in the game itself, maybe other than it IS starting to feel a little shallow. But most WH/SH games ARE shallow. so its ok with me.2. May not be that appealing to NON WH/SH fans because of the sort of lumbering slow pace feel of the Terminator suits, and their weapons may feel slow and lame to a FPS fan as well. Doesnt bother me in the slightest however.IMO, Great game so far."
76561198005693993,Not Recommended,298900,32312130,Posted: 10 June,all,Big_McLrghuge,"SummaryFun game but there are some issues just nag at me and hold back the game.Biggest complaints is that you don't really feel like you're a walking Tank, which you should as a Terminator. I think that it would have been better to go with something more like a KillTeam wearing MKVIII armor. They could have stuck with pretty much the same weapons and given a better variation in the squad abilities. Instead they went with the Terminator, which looks cool but its obvious that they weren't willing to really embrace it. Overall game feels lacking so I can't really recommend it to friends. Decent for Warhammer 40k fans and maybe Left4Dead Fans. New comers to either might not get as much out of it.I'll preface by saying that I'm a big warhammer 40k fan. So far I've played for about 6hrs, solo campaign only, and I have mixed feelings about the game. There are parts of the game that they nailed, like the weapon/character designs and the gothic look of the environment. For anyone that listens to the audio books its a real treat to have a story by Gav Thorpe and hear Toby Longworth narrating. It really helps solidify the 40k feel.The things they did right with this game are great and bring me back to the game. But what they didn't get right leaves me with sense of longing and wishing for something more.Weapons: The designs of the weapons are awesome, everything I want for warhammer. They look great and most of them feel bad-A when using them, eg, Thunder Hammer/Storm shield and lightning claws. However, some of them feel as if they're missing the shock and awe of 40k. I have a few complaints about the Storm Bolters. First, they're called that for a reason, it should be a Storm of bullets hitting the target. But they have a slower rate of fire than I expected. I was expecting something more like Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine. Second, a few of the storm bolters are single fire, which if you're going to make them single fire make them Stalker Bolters, not Storm Bolters. My third complaint, the bolter rounds. Where're the explosion???? It would be so much cooler to see them exploding on impact. It's just one of those things that nags at me. I wish one of these game developers would add the explosions to the rounds.Terminators: Again they look amazing! First person movement feels alright, however, during game play the way the camera works it can leave you disoriented when using melee attacks. But thats not my biggest complaint about the terminators. What bothers me the most is you don't feel like you're wearing Tactical Dreadnaught Armor! Simple fire from genestealer hybrids carrying auto rifles can do major damage. It shouldn't; at all! Which also keeps me from using the really cool close quarter weapons like lightning claws and the thunder hammer/shield. Not to mention, if you get hit by a turret a couple times its over, you're dead. You shouldn't need an apolocary following you around healing you all the time, which also keeps me from changing his weapon loadout.Terminators should feel like walking tanks.If they're worried about game balance I question why they chose the DeathWing/Terminators. Auto rifle fire should just be an annoyance, not a real threat, definitely not one that should make you question using close quarter weapons. The same goes for Turrets.Lastly, the Librarian: Good idea but again feels lacking. There's just something missing. The only attack that feels like you're summoning the power of the warp are chain lightning and the spontaneous combustion. Everything else feels like its just appearing. And even the ones I mentioned don't look like you're channeling the warp and attacking with it. There's no wow factor to them.In the end this game has been found wanting. I was hoping for much more from this game. Mainly, feeling like I was one of the venerable members of the Deathwing, clad in vernerable Terminator Armor, and equiped with the Dark Angels chapter's deadliest arsenal. Instead it was an odd mix of satisfaction and disappointment."
76561197961447577,Not Recommended,298900,29563764,Posted: 29 January,all,smilingallthetime,"Visually this game is fantastic. The environments are beautiful. It sounds pretty good too. Gameplay wise it's interesting but feels rushed. Multiplayer is semi-broken and not very interesting. Loading times are ridiculously long, for no apparent reason. Game gets stuck in loading screens sometimes."
76561198304820671,Not Recommended,298900,29011673,Posted: 4 January,all,base329,"It seems WH40K fans are doomed with disapointing titles such as DEATHWING, How hard can it be to make a good game set in this wondeful universe?Anyway this game is terrible, the multiplayer is broken, the UI is unresponsive, there is no character progression whatsoever,  AI is extremely stupid and the game seems unfinished. By the way dont bother looking for relics, they do absolutely nothing.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,298900,30361821,Posted: 6 March,all,Natty Dread,"Almost as disastrous as Aliens: Colonial Marines.Multiplayer mode is very weak. Almost nothing compared to Vermintide (and the game has to stand up to this comparison, imho).The game is dead because it was released unfinished, unpolished, unoptimised and the progress since its release is very meagre."
76561198082192073,Recommended,298900,33648228,Posted: 19 July,all,hwhatagame,"i'm glad they haven't given up the game yet, each patch they release just make the game better"
,Recommended,298900,32634842,Posted: 21 June,all,Aleksandros,"This is a strange recommendation for me, this is a flawed but fun title, the artistic prowess is apparent and brimming with passion, and the gameplay is very entertaining when it functions as intended. However, there's terrible balancing, questionable UI choices and control scheme and optimization problems that blemishes the game's true birthright. Multiplayer often felt like something akin to an afterthought in a game that should prioritize multiplayer. Much of this spans from the problem with how the Apothecary  (The Healer) is required to even remotely succeed, and if no one feels like gimping themselves in sorely desired heavy weaponry (Despite a Storm Bolter being a terrifying weapon in its own right), then a group of friends will be sorely lacking in chance of success. I personally enjoy being an Apothecary, but many complaints stem from this dedicated healer archtype in a game that acts akin to L4D or Vermintide. Plus, given the fact there are no bots in multiplayer to fill up your squad, you will be even more outnumbered than within reason, so hire randoms or use your vast catalogue of friends with disposable income. What's that, no army of friends to fill your virtual garrison of elite killing machines, well too damn bad, you get to be like me then!The innability to heal without an apothecary is a questionable design choice, yet not entirely inaccurate given the source material. Space Marines, even in Tactical Dreadnought armor are not invincible, and will require greater attention when facing threats threats that even a super human has little chance of surviving. The game tries to treat itself with pseudo-Mechwarrior or Battletech style limb injury system, akin to Fallout limbs being crippled. So even if one's health does not drop to zero, your effectiveness is greatly reduced when crippled. Being so limited as an Apothecary and there being no other methods of healing outside of using a Psygate by the Librarian is quite frankly laughable, as if the devs had not play tested this. Luckily, squad members will respawn, but its a long respawn for a style of game where fecal matter can hit the proverbial rotating blades extremely quickly. So if you don't mind being the white mage, and running around stabbing everyone with a good ol ""Narthecium: The Drill of Healing ™ since M29"", the game will be quite enjoyable. Singleplayer was far better designed I felt, which is tragic given the opportunity here.The potential this game has however, is immense, and the devs seem willing to conintue updating it, so I give this a cautious but mostly pleased reccommendation."
76561198036112771,Recommended,298900,28480720,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,schupuppy,"First off, it works for me and I am really only concerned with single player. I understand people not recommending it if it doesn't run for them or presents major issues... I mean, what else can you do? Of course those reviews are gonna be bad. And those who really really really want the multiplayer to be good are also understandably let down at the moment.So from the single player perspective, and from the perspective of someone that can run the game without any major crashes or bugs I will say that I really enjoy it. The mood and setting that the game presents is really it's strong suit I think, along with an incredible level of visual detail in the levels.The combat is usually settled quickly other than when the 'nids go into ""sell out"" mode and then things can get very hectic very fast... probing attacks are constant... but at some point the hivemind sends out the ""GO HARD NOW"" command and then it's officially ON... and the AI is smart enough to flank you and attack from behind whenever possible - and with kill counts in the 500+ range on just a single mission, there are a lot of opportunities to get overrun. I have had frame rate drops in these instances but it hasn't been a deal breaker for me (GTX-1060-3GB).The UI, loading times and optimization complaints are real though - it's definitely not as good as it should be. I'm hopeful things will improve on this end though and for now, like I said, it doesn't take away from my enjoyment of the game. I think the game does what it was designed to do: Put you into a space hulk setting as a Terminator that's as detailed, true to lore and atmospheric as possible. For me, that's quite good enough.Clomping through dark passages and huge open cathedrals and hangars as the only target of about, oh, 5000+ Tyranids (5003 to be exact according to the stats of my last playthrough... at least the ones I killed anyway...) is definitely something to be experienced. And if you really think you're just gonna jump into some terminator armor and waltz through the hulk and not get a little 'anxious' ...well... cue Yoda:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g57LxM-GcSc=)Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28570389,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chef McWaffles,"Buggy on release to be expected.Multiplayer unplayabe and Campaign nearly goofed after first patch.10/10 Heresy.Edit after update March 9th: Healing team mates is a bit of a ball ache while in combat. Unable to heal despite standing directly behind them. If they're moving, good luck! Had an issue where I couldn't reaload/fire unless I opened the invintory screen. (This resets all cooldowns so you're unable to use them for a period.)Update makes a good difference but there's still a bit of work to do regarding controls.Consult your local neighbourhood Inquisitor."
76561197963613339,Not Recommended,298900,28862330,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JaqDraco,"Well, this is the first game I've requested a refund for so that explains me not recommending it.The trailers looked greatThe people who got pre-release access and did some youtube vids playing together looked enough to keep my interest, and by my own admission of mistake I thought what I was seeing was the multiplayer aspect of the game, so figured campaign wise there would be more.There isn't much difference. The difference being playing alone you just have NPC terminators fighting with you.Close quarters fighting is a double edged sword, it does well to convey a claustrophobic feel especially if you're playing with surround sound headphone, turn too quickly and half your screen gets obscured by your weapons and paldrons, when you get swarmed the bodies mount up and clog your screen, pretty cool in that it adds to that sense of panic trying to assess what's going on, but after the 3rd/4th time of it happening it becomes a little old hat and annoying.Visually the game looks good, obviously corridors can get a bit repetitive however in the grim darkness of the future most people don't know anything else (in some cases they don't even know they are in a ship :)  ), They do well to give a sense of scale when you move into a more open area.I do like that your Termi's don't die from one slash of a Stealers claw like they did in SpaceHulk, though in intense battles you can get pretty annoyed when your NPC medic is so strict to heiarchy will let everyone die including himself when sat on heals.In summary- Playing with mates, I can see the appeal. Think Gears of War horde mode, if you liked that get some mates to get this together.- If you are after single player, probably best to avoidAnd for those who like my beer scales for games.I got a little under 2 hours of game play from this before I realised it just wasn't for me. At £25 that's short a few pints worth of gameplay.Thankfully saved by a refund, so not a disaster"
76561198009696593,Recommended,298900,32847716,Posted: 27 June,all,Lightgrace,"Been holding on to get this game because of the bad reviews.Finally gotten it on sales.  Well, the long load time was fixed, loading is on par with other FPS.  Graphic and combat are nice, and I think this should be in the category of 'Very Positive' game at this stage.Range weapon with melee ability and CD powers without the need of switching makes the combat so much better and fluid compared to many other genre, even better than Doom.I am not a big fan of Warhammer, so I think that makes this game more acceptable to me.  If you are fan of L2D, play this, unlimited ammo, shooting at melee hordes come smashing on your bullets, ye."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395422,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written article belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/nkqSLDBt0PgTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSIONSpace Hulk: Deathwing is FPS set in the Warhammer 40k universe that can be played with online co-op, and as a single player campaign as well.The campaign starts off well with some incredible voice acted dialog during the opening cutscene. It got me super pumped up to go on my first mission, and gave me high hopes for the rest of the story. You play as part of an elite squad of Space Marines from the Deathwing of the Dark Angels chapter. You are dispatched on missions to investigate Space Hulks that are swarming with enemies.There are 5 different classes to choose from, and each class has its own guns and special abilities. There are 9 chapters to choose from, and each one can be played solo or in co-op. As you move from one objective to the next in each mission, you are swarmed by enemies from both close range and far.As you play in co-op matches, each character starts at level 1 every time, and as they get kills, they level up to unlock other abilities and/or different weapons specific to their class. The online co-op matches are hosted by other players, and can be played with 1-4 players. You can also turn on friendly fire in this mode. Although, I don’t think it’s a good idea when playing with random people.In the single player campaign, you and your squad of AI companions complete the same missions that are available in the co-op. You’ll need to give your companions orders through the tactical menu to get them to do things for you, such as hacking or healing. I played the first two missions with the AI, and I found it frustrating. The AI is nowhere near as good as a player, and it can also be very dumb. For example: unless you command it to stay still, the AI will just walk in front of turrets, and take tons of damage for no reason.Accessing the tactical menu breaks your combat grove. You can issue orders with the mouse, or with hotkeys. Either way, you’ll probably take damage needlessly while you stand there for a few seconds. I prefer using hotkeys, but they feel awkward (the keys to order the apothecary to heal himself or another AI requires you to move your hand across the keyboard to hit 9 or 0, and can't be customized).Pros:ranged combat and abilities feels good to usethe online co-op has the potential to be enjoyable, and offer more some replay valuethe progression system in the single player campaign is good, and let's you customize your squad; there are also collectibles to be found in this modegraphically, the game looks great with excellent environments, and Terminators that look totally badassincredible voice actingmusic and sound effects are fine, and they don’t really stand out as being good or bad either wayCons:melee attacks seem clunky and delayed, and not all that satisfying to usethe chapters seem to be the same each and every time as far as enemy spawns go, which can get dull after a while (more randomization is needed to keep things fresh and interesting)the co-op since launch still encounters fatal errors (in every match I tried actually, so I wasn’t able to complete a single co-op match because of this.)after crashing or disconnecting, you can’t always join back on the server you were on, or resume the play if you were hostingperformance is seriously lacking: when there are a lot of enemies on screen, there are frame drops are significant, and even with just some mobs, it’s still not possible to maintain a steady 60fps (Win10, i7-6700k, GTX 1070, 32GB RAM)the AI can be very dumb sometimes, and you will need to micromanage them at times - having to open a tactical menu is disruptive to the combat(nitpick) some of the keybindings are not customizable (i.e. the 9 & 0 to order the AI to heal), and are sometimes awkward and inconvenient to use; there is no controller support right now, but controller support will likely be implemented in the future before the game releases on console in early 2017(nitpick) the zoom is a toggle only, as it feels cumbersome when enemies close in on you, and you can’t just quickly melee them (hopefully, they add a hold to zoom option)(nitpick) landing close range or melees kill causes blood on screen that completely blocks your vision temporarily (blood splatter is good, but it should be toned down to just splash effects instead of total vision impairment)I played about 6 hours in the multiplayer beta, and roughly 3 hours since launch before I submitted a refunded request.Conclusion:Space Hulk: Deathwing looks great, and certainly has potential, but it’s still got some of the issues that plagued the multiplayer beta. It’s extremely frustrating to experience fatal errors, or server disconnects while playing co-op. Being unable to rejoin the same game after crashing is a major issue. Playing with the AI is not as enjoyable as playing with real players either. Not to mention the poor optimization that the game currently suffers from. I hope they can address some of the problems this game has in a timely manner. Until then though, it’s probably a good idea to hold off for now.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also see this first impressions article on my websitehere."
76561198021992691,Recommended,298900,34777435,Posted: 6 September,all,Bob O,Had a rough launch for some but its a very solid game now.Best to play with friends tho
,Recommended,298900,31669620,Posted: 10 May,all,Pixel Skull,"The game has alot of wasted potential. Now after saying that , this game has THE BEST feelings you can get as a warhammer fan. You are a hulking tank in a space hulk, every ship hulk you board DOES feel so different from the other one,  the attention to details is amazing and the sounds the space hulks make is just catching  and mind blowing! The singleplayer is very good from the dialog to the missions layouts. The multiplayer is where people give this game ""hate"" but to be honest the dev team is *for a change* working on the game instead of giving up on it! which is very nice nowdays , they are adding new game modes and cant wait for the upcoming patches!"
,Recommended,298900,32789675,Posted: 25 June,all,Gemanoneko,"This is a very close one. Recommended to 40K fans only.- Even after update 6, game is full of bugs. Had to restart the missions in single player, because tooltips\dialogues\hacking interface stayed on the screen, rendering the game unplayable. Or AI companions were getting stuck in walls, passages and other places...- The gamepad support is poorly realised (I suspect that it's a not native, but Steam support and in this case it is pretty playable). If it's going to consoles in this state, console gamers will be angry.- Maps are huge and very repetative.- Enemies are all very similair. Most of them are the same - only the size is different.- There is almost no story - just a generic campaign about hulks, geneseeds, Tyranids and blowing things up.- no bosses. Broodlord is not a boss - just a rare type of enemy.- Plasma cannon is the best gun. I equipped it once I got it and never switched to any other weapon (except trying them out for fun)- melee-only builds are uselessBUT the graphics and art direction are gorgeous and game gets the 40K atmosphere right. Also have some neat 40K lore. So, if you're a fan, get it on discount. Maybe.All other gamers - move along - nothing to see here..."
76561197989807127,Not Recommended,298900,28383030,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Flightles,"DO NOT BUY FOR MULTIPLAYER!! (or in my opinion singleplayer) This is not vermentide or anything close to it.they straight lied that multiplayer is a core part of the game multiplayer was a complete 2nd thought.No progression, bad P2P (if the host DC's game over for everyone)Static spawn mobs (i have no clue why closing/locking doors is even in the game when there are no wandering packs)Host of multiplayer cant change his loadout or use his new guns or the game crashes.level and weps reset eveytime you fiinish a ""chapter"" (1-3 levels) so why put in locks on weapons and abilitys anyways.Difficulty is odd and spiky. Why play on the mode where everything shots you if there is no progression or ability to use the classes complete toolkit you unlocked on the easier difficulty?FPS lag, jitterClunky controls/looks (i know your a 10000 pound space marine but still melee and animatioons look odd/feel unresponsive)AI hit recognition on you is weird. (you can die from soemthing attcking you from the side/back making no noise and your screen doesnt shake)Ive read what people are saying in the fourms that the single player is the only reason to buy this game but it was marketed for Multiplayer, me and my buddies loved vermentide and are FPS players/warhammer fans so i was practically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself waiting for this game.I gave single player a small chance and it was just the same !@#$ing thing as multiplayer with bots who are stupid as !@#$.. the medic bot cannot heal you unless you tell it too... are you kidding? i have to hold spacebar while getting attacked move my mouse and click through the many options and click heal me please all while not accidentally issuing another command/healing the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bot?Do. Not. Buy.until patchedSome of the game feels great.. the guns feel heavy and you do feel like your a moster plowing though aliens. the effects are great (bullet holes are huge fire ripples out of the holes)  and the gore is dope but i cannot say so anyone yeah its totes worth playing the 1st mission 6 times because you or a buddy/random crashed the game..."
,Not Recommended,298900,30516568,Posted: 14 March,all,Kit,"Honestly, its not worth the money.1) Co-Op campaign has no cinematics and a lot of the story removed.2) The levels are the same. Once youve completed it, your done.3) Zero replayability."
76561197996925097,Recommended,298900,28420108,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Luxe,"Awesome! Epic! Fantastic!If you're a fan of the Warhammer universe you have to play this game! The atmosphere and attention to detail within the space hulk is spectacular! Please do not be quick to judge this game...I'm speaking from my experience playing the campaign and not the multiplayer mode. To avoid performance issues, I would recommend that you have at least an i5 or i7 multi-core processor and a decent GPU. For the price you can’t go wrong and future patches will hopefully resolve the reported issues."
76561197961054409,Not Recommended,298900,28439188,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sparhawkian,"The game has the atmosphere done perfectly - claustrophobic, you feel bulky, and the swarms of enemies in small corridors definitely work well towards what would make a great Space Hulk: Deathwing game. But the rest of it is just awful.Glitches, bad game design choice... For example, there's a good number of collectibles, however, you don't get anything for them. They all just go on a mannequin, and you don't get to use any of them (like weapons, armor, etc), nor do you get any lore related to the items.If you're a big Warhammer 40k fan, just pass on this one. It was a letdown."
,Not Recommended,298900,29259062,Posted: 14 January,all,Set Nezar,"I love Warhammer 40k Universe, and this is one of those few game which capture the oppressive and dark feeling of such universe. Artistically, this game is a 10/10, all the scenery and details are awesome. But the gameplay is so bad that it hurt me. There is no interaction with the environment at all apart from ""press button"". You have a lot of types of enemies (pretty well designed) but you always fight them in the same way, they didnt utilize at all the different weapons to give you a reason to change weaponry from mission to mission (no weaknesses or effectiveness at all).Apart from tyranids, they have turrets (built by the Space Marines) that for some reason attack the player (I was... wtf? they should automatically shoot the tyranids which are the intruders here). In the end, you will play 9 ""different missions"" that will feel the same over and over.The personalization of your character lets you only choose weapon and psychic abilities. You will get relics and piece of equipment that for some reason doesnt have any lore or explanation. You just get a relic and you unlock a beautiful and useless design. For your companions, the personalization is worse if possible. One of them is bound to be the apothecary, with 3 or 4 different weapons, and the other one, more damage oriented have at most 8 different combinations of equipment.Apart from all the technical failures, you have a not so great history, without exploiting the rich universe of Warhammer 40k, or any lore based on the Angels of Death (this game Chapter).I do not recommend this game, for those people who are looking for a good game. If you want to get an artistically-well-done visit to the Olethros, and you dont mind paying whatever this game cost the moment you are looking to buy it, then go ahead. But do not buy this game, expecting to enjoy it.I'm so sad that this game will be such a missed opportunity for the franchise...."
,Not Recommended,298900,28429791,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,marcel0s,"Tried only co-op. We attempted to finish the first chapter 5 times. Game crashed eventually 4 times, sometimes when accessing inventory sometimes for no reason at all. Healing was clunky as hell and it didn't always work. Disappearing models (when you get close) didn't help either.I was hyped beyond belief for this game... didn't expect it all to fall to pieces like this. Huge disappointment.Purchased in preorder -> Refunded -> Will consider rebuying if it's fixed"
76561198097978036,Not Recommended,298900,29024275,Posted: 4 January,all,Vapid Mollusk,"I am strongly biased towareds warhammer games. I happilly put up with eternal crusade, but this, this is unplayably bad. Disapointed in strumon studios."
,Recommended,298900,28367650,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sly Rambo,"Holy Terra this game doesn't deserve the bad rep that its getting.Admittedly I don't see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this game but I am really enjoying myself so far. The game isn't even that expensive.It's dripping with atmosphere and I personally find the gameplay bang on for what it's trying to achieve. The unlocks come at a steady pace with varied weaponry. The squad reacts well to danger and stays together (no suicidal charges).I haven't tried multiplayer yet but thats because I want to explore and drink in the space hulks scenery and find the (very nice) collectibles. The allied AI seems pretty capable and is always watching the rear, which is good in Space Hulk!In my opinion this game is a 40K game for fans. If your not a Warhammer 40K fan then you will enjoy it alot less than someone who appreciates the little touches with the lore and setting. Even so it's still a pretty solid Co Op shooter with good exploration.I rate this game Codex approved.(Edit) I have had no issues with running the game. No frame rate problems. My rig is not the best by any stretch of the imagination."
76561197971927838,Not Recommended,298900,29272384,Posted: 15 January,all,Welsh Hill Billy,"I'd love to recommend this game, but the technical issues have ruined it. Gameplay is good, story line is good, but unfortunately I've only managed once to play for more than 30 minutes in one stretch without a crash.Released to early and sorely disappointing because of it.Tried all the usual fixes nothing works, even went as far as to clean install my whole system to no avail."
76561197961280218,Recommended,298900,31347394,Posted: 24 April,all,Mojopin,"Faithfully recreates the atmosphere and strategy of the boardgame and is great fun playing co-op with friends. Good use of the radar, doors, choke points and planning your route feel very rewarding when you pull off a succesful mission.The game has improved significantly since release and I would recommend it."
76561198024097340,Not Recommended,298900,29351653,Posted: 18 January,all,wolf-ferrari,"I really wanted to give this game a decent go, but even after the last 'hotfix'...none of the performance issues have been fixed. I run a gaming laptop and this game is just buggy as hell, including poor start up loading and menu display."
76561198019219227,Recommended,298900,33249942,Posted: 4 July,all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"Just got done playing with my real life friends.Thats the way to do it!Most fun I have had playing a PC game in a while.My PC's  5800 series  video card does not even meet the minimum requirements and yet the game runs on a scale of 1-10 as a solid 8/9.So good in fact, I am tempted to raise the graphics settings higher from low, but in the end I left the settings where they are at (low), as it looks fine.Those with newer systems that can set the graphics higher are in for a treat, my friends say it looks INCREDIBLE at higher settings.The only funky thing about the game is how CODEX mode and non-CODEX mode work.For that you have 2 choices and neither are perfect, but that is for you to decide which one you and your friends like better.I recommend thiis game simply because its FUN and FEELS like Warhammer 40K. especially ""Space Hulk"".This game FEELS like a warhammer 40K game! Unlike one other Warhammer 40K game which I wont mention but everyone knows about.HINT: Warpy and the beard.A friend of mine who I have gamed with since 2009, recommended this game to me despite the mixed reviews, but I trust his judgement more than the posted reviews of people I dont know.So glad I purchased this game, but now I want to play more!I will have to set aside some time to play!"
,Recommended,298900,34233745,Posted: 14 August,all,Rydiak,"This game is a blast.  Other than some annoying (but not game-breaking) bugs, which have been slowly receiving attention from the developers, this game is about as visceral and immersive as you can get in the WH40k universe.  Very few things in gaming are more satisfying than letting a Psy ability loose down a hallway, incinerating a horde of Genestealers, or letting loose with an Autocannon and delivering the Emperor's might to the xenos.  I eagerly await the ""Enchanced"" version the developers have been planning."
,Recommended,298900,33679738,Posted: 20 July,all,Weisshail,"While the game had a shoddy, seemingly rushed launch, since then it has undergone many changes and had plenty of updates both to fix many of the issues it was having, as well as adding much more content to the game. It was fun, if not quite a bit clunky at first, but nowadays it's much more fun and stable.I recommend playing it with friends, as the multiplayer is rather empty, or at least annoying with randoms, but the singleplayer is totally worth a run through, especially if you're the type to search for all of the collectables."
76561198067033980,Recommended,298900,34826150,Posted: 8 September,all,Rodien,"It's a fairly good game I would say. However, it is only enjoyable or good if:You are not looking for a complex shooterHave friendsCan simply enjoy a big dumb shooter or hack and slash gameIf you go in with no expectationsYou are just looking for the fun and thrill of being a space marine or a first person shooter set in the Warhammer 40K enviormentOf course, there are technical issues, every now and then it may lag (which isn't all that bad) or I may get into menu inception in which case I have to restart. Overall though it isn't that bad."
,Not Recommended,298900,28530966,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,tytons,"At launch this game is really unoptimized, FPS is all over the place, random crashes and frequent crashes when playing co-op. Menu area somehow feels sluggish, this is probably due to optimization.Gameplay wise feel boring, you're either walking around alot trying to solve the puzzle with nothing to kill or facing a horde all of a sudden. Not everyone's cup of tea. If you're not really into the lore of 40K the storyline would not really interest you as well."
,Not Recommended,298900,28440875,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[Lc]Gen.Ahab,"As a 40k fan, I was extremely excited for this game when I first heard about it. However, that excitement gave way to apprehension during the beta, which felt far too unpolished for the stage it was being present as being at. Now that I have played the full release, I can see that the apprehension I felt during the beta was entirely justified, having suffered one fetal error and 3 major, game breaking bugs within my first hour of multiplayer play. Take this from one 40k fanatic to another: DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. It is an unpolished cluster-fudge that is not deserving of the cost, and the development team should be ashamed to have released such a subpar, unpolished product at such a price. If you TRULY want this game, I would ask you to wait for a few months before purchasing. With any luck the development team will have finished their game by then."
76561197970774021,Not Recommended,298900,28392023,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Scorchio,"I was looking forward to this game as I enjoyed vermintide and I was hoping for some 40k Coop action. Unfortunately, the game is very mediocre in many ways..- Poor performance (rushed out the door with no optimisation)- AI command wheel (SP) slow and is very basic.- AI of your teammates in general is poor vs the monsters- Weapons seem underpowered and are not able thin the hordes on med/high difficulty.- total lack of melee combat options.- No Coop campaignOverall, the game feels like it is still in beta and could of used another year of development. I think Focus really need to drop the 40K license and move onto their own IP. Every time the release a 40K game, I have been disappointed with the lack of design, content, gameplay and optimisation."
76561198078493327,Recommended,298900,31551589,Posted: 4 May,all,Murl0cke,+ It works now! (for me at least)+ developement path will make this replayable+ You get to BURN things- needs more people- few annoying bugs still exists
76561197993275712,Not Recommended,298900,29329607,Posted: 17 January,all,angrytrex,"Wait till it goes on super sale.They capture the atmosphere well, but the gameplay and feel of wearing terminator armor is weak.There's 100's of little complaints that could be made, but my biggest one is how vulnerable they are to assault rifle bullets.  Even looking past the disconnected feeling of the combat, this is just silly at best.It would probably be more fun just touring the space hulk, which is very well detailed, without the fail combat."
76561198116504899,Recommended,298900,33002963,Posted: 29 June,all,Donald Draper,"Bought this game  in spite of the mixed reviews. I think it's absolutely ******* great!Great graphics, great atmophsphere, and i do feel like a tank walking around in terminator armour spraying everthing that moves with unforgiving lead. DIE DIE DIE"
76561198083913262,Not Recommended,298900,30135516,Posted: 23 February,all,Rejected_Son,"Been playing around on this game for 26 hours now. I trudged through the single player experience with my incompitant AI companions and weapons that felt amazing until their bullets deflected off larger enemies. I poured rounds, missed point blank melee attacks and watched as my psychic abilities did little to nothing to the enemies. I finally sprinted through the final chapter *Spoilers ahead* I switched on the plasma drives to overload, a small teleport sequence and then boom! The ship explodes, then nothing. Wait, what? NOTHING?! After all of the genestealers, little plot twists in the story for the fallen genestealer cult and everything else and then there is nothing?! No final explanation, no watching the tyranid hive ships blow up in glorious fashion ((They are nearby after all and should have been in range for the explosion acording to the radio sequence.)). But no, silly me.Half way through campaign I delved into multiplayer. What I got was a massive dissapointment, same thing as single player with the exception that you had humans helping you. What a major relief to! *Sarcasm* Most of the time I felt as if we were trying to cheese the game with strategies that the AI couldn't work around. The level up system was garbage, and the class selections were anything but amazing. In short, terrible multiplayer.Why did I waste my money on this game? If I wanted crappy AI, horrible multiplayer and a non existant level up system for a single mission I'd play left for dead versus mode. At least the Game doesn't bug out every time something shivers the wrong way."
76561197985343179,Not Recommended,298900,28497834,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Souly,"Hey all,I cannot say this is a good game. This game dearly needs some patches to work right.Do not misunderstand me please. The graphics are good and the maps ( I saw) are wonderful but thereare some issues I want to recommend.Singleplayer Issues:- After hacking a Weapon system the game thinks it is a good idea to reset my weapon set up- Open the map and return your Bot fellows won´t work with the Keyboard order right- Your Bot comrades are stupid (No use of melee weapons, stand in your way...)Multiplayer Issues:- Finding a ""LAN"" match with the button that was mentioned for it you find exactly the same servers that you findwithout clicking on it. So you don`t find the LAN session.- Even the game runs smoothly on singleplayer the multiplayer crashs while I want to open my ""Multiplayer Inventory"" asthe host- Multiplayer Servers crashs too often at all. (Not my full experience but finding server which are called ""Praise the emperor....plz don´t crash again"" or something like this let me feel I am not the only one)At the end I hope they find their problems and can repair them, that we all can enjoy a really nice Space Hulk experienceand killing some of these stupid Genestealers. And do not forget:The Emperor protects but a loaded Bolter never harms ;)With Best RegardsSoulyP.S.: English is not my mother tongue so be patient please :)"
76561198040806840,Recommended,298900,31308238,Posted: 22 April,all,BEARJew,Recent patches have made this game a lot more playable and has made it far more enjoyable.
,Recommended,298900,30865241,Posted: 31 March,all,Ahriman,"Enjoyable team based spaceship dungeonesque crawler with beautiful aesthetics and surroundingsextremely fun to play with friendsI only wish is that SP was also MP, or that MP had persistent character progress, i would like to play with friends on our fully decked out customized characters"
76561197987039282,Not Recommended,298900,28440252,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dr. Cousin Okri,"Game crashes far too often to recommend, especially in co-op. They didnt improve it at all form the technical beta or the open beta. This poor quality software enginnering is unacceptable in a $40 game.  Only buy if they patch it and it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,298900,28439268,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mampara,"Frame rate was low throughout all settings.Multiplayer would crash often, sometimes crash my Steam.Couldn't get into the game as it felt like there wasn't much to it, which is a shame considering all the lore and attraction of being a Terminator. The game made me feel like I shouldn't play any further feeling the experience wouldn't improve and the possibility of not getting a refund after first impressions.Might consider re-purchasing if they fix performance and give more insentive/depth for the actual gameplay."
,Not Recommended,298900,31647980,Posted: 9 May,all,Ashrai,"Still not finished, but a rough gem which could have a bright future. Nice core gameplay, but not yet a thumbs up.Here's a video about the state of the game:https://youtu.be/8QuiwCNnDPgIt performs a lot better now and will release as an enhanced edition on consoles in q4/2017. Update 5 added some randomized missions and we also have the heavy flamer now.I'll update this review once the enhanced edition releases."
,Recommended,298900,30443386,Posted: 11 March,all,Fulgrim,"I can recommend this - you get exactly what you can expect from a space hulk game: slow moving terminators explore a hulk, while getting ambushed again and again by gene stealers. You are definitely the one who is hunted here.  This is 100% true to lore, however this also means this game is 1) slow paced 2) lots of exploration 3) only one enemy roaster: gene stealers. I needed around 2-3 hours to adapt to the game coming out of titanfall 2. Once i adapted to the pace i really enjoyed it but i am a huge wh40k fan, so take this with a grain of salt. I never had any technical issues and game looks amazing."
,Recommended,298900,30184383,Posted: 25 February,all,Bones,"This game has so much potential and it still could become a thing of beauty.  It just needs more love from the Devs.This is a flawed masterpiece currently in both the single and co-op portions of the game as it lacks some obvious components, after all it is within the Warhammer Universe - give us history/story/unique characters/heroics/drama/hope/dispair/sacrifice/mystery/mission options/skill tree/alternative objectives/random events/bonus♥♥♥♥♥♥- we all love collecting crap don't we.Will the Devs be able to fix these shortcomings, only time will tell, but I'm sure as hell not prepared to look negatively on what's currently on offer.Give the Devs a chance to continue their dream !"
76561198003686142,Recommended,298900,30782878,Posted: 27 March,all,Legio I,"I'll just say this: if you're really into WH40k, you'll love it. Atmosphere and design are 100% WH40K-ey. If you like CoD and Battlefield, you won't like it. I want to ask the devs - more singleplayer missions in future dlcs (I hope you'll make some), pls! They are extremely tense and atmospheric, but there are only 9 of them. And an ability to replay the campaign with upgraded character. Also it would be great to have a spectator-mod - no action, only long sightseeing flights through all these magnificent halls, churches and manufactorums. They are extremely great!"
,Recommended,298900,31784238,Posted: 16 May,all,Torchwick,"I love the game, looks great plays great but i find the campaign is a bit short and multiplayer's only really any fun if you're with friends, so if you're planning on getting this one i'd maybe ask a mate to get it too if they're into 40k or space hulk"
,Not Recommended,298900,28490144,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheMajesticHer( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Esy,"Nah, not good.-No bots to assist as comrades (if you don't have 3 other friends to play/have only 1, it will be nothing but a final stand.) Though I've been told thatyou get more buds in the campaign. Dunno. Starting as solo cosplayer in space hulk =/= fun. I had more ""fun"" in co-op. Though for the reasons stated here, that fun is as questionable as GW's choice to make Sigmar Marines. #truestory-Tutorial fools you into thinking your formidable. No. You won't plow through crowds of Xenos. You will be terminated by them. Actually, yes. Do try to run at crowds. Make your misery short and sweet. You aren't a tank.-Classes heavily nerfed (useless, most of them. Medics feel meh at first lvl. Weapons feel lackluster. No difference in battle in effectiveness, only in asthetics. What damage you think you and your weapon are doing =/= actual effectiveness of weapon.)-Long loading times.You may think that how slow you are relates to how tough you are. You are sorely mistaken.You are not the Emperor's might. You are his reject.You are the pawn that is to die for the more important terminators.You are slow, clunky, and weak.Death respawn timer is 20 seconds. Good luck having a teammate (if you have a friend who owns this game, if not you're on your own) hold out against a horde of Xenos as you attempt to hack into the turret above before it kills you. Spoiler:He won't hold out, and every stray shot that pings off your ""Terminator armor"" will rattle your rocks and rip you from your map screen in a swift stroke of death.In truth, as of writing this, this is how combat feels. You have the stats of a gene-stealer, the Xenos have the stats of terminators (as a horde). They keep coming, they keep spawning. You can't keep coming, and you take a while to spawn, run, and do anything to negate the low health/tank-iness you have been bestowed with against your expectations. There is no progression so you will always be a soft, squishy, plushy in the form of a Terminator, not an actual Terminator. The melee weapons have an effective range shorter than the models and the badass weapons of the Imperium do not feel badass.Before you purchase this game, keep this thought with you.You are not a Terminator.THERE IS NO MARIACHI MUSIC.You are a cosplayer (with friends, hopefully) who, in his foam armor, nerf guns, and flashlights, has been mistaken to be the Emperor's finest and must now fight Xenos for real.Now go forth and suffer for the Emperor!"
76561198028636300,Recommended,298900,31329009,Posted: 23 April,all,Nohead,"WARNING: I advise to buy this game only on sale. And if you into WH.UPDATE: with soon to be raeleased UPDATE online mode will introduce many good things so everything better than expected.+ This game has gorgeus atmosphere and nice detailed maps.- Whole 7 of them. Kek. And there is only around 7~9 notable exploration situations (where you find something interesting like logs, coded engravings, rooms where something happened)+ Gameplay is ok and game is as fun as Spacehulk game could be. Lets face it: Spacehulk games always was boring♥♥♥♥♥♥ And this is a huge step for this genre to be actually entertaining and beautiful.- There is no situations that make you appriciate Hacking, comands or door locking. You can command your team but it wont give you real advantage, you can hack turrets but it rarely rewards you, you can block\unblock doors but if you roaming without a guide it will result in lots of time wasted and lots of doors and turrets broken.+ Game is faithful to the lore.- Well thats a way to limit your game. Basicly only Librarian is customizeable (in main campaign). Apotecary MUST run with his healer drill and Devastator can choose between 4 weapons 2 of them is viable. Librarian (you) can customize his loadout but there is only like 4 viable builds (1 mage 3 shoting things guy). Leveling up is underwhelming (in main campaign, online will be updated). Psychic abilities are undewhelming for Epistolary rank.I have a feeling that game was rushed. Deploy hub is empty and avaible only before missions. Lists of enemies and relics placed on map menu. Characters lack customization and leveling has weird stuff in it. I suppose that Deploy Hub was planned to be a real Hub from which you could do stuff, see your progerss, collectables and level up but it all was canned so they just placed stuff on map and in results screen and released the game.So. Again if you want this game - buy it on sale. It doesn't cost its conent (YET). But can be very enjoyable in what it have and constantly updated."
76561198070708391,Recommended,298900,30401774,Posted: 8 March,all,Sethclanclan,"Despite the overwhelming negative reviews, I believe this game is decent for its cost.  The campaign mode is fun the first play through in its own right, and the different skill set trees and hidden relics account for additional replay value.As for Multiplayer, the devs still have some bugs and common crashes to work out and a bit of work to do, but it's nothing they can't overcome as long as they keep up the good work.  Multiplayer is good fun, though the Apothocary is all but mandatory in your team and often no one wants to be them due to their extremely limited weapon options; this means you'll be holding the bag if no one budges, or the game isn't going to last long without time-consuming respawn breaks.If you're impatient and want a great game -now-, pass on this for several months and check back later.  If you're willing to wait and help the devs make an okay game on its way to being great, take a jab at this and have a bit of fun."
76561198159985273,Recommended,298900,31484239,Posted: 1 May,all,Manolonation,"This would be a great game if there was sufficient budget. Now it's a just a very good game and definetely people who love 40K will enjoy killing xenos. It's unfortunate that the relics had no impact besides ""xp"" and that the ending cinematic was a bit dissapointing. Would recommend for fans of 40K."
,Recommended,298900,31794448,Posted: 16 May,all,Luthander,love the first run through. after that not much replayability for me. Multi player is fun a couple of times with friends on hardest levels with friendly fire. but again not much replayability after that. worth the money for but its a play once on single player and a once run through for multi player as well.
,Not Recommended,298900,28676514,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rayner the Almighty,"Dont bother until they fix FPS problems, lore problems, gameplay problems..."
76561198042410941,Not Recommended,298900,35080560,Posted: 20 September,all,comrade atin,"Oh boy, where should i start?First of all, by the time writing this review, i have not played further than chapter 4. I think thats about 1 and a half to 2 hours gameplay, the rest of the time i have spent troubleshooting. But step by step.This game looks really good. Artstyle and details are pure Warhammer 40k. You really get the feeling of exploring an abandoned Space Hulk. I could spend hours looking at every little detail of my teammates armor or the high-gothic architecture of the different spaceships.That said, they dont look like different spaceships.Sure, every once in a while you get a different room or the architecture changes from wide and open to more functional/industrial looking enclosed spaces, but thinking back i cant really remember what the differences between the missions where or what i even did.Yeah, there was one cool looking room with a large bell in the middle, i think they showed that in the trailer, and at one point i had to hold an area against 2 or 3 waves of enemies, but thats it. No real setpieces so far or a noteworthy enemy.As i said the map in itself looks great. Everything is stuffed with little details, dead bodies, purity seals, weapons laying around, blocked doors, etc.But everything is static. You can find some collectables, block some doors or hack a turret. You even have unlimited ammo for your weapons so you dont have to look for ammunition packs (which propably makes kind of sense lorewise), but that makes it dull. You just dont look at it anymore. Aside the occasional fake-wall with a collectable behind hit or a computer screen with some story information there is absolutely nothing that you have to care for. And things look cool only so often.The mapdesign is okay. Every mission is another spaceship in the Hulk that has different objectives to it. You can move freely and choose your own way through it, but the objectives usually lead you through most parts of the ship. Open spaces and confined corriders are well mixed and there is little to no backtracking. Sometimes you can enter a room twice but thats mostly through different doors and a different part of the room.The only thing i could complain here is that you can see enemy attack directions and spawn locations on your minimap. That is not really part of the mapdesign, but it works actively against it. A good part of the tension gets lost when you know when and where an enemy will attack.The weapons are pretty nice. Everything packs a good punch and the soundeffects are good as well. Slicing enemies with a sword or punching them to pulp with a power fist looks great, feels great and is great.However.This game is a technical mess. Not as bad as other titles, but a mess nonetheless. The Discussions are full of people having technical issuses, there are numerous game-breaking bugs and all sorts of other things that make it unpleasant. I have not touched multiplayer yet because my game kept crashing at random points. It got better after reinstalling my gpu drivers but still occurs every once in a while. i have my taskbar on the left side of my screen, which causes an offset between the cursor and its actual position in the game after alt-tabbing out. there is a pop-up box describing the effect of skills that you can choose. but that description box is outside of my screen, and only every first letter is visible. My workaround? get a second monitor, change the game to windowed, pull it so that you can read what is outside of my screen, and the write down what the skill-description says. Great.And the best part? those are just my bugs. i have not even encountered most of the other bugs that people tell about. things like crashing in multiplayer when you press 'i' for your inventory.It is really sad. There went clearly a lot of effort into this game, and it struggles to deliver on the most important level. You cant enjoy a game if you cant play it. As it is right now, i cant recommend Space Hulk: Deathwing. If you want to pay 40bucks for a singleplayer/coop horde shooter/slasher, look at Payday 2 or Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide. Payday 2 hast the most content and gunplay, Vermintide has great maps and meele combat.I'll try to finish the singleplayer campaign and look at the multiplayer. If necessary i am going to update this review afterwards.As a last thought: Im optimistic that this game gets into a better state. Maybe not tomorrow, and propably also not next month. But 'To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor.'"
76561197962207750,Recommended,298900,28407175,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,-CF- Boris_Johnson,"FIVE POINTS;● This is not all of 40K, it is a licence of a single tabletop game*● In that board game, Terminators fill the corridors, so the squad can't all fire at once, especially with FF on.● So in real time it's a game of anticipating the attacks via radar and having the right type of weapons in the right place.● Played in this way, it's a brilliant FPS version of the tabletop game; stunning graphics and very challenging.● Played on easy, it's boring and repetitive.*which was lovingly recreated in two turn-based games by Full Control Studios, also highly recommended Space Hulk experiences"
76561197970639512,Not Recommended,298900,28531261,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Warlok,"It is the end of 2016 at the time of this writ. Space Hulk: Deathwing was anticipated by my group for some time, diehard cooperators as we are. The incredibly atmospheric results of the development wait were not quite adequate.Deathwing looks amazing. The Space Hulk you adventure within is an incredible creative map-making achievement. The game itself leaves something to be desired. Rating this a thumbs-up or thumbs-down is difficult from the perspective that the game succeeds at precisely re-creating the tabletop game, which unfortunately - particularly from the first-person co-op perspective - has little depth.The interaction and combat is simplistic: point your Terminator Marine in the direction from whence *any* enemy comes, no matter its nature, and hold down the fire button. If they get close, tap the melee button. Make sure the Medic heals everyone. Thats it for tactics. There needs to be more.The environment and the story is good, the mythos is wonderful. You feel like mean SOBs in heavy Terminator power armor. Put on your tactical mitts and enjoy.Much empathy for the developers, because this superlative effort succeeds in personifying the Space Hulk tabletop game. That game however may not have been the greatest idea for an fps.Will keep tabs on this as the months go by, in case depth of play is added. Awards for level building (!). I cannot applaud nor condemn this effort. I would simply not recommend it versus better, deeper co-op fps experiences."
76561198022950890,Not Recommended,298900,30524139,Posted: 15 March,all,Gonkii,"No Bueno.Why can't there be any good 40k games? :(      (Edit: I meant to say recent/new 40k games. i love me some Space Marines and Dawn of War)This game just screams unfinished to me it should have baked for a lot longer. I feel like the game is very quiet and theres seems to be a lot of sounds missing from the game still, and the AI is pretty bad all running in like a single file line and sometimes just running in circles or just standing there.If the devs put in some work it could be a good game but right now it aint worth it at all to be honest in my opinion."
76561198005864269,Not Recommended,298900,32414461,Posted: 14 June,all,Terra Blade,"On one hand you get what the game is advertising, you get to step into the steel boots of a space marine and explore the derilect space hulk. While you don't move fast, you definetly feel like you are in the power armor of the space marines. The game looks good, and the game feels like it's in the 40k universe. So why don't I recommend it?Unfortunetly what the game DOESN'T tell you is that this is basically Left 4 Dead in the 40k universe. Which shouldn't be a problem other not only do all the corridors look almost the same but the map doesn't do much to help you out. In fact you get a little radar that at first looks like it would be useful in pinpointing where enemies are coming from, instead you get vague slices of pie that may or may not indicate where an enemy is coming from.Which leads to the biggest problem. The combat just doesn't feel good. Not only is the whole game dark, but the enemies are also dark, which makes them hard to pick out until they are basically swarming you. You do get some special powers to help control the battle, but for the most part I felt like I was just spraying and praying. None of the weapons felt like they were really any different from each other exept in how accurate the spray of bullets were. Melee just felt pointless, as you are a walking tank, and so must then walk up to the enemies that are shooting you which generally means losing a lot of armor.Finally there is the squad. While the AI squad is fairly competent in battle, the method of directing them basically boiled down to me just telling them to move to a location or follow me. Trying to tell them to lock doors was more trouble then it was worth, and telling them to defend felt redundent. Other than that you can tell the medic to heal you or team mates and you had a heavy weapons guy that was far more competant with them than I wasn and made taking such weapons feel redundant.Overall I wanted to like this game. The atmosphere was excellent, the weapons all felt accurate, and me being a 40k fangirl should have sealed the deal. But after two hours I was both bored with the repetative nature or frustrated that nothing I was doing felt like it was having much impact. Apparently the game is still getting updates, and hopefully someday I can re-pick this game up and rewrite this review in a more positive light."
76561197980762135,Recommended,298900,34911289,Posted: 12 September,all,CockTheHammer,- Warhammer 40K on FPS mode !- Outstanding  graphics Unreal Engine at its best !- Is nice to destroy Xeno's and see their guts all over the placeBut...- Start to be repetitive if you play alone- Better with at least 1 friend- A bit challenging if you play aloneIs like a tech demo than a full game with good story... Feels incomplete !
76561198120180761,Recommended,298900,30583639,Posted: 17 March,all,raining_bloodexe840,"I dont understand all the bad press this game gets as far as reviews go on here. Out of all the problems listed I have experienced none of them. No crashes, No frame rate drops, no loading issues, no technical issues. I LOVE THIS GAME! Ever since vermintide I have been eagerly waiting and hoping someone would make a 40k FPS. The gameplay is fun, the levels are beautiful and diverse, top notch detail, fun. I hope there will be more add on levels and missions coming out soon. If you havent picked this game up because its getting deadpanned on here, and you wont be running it on a toaster, I suggest giving it a shot."
76561198005879531,Recommended,298900,34922228,Posted: 13 September,all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"A lot of the negative reviews seem to point to everything that makes Space Hulk, well, Space Hulk.Giant suited Space Marine Terminators stomping around in cramped space ships all smashed together and infested with monsters.  If that's not what you're in to, this probably isn't for you.If you enjoyed the original FPS version from 1993, the Space Hulk board games, or any other Warhammer 40k titles (even Fire Warrior) take a look at this game."
76561198021950186,Recommended,298900,31528674,Posted: 3 May,all,"Tulip Sn!per, Eater of Orphans","If you're not a fan of WH40K, this game isn't for you. If you are a fan . . . this game is OK. Just OK. If has enviroments, character models, weapons and audio down to a T, the game really gets you into the feeling of being a badass space marine. The gameplay, however, is repetitive and leaves something to be desired. Enemies are numerous but generally weak, however their strength is in numbers and they tend to be overwhelming.The most redeeming part of this game is the multiplayer. Same story, but now you and 3 buddies can join in jolly xenos murdering! There is also online match-making, but good luck finding an open server in general.Conclusion: if you can get it on a discount and like WH40K, then I would recommend you buy it. Otherwise just give it a pass."
76561198107191131,Recommended,298900,31973850,Posted: 26 May,all,The man,"What's better than being a genetically perfected soldier in a suit of armour similar to a tank?I enjoyed the game a lot as a fan of the Horus Heresy novels.  Good fps and you feel like an astarte in a terminator armour suit.  Graphics and environments are art.They needed more 1-player dlc content and i looked for public open server on the multiplay and it was pretty quiet other than pssworded groups.  Also, having to fight only genestealers was a bit repetetive...throw in an eldar or a group of chaos marines maybe?No progression in the main storyline in the 40,000 universe in over a decade, what's the deal?  I want to see Failbaddon's (table-top game term as his arms fell off regularly or something) next moves.Will the emperor awaken in a new body or regenerate? Or will I die not knowing?...I'm mid-aged now.  All these questions."
,Recommended,298900,30835193,Posted: 30 March,all,E=MChammer²,"Not going to repeat the story that this game has issues, it does, but they are fewer by the week.  I may even hazard to call it playable if it weren't for my current campaign being stuck in a loop on the last chapter. I still have a blast playing the online Co-op which I have had little issue with. The main issues are with the campaign and it's AI, although decent I find it all but impossible to play on anything but normal difficulty (2 of 4) because of how easily your apothicary gets himself killed. Playing with friends in voice chat is glorious, and I think worth the money and the wait for this stupid thing to actually become stable."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365111,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,deimosAnomaly,"Wow.I'm so disappointed right now, that I'm actually writing a review. Was really looking forward to this game and hoped that it would be good. During the beta I had my doubts. And now I can see that this will be my first refund request.After installing the game I joined a coop match. About 15 minutes in to said match all the controls except for movement became unresponsive. I also experienced this during beta. There is nothing you can do except to exit the match. After that I fired up the tutorial which froze at the end.I mean what the actual fk? The only thing that seem to be improved is network related stuff, it was easier and faster to join a lobby and start a match, and it didnt disconnect me during the short playtime i had.I must admit the game does look good. But that's all it has going for it. The gunplay is uninspired, the melee is about smashing 1 button. Devs really shouldve looked at Vermintide. Oh and if we're here already, the fact that enemies always spawn at the same place and the same time will make the game boring pretty fast. An AI director would've helped a lot.I don't even have words for the UI. For beta it was okay, but seriously is that the best they could come up with?TLDR, it's a bugfest but even if it's fixed it cannot offer anything more than some shiny graphical realization of the 40K IP."
76561198134013477,Recommended,298900,28497558,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bootlegnewt,"this is the first review i have ever written for a game. i see so much negitivity in the comments and it saddens me. this truely is a beautiful game. its so much fun. i hesitated when i thought about perchasing it simply because of its poor reviews. but i havent had any problems. the game crashed once. but other than that i have been running it just fine. no frame rate drops. no screen tearing, no lagging, none whatsoever. though i do understand the distaste for die hard warhammer fans, it still is a wonderful game. the devs did a great job on the combat system. though i will say that mele combat has something to be desired. its slow. thats all. its hard to fight off a hoard when you swing once every five or six seconds. but the weapons are diverse for the limited selection, the story is great so far, the swarm ai is great, there have been plenty of times i have been overwhelmed becayse the enemies have ambushed me or have come out from under the sides of the brides. this game may not be for everybody, but i love it. it truely is a diamond in the rough. the only in game issues are, 1. sometimes after placing something or picking something up, it replaces your weopon with the basic bolter and force sword, 2. sometimes when you use the hot keys to give orders to your battle brothers they heal themselves eachother or you instead of barricading a dorr for example. but thats all ive really had an issue with. its a little irritating but it is what it is. i was hessitent to buy this game for 33 dollars but im glad i took a leap of faith and did it. it  was definently worth it. id rate it a 8.5-10. i hope this review helps, and i hope you have just as much fun playing is as i do."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393918,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,"MUMMY, I'VE GOT A QUESTION!?","I can see this game getting very boring, extremely quickly.If you want a warhammer inspired progression based co-op, play Vermintide instead, they did a much better job at this model."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387977,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ThiefLOL,"In a setting of incredible depth, and fantasy they manage to take the little magic and mirth that is left in 40k and turn it into a boring trudge through a space hulk. Flat voice acting, and poor integration of story elements leaves it pretty wanting.The game has a great aesthetic, and great level design, and if you're just looking for another swarm shooter to play with friends this game will good for you. It's mechanically solid with the exception of how dumb the AI allies are, and the fact that there is a Skill tree devoted to making them 'smarter'.I wanted a creepy action swarm shooter that would put me on edge, I got a swarm shooter that felt like a routine mission mission run. Swarm shooters really lose their sense of urgency when your a Space Marine."
76561198345330244,Recommended,298900,31728572,Posted: 13 May,all,Enslayve,"I just finished this game and felt like it really could use another good detailed review. So here we go people.I was interested in this game for a long time. followed a lot of it's marketing leading up to release. Then the game received very mixed reviews upon release and i was honestly kinda bummed out. So i just gave it some time. Bought it this week and played straight through it.First things first. I played exclusively on normal and that took me 12 hours. Which i think is a reasonable time for 40 bucks, i think that's ok, not stunning, but decent.I also played exclusively solo. Which i have to mention, since this is a left 4 dead style game. You can play it in coop with up to 3 other players.Playing solo, you always play the squad leader. Co op offers 5 different classes. every class is a little different from one another. The leader can use psychic power, the medic can obviously heal the squad, whilst the heavy weapon expert can use huge miniguns and such. These differences are not groundbreaking, but they do exist and it's definatly cool to jump into co op and play someone else aside the leader. And these different classes are characters and not just classes. They have different names, different voices, different armor, and sometimes even different viewpoints. And i thought this was a nice touch you know, give 'em a little bit of personality.As mentioned before, this game is very much made with left 4 dead in mind. So a lot of the gameplay includes walking from point a to point b with hordes of xenos attacking you from, sometimes, every angle. Whilst fighting off the hordes, you usually have to complete objectives of different nature. like activating this or that, holding a point, escort someone, straight up find something, blow something up. Things like these. And the game kinda doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥what you're doing. Xenos will still be all over your face no matter what. And things do honestly get really intense at times. Fighting a big boss and then realizing that there is another horde just flanking you at the exact same moment does really make your heart race. you will honestly just drown in enemies and blood at times.And killing these f'ckers is just too satisfying at times. The gunplay is really good. Huge miniguns just screeching and echoing through the huge halls of the spacehulk, piercing several enemies at once, inflicting visible wounds on them, that stay until you murder them. But for real though, enemies are getting wounded by your weapons and it does show.Piloting the terminators is a great experience in general. You are really tall, barely fitting through the tiny hallways of the spacehulk and the ground shaking below your heavy armor. you can easily smash in heavy steel doors and xenos do not stand a chance against a nice heavy powerfist to the face. The ui is epsecially immersive since it really captures how you would look out of a terminator suit.One thing i really have to stress is the level design in this game. It is incredibly well done. Immersive, beautiful, true to the source matetieal, diverse, packed with details. And so on and on and on. I honestly think that i never saw such an impressive space ship. It is honestly a must buy for every fan, only for this experience.But i gotta be honest, i don't know where this review is going, really. so I'll wrap it up with some pros and some cons.The remaining pros:-you unlock something new and cool after every mission, be it weapon or armor piece.-cool weapons-Customization of the squad mates-The game is diffucult, you can't rush through it. you will be punishedCons:-Clunky and unresponsive melee system-Ai mates don't heal themselves, you need to tell them to do so. Makes you feel like a babysitter at times.-Skill tree is kinda boring and uninspired.-Dissapointing final cutscene.Conclusion:Decent game that does not deserve the amount of hate it received. Fighting off xenos in the name of the emperor is awesome. And doing so in this stunning environment  really makes for a great time. If you like Wh 40k, buy this game.Performance issues are also resolved."
,Recommended,298900,33758161,Posted: 23 July,all,Midknight Battler,Visuals are 10/10. This is what Warhammer visuals should be. Not like Dawn of War 3.
,Not Recommended,298900,28385570,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Serv,"No progression or feeling of accomplishment in multiplayer. You just play maps and do the objectives, nothing is saved or carried over from map to map or saved in each of the classes you play. Linear and basic in terms of skill and weapon choices you can make against each class when you do make a choice in multiplayer. After gaining a level, if you enter your inventory to change weapon there is a good chance this will crash you out of the game with a fatal error. All this gets old VERY fast.This was NOT the case in single player where all talent, relic and skill choices were carried over from mission to mission. If this was in multiplayer then I would not be refunding this game. That single player game was what I wanted in the multiplayer. If they add these elements into the multiplayer section of the game it would add a lot more depth to each class and increase the players willingness to want to play and carry on the fight.Was hoping for a Vermintide style game in a W40K universe. This was not it."
76561198004497487,Recommended,298900,32425997,Posted: 14 June,all,Sooth Sayer,"It has come a long way from launch. Still not perfect, but shaping up to be a fun and interesting co-op shooter. If the devs keep working on the game as much as they have thus far for the next few months, this dimond in the rough, might finally get the polish and cut it deserves."
76561197994674609,Recommended,298900,28523206,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Herald_UK,"IT WORKS !I suppose I should still be more than a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥after grafting so hard as an unpaid, alpha/beta tester for a game that's taken quite a bit of time since release to become a functional working product. I wouldn't have minded, if only makersStreum Onhad been so polite as to ask, or at least come clean and specify that their game wasn't going to be ready on time. Instead of, ""Hey Herald want to buy our game that's out in December ?""....""Oh sure Streum On, I'll get that. I'm a hopeless case when it comes to all things 40K. I'll hit that buy button. Count me in"".""Well April Fools, It doesn't work #lololololololly etc"".So yeah, cheers Streum On for making my PC feel like it had all the processing power of a Commodore VIC20. Really appreciate that. Good one. So here we are, three months later and by gosh if they haven't gone and done it. But is it any good ?NyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaoooooooooooooooIndeed, time for the wibbly thumb of uncertainty to show it's tragically unrepresented face again (We really need one Steam.  You'd think with all the updates you inflict upon us, you'd at least give us afair to middlingoption one of these days).Don't get me wrong, there are elements that I completely adore about DEATHWING. But there are things that have been driving me up the wall too. What with your AI companions... Err well,AIin the single player campaign being completely inept and some of the weapons having more recoil than a five year old firing a water pistol on a bouncy castle. There's an awful lot to be getting frustrated about during your bouts of Space dungeoneering. Perhaps not too much to put you off the game entirely, but more than enough to have you screaming at the monitor (or TV if you're poshed out like that), in unwarranted exasperation.I would like to talk about the co-op element of DEATHWING a bit more, but seeing as half the community as yet don't appear to know how to turn the password protection off on the games they are running, my own co-op experience has been somewhat limited.But when you're not tearing your hair out trying to get a game with three other people. You can always tear your hair out traversing the levels with your wonderful NPC companions. Who, when the Genestealers aren't trying to kill you. You can pretty much bet that your Squad mates are. You have two NPCs to your team.Barachiel, a near psychotic who dreams of nothing but dying for the glory of the Emperor, is always disappointed when he survives and is the squads heavy weapons specialist (even though he's not allowed to be equipped with hardly any of the heavy weapons that the game has to offer). AndNahum, a baritoned Winston Churchill impersonator who also happens to double as the squad medic. Both have different rolls to play in the team and both have had advanced training in how to get under your feet, get in your way and generally ♥♥♥♥ your day up at every chance they get.For the Emperors' finest, trained in the art of combat and brutally conditioned to a life of following orders no matter how batshit crazy, violent or desperate. These two do sure seem to have a problem following a simple instruction. You tell them to ""Guard this bit"" or ""Go there"", and the first thing they'll do is wander off. Which on the harder difficulties when you're trying to keep a defensive line so you can survive a Genestealer onslaught. Can be somewhat impossible. As they'll not hesitate to wander away from their ordered location, leaving your flank exposed to a jolly good hammering. Then there's the curious action where you'll tell one of them to close and lock a door to stop an oncoming horde. And now and again they'll go through the door and lock themselves on the otherside, getting themselves sealed in and killed in the process. Not to mention when in a tight corridor, if you have one in front and one behind. They somehow have the abitlity to wander right through you in order to attack whatever is coming in whichever direction, making a rear guard action near impossible to maintain or just standing right in your firing line (Just like a real Co-Op player lol). But ask them to pass one another and you'll get to watch them dance around like a couple of grebes during mating season. As they desperately try to find their paths, ignoring all while the enemy decends upon you. By the end I had been reduced to giving Barry and Nate the psuedonyms ofLaurel and Hardy, because of their antics. But just likeGorkandMork, I could not tell you which one was which. From what I remember of the actual board game and from playingFULL CONTROLSexcellent PC versions. Space Hulk is pretty much all about getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥covered and your flanks watched so you can get through the map. Streum Ons iteration seems to have skipped this major detail, with often disasterous consequences for the player.The weapons probably aren't that much better either. Although chunky and well designed in looks, when your crosshairs are not bouncing around the screen like an E'd up club goer with a pogo complex, some just come across as damp squibs. The worst perpetrators of this bizarre recoil fetish, is certainly the Assault Cannon and its variant cousin, ""Vengeance"". And both are virtually useless over a certain distance. Really to the point where you're going to be struggling to hit anything with them unless the target is pretty much bang in front of you. Then there is the Plasma Cannon, which I am sorry to say has to be the worst representation of this wonderful weapon of any 40K videogame ever. Using this will not treat you to the explosive boom of eitherSH : AscensionorSpace Marines excellent interpretations. No, only a weak ""pew pew"" sound with a damppoofat the end of it. A real disappointment so it is. But this does swing the other way too with theHeavy Flamer, which has to be my all time favouritest weapon in any videogame EVER ! It is a truely marvelous spectacle, you can really see that liquid prometheum spill out everywhere, it's great. And then there's some other random made up, lore defying gumpf that I have to say, I do not really care for. There's some melee weapons on offer too, but the melee action is so unresponsive and laborious. Whether you'll be bothered to use them when you can just be raking bullets in every direction will be down to preference and resilience alone. I know I can't be bothered with them. Though in contrast, your squad mates do tend to survive much longer when armed for close quarters combat.Other than that, the atmosphere is spot on, it's deep, moody and the halls and meandering corridors feel genuinely ancient. The Genestealer design is perfection and the level design is a wonder to behold, even if they copped out by repeating FOUR out of the nine levels available.I can't say I am super impressed, but it's nowhere near a bad effort and it is an enjoyable murderous space romp. Featuring some really beautiful designs in a great setting, yet for some reason, somehow DW has struggled to find strong enough game mechanics to go along with it all. If an equal amount of attention had been given to the rest of game as can be seen in its overall aesthetic. We would be looking at GotY material for sure. But the devs have already stated that this post release rerelease (The nerve of this industry eh?), is just the start (again), with more content to come. Whether this will come in the form of free updates or paid DLC, who can say at this time. But no doubt it will already add to what is a decent enough base game. And with the overall condition of this at the moment; Any additions or gameplay tweaks no matter how small, will be most welcome indeed. Now I must wrap up as I have run out of damn space to write (again).The Emperor of Man, gives a slightly amused 7/10"
76561198012989573,Not Recommended,298900,28967860,Posted: 2 January,all,mikebunz,LOVE THE IDEA they just needed more time. games seriously lacking and has a ton of bugs. i had high hopes i enjoyed all 4 hours of gameplay but no where near worth the price tag. I would love to see them build on the story line
76561198019094058,Not Recommended,298900,29704916,Posted: 4 February,all,Spoderman,"My friends and I are really big into warhammer.  We were pretty anxious for the release of this game.  Pre-ordered it and what not.  We love playing Verminetide so we were thinking that this was going to basically follow suit in the aspect of game play just 40k era.  WELP!  I put about... 2 hours into this ""Product"" Steam refunded my money back for this unpolished turd.  The other reviews are a true testimate to how god awful this game is.  All you had to do guys... Is take Vermintide... and make it 40k...  Instead they put nothing into it.  Literally nothing, cuz it isnt even a finished product, not even close.  Just a cash grab at this point.  Good job making great CG clips to get us excited then take a fat dump on our hopes and dreams."
,Recommended,298900,32397240,Posted: 13 June,all,HopelessDecoy,"I am not a warhammer 40k fan, never played a game before now, and honestly I really love this game! The performance is fine for me in most places, the only drops I get are in the MASSIVE rooms that pour enemies but after some settings tweaking that even played fine. I wish I had a 4 man group of mates to play with cause this game would really shine then! But even with single player I have a lot of fun, the bots are intelligent and mostly don't get in the way. Overall this is an 8.5/10 for me.PROS:-beautiful graphics-Fun satisfying guns-Good voice acting-Space left 4 dead with mechs and aliens-Super Immersive atmosphere you feel like a religious zealot army-It made me yell ""Burn them in holy flame brothers!""-Very good gameplayCONS:-It is a demanding game but its so beautiful, adjust settings accordingly people Ultra is not the only setting-Funner with mates than solo-Bot's guns cannot be assigned very well extremely limited choices for no aparent reason-I understand it is apart of the universe but you do use 1 gun per mission, longer missions can feel dry sometimes, while you can warp to switch guns it breaks the flow of combat and only can be done 3 timesOverall: 8.5/10"
76561198006521789,Not Recommended,298900,29594674,Posted: 30 January,all,Warder,"I cannot express how badly I wanted this game to succeed. I waited and waited, putting off my purchase because of the reviews. I finally caved in because I thought, how bad could it actually be? Afterall, I love the 40k universe and play just about every title. I couldn't even manage to get through the tutorial. Among several things, the mouse cursor always trailing behind where it was supposed to be drove me crazy. Many aspects of the game just felt.....incomplete. I should have listened to the majority of the reviews!"
76561198095178579,Recommended,298900,32403715,Posted: 13 June,all,Saucy Rigg,"Good game, Lore accurate, Fun with friends, only downside is performance can be lacking at times."
,Not Recommended,298900,28872829,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Deathwing,"I do not recommend this game, filled with bugs, really bad UI and many, many other things. There are tons of other games that's worth the price you'll pay for this."
76561198404456099,Recommended,298900,33766333,Posted: 24 July,all,Beowulf,Feels like how i always imagined the 40K Universe.10/10Kill the Xeno.Long live the Emperor!
76561198084854534,Not Recommended,298900,28439116,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Firangiz,constant crash when your host that force you to restart your mission and frustrating bug as action locked. the game itself is fun but its so hard to complete a mission due to the constant crash and glitch. this game is a botched 45$ release of frustration.
,Not Recommended,298900,28410109,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rynstone,"-Melee combat is very disconnected & floaty, might as well be waving a cardboard tube around.-Heavily CPU dependent, barely uses the GPU, game freezes up regularly on 100% CPU spikes.-AI can be summed up as ""spawn and waddle over to player""-Keybindings don't work properly, forget playing this if you do not have the standard querty keyboard layout.-UI is horrible to use-Whoever thought it would be nice to make an fps where spacemarines are forced to squeeze themselves trough hallways they barely fit through and subsequently start clipping trough each other and blasting teammates in the face with muzzle flash that will fill up 80% of your screen deserves to be pistol whipped with a bolter.+Atmosphere & art design is very well done."
76561198004095630,Recommended,298900,28480982,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SgtMaj,"Great game all in all. Wish it had more options like a leveling up system etc. Few bugs that can be pretty iritating i.e. cant shoot or attack with sword, game crash when you hit ""i"" to select your upgrade. Fix those and this is a fairly goood coop game"
76561198014346936,Recommended,298900,30529569,Posted: 15 March,all,Billy Bones,"Being a big fan of Warhammer 40.000 I couldn't refrain myself from purchasing this game, but after reading so many negative reviews I was a bit worried. Now, I've bought it after the big patch, so I don't know how much it changed since it got all those negative review, but I haven't seen problems with it so far.The game is solid and fun, the atmosphere is there, the weapons, the architecture and the hundreds of aliens crawling out of holes to assault the marines, everything is in the right place. I haven't experienced crashes, bugs or FPS drops of any kind, and my rig isn't THAT modern: I run it on an Intel i5 6600 at 3.30ghz, with 16 gb of ram and an Nvidia Geforce 970 ti.I haven't tried single player at all, so I can't say anything about the squad memebrs AI. I play it exclusively online, which is the funniest way to play this kind of games, IMHO, nad the alien AI does its job well.I can't say that there are so many online games, but I manage to find a decent game in a few minutes everytime I want to play.The developers promised more updates and seemingly they will add stuff to the Multiplayer (things for progression and keeping people hooked), so I'm more than satisfied by it.If you're a Warhammer 40.000 fan you should definitely give it a try, especially now that it is discounted."
76561198028340601,Not Recommended,298900,31926706,Posted: 23 May,all,UK_SPAWN,Great game ruined by terrible performance.Despite all efforts and updates the game fails to become playable. therfore no matter what improvments and updates to content are released I can't enjoy them becasue of performance.20 fps is not enjoyable.Review Updated: 10/06/2017
76561198062028524,Recommended,298900,28366618,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,HiroWolfgang,"Works fine on a 750ti at medium graphics and overall is fun to play.- I haven't experienced any frame drops and am 5 hrs into the campaign, found a hand ful of artifacts belonging to the chapter. I have enjoyed the gameplay overall but I can see that this game is highly demanding if you want to play on ultra settings which you'll need a pretty good computer to play on that.- Good story and voice acting, its enjoyable to explore the ships. The squad of a devestator and the apothecary seems well rounded though leaves a bit for desire. This game will be the most fun if you and 3 friends team up together for your own space hulk adventures.- Ran into a few bugs, but not many, that doesn't mean they don't exist. I saw a Tyrannid stuck on some railing by a hand. Another was suck behind some railing where it found a foothold. I gunned them down before thinking to take a picture of it. Fought and killed a broodlord. Overall the Ai seems to path very well.- On pathing, your ai terminators will try to move past you if theres room, otherwise they'll back up. This led to a slow down because barachiel locked himself on the other side so I had to unlock the door, order him in, then relock the door.tip: Best to move in a tight squad and always cover your backs. I enjoyed the storm bolter most but there's a weapon for everyone in Space Hulk.Negatives: People have been complaining about load times, but check to make sure you install it onto an SSD rather than an HDD that should help."
,Not Recommended,298900,28431216,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,❋Guildam❋,Currently unplayable and badly optimized
,Recommended,298900,32538975,Posted: 18 June,all,Dom,"First off, I never leave reviews but I felt compelled to do so with this game. I am a huge Warhammer 40k fan and had my eyes on this game for a while. It looked amazing but upon release there were sp many negative reviews due to bugs and lack of content. You don't get my money just because you slap a Warhammer sticker on it.This past week, Space Hulk: Deathwing went on sale for 23.00 USD so I decided to try it. Ohhh MAN! I'm so glad I did! This game is amazing and I have never had the feeling of sitting on the edge of my seat. Playing four person multiplayer and you're the last one alive, walking backwards as wave after wave of Genestealers come at you just to be torn to shreds by your assualt cannon. Then it JAMS!!!! No! So you start swinging with powerfist and you're barely left alive when another wave starts barreling down on you. Just then your battle brother teleports back to your side, heavy flamer spewing flame all over the foul xenos! This game is amazing.Con: No progression or weak progression! Why, oh why couldn't the developers followed a gear path??? Instead of minor and major relics you could have had lost Deathwing terminator pieces from the preheresy. It would have worked perfectly with the story line and with the fluff. Get an ancient cataphractii greaves from a multiplayer drop. It would have been so amazing and would give a reason to replay. As of now, there is no progression what so ever. I love the game and the feeling of striding through a derelict space craft while purging xenos is hard to get over but just think how awesome it would have been if you were upgrading your character as you went."
,Not Recommended,298900,28385595,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Flinch,"I really wanted to love this game, because when you actually do get to play a round it is fun and true to the old death hulk feeling. Unfortunately the frequent crashes, disconnects and generally awful performance on a machine that easily exceed the recommended specs makes it hard to actually play a round. Despite the delay it still plays as poorly as it did in the beta."
76561198044080679,Not Recommended,298900,28392060,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Straggla,"- Lacking in content- Feels very unfinished- Tends to crash in multiplayer (whole game is lost if the host crashes)Other than these 3 major flaws, it could otherwise be a very good game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28384632,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,David Zetavon,"I was looking forward to this game and i cant currently recommend this game to friends. while Visuals and sound are great, Gameplay is mediocre and multiplayer kinda feels slapped on. ive also had constant issues with friends of controls just locking up multiple time in a single chapter.Hopefully this game improves over the next few months and ill give it another go."
76561197997910535,Not Recommended,298900,28966084,Posted: 2 January,all,Yonel,How fun is it to die and restart from level 1 in multiplayer mode? It feels like a rogue-like game but way more frustrating!
76561197960377897,Not Recommended,298900,28385341,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[VI] Alerius,"First review ever, so be kind ;)I really hoped that this game would be nice, but it isn't.PRO:- nice graphics- detailed enviroment -> immersion- good sound- good voice acting- you are a god damn terminator!CONS:- AI buddies are a pain in the a**- controlling/commanding your AI buddies is a pain in the a**- UI feedback is bad (for example: hitting enemies and getting hit by them feels odd and not really responsive)- Splatter all over the place (yeah, it's fun, but if you can't see s***, because of it, it's not fun anymore. Especially when you or your ""mentally challanged"" AI buddies die, because you can't see what is going on, thanks to bad UI feedback)- you need to tell your medic to heal you, his buddy or himself... that's where the real fun starts trying to do so while being attacked from every angle...- melee feels strange (hit feedback again)... I guess the power attack is for doors only or for single enemies?- sometimes you automatically reload, if you're out of ammo, sometimes you don't (would be great if pulling the trigger of an empty gun would act like hitting the reload button)- why I'm even able to block doors when there are no roaming packs? Can't shut down random spawn points...I stopped playing mainly because of my stupid AI buddies. I tried MP while BETA, didn't test it again. But I guess the strange progression system didn't change.ALL IN ALL:If you are into singleplayer: Wait at least until they fix the AI of your squadmatesIf you are into multiplayer: I guess it will be fun for a short duration..."
76561197963569840,Not Recommended,298900,28387483,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sorielle,The efforts made to correct issues brought up during the beta were unsufficient. The game is not polished and requires a lot more development.First it does not look anything like these cinematics and does not run smoothly at all even on top specs.I would not recommend to buy this game at this stage.
,Not Recommended,298900,29848233,Posted: 11 February,all,-Bro-Chaplain Karneth,"What a beautiful looking Game, but sadly it's only good looking.This game is as bare bones as it looks and requires no strategie what so ever.Lore wise this game is a travesty, a Terminator getting killed by a freaking autogun? are you kidding me?All guns are inaccurate as hell and recoil should even be here to begin with, because lore wise Terminators not only have more strength than your normal power armor marine, but they can lock up different joints to be even more accurate. For the people thinking that the assault cannon is supposed to be inaccurate are terribly wrong, multi-barreled guns are actualy pretty accurate. there are even more lore problems but i don't want to over do it, so lets get to the AI.The Ai in this game is terrible as hell, enemies just run up to you or derp around the room and even the shooty enemies don't have any sence of preservation, they wont seek cover or retret they just stand there let you cut them down. they aren't many enemy types most of them are melee anyway so it doesn't matter much, some spit bioplasma wich you can't dodge as if the projectile doesn't exist and just hitscans your platted♥♥♥♥♥ some are psychers but they act the same way as the other cultist aka standing there and attacking but for some reason they do sometimes run around for no reason.Multiplayer in this game is maybe the worst experience i had in a game, it crashes for often no reason, sometimes guns and actions just don't work anymore, mission objectives bugging out and become uncompletable, the latency is straight out of hell, no progession your character you can't even costumize them what so ever. All guns are thinly spread through out the classes, wanna be a tactical terminator with a powersword? to bad it's only for the psykerthis game diffinition of hard or codex rules is getting randomly one-shotted, which makes sence on the tabletop but is just cheap in a FPS.the Campaign is just the same levels as in the multiplayers but with 2 dummass AI partner that makes you wish no pine for to get Sheeva alomar from Resident evil 5 back, at least this ♥♥♥♥♥ can hit something and those partners just get ♥♥♥♥ing murdered in melee. Story isn't realy there so who gives a damn.while this game looks realy damn good it runs poorly and is bugged out beyond belive and plain unfun in every area. you cannot even feel like a terminator because you get torn up by small arm fire for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason.As a big Warhammer 40k fan I cannot recommend anyone this game not even hard core fans  just buy any other warhammer game even Firewarrior is more fun and complet than this. But a game mode with out any enemies and UI to explore the levels would be nice, taking out the combat and enemies would fix 80% of the games issues. You are better of buying Left4dead 2.the worst thing is that I'm stuck with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game because i would never review a game were I don't have at least 5 hours invested."
,Not Recommended,298900,29809436,Posted: 9 February,all,Apostol,"I waited to post any review hoping they would make an update, but it seems thats not happening anytime soon. Beautiful level design, such a shame."
,Not Recommended,298900,29431078,Posted: 22 January,all,Grizzly Man,This game makes DayZ look finished.
76561198028646387,Recommended,298900,30819352,Posted: 29 March,all,dave.hansen,"Those who gave this a bad review should try it again.  Though releasing games too early is a sin, it is not a mortal sin in my view; as long as the developers correct the problems through patches.  And correct they did for this game.  I find it enormously fun, beautiful and solid.  No crashes after several hours.  I encourage users to give it the review it now deserves so such Warhammer 40k games continue to be produced."
,Not Recommended,298900,28482732,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Alice,Waiting for update.
,Not Recommended,298900,28869864,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Splurge,"This game can be promising but it's missing vital bits that could make it enjoyable.The game looks pretty no denying that, but my god does it chug for what seems like no reason sometimes and that's on my PC that's got a 1080 and a 5960x, settings don't seem to change that.It's missing things like atmosphere to me, you're walking along slowly and it's quiet there is no real noises going on or anything to keep you tense when you're about to get pounced on by a whole horde of enemies, when they do show up there's no music that goes with it. So all the game has audiowise is plodding along footsteps, gun fire and when the enemies finally show up.After about an hour of playing it with a friend we both had enough, nothing felt that challenging and it just seems to be missing stuff that would make it enjoyable. This feels very much like an early access game still that needs some more functions and a final bit of polishing to complete it. Certainly not worth the full price or even the discounted price (£25.49)."
76561198017524035,Recommended,298900,30569589,Posted: 17 March,all,Magnus,Now that is has had some updates it is a good game. I just wish the relics items did something!!!
,Not Recommended,298900,32415326,Posted: 14 June,all,Fire,"Bought during the sale.Sadly it suffers from some horrendous frame rate issues. Through some quick searching online and this problem seems to be irrespective of your PC specs or what graphical options enabled.Aside from graphical issues the AI suffers somewhat and the enemy just bee lines straight for you in such an inorganic way it was really reminiscent of the old flash Tower defence games watching conga lining Genestealers all clipping through one another. I think even basic collision detection would really help with the immersion and gameplay.The Friendly terminator AI bugged out from time to time either abandoning me or being utterly useless. Trying to use the command wheel either with a controller or with M&K was just terrible especially in the middle of a fight let alone while things went quiet.It was beyond jarring to just walk through friendly terminators or to see Genestealers sliding through one another as they charge at you. It made the tight corridors that forces you into single file useless, which if you've ever been a fan of the source material should mean you should be strategic with your squad passing through these areas and ensure you take close combat weapons or flamers etc at either end of the single file line.Speaking of the squad the apothecary needs some additional weapons, now granted in the 40K universe typically yes they only have a Narthecium and a storm bolter. I'm sure a single lightning claw, power maul or even combi weapon wouldn't go amiss with players as I witnessed other players arguing before we'd even deployed that they didn't want to play the class as there was so little reward or fun playing as the class.The game nails the art and aesthetic of the 40K universe and it truly captured the atmosphere and it someways the spirit of what a Space Hulk game should be.Sadly for me the negatives have outweighed the beauty and atmosphere that is so steeped in the lore of the franchise.Would not recommend at this time and hopefully will be refunded via Steam."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387588,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fenrisson,"I had high hopes for this game and prepurchased it, but this game did not deliver what it promised.I bought it with friends to play it in co-op and we hoped we also could play thru the storyline from the ""singleplayer"" together like a real co-op game. What we have is the same as in the Beta (could have called it final) no progress no things to achieve. You play the same missions again and again with the same spawn locations and scripts.Why should someone play a game in multiplayer if you can not achieve anything that can animate you to replay it again and again. And no this is no Vermintide because Vermintide has progress and Items etc.The delay of a week made no sense should have delayed for a few month to overhaul the MP/Co-op.I will refund it but I keep an eye on it if they maybe bring in some major changes and upgrades."
76561197970553510,Not Recommended,298900,28459376,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kojiro,"As of writing (19/12/16) this game is buggy as hell. It needs a large amount of polish to even be considered a working product. Long load times, sketchy frame rates, horrible, just horrible networking and a host of other issues. Fix those and you might just have a working product.But even if you fix those things, you won't really have Space Hulk.  Almost nothing is right. From the agile, sprinting terminators who have no heft, the useless stormbolters or the grossly inaccurate assualt cannon this game gets so much wrong. The Black Ships do not belong to the Inquisition. One of the main terminators even sports Death Watch armour and Inquisitorial iconography. The makers clearly aren't fans and if you're looking for a 40k fix here, you will find only the most shallow version."
76561198032214819,Recommended,298900,28518177,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mechanicus,"The core gameplay is awsome,the graphics are absolutely breathtakingand they even managed to give it a tuch of horror.Not to mention the spark of light on the horizon that is ... ... ... PVP !!!That alone is already worth buying it if one asks me.But I defenately agree that there are some sever issues as of YET. BUT I wrote this review because just one weak after the official release they already patched a lot of the major bugs and issues and that is what truly made me belive in these Devs. Sure some may say that these bugs should have never been there at the start and that the beta should have taken care of those and to a point they are right but let's be honest guys, the Beta lastet like for maybe one or two weeks? I mean just look at Eternal Crusade (another game of the W40k genre with a relatively similar mode) it started off like a 2 out of 10 and all it managed to achive in about 2 Years (including a Beta that lasted ... basically up to now) is a generous 5 out of 10. And they had a policy so incredibly foul it reeked like a Nurgling. Deathwing had nothing compared to this.But after all I am reviewing Deathwing, so to sum it up. There are 2 REAL problems it has up to now.1st and, following my opinion, more important: There is zero Perma-Progress. EVERY GAME NEEDS PERMA-PROGRESS XD  Yet that is something that can be EASILY added. Fixing bugs or even entire mechanics is far more difficult. So I am sure that it's appearance is just a matter of time.2cond: There are a LOT of bugs and issues to be dealt with to the point where it isn't even working for some. Yet nevertheless they ARE working on it like crazy right now and I can confirm that for sure since, as I already stated, the reason I was writing this is due to the first patch to ever come out after just one weak already improving on it so much. But at this point I am still very real when I add that they still have a quite long way to go at this ... yet again I am confident that they will not only do so but also do so FAST.Finally, once again remembering Eternal Crusade, I'd give Deathwing a generous 6 out of 10 right now. Since for me it is actually running quite stable and thus the severity of Problem 2 becomes weakend, and I thank the Machinegod for that. [My friends on the other hand were not so lucky and thus I sadly know my way very well around Problem 2.] YET STILL give this game maybe about a few months and I can ASURE you that it will easily be an 8 out of 10. And should they actually get PvP right a FULL 10 OUT OF 10 is GUARANTEED !!!And you know what? I'll just leave it at that ^^I can truly recommend it with all my heart for even if ALL that stuff WOULDN'T come true, just read the very first 3 lines of my review once more.[[Addition of February the 17.th. Maybe I was fucin wrong ...]]"
76561198008289565,Not Recommended,298900,32205468,Posted: 5 June,all,Sarge,"I have to say I was very excited to see this game being released. I did wait a while to get it. After playing for over 10 hours, in the single player mode. I have come to the conclusion that the AI is almost as much of a hazard as the opposition. I have had so many instances my fellow Terminator Marines walking infront of my line of fire and just stopping. On specific defend points they do not hold thier ground. In fact they prone to wonder about and get swarmed, and thus killed. Even when giving a specific order to go to a point and defend. They go, and a couple moments later they are back to wondering about looking at the wall art or something. It has made doing some things close to impossiable. I would expect more combat dicipline from Terminator Marines.If you are a dedicated fan of the 40k universe you might be able to get past this. If you are not it will be hard. And unfortunetly even thought the two AI Terminators are willing and ready to slug it out in a fire fight with the various Genestealer's. The apparent haphazard AI get the game a down vote here."
,Recommended,298900,28399440,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BAXTER,"In a game called EYE: Divine Cybermancy there was one level in which you were in some kind of industrial complex/factory. It started out totally deserted and then later on you got swarmed by hundreds of enemies and have to desperately fight them off and defend a few places. At that point, as I was stomping around in heavy power armor with a minigun, I thought it'd be cool to play a Space Hulk FPSSo, few years later, Space Hulk FPS, and it's made by the guys who did EYE. We live in a good world.The bad is that it's buggy and unoptimized, the good is that the environments are incredible and it nails the feel of walking around in a huge armored suit with large and powerful weapons trying to defend against and destroy huge swarms of alien creatures. It's got the fun factor™ and I have played a ♥♥♥♥♥on of games that were optimized and perfect and never managed to patch in any reason to play over their long and miserable development cycle.If you don't have an SSD and a reasonable graphics card maybe wait a bit until that's improved. I bought it the second it was anounced because streum on are cool dudes and I hope they continue making good games."
,Not Recommended,298900,28463679,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Cerasza,"*starts campaign**clunking around hooge spooky place as Spess Mahreen++*""Okay, this looks cool.""--15 minutes later--*framerate starts to randomly get choppy, dropping from 60 to ~10 fps even when nothing is happening*""Uh oh... One need not be a psyker to forsee this being a problem...""--Roughly an hour, several objectives and a few relics later--*40-50 or so Genestealers flood into the room**framerate hovers around 2 fps**YOU ARE DEAD*""Well, ♥♥♥♥ me dead on a rock. That was some Grade A hoss-sheet.""*options are Quit and Restart, clicks Restart*""Well, maybe there was a checkpoint after that last objective, I mean it was kinda im-""*mission starts again from the top*""...""""No. No, I refuse. I am not doing all that again just because your♥♥♥♥♥♥tastic framerate drops got me killed, game.""*quits game, refuses to touch it until some optimizations are made in future patches, suggests that you do the same*----Seriously, I want to like this game, but making me lose an hour of progress because 'lolmassiveframedrops' when I don't even have the graphics options as high as the game suggested I should have them (I always turn everything down one notch from the recommended settings just in case, since to me solid framerate is far more important than pretty graphics.) is not what I call putting your best armour-clad foot forward.I feel like there's a solid (though probably not absolutely amazing) game here, but it's one I can't bring myself to recommend buying while it has a problem like this. I mean, I only played it singleplayer and had major framedrops, I can only imagine trying to play online and adding lag into the mix would be a truly horrid experience.(I mean, seriously, I actually had to TRY to get such a bad framerate in Fallout 4 by building dozens of turrets (I think something like 40) in a single settlement, spawning loads of enemies (many of whom were hostile to each other) in front of them, and launching mini-nukes into the fray. ... Don't ask why I did this, I don't really know. I was just bored and wanted to see if I could crash the game, I suppose.)--tl;dr--*framedrops**buttanger*Decent game, but don't buy it until more patches come out."
76561197987224575,Recommended,298900,28532349,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sevatar the Risen,"I love this game, I was worried it wouldn't work out after playing single player for a bit on not the easiest difficulty but one up from the easiest and was having a lot of trouble staying alive to complete the mission.  I like that about this game, I love to be challenged, I haven't had any disconnect issues or bugs, but Man it is a Hard game on single player.Then I played multiplayer with a good buddy of mine, we couldn't use our mics the first time but we learned one another's play styles (He was the Librarian and I was and will always be the Apothecary) after the first few minutes and are an amazing team now, THATS when I truly fell into the favor of the Emperor and learned to appreciate this game and the challenges it has set forth for me.It is very unfortunate that others have had so many issues or have fixated on some of the bugs (again I haven't seen any but I'm also too busy having the time of my life shooting anything that moves to notice anything else) but I will continue to play and really really enjoy myself going through missions with my buddy.Best points of the game-easy controls (although I recommend remapping Psygate to the Zero key (easy to hit #4 when you're flipping out))-beautiful atmosphere and CREEPY vibe if you wear headphones and bring the volume up with no lights on in the room-when you fire your weapon, it sounds like you're really there firing a big ol weapon, realistic to a dumb Army guy like me-the AI keeps me guessing, always having to look at my periph and my buddy's 6 to make sure we are clear of damn 'nids-Shooting the bell on the first level on full-auto, if you don't do it, I don't want you in my lifeImprovementsi-I'm reaching but some character customization (sigils, personal iconography, helmets, eye patches? Whatever)-More lore for each relic you pick up in single player (would be cool to have them in multi as well)-Be able to be CHAOS MARINES!!! I know I know, its DEATHWING, not THE BLACK LEGION....WING-A-LING-Techmarine as a character would be nice, give more options on hacking + door play and suchThats all I got for now, I'll come back as we continue to play and add some edits, hope this helps, AMA."
76561198028176921,Recommended,298900,32434894,Posted: 15 June,all,WARLORD,I'll admit this game has had a bad start with bugs and connection problems bad review's and a few other little thing but the Dev's have pulled through and knocked all the problems on the head and are still continuing  making it better so yes i highly recommend this game to any true warhammer fan.
,Not Recommended,298900,28395191,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bolter,FATAL empERROR
,Not Recommended,298900,28380624,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gallows,"In the grim darkness of the far future there is only frame drops and random disconnects.Space Hulk: Death Wing is a perfect example of graphics over quality gameplay. It brings an intricate and downright breath taking world space that feels right out of the Warhammer 40k franchise. So awe inspiring is the environment, and character designs that you could easily spend hours just walking from room to room examining in detail all the architecture and machinery within the game.  Even the labels, warnings, and signs tell an immersive story of the ship you are fighting through and each room has a clear purpose befitting the lore of the parent IP proper.  Yet this is where the praise and terminator honours end for the game.The first and most disappointing issue with the game every player notices is the long load times.The severely long load times.  An issue that appeared during the BETA testing that we had presumed was the reason for the extra delay in release after testing had come to an end; the load times persist even in the final launch of the game.   Starting up the game be it the first time or the fifth results in a 2-5 minute long load time before the main menu appears.   An issue that continues with each map load, server join, server disconnect, and sometimes (though not as much as during the BETA) when new players join/leave games in progress.While many of us have been around for ye ole days of long load times as standard in major games, those days are certainly well past, especially so for a game that consists of relatively small amounts of content to load in the first place.  With traditionally handmade maps, hand placed objects, and set spawn points for the randomly rolled spawning of enemy waves, all of which are only slight variations on a very small number of base models the game really does not do anything to justify its long load times. Couple that with small four man teams in multiplayer and you are really grasping at straws for any justification for its severe latency and poor performance.Adjusting settings from high to low, or any combination in-between has virtually no effect on the performance of the game, and while we may not have the highest end rig of the land, it certainly is a very mid-range one, the type that any game coming out should be able to accommodate on reduced settings if not the ideal set.  Furthermore having a high end internet connection, with a clean and streamlined network setup (no wireless here) appears to not be able to prevent random disconnects from multiplayer matches in literally every match we played.Sadly this all results in a poorly optimized title for most any system which is further compounded by the lack of stable connectivity through the matchmaking client that will test the patience of the most forgiving players out there. All in all the title has a strong visual and audio presentation but with no real substance behind it, and until these crippling performance issues are addressed the title will see a short hype spike on launch with drastically falling numbers and acrossed the board disappointment overall."
76561197968167348,Not Recommended,298900,28455228,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tidgy,"So first off I love the idea of the game, go and clear out floating hulks in termiantor armour all set in the 40k universe. But you fire up the game, run a mission and then it falls flat on its face.You run, you shoot, you run you shoot, you run, you shoot. o hacking doors and odd turrets, and thats mission done. Next mission, you run you shoot,,,,,,,,,,,,, etc etc etcIn a genre that is as heavily developed as FPS's are a game like this reminds me of doom or quake from 10 years ago, totaly linear and little to get excited about.Kinda game i'd expect to pick up for £5 or £10 to fill a few hours when nothing else takes yoru fancy."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395327,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Okri,"Game could be so good, but it feel so clunky, slow and slugish. The constant disconnects are horrible, and really seems like they could have do so much more before launch."
,Recommended,298900,28513714,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,elox,"I've played this game for around 10 hours so far and I already got the excitment and FUN out of killing countless JEANSTEELERS and I defenitly plan on playing it more.The occasional massive fps drops occure in some areas of the map(s), but seeing as the developers plan on further improving game stability, I think this will be drasticly improved. If you're playing singleplayer, you can quit the game and reload the last save, and it should run smooth again from there.Keep in mind that I'm playing on medium due to a relativly old gpu...TL;DR:If you are looking for FUN in a game, get Deathwing.If you're looking for both 10/10 preformance (or at least 8-9/10) and a fun expirience, then wait for a few more patches untill the fps issue has been fixed...I've haven't immersed myself in a game as much as I did when playing Deathwing  for a long time."
,Not Recommended,298900,29628408,Posted: 1 February,all,✯ GrΣy kNIGHT ✯,"Do bother buying this game, if you are living in ASIA.It is hard /impossible to find online session due to timezone."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387868,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fast Antagonist,"I was looking forward to this game, I played it during beta but found myself locked out for the most part due to a slew of 'Fatal error' causing my game to crash.Unfortunately upon release I've found the game to be fairly disappointing, I'll list below my reasons that I just can't recommend.-Poor optimisation for my rig (May be patched)-A fair few crashes (May be patched)-Sounds don't seem to sync properly with what is causing them-Weapons are not all true to the Warhammer lore-Lack of real feedback upon taking damage can make it incredibly hard to tell you're injured amidst the chaos. (Even with the HP circle)-Poor online connectivity (Could be due to release stress)In general I just found this game incredibly disappointing. It felt simply lackluster on a lot of making me feel like I was playing a terminator. The sound designed felt a little too light, after all the boltors are essentially miniature rocket launchers, terminator armour weighs an absolute ton too. When jumping off a small height I shouldn't land with a faint 'thwap' and nothing else.It's just disappointing, I can't overlook the short fallings unfortunately."
76561198010118146,Not Recommended,298900,28392418,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,cyberarmy,"Unplayable for now random CTDs, freezing and FPS drops, you name it this game has it. I advice for waiting a few patches before playing.Regretfuly it's great when it works, especially you're a WHK40 fan like me."
76561197981422860,Recommended,298900,28534832,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Serlo,"Immersive environments, crazy gameplay and Terminators!  Very much enjoy it.Could use some more depth in gameplay.  But well worth the price."
76561198119493379,Recommended,298900,34851553,Posted: 9 September,all,Commander of The Dance Floor,"This game had a rough and tumble start, yet the recent patches seem to have fixed most issues and I find it to be a decent game that I can pour hours into without issue. I personally have no trouble finding or even hosting multiplayer games.9/10 would recommend"
,Not Recommended,298900,28495561,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rollett,"I bought this game because of my enjoyment of the Warhammer Universe, both 40k and fantasy. While they have the look and theme down. It ends there, gameplay is shallow and sufferes from very poor AI. I really want to like this but at this point, the released game has a severe lack of polish and a whole host of stability issues. I do not suffer from the horrible FPS spikes that some others mention (running a 1070, 16gigs of ram and decent CPU) But what I do get is repeated ""Fatal Errors"" which crash the whole game. At this point in time I have refunded the game due to not being able to play it and due to the price being far too high for whats currently offered.I will pick the game up again at a later date after it is atually truely released from its beta state and update review."
76561198007853648,Not Recommended,298900,28385535,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KansasGuy2012,"While I appreciate new takes on Warhammer what I don't get about this game is why I should play it. The story is Vermentide revamped with guns and there is NO customization. There are limited picks of weapons per character and while Co-op campaign is fun with friends, there is so many options that are not there that it isn't fun. When I play a game that has objectives, I want to see those objectives and IF the game tells you where they are .. I want to know that as well. In short... because I hate writing reviews but feel obligated too, there is NO customizations for characters (In mulitplayer, didn't touch single player since I bought for friends) There is NO rewards for completing missions, besides the ""reward"" of the next level and there are no different weapons for each level or rewards.. again I know.. and this game seems to be the DLC whorish type....Be warned.... if you LOVED Vermentide then you would probably enough this game... For me... I want to be rewarded for playing a game...and I want a game to have a purpose...."
76561198030554722,Recommended,298900,28534221,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,the_wretched79,"Thuroughly enjoyable, it's pretty, it's pretty dark, and good god those stealers creep up on you if you aren't watching the motion tracker.Yes, it has some issues, i'm not plagued by frame drops much with my somewwhat modest system specs, but the multiplayer performance can be a little frustrating.Once they fix the bugs and deliver some more content this will be a standout piece for most 40K fans i think. Those complaining about the price tag of a title they got for free.....oh do shut up princess, wait for a patch or two and come back, if you still don't like it....well it wasn't your money wasted (in your opinion).Give it a go i say, it's cheap and enjoyable, get some voip into it and the coop value will treble."
76561197962137829,Not Recommended,298900,28388464,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,WhistlingCookie,Crash upon crash. Runs like crap.Refunded.
,Recommended,298900,28516747,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jovial Jim,"I'd only reccommend this to the hardest of warhammer 40k fans, but after today's update, 21/12/2016 the game runs pretty well with no performance issues. The gameplay is shallow in single player but is a bit more fleshed out with classes in multiplayer and alot of fun. All in all for the moment wait for a sale unless your a diehard fan."
,Recommended,298900,28467315,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Feralus,"Very nice game so far, good atmosphere, unlocking during the missions feels good and overall it has a great look and feel.Slaughtering through Xenos gets quite gory but that looks pretty sweet in this game.So far I tried Singleplayer and 2 people co op and we had great fun (eventhough the boss killed us :( )My mid class PC could handle the game very fine and fluent!"
76561198003464307,Recommended,298900,29483501,Posted: 25 January,all,Bane,If you like killing bugs then this game is for you. Just keep in mind that you need a good rig for it
76561197990191093,Recommended,298900,28397918,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Son of the Lion,"What can I say.. this game is almost perfect.. I haven't had crashes like other people are complaining about. the game plays great.  It feels great, looks right, the story is exactly what it should be... But there are bugs-a-plenty.... example whenever I hack a turret and get pulled out by taking a hit the game changes my loadout... I'll start the hack with a stormbolter and if it's interupted I end up with a Heavy Flamer...Lots of work still needs to be done, but damn.... I still love this game... haven't tried multiplayer but the single player campaign is cool...  Hoping for fixes and more DLC's soon!"
76561198066530084,Not Recommended,298900,28393862,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Alucard,"At this point...I would not recommend this game.  Game in its current state should be a Beta at best.  Lots of crashes, frame drops galore, it feels incohesive and non intuitive.  Play it for a little while and had 1 crashed and 2 drops from game.  I'll get back when it gets patched a few times."
,Not Recommended,298900,28417509,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,---> Deven <---,Please fix this game! I have a very good pc and this game runs so bad... I'll update this review once the game is fixed
76561198010473112,Not Recommended,298900,28395043,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Janek,"The game has to potential,the visuals,art style and atmosphere is great,but unfortunately in it's current stage it is a huge buggy mess especially in multiplayer.The performance is underwhelming too at the moment.Also the default controll layout is very bad.Most of the sounds are good and well fitting the game,but some weapons lack a punchy noise and feel.The melee combat is unresponsive,and the feeling of the tank-likeness of the characters are not the best.Improving their impact feel on the ground would greatly improve the space marine feeling.The enemy AI in coop seems very glithcy too,there is much to improve on it.Despite my points the game is not bad overall,and has the potential to be great,but at it's current state it's just rushed and unfinished,lacks a lot of polish unfortunately .When the developers fix at least some of the listed problems i will change my recommendation.In it's current state i would only recommend a full price purcashe for die-hard W40K fans with a decent rig.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,298900,28528072,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,A faithful reproduction of the Space Hulk game as a FPS. Luckily I haven't had any crashes or connectivity problems.
,Not Recommended,298900,28878385,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KeeGeeBee,"I'm sorry, I like this game but the freezing, the crashing, the bugs, they're just too much. the gameplay is rather fun, the graphics and maps are incredible, I just can't bring myself to give a positive review because of the freezing, it completely interrupts the game, it's like my character has seizures in the middle of combat. whatever keys i had my hands on before it happened stay held down i guess, because when my screen unfreezes, my bolter is out of ammo and I'm somewhere i wasn't before (but still nearby, usually right next to a wall).Again, I like the game, the only thing stopping this from being a positive review is the bugs."
,Not Recommended,298900,29128853,Posted: 8 January,all,BattleAxe0,"Cool game.  Game breaking bugs.  I'm stuck in the early chapters of the game basically because something I'm supposed to kill won't spawn or spawned under the floor somewhere so I can't kill him.  Restarting the game, reloading a save game, nothing fixes it.   So far, no word from the developers on a fix.Word to the wise - buy games from questionable publishers from Gamestop.  They'll take the crappy developers' games back when you get to game-breaking bugs.  Steam won't anymore."
,Recommended,298900,28512435,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MsA,"The atmosphere is amazing, the gunplay is incredibly satisfying. The game really nailed feeling powerful.However, it's buggy, the UI is not very good looking (almost entirely due to the font choice) and the SP checkpoints SUCK. I'm stuck on a level where i have to play for 15 minutes until an enemy psyker insta kills me at full health from where i can't see them and then i have to completely restart.So it's a good game but with a lot of room for improvement."
76561197987070734,Not Recommended,298900,28522317,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Grove of Dreams,"Chances are this game is less than half of what you're hoping it will be.Pros:- Absolutely stunning environments- Reasonable adherence to lore- You get to bring the Emperor's righteous fury to the ill-begotten Tyranid.Cons:- Just about everything breaks the game, including starting the game.- Zero optimization- Zero customization / replayability- Multiplayer is... ""rough"", to be generousThis game has astounding amounts of potential, but almost nothing makes it to the finish line.  The game glitches and stutters like it's still in beta, it's full of odd design choices, and one play-through (single or multi) will basically end the game for you (just pick one - they're literally the same content)."
76561198008874274,Not Recommended,298900,34864603,Posted: 10 September,all,NO DICE,"So I just finished 'the campaign' for this game. That was pretty short and dissapointing.So then I went to queue for Multiplayer. Nada. Not one game.Despite this I will say I was enjoying the feel of the game.A lack of a proper campaign hub made the campaign feel flimsy. A decent cut scene here or there and running into some other battle brothers for a larger scale feel at least once would have been nice.The efficiency point XP/talent system is lackluster. 3 trees most of which are complete filler points which do nothing, and even then, about a third of the talents are filler talents also.The relic treasure hunt was completely unsatisfying for me as well. The whole point of each mission is to accomplish the objectives as efficiently as possible, but to be thorough also, one must collect all relics in the engagement zone. However, with no way to scan for relics, and no specific relic S&R missions, one must manually sweep every corner of every map regardless of what what the mission parameters are in order to find all relics.Overall, I enjoyed the few hours this game has given me. I wasn't going to get it at full price, and even at $20 I feel that 12 hours play is a bit light, but, Ill take it. And I'd glady pay for a DLC with a decent second campaign in it."
76561198005225866,Recommended,298900,34910864,Posted: 12 September,all,Fuzzy-Wuzzy,"this game is everything I've wanted out of a warhammer 40k game, its so much fun."
,Recommended,298900,35026061,Posted: 17 September,all,El Capitán Victorio,"This game is a case study in good intentions.The developers obviously took the time to really understand the original game, and their efforts and pains really shine where it counts. Ruined capital ship causeways wide enough to fit four or five large men, standing shoulder to shoulder become something like a three-foot wide clearance in the perception of a single Space Marine in Terminator Armor, and there are four of them trying to squeeze through these spaces. The steam, the liquid pouring out of a loose valve or pipe and shimmering on the floor and walls, heat waves, or the frost creeping its way up a helmet's visor give visual ques as to the environment outside of the nigh-impervious and vacuum sealed bipedal tank you command.If a half-blind logjammer of four super soldiers in power armor stuck on one another trying to fit through the eye of a needle wasnt enough, the enemies complete the overwhelming sense of enclosure: they come in small waves of two or three at first, testing you, then...""It was the battering of drums I heardIt was hunger, it was the hungry that criedAnd the waves, the waves were TYRANIDS moving,Marching and marching in a tragic time...""One hundred screams become a single roar, the radar blips red in 320 degrees, and the little yellow dots come running towards the center. Someone locks and seals the airlock behind you, it diverts the horde, but they keep on coming. The Flamer whooshes, the Plasma Cannon/Spear of Caliban makes the snap-pew sound followed by a tiny sun exploding in the foreground, the myriad Storm Bolters with various ammunition rattle and shake and tracers lead to the beady glowing eyes and spiked spines and tentacled faces and toothy maws and claws and talons that approach faster and faster and the roaring doesnt seem to stop, a pipe explodes in the background taking a few monsters with it, and then the guns jam, bolter rounds bounce of an allies armor as he shifts positions and inadvertently blocks your lane of fire, and two Battle Brothers stop to reload, and that half-breathing space of ceasefire allows the enemy into your personal space and suddenly a Crozius Arcanum and a Force Axe and Power Fist and Narthecium are swinging desperately because there's no time to reload. Everything is crackling electric and a psychic fireball, from your side or theirs is going off in the middle of all of it. Eventually it all stops, the screams, the roars, the crackling and the explosions. It all gives way to the quiet creaking of the settling ship.The steam and smoke and oil slicks are now joined by smoking alien corpses, blood covers half of the hallway, guts are splattered everywhere, and the Apothecary proceeds to do his best to bring everyone up to fighting trim. The Space Marines reload their weapons, and march on towards their objective.The guns, the armor, the broad arching cathedrals-like spired and cramped narrow hallways are all gorgeous, the sounds are spot on, and the lighting effects are top notch.It's really an amazing experience,however: The flaws.The game has a bug that causes freezing for upwards of too many seconds, it just stops, the sound keeps going, but your screem locks up - it can be the difference between life and death and many times it just means death if the person it affects gets stuck in a bad position, like the wrong side of a door, or out in the open. It usually means someone is sitting out for nearly 4 minutes if nobody can bring them back through a special ability.The respawn timer itself seems arbitrary, like the developers wishfully thought someone would take the hint and be forced to play one of the two specializations capable of ""reinforcing"" - I appreciate a cooldown period, but going over 1 minute 30 seconds seems excessive. I shouldnt be able to go downstairs, cook popcorn, grab a few drinks, and be back with time left on the clock before I can jump back in.Regarding timers: some of the objective timers are too damn long, the Geneseed container room with the super awesome frost effect on your visor? It's ludicrous. Either you lock all the doors behind you, start the event, fight the broodlord, and stand there for a year doing nothing - or you don't lock all the doors, fight the broodlord, and then fight an endless stream of enemies for a year. Neither option is very fun. And several spots in the game have super-long timers while some Auspex Scanner-Servitor seems to be stuck updating Windows 10.Most missions involve the same formula - ""Walk to this place, fight along the way; arrive, put down a beacon/flip a switch/break a thing, fight while you do it and maybe fight a big guy while you're at it; escape to the next area, fight while you retreat."" This gets repetitive, even with new environments which help to spice things up.The enemies are basically all the same - they get new cosmetic skins and become tougher, maybe a little faster, and maybe they get a new ability or two, but on the whole you lose all of that in the lens flare and flashy explosions coming out of your weapons and impacting them. All Tyranids look alike in the glow of a Heavy Flamer. This gets repetitive, and it would be nice to have some other types of enemies to change it up - Chaos, Orks, Necrons something. Anything.Communication is key in any cooperative effort. This game does not facilitate it very well. A majority of your in-game options for communication are achieved via hotkeys which produce decently voice-acted, but quickly repetitive and eventually agitating sound bites -""I will lead brothers! Follow me!""""I will lead brothers! Follow me!""""I will lead brothers! Follow me!""""I require an Apothecary!""""Lock that door!""""Move ot this Location!""- Without any voice comms option, you're left with typing, or hoping you've got people willing to get on Ventrilo or Discord.All in all, this game is a good buyon sale, well worth it for the action, and the art. I enjoy it, and I'll surely keep playing it as long as I have friends to play it with. I recommend it, despite itself. Hopefully we can see a sequel with some mechanical tweaks and a bit more variety."
76561197991371784,Recommended,298900,34824329,Posted: 8 September,all,centurion00,"well bought the game today, was worried about all the negative reviews!but after playing the 1st act im not sorry i got it, yes the game needs some performance work, but hell its a fun game.my AI battle brother's did what i told them, and stayed alive, i think the game will be even better when the enhanced edition comes out. if its on sale grab it!!!"
76561198020737613,Recommended,298900,31557371,Posted: 5 May,all,Dread,All 40k fans should get it! In the beginning game had some issues but the good thing is that devs are working hard to improve and enhance it together with any bug fixes! The game is getting constant updates and it shows us that those guys at least respect their customers!The Emperor approves!
,Recommended,298900,28514737,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Marybelle,"Brother Marines,it is my utmost pleasure to inform you that Our Father, the Emperor of Man, has finally blessed us with the Space Hulk game that we have all been waiting for.Indeed, it felt like it has been longer that I have played a worthy PC adaptation than it has been since the great Horus Heresy.Speaking of which, no sooner was the holy ecstasy gripping all of my enhanced senses as the Warp itself opened up its screaming maw, spouting forth corrupted, heretics, and other followers of Tzeentch that spout blasphemous lies against this exalted title.They come bearing false names, upholding our own majestic banners, claiming to be themselves big fans of the franchise, yet at the same time, gag on their forked tongues by insulting the core mechanics, yes, the very ESSENCE of what a Space Hulk game is, and was always meant to be.This is none of the lazily put together 1:1 board game adaptation, craved by the casuals, that wallow in Nurgle's vile toxins, never any higher ambitions in their forsaken lives.All of you, who fought at my side back in '93, on the DOS adaptation, this is what you have been waiting for.If however you are a guardsman of no rank, not ever worthy to bear the name of Adeptus Astartes or Adepta Sororitas, then turn away your gaze, for this will be too much to bear.Unfortunately even I had to seek assistance from the Adeptus Mechanicus to be able to enjoy this to the fullest, but take it from me, the machine spirit in my personal computer has come to age and is ailing, but even he did not falter in displaying the highest graphics in this game, all it takes is a little sweet talking from your local tech priest.Furthermore I see we are still getting ongoing support, I will pray in His name that this does continue until further notice.So accept my humble recommendation, and remember always:Without hope, there can be no future.We have purpose.Without loyalty, there can be no one chapter.We have purpose.Without the Emperor, there is nothing...And we would have no purpose.We are His blade.- Marybelle, Battle-Sister of the Valorous Heart"
76561198055154978,Recommended,298900,30511765,Posted: 14 March,all,Laughing Man,"The biggest problem with this game is the community.I do recommend this game, but with a few words of caution.If you are looking for the kind of game that holds your hand, a game that lets you run around solo while easily tanking everything (I'm thinking every COD game I've played) or a game that has any kind of permanent MP level progression/customisation... this is not the game you're looking for.Single player is not really my thing, and I have only completed the first 5 or 6 levels.That said...If you're the kind of person who enjoys working as a team with your friends (my experience with random players is 75% awful in this game), stomping around what has to be one of the most stunningly crafted set of environments (they really have captured the whole 'Space Hulk' vibe for me), whilst blasting through hordes of 'Stealers... well then, this may just be right up your street.I've heard bad things about the sound, but honestly, aside from a teeny bit of disappointment with the slightly wimpy Storm Bolter sound (It's more machine gun, than the 'flat'  BANG! I imagine a bolt weapon to sound like): Through a quality amp and decent speakers or Med/High end cans, this sounds bloody amazing.The couple of long time 40K fans I've shown this to were blown away, one said he felt *Shell Shocked* after about an hour of play.  To be fair, I may have had the volume cranked a touch high that day >.<It is what it is.  If you played Space Hulk in the 90s, this is about as faithful an attempt at bringing that board game to life as I could have expected."
,Not Recommended,298900,29328430,Posted: 17 January,all,gone,"Ugh, this game, this game. In the developers mind they must have though they had this down pat when they released this game. I think not. The combat was fine (apart from the occasional crash when you spin around really fast), the nailed the genestealers figure and their in-game sounds. The sound of solid impact against genestealers and vice versa really made this part of the game feel life-like. However, the ending to the campaign (NO SPOILERS) was absolute rubbish, in my opinion. It was very lack-luster. However I will say no more on that part. In the end the game felt more of 'Go there and kill this thing', then you actually feeling like you have a say in the part. Overall i am just really disappointed in this game, so much potential, so little given. If you are an avid Warhammer 40K fan, that likes to get away from the more traditional stratgery, turn-based games then pick up this game on sale. I would not pay full price for this again. Absolutley let-down."
76561198060366214,Not Recommended,298900,29910187,Posted: 13 February,all,Dr. DooManiC,"(I only comment the Single-player Gameplay, keep that in mind, look for other reviews if you want multiplayer-impressions)Play the first mission in Singleplayer. After that you basically have played the whole game. What follows are more ""Go there, do that again"" Missions, nothing else.You have a lot of rough edges basically everyhwere. Like... why does the Force-Lightning spell has so little feedback? It just feels like it happened, not like you casted a devastating spell. As do all the other spells i've encountered.WHY the hell would you ever switch out Apothecarys Narthecium for a melee weapon? I mean, the only reason you got an apo is for healing, why taking it away from him?Why can't i only equip my force-weapons with the default storm-bolter? It's not like the other weapons occupy any more then the right hand, or?Whenever you start a mission, you get a long introduction on what you have to do, but basically it's always like ""Go there, do stuff"" and after you finished, your next mission is ""Go there next, do stuff again"" I mean... basically most of the games are like that, but in this one it's so blantly and unpolished, you totally feel they just invent excuses to bring you from A to B.Combat is... either much too easy, or they spawn in everything at once and you die all the time. There is barly any real tension, while you first walk cautious through the Hulk, close every door behind you just to make sure... after a while you try to sprint the most you can, smash in doors, just to get through quicker.All in all... it lacks the feeling. The feeling i was hoping for, to be a friggin terminator, finest Warrior of the Imperium, cladded in the best armor Imperium has to offer. Yet i feel like regular joe, dying from things i shouldn't...TL;DR Be a diehard Warhammer fan, and you may have fun with it, but not much. If you just want to play another Warhammer themed game, go for it. If you hope it is as good as Warhammer40k Space Marines sinle-player, you will be dissapointed. And if you are a casual gamer, with no experiance about Warhammer whatsoever, i doubt you will enjoy this one"
76561198062218359,Not Recommended,298900,29935666,Posted: 14 February,all,Ebola on legs,Buggy as hell.
,Recommended,298900,32307384,Posted: 9 June,all,CXIV,The game still has bugs but is getting better. The sound design and map design are awesome. Gameplay is solid and co-op is fun. It just needs more MP content and optimisation.As it stands I see it as a 6.5-7/10
76561198012331994,Not Recommended,298900,28879264,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cordy_blue,"Gameplay was fun, but  poor optimization and some annoying bugs took a lot of the fun out of it. I was hoping the story would carry the game but the storyline was very poor. The ending was also lackluster and made the overall game play experince crappy. Also, I was hoping the relic collection would led to some kind of reward, maybe something to add to the storyline but no, nothing you get too look at all the cool relics your collect."
76561197998214498,Not Recommended,298900,28385506,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ScrewLoose,"So, I've refunded this game rather quickly, stuff that would be ""fixed"" from the beta haven't been fixed at all and after completing the SP, There is apparantly no use to do MP since everything resets.ALSO! The developers are REAAAAAALLY lazy.There might be some of you in here that played E.Y.E. : Divine Cybermancy...?Well, consider this to be a very expensive reskin from E.Y.E. , With less mobility.The Aliens are rehashed models from the Metastreum from E.Y.ETheir hands and feet are laughably the same, they move EXACTLY the same, pretty sure that the A.I. is just a copy/paste.Sometimes I think the aliens are just Metastreum in a stupid costume.I am by no means a hardcore fan of the Warhammer universe (easy there, I like it, but i'm no butt-clenching fan), but what bothered me so much is this unfinished product which borrows SOOOOO much from an earlier, quite enjoyable, game. I mean for god sakes, the Lion's Shadow ability is an EXACT duplicate from E.Y.E.'s Dragon something something ability, which teleports you into an enemy, making them EXPLODE(https://youtu.be/4ltNEyFGYrw?t=27s)Pulled something from E.Y.E.'s wiki (again, SAME developers)""Dragon's Breath (aka Dragon) kills the target and teleports the player to the target's location.""TL;DRYou get a reminiscent feeling you're playing a crappy version of E.Y.E., with a ♥♥♥♥♥y fanbase saying nothing is canongo buy yourself E.Y.E. instead of this, and wait for the devs to surrender (heh, french joke) and letting E.Y.E go and treating this like a new game in a whole of itself.DISCLAIMER: I like E.Y.E. : Divine Cybermancy, I do NOT like this game"
76561198356417455,Recommended,298900,34852554,Posted: 9 September,all,春,FANTASTIC - i want the new update now.
,Not Recommended,298900,28506311,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FlashbangDwarf,"Good setting, feels like a 40k game. Game is boring. AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥(Your medic wont heal♥♥♥♥♥♥. The enemies are annoying, not scary,  not interesting. The icons on your map that show spawn points kill any kind of tension because you know exactly where they come from. The door locking mechanic wasn't ever useful. There was never a super large ""oh ♥♥♥♥"" swarm that you needed to flee from.  You feel like a man in cardboard armor. I am truely butthurt."
,Not Recommended,298900,28438996,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Duv,"I mean, at least it's better than Left For Dead?To start off with, this game is plagued with optimization issues, so that should be incentive alone to not buy it, but if it miraculously runs perfectly for you like it did for me, you still shouldn't buy it. Deathwing is too samey and boring to be worth 40$, even with friends. It offers nine slow paced missions in which you explore areas of a ship that are all grey hallways and empty square shaped rooms. When  you finally get to the ending, it just stops. I didn't want a story in a game like this but this is the laziest thing the end is about as lazy you can get. The weapons are samey, there's three variations of guns that are different with three variations that are all the same. Sure this one ignites when it hits and this one is buckshot, but its all the same. Hell, the pre-order weapon has the exact same stats as the fist that can be used with almost any weapon and doesn't provide any additional bonuses like the force sword and force axe do. Maybe the Mace of Corswain provides more range than the fist, but I have no way of checking and it's more probable to think that every melee weapon has the same range considering what game this is. The combat is also samey as it is always either shooting enemies that funnel into a one way or shooting enemies that funnel from areas from the ceiling in a big circle/square room.When you finish the single-player, there's no point to playing multiplayer, as single-player has more to offer fundamentally. You can use all psyches and weapons when playing in single player, but are locked into a class in multiplayer. That's not to say class based systems are bad, even in this genre. In Vermintide, classes work great and each class feels different and viable, and as you progress can be customized with different weapons which each variant of is mechanically different. In Deathwing, all classes slowly crawl to a point to become a fraction of what you can play as in single-player. I also get that there's a mentality of forming a well rounded team and using coordination  with a team to play through missions on their hardest difficulty, but you can't do that from the start. You have to play through and level up your class over time and assuming you played with a team that all leveled up evenly and didn't switch classes, you've already played through all the levels a few times and that hardest difficulty will have little to offer you, and the games slow pace and samey feeling will only make it worse each subsequent play-through. Along with that, teamwork is a pretty big overestimate of what actually happens in this game. Enemies will come in at three to four areas maximum, but usually just two. So long as two people cover an entrance wihtout splitting, survival is assured. This is teamwork but it's also the most bland and basic type of teamwork you can have in a game like this, a harder difficulty isn't going to change that. If you want a good difficult co-op game with a system of teamwork, I suggest looking else where.Oh yeah, you also collect relics in the Space Hulk. I enjoyed the build up of collecting them all and creating this suit of armour of a long lost soldier, waiting to see what would happen when I got them all. Nothing happens of course. I should have expected that after I saw the ending, or lack there of. Each just contribute experience points which go to getting skill points at the end of a mission, but you can get those by killing. Just nothing, not even a description of lore, just a name. Not much of a gameplay complaint, just a disappointment.This review isn't me disappointed that this game isn't Vermintide, it's just a game that has better alternatives to play."
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,298900,28491356,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,per.christensen,"1. review before patch 21/12Broke my own ""wait until the first patch"" promise - and learned the hard wayThis is buggy as hell with crashing and getting stuck on the map, which is kind of important for the gameplayThe graphics are not optimized in the slightest - worst graphics settings of all my games and still laggy -  in comparison Skyrim runs smoothly in full blast mode, so it ain't the platform2.  review addendum after patch 22/12The performance increased a bit, but it is still poor graphics quality before it slows down to a laggy death. Fewer glitches it appears - no crashing, no weird weapon switching mid-mission - so hurray for that. The story is good, the gameplay is seems like a winning concept - but due to the performance issues and the very quick play-through, I would still not recommend it unless on massive sale"
,Not Recommended,298900,29507243,Posted: 26 January,all,brujahonly,"Animations are crappy, enemies are repetitive, spaces are always cramped, poor voice acting, poorer gameplay and so much system requirements.It seemed cheap when I pre-purchased it, I thought they were trying to establish a player base and sell DLC to gain profit but now I see that it was a simply cheap game. I'd apply for a refund if dissapointment was a valid and accepted reason.If you check my library, you can see what a WH40K fan I am. But this one is a total let-down."
,Not Recommended,298900,28411353,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,point_Zer0,"Unfortunately, the game is completely not worth buying at the moment. And belive me then i say that it pains me to write so, because i have naerly every warhammer-universe game in my library, and i am usually quite forgiving, just because it's a warhammer game. But not this time.Close combat. Warhammer universe is supposed to have decent close combat, as it is called WAR HAMMER for god's sake. But a perfect way to describe close combat here is like that - Half Life crowbar animation but with an awesome made model of a power sword\axe\thunderhammer\claw etc.Multiplayer here is a joke. It's basically just going through the same single player levels, only without cutscenes and whole other fun stuff. For some reason, which even Tzeentch would have problem naming, they decided to cut out 70% of weapons setup variants and abilities from singleplayer. Also all the turret-hacking is absent. So the multiplayer is just going through levels from assignment to assignment shooting through some genestealers. With unlimited ammo. With option to change your weapon any second. With  unlimited healthpacks as an an apothecary. It will bore you after an hour of playing. And what is extremely strange - they've made some really awesome and beautifull levels, but you have ZERO reasons to explore them. Also add 0 optimization, with 20-30 fps during firefights on a really good pc and common fatal errors which kills any desire to play.The only positives are awesome terminator and weaponry models, enjoyable shooting all dem weapons and beautifull levels. And the single player campaign can be, if you do not mind playing with low fps and fatal errors.So all that said - i thought about a refund. but desided to wait for a patch. If they change something and the game will become enjoyable i will change my review to positive.Upd 1) Hotfix 1.06 - still nopeUpd 2) HotFix 1.07 - still nopeUpd 3) month since ""Upd 2"" and nothing from the dev team- refunded the game."
,Recommended,298900,28367684,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ChrIsKritZ(#MelloGang),"All in all, its alright. Not a terrible game as some say.Most of the negative reviews i've seen are hardly worth deterring someone from buying the game, it suffers the same issues any game will on launch day, server instability here and there, but that doesn't really effect everyone all the time..the game lacks in some optimization but it really isn't that big of a deal, it does lack controller support but thats like a very moot point, its just a controller, may experience some frame drops but just play it as one would play vermintide and avoid maximum settingsEven accounting for those facts, the game is more than playable...beautiful setting, great detail, follows the WH40K verse by the book and is what i'd expect when being on a space hulk in Dark Angel Terminator Armor, animations can get a bit buggy occasionally but it's still a solid playAll that being said, Keep your expectations realistic and leveled, and expect what you'd get on a game the day it launches and its worth the money, its not a bad game but its not perfect either, theres plenty more good that go with the bad"
76561197971476367,Not Recommended,298900,29107885,Posted: 7 January,all,Devo_N|osis,"This game has so much promise, but it is a bug-ridden mess. I mean really buggy. Patches have made it nearly playable. Underlying gameplay is sort of weak. Mods could easily fix that, but it's not moddable, so you are stuck with the ten levels they give you."
76561198112719255,Recommended,298900,29310022,Posted: 16 January,all,mschalik3209,"to the walking tank statements in other peoples reviews: i must say you are both right and wrong. sorry but i gotta.if u read up on space hulk rules/ lore you'd know that genestealers are a threat even to mighty tanky terminators. so even though they be walking tanks they still are vunerable to genestealers. i must admit that the weakness of my armour to small arms fire and krak missiles is dissapointing. as to librarian powers, how about you guys read about how taxing that is on even the strongest psykers like Tiberius... Channeling that much power is freaking EXAUSTING! now i would like to see force lightning get a larger aoe and maybe a better and larger chain effect. the weapons have flaws, i admit. i found the semi-auto of the redemption and hellfire stormbolters hugely useless. they gotta be autofire (with an understandable drop in rof), but gotta be auto or else u get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by baddies. plasma cannons suck. stormbolter needs more ammo with that huge box mag. assault cannon i found fun. flamer was balanced, if you read the stories from BL, you hear of genestealers jumping and attacking while on fire. melee was OK. thunderhammer was AWESOME. power fist needs a damage boost. i would love to see a chain fist. force sword needs a huge damage boost (rules wise force weapons are really the one hit killers on the melee battlefield).escort missions are a fact of life in tactics based games. they can (if done right) be a real challenge for a player.even though i agree that there is much work for the devs to do, i must say all in all not a horrid game. far better than dow3, as it returns wh40k videogames back into the dark and gory future with all the gritty unpleasantries of the wh40k universe."
,Not Recommended,298900,29331463,Posted: 17 January,all,*Noobstar*,boring...buggy and graphics are not too attraching. never the less...i wouldn't recommend this game.
76561198096443966,Recommended,298900,34807061,Posted: 7 September,all,smokezilla,needs a horde mode     fun game
,Recommended,298900,28428725,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hobotorium,its fun and pretty much left 4 dead but you're a terminator kill team
76561197977520869,Recommended,298900,33247687,Posted: 4 July,all,Silverquick,"This is actually a surprisingly good game, very authentic 40K feel to it too.I am impressed. The weapons are good, the armor is good, all of it really. The environments and the Space Hulk feel like the real deal.On top of that its surprisingly fun. Would not have expected that after the mixed reviews, so they  either lied... or the Devs did make significant improvements to the game.Right now, this is a very good game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28439198,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BuQQzzxX,"Nope,  too many bugs... and doesnt look nearly as good as what was advertised..."
76561198098278172,Recommended,298900,30514803,Posted: 14 March,all,Aleax,"I can recommend this game, despite all the negative reviews.... It is exactly as advertised. You are a Deathwing terminator (a human elite marine of the future) exterminating genestealers (tyranid infiltrators). At launch, the game was cheaper than your other games (40 Euros), and therefore I was not looking for cinematics in it, or other goodies of this same vein, just a game when I will be a terminator in a gothic atmosphere, and in that, the game is a success.I encountered personally one bug once, and this has been fixed since then. Althought this game may be played with friends, it works without. You do exactly the same things in multiplayer, you exterminate genestealers and that's the point of the game. Kill Xenos in the name of the Emperor, this is a wonderful game for that. And don't forget, the game allows you incarnate a Terminator of the elite Dark Angel chapter in superbly detailed space hulks. There are no words for that.If you don't like futuristic gothic atmosphere, perillous combat against avid monsters, and be a terminator, you should not buy that game though."
76561198123611910,Not Recommended,298900,31193008,Posted: 16 April,all,RedHeadDragon88,"I have never done a game review before. This game has made me finally do it. I have a love/hate relationship with this game. I can't save my progress. I have to wait for autosaves but the autosave is never close to where I left off. Often times, it just shoots me back to the beginning of the chapter. But I fought through it. I played the game up until chapter 9. But Chapter 9 almost made me headbutt my monitor over and over again. Whenever I get close to the upper left section of the map, which you have to do to grab all the relics, the game freezes and crashes to desktop. Everytime... Game files verified. I tried reloading the chapter and starting from scratch, and again it happens. I lowered all my settings to low. Still crashes. I tried doing everything else on the map, and came back thinking maybe it was a boundary issue, still crashes. I just want to beat the game. I want to experience the ending, and I want to know what happens when I collect all the relics. And I don't want to watch it on Youtube. I want to do it. And I can't. I paid $40 for this game to experience the ending and I can't. Super frustrating... I love everything else about this game. I love the voice acting, I love the level design, I love the weapons, I love the command features, I love the art. But I've noticed that subtitles don't always match with the dialogue. My companions seem to think that stepping in front of me all the time must be their idea of providing an open lane of fire. So I do want to recommend this game but it can be so infuriating sometimes. So play this game if you want. This has only been my experience."
76561198001285446,Not Recommended,298900,29507011,Posted: 26 January,all,KillWinter,Games like this are why Preordering is a bad idea.
76561198026622083,Not Recommended,298900,29396322,Posted: 21 January,all,catachanmartijn,"be very, very carefull when you buy thiseven though they claim that the game is ""updated"" I still have isseus.massive lag spikes, for more than 5 seconds my whole computer freezes.this game is not fully done. serious guys. when did it become so cool to sell unfinished games. and call them ""alpha""dear employers who worked on space hulk, deathwing.slap your boss, 6 times. do a rant about how short the timeline was. and then go back to your workplace. and finish the game.sincerlythis guy"
,Not Recommended,298900,28502674,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Duthar,"I've been a huge fan of Warhammer 40k for a while. Though I've never had the money to get into tabletop (or the skill to paint minitures anything other than solid black) I enjoy the lore, have devoured several books, and have played many Warhammer 40k games on principal of it being a 40k game.So when I heard of a game where you get to play as Space Marines clad in Terminator armor slogging through a Spacehulk to mow down Tyranids, I was beside myself with glee. I pre-ordered it, and eagerly awaited my chance to play. I should have known it was a mistake the moment I played the beta. Just trying to launch it, it crashed three times at the first loading screen, crashed one more time in the tutorial loading screen, and just to mix things up, the tutorial didn't proceed, forcing me to restart where it then, predictably, crashed. But it's just a beta, right? This must be a prelude to the epic gameplay that the full game will have, right?Oh, how wrong I was. Multiplayer is in shambles, and I've crashed each time I tried to launch single player. Load times are awful and the game will stutter at the most random of times. While I hardly have a super computer, it can handle the game comfortably at medium settings with a horde of enemies on screen, gibbing and swinging wildly. But then I'll walk through a doorway and freeze for a good 10 seconds. I've changed my loadout and had my controls freeze on me, only being able to move and look, but not shoot, attack, or do much of anything else. And I can't count how many times it would randomly just crash on me. I've played early alpha games that were more stable than this so-called ""full release.""Now that is just from a technical standpoint. Moving onto the gameplay: it's a horde based FPS, where the meekest creature in the horde can kill you fairly quickly, and you must expend more than a reasonable amount of effort to lay it low in turn. When you point your fully automatic miniature rocket propelled grenade launcher at a flimsy hybrid of alien and human and pull the trigger, they'll take it like a champ instead of, say, being gruesomely mangled by the detonations riddling their frail form, and be reduced to a fine red mist. When you swing your Power Fist, a weapon capable of punching through tank armor (in lore) and through bulk heads (in game) you lightly caress the nearest Genestealer, gazing deep into their enchanting eyes as they viciously eviserate you. Even the heavy weapons specialist, the class most capable of flicking the switch on their gun from ""pew pew"" to ""rock and roll"" suffers from unsatisfying firepower, and so many weapon jams it would be unacceptable by modern standards, let alone in the far flung future where fighting litteral demons capable of devouring your soul are not an uncommon occurence.The one, and I'm willing to say ONLY thing they get right is the atmosphere. Genestealers are scary, Terminators feel clunky, and the ship is claustrophobic and oppressive with gothic architecture mingled with the technology used by a backwards civilization who decided lobotomizing convicts and installing hardware into their newly unoccupied skulls equals a great computer.In short, the premise of the game is to play as the Emperor's Chosen, brave a Spacehulk belched into reality from the chaotic reality of the Warp, face down endless hordes of vicious Genestealers and more monstrous Tyranids, in pursuit of something dregged up from the Dark Angel's darker past.Instead, you play as a gang of bumbling idiots stuck in cardboard boxes, shooting BB guns at creatures that blink in and out of existence to shred you to ribbons without breaking a sweat, and get to sit back and enjoy 70 second respawn timers when a rocket with pinpoint accuracy slaps you across the face.I'm trying to get a refund for this game at the moment of writing this review because, more than I regret buying this game, I regret funding a company that produced E.Y.E., a game plagued with problems, and released this, another game plagued with problems, showing they neither learned from past mistakes, nor put much effort into the game itself. Sadly, I will have to say to you, dear reader, without any doubt in my mind, to pass on this game."
76561198013364383,Not Recommended,298900,34825025,Posted: 8 September,all,evbeaulieu,"Hate the radial menu, this is one the worst implementations i've seen totally jumpy and it's inappropriate for this kind of combat. Trying to get your apothecary to heal your third companion during combat is a waste of time, literally, the menu will jump around and if you  are struck by melee forget it. There really aren't that many commands to issue and why we can't remap these functions to hard keys and eliminate the ridiculous radial menu, I can't figure...especially since this has been a top complaint since day one...HELLO DEVS!!Besides the tutorial being too short and that it does not cover everything by a long shot. The biggest ommission is that you start with two psy powers, but they never even tell you about the first one, triggering outside of combat doesnt really tell you what it does so I tried it in combat and nice enough it blasts bad guys, yay,  but until you stumble upon it when you get skill points you don't really know what it is...This game has great POTENTIAL if they fixed the stupid radail menu I'd be playing again in a moment. Till that day I'll spend my time elsewhere and I advise you do the same with your money."
,Not Recommended,298900,31180920,Posted: 16 April,all,DeMaShi! Satananas,"Totaly boring. Walking around , fighting a wave of enemys... keep walking. Big levels with nothing in it. No more WH 40K preordering for me.  Recommended price maybe 15 €. Nothing special in here."
76561198026291022,Recommended,298900,32060469,Posted: 30 May,all,Flash Git,"If you played the first Starcraft and you remember the cinematic of the marines fighting zerg on a science vessel, well this game is that in a nut shell. There is nothing like unloading an assault cannon down a hall with tyranids exploding and the light show from your own weapon in the dark halls of the space hulk."
,Not Recommended,298900,28623218,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,Disappointment simulator 40k
76561197961928118,Recommended,298900,28381882,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chris,"I feel like this one is getting unfairly bashed. It's fun if you like Vermintide/L4D gameplay. Lots of cool, authentic WH40K stuff. More enemy types than you might suspect. Huge Levels. Really good gore on the enemies, cool bullet decals, and effects.Friendly AI not as good as L4D, but pretty competent. Much better than Vermintide AI (since there is a single player campaign.) The only order I've really needed to worry about is healing.I haven't had any performance issues. Only bugs I have noticed are that my loadout changed after a certain cutscene, and the mouse y-invert applies to the orders interface as well as the player camera...kind of annoying, but I'm already used to it.-Recommend"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368830,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TRS_Ashton,"Even after reading a handful of reviews I was surprised by how unpolished this is and decided to refund it after 45 minutes. It ran fine on my machine so performance isn't a topic here. The visuals were cool. The fiction is awesome. For me it fails on fundamentals, both the simple stuff and the larger stuff. For example:-Took 45 minutes to run into my first bad guys and when I did, I was mobbed by baddies at point blank range and killed nearly instantly.-As a result, I failed the first campaign mission and was forced to watch all of the campaign's intro cinematics again. Should be skippable, at LEAST the second time around.-Can walk off of some platforms and not others. When the mission objective is to navigate from one location to another, you must have a clean language for where the player can and can't go. Inconsistency here leads to player frustration.-There are well lit ladders in the very first level, but you can't climb ladders in this game! Why put them there then?!?!?! The ship is damaged, have them broken, or don't have them there at all. All it does is communicate the wrong information to the player. We've spent our whole lives with ladders, we know what they're supposed to do!-Pressing the ""M"" button brings up the map but you can only close it again by pressing the ""resume"" button. Gameplay suggests you check the map pretty often. This should have been a toggle (press ""M"" to open and close the map.)-While loading the first mission (and I assume future missions) you are in a dropship and can look around. Once the map loads, instead of busting out of the dropship, it rips you out of it and puts you in a mission screen where you have to listed to a guy talk before it'll let you continue. Have him talk during the dropship sequence! Ripping me out breaks the immersion. I was prepping for landing and then get ripped out of it.-They have a preference setting for head bob but apparently it doesn't affect weapon kick, which is extreme enough to make me a little nautious (something that never happens to me on other FPS's.)-You've gotta command the medic to heal you. That seems really weird. The act of commanding a medic to heal me isn't a fun action as a player and it doesn't make sense in the fiction. If the guy is a medic and I have 10 health, he should heal me. If he can't make those sort of decisions on the battlefield, I don't want him on my squad. It doesn't add anything to the game.I want to believe the game was just rushed out the door rather than judging the development team. Could have been a really cool game, and for those are willing to overlook the sort of stuff that bugged me, maybe there's still a cool game under all of it but it's not for me. Way too much other stuff I want to play to force myself to slog through this."
,Not Recommended,298900,28436668,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SpiderPig,"So everyone is having different experiences, mostly based on performance. So as to not sound too critical and just state the performance based on my machine specs. It runs pretty badly on my PC. I am running at 2560 x 1080 (21:9) with everything on HIGH setting and I have a 3570k 16gb DDR3 PC19200 MSI 290x and installed on a Samsung 850 Pro SSD and I have been lucky to get above 30 fps.I would recommend waiting till they patch it, but it has the potential to be a fun game, though not currently."
76561198114086161,Not Recommended,298900,29831815,Posted: 10 February,all,[BWC] Rhok,I dont recall a game in my library I regret spending time and money on more than this.
76561197976562596,Not Recommended,298900,28470240,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Vulture,"Played Beta, saw some of the same bugs still in game.   Played the SP campaign and found out AI  for companions is just as dumb as a hybrids'.    Your tank let's the hordes claw on him and even as a fully ranked up ""Immortal"" does not ever use a power fist  to clear away those in melee.   And good luck  on those missile hybrids your AI companions ignore them  if there are in melee even though the hybrids do more damage to your group.As for the UI , in SP trying to get your  squad healed up while in combat is  annoying and shows  how little thought went into the commo rose dial in that it is not unit specific and keyboard shortcuts don't have a combo to heal or target specifics.   But it gets worse in group move commands get ignored in later chapters seemingly due to map geometry.As for technical i7 at 4.4g and 16db with SSDs and a 1070 and using the Heavy flamer brought my frame rates down to stop motion level of inplayability even after the latest drivers.I played too many hours to refund and it's not a big deal for me, but I hope others don't waste money on this incomplete game"
76561198032865614,Not Recommended,298900,28436314,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Judge Bredd,"Completely unplayable for me. Anytime that my team enters combat, every 10 or 20 seconds I freeze for 5 to 10 seconds which makes it utterly frustrating and unbearable. This was a problem encountered in beta, but not by me. There are others like me as well.Do not buy, wait and see."
,Not Recommended,298900,28674157,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,♫ 夏天,There's no levelling in multiplayer. Its either you start with level 1 or you apply codex rules.I dont see where the fun is anymore.
,Recommended,298900,28368279,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pyromanical Walrus,"This game is great. You actually have to wade through the bodies of the tyranids, thats how many you kill. I didn't think my computer would be able to run this at a solid 60 fps but it is able to without even monkeying around in the settings and turning things on and off! I love the Storm bolter and how meaty the bullets feel although I do think its kinda crazy that the Hybrids with their little pea shooters can even dent TERMINATOR ARMOR!Also the Storm bolter is literally two automatic rocket launchers welded together, I feel like it should sound a bit deeper.I'm just nit-picking at this point. If you buy this game just know two things.1. Cover is for nerds2. You have unlimited ammo, so never not be firing at the Tyranids."
,Recommended,298900,28803640,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wasabi Wei,"This game is worth buying on sale for 30 or 40 bucks if you are a 40k Space Marine fan, particularly if you have read many of the Horus Heresy or Chapter Novels and are looking for the experience of stalking around that universe in Terminator armor killing Tyranids aboard a Space Hulk, uncovering Chapter Lore from Heresy times as a more 'modern' universe Librarian.The feel and details are totally on point although there are technical issues like framerate dropping in heavy (particularly gory and satisfying) combat and the save system being less than user-friendly and MP being spotty according to many although I have not tried the MP portion of the game yet. For me the SP campaign was worth the $33 but I can see adopting a 'wait and see' attitude on this title I still have to recommend it. It is a very unique experience, unlike most ganes in pace and set up. I like it a lot, personally. Hasten slowly and purge the Xenos!"
76561197970921910,Not Recommended,298900,28392228,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fraggie,"The Multiplayer is not as advertised! Do not buy this game if you want to play it with friends!The Campaign is fairly decent, but without the Coop it does not feel like a good game.It could have been so much better, if you could just play the Campaing in Coop with lootcrates and everything that was promised, but now it is just useless and without fun.The netcode is a joke and most of the times your game will crash if you want to join a Server. If you sucessfully join a Server, your game may or may not crash. And even then its not even close to stable.The coding is a joke. I have the same PC Set as a friend of mine (we bought the same PC System) and my game has graphical lags and his game works fine, which slowed down the multiplayer process even more.If you want a game only for Singleplayer, you can buy it. If you wanted the game for the coop, then dont.I recommend Warhammer End Times Vermintide, if you want the coop experience in the Warhammer Universe. But not this piece of shattered hopes and dreams.If you find salt, you can keep it..."
76561197961155896,Not Recommended,298900,28366020,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Abra,"I had big hopes for this game, I bought the first game they made because I respect new game developers and they had some interesting ideas and concepts, so when they announced this game with a beautiful teaser I was hooked. Fast forward to release, unfortunatly I can't really play it, you see both in beta and now in release the game crashes frequently so I never really get a good impression of the actual gameplay. I have asked for a refund, I might rebuy in the coming months if the game becomes stable and playable but for now its a no."
76561198023402654,Recommended,298900,28858361,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gasperitis,I am enjoying this game.  I remapped my key bindings and it makes for great shooting and slashing through xenosThe graphics are amazing and they put tons of detail which adds to the warhammer 40k setting.
76561198119357339,Not Recommended,298900,28394123,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Commisar Ortuus,"Choppy framerate, the only playable mission is the tutorial, and the game is constantly crashing. My rig isn't a damned jet engine, but it's no mid-line. This was a game that I was excited for. I was ready to lay down the Exterminatus on some Xenos scum. But sadly, I cannot.Therefore, until the dev team fixes these issues I cannot recommend this title, and I'm honestly thinking about a refund."
76561198025663269,Not Recommended,298900,28398853,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,IceM@n,At this moment this game is crap. We tryied yesterday to complete Chapter 1 in co-op and it was complete failiure. If the game host tried to change inventory game crashed for everyone (each time). We played 5 times. There is no host migration system implemented. Additionaly last time the host did not enter the inventory but game cruched almost at the very end of the chapter 1 and till today we didn't acomplished this part of the game. At this point muti is not fun and usable. Better sollution is Vermintide. I'm very dissapointed :(
,Not Recommended,298900,28366411,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,biei,"Pagaidām konkrēts sūds, nekas nav mainījies kopš Closed Beta stadijas. Pat nevaru iedomāties kas būtu jādara lai šo spēli padarītu atmosfērisku un baudāmu. Par saslavēto Mele cambat var paklusēt, nepārliecinošs ar mistiskiem hitboxiem kur nevienā brīdī nevar sajust ka kādam vispār trāpi. Galvenā spēles ideja  - ej pa tuneli uz objective, pēkšņi notiek kaut kāds marazms un visapkārt citplanētiešu klonu armija, ne īsti kādam var iešaut, jo šaušanas mehānika swarm brīžos ļoti pieklibo, ne arī iesist, jo visticamāk ka aizsitīs garām hitboxam. Lecošam citplanētietim trāpīt ir tikpat lielas izredzes kā uzvarēt super bingo.  Īsāk sakot sūds."
,Not Recommended,298900,28392344,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Distractionz,"TLDR; Don't buy this game (yet). There are more technical bugs than shootable bugs at it's current state.Long version:This game really had a promising start to me. I pre-ordered it all the way back in September, looking like that 4-man co-op game I've been waiting for for a long time. Back then, release date was to be in the end of November, meaning I'd have to wait for two months for my game. Normally I never pre-order, it tends to let you down a bit too often.Anyways, after those two months, there was an announcement that the game would be delayed, and a closed beta would come at the original release date, followed by an open beta. I've played during this open beta, and the experience was quite dreadful. I encountered major bugs back then, causing the game to glitch and crash. However, me being patient me, I told myself it was a beta, so this would be fixed by launch.Skip forward to release day, and the game only seems to have gotten worse. Whereas the game mostly had visual bugs and a few crashes during the beta, which I've played for a few hours, the actual game managed to give me 3 fatal errors within 45 minutes of gameplay, once respawning me within a wall, making alt-tabbing out of the game a 80% chance for visual bugs that make the game unplayable and seeing others continuously drop from the matches I'm in.However, putting all that aside, this game did look aesthetically promising, the gameplay was solid and felt nice, framerate was great and it was the experience I was looking for. The atmosphere inside these spacehulks really added to the game and in general, playing it really made me feel like a badass space marine popping puny little aliens.In other words, this game HAS promise. It just isn't currently playable because the huge amount of gamebreaking bugs, which should've been fixed even before beta.I have refunded the game for now, I might come back to it later to see whether it has gotten any better, but until they actually fixed these major flaws, I'm not going to recommend it."
,Recommended,298900,28498238,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"Its time for the next review....ok, so deathwing.... I think the project is gonna see fruition. The people behind the project have not shown the major sins usual to cash grabbers. So lets give them some credit there. Yes the release was a trainwreck.... oh man.... But you should see the current build in comparison to the release. Everything they promised has come to pass and more. So lets give them credit for that as well.The current build is still a little unstable on some systems but my 2011 build can run it fine. (not on high settings but pretty stable) ive had 1 crash in this quarters build.The gameplay is comming along nicely, i dont think its quite there... a little rough edges but each and every patch brings smoother gameplay. The single player is pretty smooth.The content offered in sp and mp are worth the price and more is to come as they bring development to close.The current state desurves my support and as with all games will be reviewed if things change... good or bad."
76561197966333069,Not Recommended,298900,28448518,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[CSS]soss,"I really don't care about the haters who say a valid review cannot be forumlated from such short gameplay. The rules laid down to get a refund mean I have to decide, and decide quickly, this is the first game I have ever refunded on steam. The idea behind this game is fantastic, with so much intellectual property to work with, and it has been so♥♥♥♥♥♥poorly executed that I believe the only way to make sure the devs, and of course Games Workshop take notice of this, is to take my money back from them, as they really should not be getting anywhere near the cost of a triple A title in their pockets for this."
76561197986067223,Not Recommended,298900,28381562,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cpt.Antilles,"First review ever, that said: to play this game you need an i7 core minimum or some witch-god heathen magic or something.  Sadly,  the Emperor has fallen.  Maybe the next game will be Eldar or Necron based.  I will give it 3 (three) days to patch, optimize, sacrafice a thral, but as of now if I was Games Workshop I would be embarrassed.  Should be retitled spacehulk deathwing firewarrior.  I should say that the beta played fine."
,Recommended,298900,33729376,Posted: 22 July,all,Hinghoi PC Faster,"At least they make atmosphere right,graphic are not too Cartoony like Dawn of War III and gameplay better than Marine Colonial."
76561198199894428,Recommended,298900,33716865,Posted: 22 July,all,Witchetty Grub,"After reading the earlier reviews on this game i was pretty reluctant to buy it but decided ""what the hell, i'll buy it"". I've played about 2 hours so far, and can say that i am in no way dissapointed with this game at all. The warhammer atmosphere has been captured perfectly and engaging the enemy as a terminator makes you feel very powerful. Yes, there are some slight performance improvements that need to happen, but overall based on the fact that the devs keep patching and will continue to give more free content i can't complain. Happy Purging!"
,Recommended,298900,33715547,Posted: 22 July,all,Da_poopz,"At first launch, this game was clunky at best. After the most recent patch which added a new class and new special missions the game is way more enjoyable. Special Missions add a much need factor of variety by adding randomized objectives throughout the base level maps. The design of the game really makes you feel like you are stomping around in power armor. More times than not you will find you and your squad moving down hallways and corridors single file fighting through hordes of xenos. a fun experience which has definitely been improved by active developers. A must have for any Warhammer 40k fans."
,Not Recommended,298900,29555950,Posted: 28 January,all,Spillblood,"After the first mission everything is exactly the same, not very  creative. Multiplayer is very buggy, lalot of disconnect and joining bugs."
,Not Recommended,298900,29527337,Posted: 27 January,all,Toddijt,False advertising!
,Not Recommended,298900,28490740,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Patam0n,STILL WAITING FOR AN UPDATE!!!!
76561197969792590,Not Recommended,298900,28491227,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,CmdrLOBO_[VOV],"NO MORE PRE ORDERING for me!!!(Warning some content may contain humor. Some may not)+ Beautiful graphics.Foreboding atmosphere.Highly detailed enviornments, armor, weapons.- Maps and objectives drag on and on and on.. There really is an unlimited supply of murdering space cockroaches.Findable relics have no real use or flavor and are not in any logical places so exploring an entire map to find them is a waste of time.Squadmates say boring repetative limited things.*I'm betting Deathwings never get invited to any Space Marine parties.Space Wolves probably host the parties, and the Blood Ravens are probably the first ones invited!Squadmates although having melee weapons cannot defend themselves in melee combat unless given strictly melee only weapons like lightning claws.Squadmates mostly just obscure your view. Fire through them, what the hell.Can I hire some Tyranids? They fight pretty good.The story seems to mostly be explained visually by the maps and the few computer terminals scattered about which is ok, since the dialogue by who ever your Chapter master is lacks any real conviction FOR THE EMPEROR! OR THE IMPERIUM!The (levels) space ships we're supposed to be fighting through look like castles and sewers and nothing like space ships.Huge magic floating sewer treatment plants IN SPACE!Didn't try multiplayer.Mildly a fan of Warhammer 40k."
76561198146806541,Not Recommended,298900,29527401,Posted: 27 January,all,TheBeardedJoker,"DO NOT BUY!!on the store it says it is a finished game which is clearly a lie, the multiplayer aspect is none existent as there servers arent there, you cant host a game 50% of the time and when you can and you send invites out, they dont work. after managing to setup a server it does not appear in the server list.Do not get this game if you are looking to play with friends, it may be great as a single player game. If that is the case then the game should be half the price at least due to only having half the features"
76561198006030728,Not Recommended,298900,29555167,Posted: 28 January,all,therontmoore,"not as good as ""Space Marine"" or the other Space Hulk games; glad it was a gift!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28478870,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dat Boi Floz,"He who stands with me shall be my brother.Ok. So all glory for the Emperor aside, and all dark secrets of the 1st overlooked, this game is incredibly busted.I love 40k, I adore terminators and I am not regretting my purchase in the slightest. There are some days when you get back from work or have a day off and just want to smash some nids with an assault cannon. This is the game for that. Rather, this could be the PERFECT game for that.If it weren't for a few major errors. Particularly regarding the multiplayer (single player campaign is fun, immersive but does not warrant $45AUD itself).We want to discover the secrets of the First and Sar Luther with our battle-brothers. Which is made very difficult through the myriad of following issues;- You never know how much damage you take. Yes your armour glows varying colours when you've been hit. But your right arm could be red, everything else fine, a genestealer jumps you from behind and suddenly you're dead. This comes down to a poor depiction of how healthy you are. Running co-op missions with friends is a constant stream of ""you're on half health, watch out for that stalker....oh"".- There are no checkpoints in multi. You can get to the absolute end of the mission, not see a mob of stalkers (easy to do when it's just 2 of you playing on hard), become another skull for the skull throne and wind up listening to Belial talk for another unskippable minute before repeating the entire mission from the start.- There are two game modes - normal rules and codex rules. Normal rules allow inventory changes in the mission by pressing ""I"", useful for Assault and Gunner classes. Just make sure that the host doesn't check their inventory because then the entire game crashes and boots the rest of the squad. No saves remember. Back to Belial.- Additionally, normal mode insinuates you can respawn and progress through levels and get new equipment. Your healer dies to a broodlord, you get swamped.Two options appear; ""Fix It"" (believe me we'd love to) or ""Continue""""Click fix it,"" my mate says to me.We click it. Yup, no respawn. Back to the start and back to the same spiel from Belial (unskippable remember).Another broodlord....""Click continue this time.""No respawn...back to Belial.We get our sh** sorted, get our classes right and jump into another boarding action. We only play as a 2-man (the cruel reality of 40k fans :P). Oh hey the difficulty doesn't scale. The struggle of a broodlord is hectic with a 2-man.We beat it. We actually beat it.""Oooh, awesome I got a level 5 ability I didn't know i could.""Yup, presses ""I"" to check the ability. Game crashes, we lose ALL progression.So yes. Terminators are great. Belial's voice is stuck in my head. The environments are amazing and Tyranids are actually the least of your concerns when it comes to bugs.When they fix it, if the fix it, definitely buy the game. Until then, steer clear and just play Dawn of War for a little bit longer, or do ANOTHER run through of Space Marine.Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment."
76561198002545933,Not Recommended,298900,28497128,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bob The Truck Driver,Game is unplayable due to bugs. I am going to see if there are refunds available due to the number of issues.
,Recommended,298900,32504044,Posted: 17 June,all,Larsterix,Burn the heretic. Kill the mutant. Purge the unclean
76561197971205273,Recommended,298900,32895501,Posted: 27 June,all,Chilli Dog,"I had this game on my wish list but the bad reviews and high price kept me away. Just bought it on sale and I have not regretted it. The atmosphere is great, the levels seem huge and my Battle Brothers are not entirely stupid.Load times must have been improved from those talked about in early reviews and I have not experienced any lag on Medium settings (My PC is 5 years old).The game does crash about once per play session and I have experienced one graphic glitch where all the walls disappeared. This is disappointing and I hope the developers continue to bug fix  but they have not stopped me enjoying the game.I am in it for the single player so can't comment on multiplayer."
76561198042591023,Recommended,298900,32918421,Posted: 28 June,all,KekKommando,"Though it had a rocky start I feel like Deathwing has gotten to the point where I can recommend it. Does it still have flaws? Of course. It needs more optimization, more weapon options(though you'll have to shy away from lore for this to be a reality), and maybe some more one-off missions to keep things lively. The squad based co-op is fantastic. You find yourselves charging down dark passageways, all the trappings of a gritty science-fiction universe surround you. Steaming pipes, blinking lights, decaying bodies, blood splatters, immense machinery, all manner of technology. Suddenly you hear screeching and the scraping of claws and a horde of vile beasts rushes you. Your squadmate's rotary cannon roars into life, spraying the hall with blood. You swing your powerfist, smashing apart the closest one into a gory mess as your bolter chews through another. Combat is visceral and bloody. Flank if you dare, but stray too far and you'll fall helplessly. Blob together if you want, but suffer as a enormous alien beast tears your squad into pieces as you make a delicious treat for it in your little blob. Deathwing is hard enough to feel challenging and rewarding, but beatable enough not to be frustrating. It has plenty of issues that I eagerly await to see fixed, and the devs seem to be taking their time and rolling out solid updates with good content. So long as they keep up that trend, I'd be willing to throw down money on a DLC at some point if we can see more unique weapons, or some shorter campaigns to play as the Terminators of other chapters. I'd love to fight my way through a Space Hulk as Black Templars, Carcharodons, Imperial Fists, or any other number of Chapters in the lore."
76561198009911850,Not Recommended,298900,28382881,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dathorn,"Runs smooth for a few minutes, then becomes completely unplayable. System is above recomended, games needs a fix. Wait to buy this, it is worthless right now."
,Not Recommended,298900,28700320,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alduin L. Hearth,"I want to love the game, but connection problems coupled by INSTA-KILL GLITCH, UNEXPLAINED WEAPON JAMMING DESPITE NOT JAMMING OR EVEN SKILL AVAILABILITY BUT UNUSABLE; I cannot recommend this game to you if you want an enjoyable game without hindrances. Don't get me started on the DC-ing, everyone on my squad will drop off the server without reason and would be required to rejoin. That's troubling if you're like us, we only have so much time for playing that DC-ing is not acceptable."
76561197978763217,Not Recommended,298900,28395068,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Noluth,"Crashes, lag, lockups, horrible loading times. This game ain't ready. It's a shame really, it looked fun."
,Not Recommended,298900,28448667,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Public Security Section 9,Game had potential but fell short in every category.No Marine Customization.Few different weapon styles.Bad AI.Dry story.Boring combat that amounts to just hordes of enemies that can clip through eachother to attack.
,Not Recommended,298900,28494123,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Orpheus1772,"Its pretty much like Vermintide: aesthetics and atmosphere are right (loved the sentinel near the elevator in the second level), guns and psy powers feel alright so far, same with sound effects ( they arent ""Space Marine"" great but also not ""Fire Warrior"" bad) and the price is technically okay, if it wasnt for all the problems this game has, just to name a few:- Lousy AI, your terminator friends are unable to move backwards and fire at the same time, disregard the horde of genestealers shredding you to pieces pal, just watch me shot through you.And it not just your teammate AI, genestealers prefer to climb up the same ladder over and over again, getting hammered by your bolter, instead of taking the stairs left and right to flank you, so much for genestealers being advanced and one of the scariest weapons the hivemind has.Especially problematic when the game heavily depends on the AI not being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.- Turrets you enable cant or dont want to shot genestealers, but the second you enter the room you receive a hail of gunfire? With all the advanced tech in your suit and the ship you would think there is a friend foe identification, not to mention hacking said turrets is counterproductive at best since you will lose control of it once a genestealer is near you which pretty much happens 99% of the time, because your AI teammates cant keep them off of you and the actual damage those things deal is laughable.- Who allowed genestealers, not the hybrids, to open doors?! Whats the point of having doors in the first place then? There are a billion vents and cracks they can flood through?- Team management is a joke, I dont expect Brothers in Arms but something along the line like Republic Commando in 2016 isnt much to ask for.- Unskippable mission intros ? (I havent found a key for it.)- Forced tutorial when starting a new game.That said its from the guys who made E.Y.E. and if you played it, you shouldnt be suprised or complain about anything in this game, so I dont know why I do.Im fairly certain it will just end up like E.Y.E., though - a niche game, loved by a handful, avoided by the mass, IF it gets a bunch of performance/balance patches and something like mod support for customization and custom maps or it will end up just like Vermintide, the devs there realized to late fighting the same handful of enemies over and over again in another handful of maps with a couple of different ojectives wont keep you playing in the long run and you have the exact same thing here."
,Not Recommended,298900,29585951,Posted: 30 January,all,Olden Wolf,"Got this game for Christmas by a really good friend of mine.All of my friendship group who play tabletop Warhammer and warhammer in general were buzzing for this game, we all pre-ordered ready to play together.The only person who could actually decently run it was one person. I was perfectly fine running though the game, walking about and exploring, completely and utterly beautiful. That's not the point though. As soon as I ran into a horde my whole computer would just screech and cry for help, chugging like there's no tomorrow.I am not the only person having this as well, everyone else minus that one person had that EXACT issue. I literally couldn't play the game as the chugging was too much for my lovely little PC. Which defo shouldn't happen.The loading times as well are just bloody awful. I literally went to the loo, made myself a lovely cup of tea, got myself some nice biccies', and it was STILL loading and had time left. (True story.)Not to mention, when I decided to do the multiplayer camp with a friend, none of the story was playing or anything. Brilliant story mode, right?I can't say ive ever asked a friend to refund a gift, I felt like a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥but im not letting someone spend a good £25.00 on a gift for me which doesn't work.As someone who is into the warhammer 40k universe, and someone who is a Tyranid player (I can slay my own faction thx) I was so let down by this game. I shouldn't have expected much since every Warhammer game seems to have this horrid curse."
76561197966366917,Not Recommended,298900,28979885,Posted: 3 January,all,DougyM,"Game runs fine until waves of NPC's start spawning, FPS dips noticably and stuttering occurs as a result. Allied NPC's also have a tendency to walk striaght in front of you when you are trying to engage in combat, overall combat mechanics seem extremely shallow and consist mostly of holding down left click and then spamming Q to melee anything that comes near you when your gun needs to be reloaded or jams.Its not a disaster of a game but its got a long way to go before its got anything other than its 40K license to brag about and given the glut of 40K titles being released since GW relaxed their IP rights for games companies that bragging point is not all that strong itself."
76561197970910841,Recommended,298900,28513942,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Falaris,"I recommend this game, especially to warhammer fans.Why? First of all, the setting is great, the environments are nice and moody.The gameplay - the guns, swords etcetera - are well designed and mowing down genestealers are pretty satisfying.In multiplayer in particular - if your friends are in the mood for it - gives a nice and tense atmosphere, much like in Aliens.It probably requires a bit of investment for the players, mind you, but the payback is pretty good.Now, for my part trudging through corridors while waiting for xenomorph...err... genestealers to attack is a bit tense, especially in a less than full group. If you would rather find that tedious, that might mean you won't like the game a lot.It is worth noting that the game is based on the board game Space Hulk. While the combat is different - and it's a first person shooter - a lot of the rules and mechanics from the boardgame carry over, which may cause game mechanics that seem a little odd.There are things that are less good about it, some of which are inexplicable, but the thing is: What there is that is bad is the kind of things that are easily patched; changing a line of code here or there instead of major reworks. The things that you are mostly stuck with all work well. So I think it's good now and will be better in the future."
,Not Recommended,298900,28422430,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,KoKoa Skeeze,"They fixed it with a few patches but it is too late... If you really want this game, wait for a sale of 15$"
76561197993621199,Recommended,298900,33708198,Posted: 21 July,all,Bum with a stolen computer,This game came out feeling unfinished and buggy. They have however continued to update and add features to it. It continues to get better and better.
76561198059164355,Recommended,298900,33249563,Posted: 4 July,all,Professor Pain,"As a HUGE 40k fan I can honestly say this is probably the best 40k game on the market right now, lore is spot on the atmosphere is dark and captures the 40k universe with perfection.Let's start with the single player.Single player is decent if not relatlivly easy (compared to multiplayer) I suggest playing on hardest diffuculty if you really want a challenge. The story is what you would expect no real surprises unfortunatly and in all honesty the ending was kinda dissapointing. There are a few bugs that I have seen nothing really to be worried about, like the briefing before the mission the comander wont speak sometimes but you can still read it and continue with the mission. One thing that does annoy me is your fellow chapter brothers (other team mates) are very stupid, often they will stand there not doing anything until something hits them making you waste your heals on them or closing a door infront of them instead of walking through and closing it behind them locking themselves out and seperating themselves from you. Other than that I can't really say much more on single player other than it is too short for my liking.As for multplayer,Going through multiplayer brings a whole new challange and makes single player seem like a walk in the park on a cool summers day, endless wave after wave of tyrannids coming at you from all angles YOU WILL DIE, ALOT! What I don't like about multiplayer is the class system they have, each class only has a select few weapons you can choose from and whatever weapon you have in your right hand you can't select a weapon in your left, it's either power fist or power fist. Unless you use the standard storm bolter which is pretty much pointless to use in every sense in the word. Also throughout the mission you will level up and depending on what class you're will unlock more weapons and abilities for that class. Some abilities however do not work with the higher level weapons, for example as the assualt class your level 1 weapon is the assualt cannon ( basically a mini gun) and your first ability is a fire rate increase and you don't need to reload but it only lasts for a few seconds. However if you have the vengence cannon ( mini gun with less ammo slower rate of fire but more accurate and does more damage) this ability will not work rendering it pointless.Also going through the multiplayer campaign you will miss all cut scenes missing huge parts of the story, I don't know if this is a bug or what but the devs really need to fix this. Other than that the gameplay is fun and with the specail missions it has lots of re-playability, I don't want to make this review too long so ill end it with this.If you're a 40k fan buy this game, you will love it.I wish it had a steam workshop, I can't imagine the kind of mods that would take this game to a whole new level of fun if it had it PLEASE DEVS make this happen.All in all I would give this game a 7/10, well worth the money."
76561197975464456,Recommended,298900,33570923,Posted: 15 July,all,Decoy,"The recent addition of Special Missions allows you to play through the levels with randomized objectives and enemy spawns. It's enough to push this game into thumbs-up territory.It's gorgeous. The gunplay is solid. The melee is a little squishy, but not too bad. Really the only thing holding it back was the lack of randomized missions.Performance isn't...fantastic. But it's improved significantly since release and the developers seems dedicated to keeping those improvements coming."
,Not Recommended,298900,28394059,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pman,"far too shallow, no depth.Refunded"
,Not Recommended,298900,28412976,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MaGinty,Rush with terrible multiplayer. Such a shame.
,Recommended,298900,32462360,Posted: 15 June,all,Captain Burrito,"There hasn't been a 40k fps this lore-accurate since Firewarrior. A must have for any 40k fan, and a damn fine game on it's own. Left4Dead meets Alien Swarm."
,Recommended,298900,34926651,Posted: 13 September,all,OrmusKnight,"Playing v1.74 still isnt a bug free experiance, but if you can get past that its certainly enjoyable. High Tension and even panic created by the great art, level and sounds design. Made me nostagically reminisce about the 1993 Space Hulk as a bonus.Single player playthrough only."
76561198020871208,Not Recommended,298900,28496213,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,WatchHead,Yet another game that was realesed way before it was finished.Im not sure if it's the investors who pushed this game before it was ready or just lack of time.Either way i'm seeing a trend of games launching before they're done.I hope at least Dawn of War 3 is finished before it realeses and isn't just another expansion scam
,Recommended,298900,35038556,Posted: 17 September,all,TexanCanadian,"Came back 9 months after launch, and I feel like Im playing a different game so far. Need to spend a few more hours diving into it...but right off the bat, its impossible not to notice the work that has gone into making it run and feel more like the game we expected."
,Recommended,298900,34850954,Posted: 9 September,all,Rabid Jawa,"Game is fixed and functional. Campaign is fun, multiplayer is dead. Bring friends.Does 40k justice now that it's fixed.edit after playing more with friends:we've purged a red mechanicus vessel, purified a black templar crusade ship in a grand cathedral hall adorned with stained glass windows, gotten lost and confused at mysterious objects aboard an old Inquisition ship, and most recently were awestruck by a trophy carnifex skeleton on a rogue trader ship dated to 20k which we were promptly chased off of (screaming and laughing) by multiple broodlords. We had such a fun time.If you like 40k... GET THIS DAMN GAME! There is a LUDICROUS amount of fanservicey detail in the levels that we absolutely love (including inscriptions of sanctification by the ministorum adorning warheads in the BT crusade ship... awesome)"
76561198002296192,Recommended,298900,34874883,Posted: 10 September,all,Oria,"Got to say, this is quite a good game. Not sure why so many bad reviews, maybe I got this game after most bugs were fixed? I dont know... But having a fun time with this. The gameplay is smooth, weapons are fun, the graphics and details are amazing. Overall love this game.Also the levels are huge and not stupidly linear like most FPS out there. THAT alone, makes it really stand out to me. Each Chapter is a large scale, very detailed, map with tons of ways to get around."
,Recommended,298900,32420556,Posted: 14 June,all,Lynk9999,"It is a well paced shooter. it is by no means a perfect game it has its problems, but honestly worthwhile to pick up just for the pacing a true to concept of exploring a Death Hulk in Terminator armor."
,Recommended,298900,34833160,Posted: 9 September,all,OffshoreSHO,The best way to describe this game is Short and Sweet.Short game but it was sweet while it lasted.Expansion??
,Recommended,298900,34847648,Posted: 9 September,all,| nzDOG,"I'm enjoying this one after a couple of hours gameplay.    Really immersive, you definetly have the feel of being a space marine wrapped in Tactical Dreadnought Armour, stomping around a dirty old space hulk with bad guys everywhere. The environments are detailed and intense, the story typically mysterious, the enemies fast and furious.   Combat is pretty gory, so be warned.  There looks like quite a few weapons to try out, things to discover and your boys don't seem as derpy as earlier reviews claimed.  I like it, but as a caveat, I was  into 40k since high school."
,Recommended,298900,32399174,Posted: 13 June,all,Viktor,"Surprisingly, it's gotten better since release. Good job!Needs 4 players...COOP is a must."
,Not Recommended,298900,28498019,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Modecrypt,Don't buy this game.Preface: I'm a huge 40K fan.  I wanted this game to be great.* There is no multiplayer progression.* The combat is stale and there are no special mobs to mix things up (L4D).* The multiplayer host will crash if they open their inventory to change weapons mid mission.* The terminators feel too weak.* The enemies are just mindless bullet sponges.I should have waited a year and picked this up for 5 bucks.  Beware of the shill reviewers because they are really pushing positive reviews hard.  The game is a disaster right now... STEER CLEAR!
76561198103976643,Not Recommended,298900,29705102,Posted: 4 February,all,bobob,"This game sucks. The gameplay is unimaginative and clunky. And the game doesn't allow any kind of voice chat during multiplayer (it has no voice chat function of its own, but it monopolises your microphone so you can't use steam voice chat or discord). Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,298900,29329767,Posted: 17 January,all,Uglytruth,"It never felt like Space Hulk to me. It felt like a genestealer Pez dispenser.Close combat is WAAAAAY too important in this game. Bolters should be deadly accurate, have good range, and easily *expode* a hybrid with the slightest glancing hit. Stealers should melt under gunfire, but instantly rip you to shreds if you screw up and let them get close. They are supposed to work on surrounding you, working around your cover zones, while they creep up and eat your face. Instead, they spawn-and-rush. Then they spawn-and-rush.  Then they spawn-and-rush again.The result is that there's little strategy or depth involved."
,Not Recommended,298900,28397261,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Scyr,"This is my what, 2nd review ever on steam?Performance issues aside, the biggest issue I have with this is it commits the biggest sin in gaming.It's boring. Never in my life would I have thought that a Genestealer could appear less threatening than a Skaven."
76561198050434471,Recommended,298900,28457380,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,celbrion,"I am intended to write a short, mid-review.It is clear that the game needs some solid patches. I don't think the developers will be able to solve all the issues with one or two patches. I also don't think the developers wanted to release the game at this state, but there is a fact called ""the publisher"", plus the community pressure.The game just needs some time.For tonight and last night, I was able to play multiplayer with no issues at all, and I enjoyed the game. The atmosphere is great. Details of the Space Hulk are rich. Graphics are good, with the bolters blazing, and the sound of the heavy stomping, you feel like a terminator at all. That is good.I also liked the AI. Enemy hordes can split and attack in any direction, given the chance. They also try to swarm the terminators indivually, giving you a hard time.Gameplay should be better. Leveling system is ok. But with this kind of decision (Moba style leveling), as a developer, you accept the fact that people won't play your game for dozens of hours. Most people will go wilth a couple of campaigns, than it's done. So I think that's the weakest part of the game. Bugs will be eventually solved, but the core gameplay system will probably won't change.Still, I enjoyed the game. Played in the hardest difficulty in multiplayer, and the emperor forgive us, died many times. It was fun to feel like a space marine in a desperate situation."
,Not Recommended,298900,28864146,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Prism_Guard,"This game is actually pretty fun to play. It's REALLY hard, but the levels are pretty cool, and running through them, killing all the mobs, or just straight yolo-ing it for a door, and hope you can open/close/block it real quick is really challenging.HOWEVER, and this is kind of a big however, it runs like absolute trash. The game looks really good, but it doesnt look so good to where it needs the kind of hard ware thats actually required to run it... if that makes sense. Even with an 8 core cpu, and a decent graphics card from only a few years ago, I get poor performance on any quality setting.(I literally get an extra 4-5 fps when playing on low compared to playing on max.)If you're gonna watch a slide show, may as well make it pretty!Walking through cooridoors, I get about 50-60 fps, with some hitching every once in a while. Maybe the level is just loading up further? And in hoards, i get dips down to 20-25. Which, considering how many mobs you can fight at one time, really makes your bum clench.I dont know much about the whole 40k world, but overall this game could be really fun if it ran a bit better.This game will become the old crysis. It'll basically be, ""If your PC can run Deathwing, it can do anything.""Anyways, fun game, but hold off on buying it for now until it is updated/patched to run a little bit better.Otherwise, its great!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28393715,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[Old$chOol]Waka,"I will not recommend this game, untill u guys do some really good patches.In this state game looks like early access:Random crashes, disconnections, poor multiplayer futures.What is really good in game, is design and graphics.So if some one already had this game make refund till u can, and wait news from dev pathes."
76561198065078754,Not Recommended,298900,28393781,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,markesOrelies,"The game is buggy in multiplayer, no sense of real progression and the load times don't get me started >.<"
76561198141146455,Not Recommended,298900,28435443,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,llee611,"The game SUCKS I cannot play more than 30 seconds before the game starts lagging, What a waste of money."
76561198067009825,Not Recommended,298900,28367069,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mah Greed,"Craptacular, the class lack a lot of stuff, some major bug affect the game really negatively and experience is worth nothing because it's not a *unlock more things* it's just hey you're starting to play? well wait five level to get your skills.worth the try, but not worth 50$"
76561198008922069,Not Recommended,298900,28393943,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,EarthwormBen,"Amazing fun, just like left for dead, beautiful graphically, perfect sounds.... what more could you want? How about a persistent frame rate? Game is only using about 50% of my GPU and CPU at high and doesn't run any better on low.I can in a crowded room full of models and get no drop in frames then drop to less than 10 by just walking in a corridor..... don't buy until this problem is addressed by the devs."
76561197960603446,Not Recommended,298900,28484526,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zmacker,Was a very nice feeling to get swarmed and having to smash every button to try to clear the swarms and having to stand in the right place to avoid death. But when you normally run on 144fps in everygame and end up with 20frames in this the expirence for me was not worth it. I refunded after 1 mission. Games like this never get fixed. Save your money. L4D is prob still a better choice
76561198054353064,Not Recommended,298900,28883806,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,henry-19,"i have played this game quite extensively by now, and my mind is made upbuy it IF youre a fan of wh40k lore and terminators and wanna see it come to life on your screendo NOT buy it if you expect a good game with replayability (i played it alot because i love the lore, im stupid)it pains me to say it, but this game was NOT finished on release! it just wasnt/isnt.they released a beta!they honestly did.so i cannot recommend it to the wast majority of players (i assume that wh40k hardcore lore geeks does not make up the majority  of gamers)such a shame."
76561197978907626,Not Recommended,298900,29793098,Posted: 8 February,all,Slenderp123,"Space Hulk Deathwing was a game that I thought could have a lot of potential, but if only the creators had the time to go with performance over the graphics quality of this game; I have had trouble with playing this game and the only thing I was able to play was the Tutorial, and once I got into the campaign, my framerates and everything just dropped as hard as Fat Man and Little Boy on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.PROS:- Clear tutorial- Accurate lore- Good voice actingCONS:- VERY poor performance- Random crashes- Long loading screens- Underpowered weaponry, especially for a Stormbolter.- Even on the lowest quality settings, there is no hope of you ever playing the game, especially the campaign.In summary: This game COULD'VE been absolutely amazing if it weren't for the HUGE performance issues and random crashes. This game was delayed a month or so from its original release date and I expected a worthwhile 40k game to play that was similar to L4D but with genestealers and terminators. This game did not live up to the expectations I imagined and I felt heartbroken that I spent 34 dollars pre-ordering such an amazing game and for the Mace of Corswain, but sadly, this game once again, did not deliver and is a disappointment to the 40k fanbase for not meeting such expectations and patching performance issues and random crashes."
76561197963281618,Recommended,298900,28399291,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shazbot01,"Is this game Left 4 Warhammer? NO (that game is called Vermintide).This is FPS SPACE HULK BABY! ...with a few hiccups.I have played single player to the end on normal, and tried a few games online.Singleplayer: It's you and your two space bros. One is a shooty termi, the other is a heally termi. Shooty termi can't hit the broad side of a barn, BUT he is a KILLING MACHINE with claws or the hammer. Heally termi gives heals, and gets killed. Alot. You are the Psyker termi. You can also multiclass as a shooty termi, a melee termi, or a Psyker spammer termi with the force axe. SP has a dawn of war 2 style upgrade system between missions that lets you try a few different things per playthrough.Multiplayer: Disconnects GALORE, and a few crashes here and there =( . Your classes are punchy termi, big gun termi, psyker termi, heally termi, and tacticool termi. Multiplayer is a good pick if you can LAN with other players, online needs some more work to be playable.This is a fun (and holy hell hard) warhammer game, if your PC is up to spec. Once the multiplayer kinks get ironed out this is a co-op dream come true.  3.5 / 5 *'s."
76561198083257228,Not Recommended,298900,28485261,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cpt PikPik,"Played 27 minuets  then got a refund straight after.Level design was actualy very good but compleatly ruind by lack of intelligent AI, the most sub pare voice acting. And non exsistant story.Buy at your own risk."
,Recommended,298900,33812765,Posted: 26 July,all,SEKTOR321178,"Does a decent job of making you feel like a Terminator but has poor optimisation. Even with a 7820X and a GTX 1080 I had to put some of the settings down to Medium to get it to run at 60FPS in Native 4K... Hopefully this issue will be fixed in the future.I've still been having fun playing it despite the FPS issues, although I would only really recommend Deathwing to fans of WH40K who want the experience of being a Space Marine Terminator who's fighting through a Space Hulk."
76561198060152032,Recommended,298900,33312846,Posted: 6 July,all,tobbew,"Nice game to play coop. Haven't played it much in SP yet. If you are not actively a fan of the warhammer 40k/space hulk world there are probably better FPS, but I appreciate the graphics and the genestealer flaming."
,Recommended,298900,32409539,Posted: 14 June,all,rod,"Just purchased on sale not really knowning what I was getting into.  One hell of an adrenaline pumping game, played the solo campagin and really liked the atmosphere and environment.  Not a quick FPS, but more of a walking tank character as to the 40K background. I'm not really a 40K tabletop fan but a big fan of this PC title now.  Tried out Multiplayer, was worried as a newb might let down the team and annoy, but not the case, they guided, healed and walked me through. Great game, with some great friendly players... loving it :)."
,Recommended,298900,33750431,Posted: 23 July,all,Kill4Food,"The Devs are sticking with this game! I know the launch was a complete cluster♥♥♥♥, but if you check the community, you can see that its come a long way!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28408840,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KennyFloggins,"This game is half-baked. I realize why the devs postponed the release date for a week later 24 hours before the initial release, but I think they would have done themselves and the community waiting for this title a lot of justice pushing it back far enough so they really had time to iron out the kinks. It's kinda frustrating knowing that their official reason for pushing it back was to ""put on some more polish"". This game needs a mechanic, not a detailer. This thing is all polish, and in the polish department, they certainly exceed expectations. The environment is gorgeous, scenery detail is absolutely amazing, character models are pristine. Likewise, the action amidst this beautiful environment is immersive and incredibly satisfying.Unfortunately, however, polish is the ONLY place where this game excels. Under the hood, the game is riddled by poor decision making on behalf of the devs and game-breaking bugs. In multiplayer, if the host opens their inventory, the game is over. The reason why is because this causes a fatal error for the host, crashing their application, and because the multiplayer is instanced on the host application, so goes the game into oblivion, forcing the party to have to start all over again. Not sure if it's a bug or not, but only the host can continuously see the objective on their HUD and map. Other party members can only see objectives sporadically. It is a bit perplexing why given the fast-paced gameplay they would decide to relegate weapon-changing to an inventory screen, rather than a cycle weapons key, or the scroll mouse. It's kinda hard to thumb through menus that take up your entire screen while amidst a firefight with tyranids, just to choose a more suitable tool to negotiate a battle effectively.This game keeps true to the original tabletop Space Hulk game to some degree, incorporating weapon jamming, closing/blocking/breaking doors, and respawning players at the starting point for example, which players new to the Space Hulk game as it was originally may not understand or see as odd facets of the game to incorporate, and even as a 40K tabletop (and Space Hulk, respectively) I don't believe these rules -- designed to balance the tabletop game -- really have a place in a first person shooter. I understand why these rules exist and accept them as they are, but many new players that are not familiar with Space Hulk may find these things to be egregiously hindering. It does kinda force you to incorporate similar tactics as the tabletop game, such as positioning your assault cannon terminator to overwatch at the tyranid entry points while your team moves through to the next corridor. Still, I really don't think these rules are necessary or even applicable to a FPS as they are to the tabletop.This game is also incredibly shallow as far as long-term achievements and goals. There's no static progression with your chosen team or characters. This doesn't bother me at all and I don't see this as a setback as there are tons of games just like this, although I do think that adding some sort of progression, rewards system, even just various armor changes or other appearances (like Overwatch, for example, where character stats are static but at least you get to change the skins) like adding purity seals for completed missions or insignia added to armor representing a campaign completion (as is depicted in typical 40K lore). Again, for me, it isn't a setback, but if you need this feature to enjoy the replayability of a game, then this isn't for you.Again, the actual gameplay itself is this game's saving grace, but at this point I cannot vouch for this game and recommend it to others in the state it is in currently. I really hope the devs plan on releasing patches or updates to this game to fix some of these core issues, and expand on what they have already. It pains me to do so, but I cannot recommend this game as it stands. Hopefully I can change this in the future once these specifics have been addressed."
76561198049831594,Not Recommended,298900,29265784,Posted: 14 January,all,Dynomite,"I like the team based terminator concept.  I want this game to succeed.  However, it seems like the recommended specs should be the minimum specs.  The game has several Framerate crashes and does not seem to be optimized.  I've set graphics to low and it doesn't change performance.  Because of this I don't recommend it for the price.  I have some friends using i7s 6800k, or anything with 2011-v3, with smooth game play.  I hope the developers fix the bugs and send out a patch but until then you'll need a high end computer.  Fun to play with friends, solo not so much.  I'm waiting until a fix."
76561198007570632,Recommended,298900,33582114,Posted: 16 July,all,Dendrocnide Moroides,The game has come a long way since its release I wouls recommend grabbing it next time it is onsale
76561198001853950,Not Recommended,298900,29790058,Posted: 8 February,all,Lord of Change,"Like many others I was very excited for this game, and also like many others I was extremely disappointed in the result. The graphics are beautiful, the story is classic 40K, but the gameplay is just as if the developers took the standard PC FPS gameplay from a game like TF2 rather than building something that actually works for the style of game they had. The hulking player character, tight corridors and hordes of enemies doesn't lend itself well to the frenetic PVP style of gameplay it uses. It needs more gravitas and satisfaction from mowing down the hordes of enemies, not the slippery, lifeless feeling you get from outdated bullet animations and melee attacks that pass through your enemies rather than truly contacting them. This combined with clunky squad based combat controls and an extremely weak squad AI makes playing this game a chore."
76561198039250275,Not Recommended,298900,28406838,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ajmoore0351,Pure♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007295548,Not Recommended,298900,28406673,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rivbroder,"Such promise, such disappointment.I do believe that i speak for the majority of gamers in this world when i say that we DO NOT want a game released that is not finished. that's what betas are for!It speaks of incompetence and shreds reputation.As a huge fan of the Warhammer 40K universe my expectations were ridiculously high for this game. And it was advertised so great i swallowed everything without even thinking.(Those guys who did the advertising deserve a medal for being able to sell this crap)Now i know the error of my ways.The sound is laughable compared to what it should be when a hulking terminator unleashes his assault cannon in the small confinements of a space vessel. His threads should reverberate across the integral structure of the ship like a distant basilisk from the imperial guard.The interface looks like it's from the late 90's and handles like pretty psyker on Commorragh.The connectivity issues are greater then the brain cells in a century old servitor forgotten in a WAAGH!And the list goes on, longer than the trade manifest of the Haarlock family.I had and still have humongous high hopes for this game, WHEN IT IS FINISHED!Wait a few months for the developers to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and patch it up to some resemblances of a complete game. Then give it a try because it does posses a great potential that still gives me goosebumps of pleasure.Hail the Emperor!"
76561197964026961,Not Recommended,298900,28476390,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,krampe,"You got two choices to play (more or less) the game:1. Single Player:You are one of three 3 Terminators, a librarian, can't change class, with two bots who can't do anything alone except shooting very close tyranids. The something what is controlling the two bots is horrible. It can't be an AI because the I stands for intelligence. I really can't be asked to play that and babysit those bots all the time, but no problem you think, let's do coop instead.2. Multiplayer:If you can play this and for a longer time than 10 minutes you're lucky. Constant crashes paired with the abysmal performance is only topped by the worst game browser you can imagine. Don't even bother to try join a game in progress, you'll get a connection timeout most of the time. When you finally joined a game dont overjoice, the Fatal Errors already awaits your arrival.Maybe after a year of patching it will be playable."
76561198086687302,Not Recommended,298900,28503594,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,001sanguine100,"While I love the concept of a FPS Warhammer 40k game, ESPECIALLY in Terminator armor, I cannot reccomend this game. I have no issues running ARK on max and yet this game bogs down during even the simplest of graphical demands. I can't say that theres not some REALLY funky processing requirements going on in the background, but as of now it is unplayable even on the bare minimum graphics settings. Just FYI, your overclocked Nvidia Geforce GTX 1060 will not save you, nor will your 32GB of RAM.I'm sorry to say that this has been a disappointment. It is in desperate need of optimization. Citizens of the Imperium, you may want to wait before attempting to purge any xenos scum. Terminator armor or no."
,Recommended,298900,34829577,Posted: 8 September,all,MeatShake,"Rough start, devs have been slowly fixing all the issues with the game. Stay tuned."
76561198018345517,Not Recommended,298900,28887709,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kenshusei Richard,"This game has the potential to be brilliant. The graphics are amazing, the sound is awesome and the attention to detail would make any 40k fan swoon. This is a recreation of space hulk the board game and it's bloody fantastic... as long as you're happy with single player, some of the time.At the time of writing, this game has some major- MAJOR flaws. It is quite clear that this game needed another month or so in the dev labs before it was released.The good parts.It sticks to the lore very well. The game is graphically amazing and sounds wonderful as mentioned. You actually feel like a terminator in that you're slow, cumbersome, are crazily strong in melee and have access to a wide armoury.  The game is also engaging as you navigate your way through a series of mazes, trying to complete objectives that are a little simple, but then again, this is 40K. In multiplayer, there are various other options, including a Friendly Fire option to weed out the COD noobs who don’t know how to FPS and squad tactic properly. Much appreciated. On the whole, this game is good, great even- however….The Bad parts.Multiplayer is utterly broken at time of writing. There are massive frame rate drops- as in to 5 or 6 frames per second from time to time- which when you’re being surrounded means instant death. In multiplayer, the respawn counter is bust. You think that when the clock reaches Zero you’ll respawn, but no- it just continues into minus figures. The longest I’ve waited was from 280 seconds through to -99 before I gave up and quit. Multiplayer matches crash for no good reason, creating a little pop up box saying “fatal error”- that is until you disconnect from the server for no reason. Then there is the queuing… lots and lots of queuing. You queue for the game to load- then when it’s loaded, you have to queue for the host to actually spawn his character, and then you get to queue for your character selection screen. Once you’ve selected your class and character, it then loads you into the game, taking a few more seconds. Problem is- the game has already loaded your terminator, meaning that you are in effect standing around, in game, doing nothing until the loading system catches up. If you join mid map, you’re likely to be spawned as a dead terminator because you’ve been eaten and hacked to bits before you actually got chance to take control. Enjoy that respawn counter!The multiplayer segment is glitchy to hell and it ruins the game. It needs a major and I mean MAJOR overhaul to get it working properly.If friendly fire is on and there is a Librarian in your team, the librarian will kill you. Fact. The players who choose librarians seem to be experts in killing fellow astartes. The amount of times I and two other members of my squad have been one shot wiped by a bloody librarian using their psychic powers when we’re all in melee is beyond counting. If you’re playing with friendly fire because you enjoy a bit of skill in your game and a librarian joins, you may as well accept that your game is going to end within the next 5 minutes as the librarian will friendly fire kill you.  You could turn the FF off of course, but then all you get are the bottom feeders who rampage across the map on “Easy” difficulty, claiming to be so skilled.Conclusion.If you just want single player, this game is great. Multiplayer on the other hand is glitchy, unstable and frustrating. To me, someone who enjoys multiplayer and spends most of their time on Multiplayer PVE games, this is a deal breaker. I love the game and I’ll continue to play it- but for someone who’s thinking of buying fresh, it’s not worth it. Wait 4 or 5 patches until all this c**p is ironed out and multiplayer becomes actually stable, or wait for a 50% price drop- but as it stands, despite how much I would love to praise this game, it’s not worth it…. Yet."
,Recommended,298900,31685794,Posted: 11 May,all,_Liquid_WooD_,cool
76561197987555779,Not Recommended,298900,28388047,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GeneralZOCK,As i preordred the game on 4th November '16 with the announcement of the upcoming close beta i was rly looking foward to this game. The CBT which included parts of chapter two and a restricted arsenal was somehow confident for a beta test but only for this. Now the game just released yesterady and nothing rly has changed in coop. U still got this struict limited arsenal on each Terminator-Suit. Even the flamethrower temporarly had been left out. ANd it´s also very repetetive. I would not spend 34€ on this game maybe if it would be less than 10€ but at it´s acutal state i would not recommend it and i already got my refund for this game.But from the performance side of the game i would totally recommend it since i did not ha d any performance issues. My 3 m8´s and me managed to replicate the same issue 4 times and it always ended up in an Fatal error which is and downgrade to the beta test before.
,Not Recommended,298900,29580739,Posted: 29 January,all,(NA)Murtilar,"I really want to give this a positive review as I am a huge wh40k fan.However there is lots of minor and some major issues with the game all of which has been listed before me so I wont get into that.In many ways though it is a great game with some nice potential, but the potential have thus far been neglected, you also have a major issue with the Devs being so silent on what they are doing, there is no news on their forums or on steam, only a few hotfixes here and there (almost a month ago as I write this). The devs need to open up and share more about the road ahead as we are alot of people sitting here not wishing to play it until things get fixed with the game, and we are all hungry for news.Until stuff gets fixed and the devs open up some I cannot give a positive review of the game.5/10Edit : After some changes (still more to come) its becoming better so who knows, the score can go up from my side, still waiting for more patches before playing it again more though."
76561198048118139,Not Recommended,298900,29712847,Posted: 5 February,all,Sgtcuddles,"This game looks okay for price, but once I started playing one chapter I could tell the game was very bland. the combat is boring, and the kills are very bland as well. I wouldn't recommend this game, it is very unploished as far as combat goes and the classes are not fun to play"
,Not Recommended,298900,28438603,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,snowdrop,"Good atmosphere that requires a tight co-op, akin to Vermintide or Dead Island, but sadly not as good. I want to love this game, but I don't despite me being a huge sucker for the setting.I really do like the game, and will play it more, but In it's current state it's worth 5 - 10€. Chargign full price for this right now doesn't feel ok unless it's sold as an early access or something.If they do ever resolve the issues I'd _happily pay 60€ _for it though, because this game has plenty of potential that got stuck on the drawing table. They have a fantastic embryo here waiting to mature, but, as we all know, most people don't stick along with their flops, and won't resolve anythin (in contrast with like Fat Shark that actually have made Vermintide to a gem). Let's hope that I am wrong.Here's why I'm hesitant to recommend this game to anyone:1. It's not nearly finished. It's rushed, and it shows in many ways when playing it. Seems they had some kind of deadline or just ran out of funding, because there's plenty lacking in the polish. It's sad, because the game has such a good core and it's clearly made with passion that somehwere along the way got a stormbolter i the neck...2. GUI and typeface is something from a bad 90's movie and looks superbly unprofessional. No sane person with any specialisation in the field of GUI would do it like this. Compared with 90% of the contemporary FPS:es out there this is just worse of. Besides not being functional, it also wrecks the games excellent 3d-aesthetics and just looks plastered on it.3. No progression in bewteen co-op missions. Say whoot? That means half the game is gone, right there!4. No voice-chat. In a game that relies on tight co-op, why would there be no way to speak with your own voice in game?5. Some of the broken stuff: Can't switch between team mates cameras while dead, doesn't show/confirm that you are joining a game when pressing ""join"", net work connection errors in 20 - 40% of the games I tried to join (no, it's not my router...), lacking all kinds of info about everything in game.Why I like it despite all the cons:1. Setting.2. Graphics.3. Tense.4. Co-op.5. A good foundation.I'm holding my finger crossed that they don't do a hit and run with the game and that we'll see some good patches coming out in the coming months - would be a shame to waste such a potential in resignation."
76561198007187235,Not Recommended,298900,28439574,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,EmperorLao,"Pros : The game looks gorgeous and the levels are awesome.Cons : Game breaking bugs (including not being able to fire your weapon randomly), terrible net code, multiplayer is not exactly as advertised."
76561198072954004,Not Recommended,298900,29808639,Posted: 9 February,all,BorkWaffe Doggo,"I pre-ordered the game (I have regrets but also no regrets idk) Actually I don't want to give this game bad but I don't want to give good recommendation so I flipped a coin.The loading times are killing me, there are issues and bugs, even tho this game has not been finished I really REALLY wanna play this game but I can't because entering a game and having the patience is harder than actually playing it.I just want a good kick♥♥♥♥♥Warhammer game FFS!So devs please continue the updates and fixes the game is mostly unplayable right now and I am looking forward for fixesBuy it? not yetBuy it after patches? HECK YEAH"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368103,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlackHorse23,"If you are not rich and don't have a computer that can run it at high  settings, don't bother. The emperor does not protect the poor from shoddy framerates. Maybe wait for console. I want to enjoy this game so bad but I guess I will have to pretty much invest $500 to $1k worth of new gear in order to. If you do have a decent system, have at it. plays like it looks like all the official videos, otherwise expect a blurry stuttery sadfest. (I'd love to have my review be different. if you see hours racked up that means some meaningful change has been added)"
,Not Recommended,298900,32522850,Posted: 17 June,all,Forgewolf,"Not worth $40.Enviorment is useless (No pick up items to help you).A.I is dumb and is only a challenge be swarmign the hell out of you.Framerate loss on swarm contacts. Hello, Left 4 Dead has swarms and I don't lose frames."
76561198040460775,Recommended,298900,28427256,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OdinSlayer51636,"So i enjoy warhammer, This game is enjoyable, the psyker powers are fun to play with.  The ai gets gruelling at somepoint when it comes to the different style of Xenos that come at you, my issue is with the A.I. of your allies.  They feel more or less useless.  They stand their and take it up the but while you do all the work, which is fine, unless you are trying to survive a swarm.  Even issuing heal commands for the apothacary is a little glitchy and buggy and the apothacary waits a few minutes before it does it.  Other than that the skill sets, finding relics, and everything else is a pleaserable experience."
76561198006857359,Recommended,298900,30192630,Posted: 26 February,all,SolarCerberuS,"Great game visually, and the gameplay is solid and fun.....there is just not enough of it, and the single player campaign is far too short, what is there should be just one chapter of many and perhaps have many other hulks to visit but alas another great 40k idea rushed and released too early.Still I enjoyed it but it has no replayability, and the multiplayer isnt strong enough to keep or draw a solid playerbase.Graphics are outstanding it was a visual masterpiece and perfectly captured the feel of being in a gothic styles space hulk.Reccommend it to diehard 40k Dark Angel fans (I play Dark Angels in the tabletop game myself)But probably should be a quarter the cost for the content it offers"
76561198256233543,Not Recommended,298900,29365260,Posted: 19 January,all,Mefiston,"Deathwing: You have been found wanting in the eyes of The Emperor, and of His loyal servants. You have dishonored the memory of those who sacrificed themselves so heroically, and brought shame upon The Empire. You have been found wanting, and for that, your existence is forfeit!"
76561198022316487,Not Recommended,298900,29024152,Posted: 4 January,all,Praetor2020,"Game was visually and atmospherically a success!But...The gameplay devolves into monotonous grinds and bullet-sponge mini-bosses that are easier to run away from rather than spend the 5 minutes shooting them. You die really easily from turrets and psykers which are a pain to deal with (hacking is boring and glitchy) and god forbid you die and the mission hasn't autosaved and you are forced to do a monotonous mission all over again. The story makes little sense towards  that last third and the ending fight/cinematic was really lazy.And that was just the single player!The multiplayer was so unstable and glitchy after a few hours we all just said forget it.With luck, the game will get some updates, fixes, and such. Then I might change this review but in the meantime I am submitting a ""do not buy"" and uninstalling after completion."
76561197967559164,Not Recommended,298900,29386197,Posted: 20 January,all,vacantmind,"If you can get it to run, expect about 90 minutes of gameplay. This game is shallow and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,298900,29127828,Posted: 8 January,all,Cielo Invernale,"Space Hulk Deathwing has a great potential and could become a great game, unfortunately at the present state can't be recommended, mostly because it looks like an unfinished product with many missing features. One more time looks like that a game has been released in a state that resembles a beta version instead of a complete and final state.Pros:Great graphics and 3D models.Enjoyable multiplayer.Well realized Gothic atmosphere.Cons:The single player campaign has no “save button”, instead game saving is demanded to an auto-save function, which is annoying if you do not have much time to play.There’s no possibility to customize your character, both in single player and multiplayer. You can change weapons, but this is the only customization option available: the aspect of players and NPC allies is completely determined by the character’s class, while in 2017 most players might expect to find some character customization in a 2017’s game (how about armors’ customization?).There’s no in-game chat for multiplayer (at least I could not find one, except in the lobby), so you’re forced to use some third-party software in order to communicate with other players, although this can be considered a minor flaw (most players already use third-party communication software for online gaming).There’s little space for story and narration, so much that you can skip plot almost completely and just shoot everything that moves in the corridors; some deeper narration and environment interaction could have made this game a lot more interesting.Multiplayer does not allow to play the campaign/story-mode cooperatively but just play the same maps of campaign mode without any possibility of saving your character’s progression, in other words every time you start a new multiplayer game you begin everything from scratch (this point is tightly connected with point 2: no character customization).Single player mode is way too difficult, even at the lowest difficulty level: this is caused mostly by the poor AI of NPC allies: healer won’t heal anyone, even itself, if not ordered so every time, and this is a real problem when you’re overwhelmed by hordes of enemies.Space marines are very big, while many corridors and passages are really narrow, so you can spend minutes in multiplayer mode walking four-in-a-row, with the characters in the middle forced to almost total inactivity because there’s no line of fire at all, while the frontmost character has to face all enemies almost alone.As far of my knowledge there are only nine maps available (game uses the same maps for campaign mode and multiplayer mode).As I’ve said before this game has a great potential and I’ll be glad to change my review if things will  change in the future; I’ll be happy if I could see it improve and refine, I think it deserves a second chance, but now (jan, 8th 2017) still needs a lot of work.(Forgive my poor english...)."
76561198007386366,Recommended,298900,28532992,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Castiel,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is amazing.  Very immersive, often relentless, and full of insane graphics which nod at the lore of the 40K universe.The immersion is very powerful with the visuals and sounds being top notch.  It is important to recognise that your player is wearing essentially a tank-suit (tactical dreadnought armour to be precise).  Due to this it would be lore-breaking to allow you to spin around quickly, run sideways (even sprinting is supposed to be difficult), roll, jump etc.  You are limited by your immense armour.  This is well reflected in the game.Likewise, being based on a board game it stays largely true to its base.  Tactics are important especially regarding use of doors and correctly equipping your squad for the mission at hand.Again, enemies are genestealers and their variants.  You are not going to have 1000 types of enemy because this is not part of the lore behind the game.  The enemies you face are varied enough to require different tactics and weapons to combat effectively.On launch there were a large number of bugs, especially in multiplayer.  Most of these are fixed or being fixed.Multiplayer is like L4D2 where there is little progression in terms of how you look etc.  You all have access to the same equipment though levelling up quicker by being more skilled will allow you access to better weapons quicker than your squad mates.  You need to be careful in who has what load out of weapons if you are to succeed as a team.Overall, this is a fantastic game, best game of 2016 I have played.  A most welcome and immersive update to the L4D2 style genre."
,Not Recommended,298900,28735330,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rik Shazam,"I wanted this to be good. I had it pre purchased from the day it was first available. It's not finished and it's pretty buggy. There are some stupid design choices too. Having your level reset at the end of each mission in multiplayer is stupid. I've also been denied a refund even though I had less than an hour on the clock at the time, Trust me, this was enough time to know it was unfinished. Even citing the technical issues as my reason for a refund. Something which I think would be difficult to argue against."
,Recommended,298900,28535240,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MPsapper,"Great visuals and atmosphere, great experience for first time players new to WH40k and Veterans alike.With the newest patch I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs, just a few jittery clipping issues and some FPS drops in huge hordes."
76561198038348930,Not Recommended,298900,28787796,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SpaceWizard,"As of the time of writing this review, I have put a couple of hours into the game, only playing multiplayer with three friends. I am currently half way through the game, playing it on the normal difficulty, and it has so far been disappointing, and a fair bit frustrating.To start with the controls feel unresponsive, and downright clunky. I understand that you are a essentially a super soldier in an extremely heavy suit, but it feels like a constant battle to do anything in this game. All the weapons feel the same, some even having the same stats. The melee weapons are the worst, every attack feels more like your hitting wet tissue paper than a carapace covered xenos. There's no visual feedback to the melee attacks you do, half the time your wondering if you've actually landed a hit. As for the guns, I more often than not stuck to the starting weapon for the class I was playing as I didn't notice any benefit from switchinig to one of the new guns you unlock as you level up. The progression system is rubbish, having to start from scratch at the beginning of every new chapter. You can start a new chapter with a weapon you unlocked from the previous chapter, but if you switch out you'll have to wait for it to unlock again.The aesthetics of the game are spot on (from my limited 40k knowledge), and the atmosphere is terrific. Specifically in the quiet moments, when you aren't being trampled on by blood thirsty xenos. The sound design in these moment is fantastic. The ambiant noises add tremendously to the games immersion, making you feel like you really are on this giant amalgam of dead ships that make up the titular Space Hulk.As I've said, I'm not very knowledgable of Warhammer 40k lore, having attempted to paint a Space Wolves army in my youth (very poorly I might add). I was hoping for a game that delivered the feeling that my friends, and I were this badass squad of Space Marines, dispensing all kinds of butt kicking zealotry justice in the name of the Emperor. In the end though it feels more like a ragtag group of slow moving, extremely weak tin cans armed with bb guns, and a wiffle bat.In conclusion,  unless your a hardcore 40k fan, which if that's the case you've probably already purchased the game, I'd recommend waiting for a sale to buy this, or purchase Warhammer End Times: Vermintide, which in my opinion is a far superior game to Deathwing.Thanks for reading my review."
76561197972034400,Not Recommended,298900,28885444,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hoser666,"Decent, but not worth $40.  Maybe $20."
76561197971857790,Recommended,298900,28414475,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Valegorn,"This game is for any Warhammer 40K fan, ESPECIALLY those who loved playing any of the Space Hulk games (be they table top, computer, or card games). If you've ever wanted to experience in first person clearing out a spacehulk, this game is for you. Just the sheer amount of work put into the levels alone was worth it as far as I'm concerned.If you're looking for a new innovative idea, or way to play an ""aliens"" style game, then you'll be disappointed. This game is pretty standard issue when it comes to being a FPS. There is some decent melee mix in there, but its not THQ's Space Marine.Pro's-------------*Its Warhammer 40K*The levels look amazing*Co-op!!*Squad Control*Its fun*story is pretty coolMeh-------------*Its a pretty basic FPS, nothing more, nothing less*Physic powers are cool, but feel, meh.Cons-------------*Can be a little sluggish*still some bugs (but they'll get to those)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28400404,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,vazkhor,"It saddens me to have to do this, mostly because the game is a lot of fun.There are however so many gamebreaking bugs, the ue4 crash to desktop on inventory open being the worst of all.Playing for 30 minuten in a multi game finally unlock that shiny new weapon ... press i to equip it ...poof desktop.Aaaaaannnnnd.... you have to do it all over again.If they get their s**t together and fix these engine issues i'll gladly change this review, but in it's current state it's a big nope!"
,Recommended,298900,28460229,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RING,"FIX THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FATAL ERRORS JESUS CHRIST, YOU ♥♥♥♥IN COMMUNISTS. IM ACTUALLY ENJOYIN THE GODDAMN GAME AND THEN IT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥EXPLODES ON MY AND IM HOSTING WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥. I PAYED LIKE 40 CANADOLLARS FOR THIS"
76561198096093382,Not Recommended,298900,28668429,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,regan116,so many little things need sorting.
,Not Recommended,298900,28717994,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Panther,"While this game does have SOME epic action moments, It is not worth the money for the ammount of problems and lack of replayability.Also they removed the Flamer from online after day 1 and it isn't back yet... nuff said."
76561198010301785,Not Recommended,298900,29795934,Posted: 8 February,all,MRKORKY,"I am a massive 40k fan and i have been following the lore and playing the tabletop game for 10 years, so when I saw this game and the way it looked on video I was extremely excited. Unfortunately the game has many irritating bugs with the online matchmaking, dropped players, games and client side crashes. And now having gifted to me by a friend there are still no patches nearly 2 months post release. Extremely disappointed with the developers, huge letdown."
,Not Recommended,298900,28401588,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cable,"Rather than a wall of text I'll put my views on Deathwing into a concise list of pro's and con's:+ Gameplay is great. Purging xenos is a lot of fun.+ Atmosphere is fantastic. They've really nailed the 40k feel.+ Assault cannon is gloriously fun to shoot.+ Heavy flamer makes that lovely ""whoosh"" noise.+ Sound in general is very well done.- Optimisation and performance is terrible. I get 60fps (locked to 60 max, I believe), walking around normally but it drops to <30fps whenever even a few Genestealers are on screen, nevermind dozens. This is my biggest gripe with the game.- Melee combat feels weak and flimsy. When you swing your sword or hit someone with a power fist there's no meatiness or impact to it or anything. Just feels like you're hitting something with a foam bat which is unacceptable in the universe of ""Drive me closer, I want to hit them with my sword!"".- Getting into and remaining in a multiplayer co-op match requires you to make great personal sacrifices to the Emperor himself. There are a multitude of bugs and errors that can happen as you navigate through the horrendous co-op menus. Such examples are myriad of random crashes, fatal errors, the whole room getting disconnected if the host tries to switch loadouts mid-game and more!- Squad AI sucks, especially on high difficulties. You'd have thought a battle-hardened veteran of the Dark Angels would be able to navigate doorways without getting stuck, or have the tactica accumen to move around before getting mobbed by Genestealers.- Heavy flamer removed from co-op play. Official reasoning given is balance issues. Considering that co-op is the same - or more stripped bare than singleplayer - this is a thinly veiled excuse for what is probably a performance issue.- UI is a meh. Also the font used on the ammo counter is worse than comic sans.- Tutorial is poor. Nothing really outside of ""Mouse 1 to fire"", ""2 for lightning"" is explained well at all and many features are left unexplained completely.- Headbob is annoying, even at lowest setting. No option to turn it off.- Some of the voice acting is stilted and wooden.Overall Deathwing has great gameplay that is severely hindered by poor optimisation and a huge catalogue of bugs, errors and crashes. The game needed an extra 5 months of development time, not an extra 5 days that were tacked on after the beta. If Deathwing were capable of maintaining a stable, 60+ fps, had more stable networking and had half as many crashes then its other problems could be overlooked but as it stands the cumulative effect of all these issues make for an unworthwhile purchase."
76561198005640073,Not Recommended,298900,30522409,Posted: 15 March,all,Sho Guild,"[English version, following Italian]I'm a big fan of GW videogame series, and this make me buy this game on pre-order. A huge mistake.There are a lot of co-op first person shooters, and in a game whit a background like Space Hulk I have taken a lot of aspectative, and whit all the board game all the thing go to bad a lot. Basically, we have a very simple level crawling whit the ghost of advancing for the terminators perks and equipment, a very poor sistem that make me tell ""really?"". The missions are very simple, whitout nothing special happen, something we can call ""tension"",  After many YEARS of L4D and a lot of experience in Warhammer Vermintide, and I prefere to interrupt the list here because we have a lot of game of this genere, Deathwing take me back in something like a version of Doom (old style and original) or Alien Trilogy, but whit the arrogance to be a ""very cool and modern game"". Top on that, The multiplayer is something that make me cry. When I realize you have to levelling to 0 all the time for all the game, I simple press ESC button and quit the game, open the Steam Library and install Doom for play something do BETTER, whit a minimun of love for the videogames in it.Yes yes, the ambients, the skinn of the terminator and the genestealer, the sound of the cracking Space Hulk in the open space are very cool, graphics and all that sh*t isn't the best but is high quality, but the content is POOR, no funny moments, nothing that take me and force me to play again and again, maibe whit friends. Nothing like that. I hope they take that bag of ""dirt"" and do a huge, huge, huge patch that change the game completly, re-do all the thing to zero, and give us a reason to say sorry, my mistake, this game is awsome like we have always dream about a first person shooter of Space Hulk.[Italian Version]Sono un grande fan della serie di videogiochi GW, e questo mi ha spinto a comprare questo gioco in preordine. E' stato un grosso sbaglio.Esistono un sacco di sparatutto cooperativi in prima persona, e da un gioco con una storia alle spalle come Space Hulk ci si fa un sacco di aspettative, e se ci mettiamo anche i vari giochi da tavolo la cosa va solo a peggiorare. Fondamentalmente, abbiamo appena un accenno di un gioco dove si procede di livello in livello, con dei lievi accenni di avanzamento per le classi e gli equipaggiamenti dei terminator, un sistema di gioco talmente povero che ti fa esclamare ""davvero?"". Le missioni sono estremamente semplici, senza nessun evento speciale in mezzo, con niente che noi possiamo definire come ""tensione"". Dopo molti ANNI di L4D e molte ore di gioco su Warhammer Vermintide, e preferisco interrompere la lista qui perché ci sono tonnellate di giochi di questo genere, Deathwing mi riporta indietro nel tempo pensando a Doom (quello classico vecchio stile) e Alien Trilogy, ma con l'arroganza di essere un gioco ""figo e moderno"". E come se non bastasse, il multiplayer mi ha fatto venire da piangere. Quando ho realizzato che ad ogni mappa ti ritrovi a livellare da 0 il tuo personaggio, ho semplicemente premuto ESC, sono uscito dal gioco, ho aperto la libreria di Steam e ho reinstallato Doom per giocare qualcosa di fatto MEGLIO, con un minimo d'amore per i videogiochi dentro.Si si, l'ambiente, la skinn dei terminator e dei genestealer, il suono dei vari cigolii che fa lo space hulk nello spazio aperto è tutto molto figo, la grafica e tutto il resto di questa m*rda non è il top ma è di alta qualità, ma il contenuto è POVERO, nessun momento divertente, niente che mi forzi a giocarlo ancora e ancora, magari con degli amici. Niente del genere. Spero che prendano questo sacco di ""terra"" e facciano uscire una grossa, grossa, grossa patch che cambiera il gioco completamente, rifacendo tutta la cosa da zero, dandoci una ragione di dire scusate, errore mio, questo gioco è fantastico esattamente come abbiamo sempre sognato uno sparatutto in prima persona di Space Hulk."
76561198015939568,Recommended,298900,28368043,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bobzzo,"While waiting for the game to download I've been reading the reviewes and got scared, even start thinking of the refund button, but decided to give it a try.Game started , set graphics to high, resolution is 1920 x 1080 ( I am running GTX960Ti / Core I7 3.4GHz / 16GB RAM), set difficulty to normal, key mappings seems ok - changed only 1 key for block from ctrl to alt. Rushed into the single player campaign...So after less than 2h of playing should say the following :- game runs at a reasonable framerate, at least I couldn't noticed huge frame drops- graphics is good, at least gives the exact 40k atmosphere which I've been expecting- sound - nothing special, but nothing wrong neither. Shooting at the huge bell in the main chamber of the first mission - well, that was nice one :), also you hear the bloody squishy wet sound when moving through a pile of guts and corpses.- no crashes or obvious bugs ( judging by other reviews I might be lucky so far ?)- interface to command your squad is not that bad once you spent some time using it- the tutorial gives u the basics of fighting / running your squad / using the map / hacking, breaking , etc. the surroundings.- so far the game seems to be - exploring / killing groups of zergs / more exploring / killing more groups of zerglings- fighting seems to me like skyrim with stormbolters + swords / maces / power-gloves / pitch-forks/ etc., actually it's not bad - it's always been a bit strange to me to play such kind of games from first person perspective but like I said it's not that badI mostly purchased the game for the co-op multiplayer, so once I am familiar enough with the fight / control I will rush into it and will update this review.At this moment the game is more YES than NO for me...might change it in future though....on the next day...After additional +1h of solo play the bad things started to popup:- game is crashing - it seems to happen mostly when you open the map - u get a black screen and few sec later u get the ""fatal error"" message - if u have spent some time cleaning the zerg, having a game crash ain't fun at all.- sometimes when swarm of zergs approach you - there is a framedop spike - might be less than a second but still sucks.- assuming the fact they delayed the game because developers wanted to ""fix the bugs"" I can't imagine what it was before they ""fixed it""...- I really hope there will be some patch to fix these problems because I really enjoy the game - it's dark, it's creepy, it's really bloody and the action is solid and I believe the multiplayer will be even betterYesterday I voted the game YES, but today I should say - save your money for now guys, until we get what we pay for ..."
,Not Recommended,298900,28424995,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TetsuBo,"The core gameplay is pretty good, shooting and working together is fun.But this game has the weirdest progression system in multiplayer that I've seen in a long time.Everything is reset between chapters, nothing is saved. There is nothing drawing you into playing multiplayer in the long run."
,Not Recommended,298900,30511012,Posted: 14 March,all,Shere Khan,"There is really nothing to it. Its too shallow. Co-op is just marching about and shooting. Sort of like left 4 dead, but without the character interaction, objectives, and special infected."
,Not Recommended,298900,29839281,Posted: 10 February,all,Waco,"Sigh.  So much potential, so much wasted by idiotic dev decisions and lack of attention.I want to love it, but I can't.  It's just annoying."
,Not Recommended,298900,29875475,Posted: 12 February,all,[NTA] Dragonblack,"If you like warhammer 40 000 universe, the game is a pretty good surprise. Many details that confirm that the artistic direction was really respectfull.But if you like video games... well, you rather not waste your time with a never optimized game which take too much time to load, is not still stable, and has no more support from his team since the 21 december !It could have been very good, but it's actually an unfinished game."
76561198009240269,Not Recommended,298900,29875463,Posted: 12 February,all,Arazael,"Facepalm developers.... I dont do this very often as i dont play an aweful lot of games anymore. But i have been playing games since the comodore 64 (they were better and loaded faster with less crashes). These people should be locked up for crimes against gaming and blatant theft. Not only have you ruined what was a long awaited jump back into an area of WH40K lore that had a lot of people including myself very excited but its like you dont care. Ive waited several month since the preorder beta and nothing has happened and the game is dead. Refund Requested (My first ever, well done idiots) If only i could punch you through the screen i would....."
,Not Recommended,298900,29968500,Posted: 16 February,all,PDC_Emulator,The game is not finished
76561197964013660,Not Recommended,298900,28380339,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,=TAC= The Irken Elite,"Even after a delay for ""polish""  punishing bugs and lag are still ever present.  I WANT to like this game just to be clear.  I am a massive fan of the WH40K franchise and game genre.  But core elements of CoOp are simply NON functional.  Waypoints that don't display or update for anyone who's not the host, weapons that persist despite no permenant progression in coop? A map you open with ""M"" but CLOSE BY CLICKING DEPLOY?  HOW IS IT NOT ""M"" AGAIN?  I don't even want to discuss load times and lag since that might just be my system but by the flood of other commenters I think it might just be safe to say it's not only me.  I think this could be an amazing game but I'm sad to say it's just not there yet.  I'll adjust my review and reccomendation once some patches come out but for right now I've got more buyers remorse than a disciple of Nurgle."
,Recommended,298900,33357695,Posted: 7 July,all,Ｍ Ｒ  Ｋ Ｒ Ａ Ｂ Ｓ,"I play this more than Fallout 4.It's good for what it is, and for only being out for a year.I wish the apothecary ahd a little bit more choice fo weapons, but I understand he is an apothecary and wouldn't want to make an OP kill team.The graphics are lovely. Scratch that, they are great.There are not many FPS Warhammer 40k games. So, I appreciate the game for what it is.I cannot comment on co-op because I don't have any friends with this."
,Recommended,298900,33304272,Posted: 6 July,all,Aviator ☁✈,"BROTHER, LOCK THIS DOOR!I WILL GO AHEAD. FOLLOW ME.I WILL GO AHEAD. FOLLOW ME.I WILL GO AHEAD. FOLLOW ME.I WILL GO AHEAD. FOLLOW ME."
,Not Recommended,298900,29754709,Posted: 6 February,all,Fagoli Cannoli,OPTIMIZE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ALREADY DEVS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,298900,30063893,Posted: 20 February,all,Th2000125,"To be honest. I love the francise, the Game is pretty good, the graphics are also pretty good, Story is okay so far. However, the amount of bugs that persist to ruin what content this game has is dispicable, somehow they do more time-based callanges than anything else and these seem to just crash the game or cause it to memory leak.The AI  are so stupid and get caught on almost every setout pathway, getting caught on random bits and not being able to move unless you go to the psygate. Left it for a month to see if it would have atleast fixed the bug I was facing on chapter 4 but NO. This has taught me more than anything NEVER pre-order haha! Should have learnt after Space Marine.Overall yes, buy it. But only when they have got everything togeather!Before people say I have a naff PC or something its not too bad, even if it is a Laptop.6700k desktop32GB DDR41070 GTX desktop1TB SSD space"
76561198015590457,Not Recommended,298900,29880751,Posted: 12 February,all,Feff,"pro : ambiance !!!cons : poor servers, still freezing in solo, no updates, creepy framerate, sounds, still crashing in multi etc ..."
,Not Recommended,298900,28408878,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tofuman,"It is hard to give it a straight negative review. The game is fun especially with friends. The environment is superb. However, the game lack depth.Mainly this review is for MULTIPLAYER. It uses level system for you to change your weapon and get new abilities. Plus your level will be reset everytime you go into new chapter. I was expecting it to have item system that you could find in the game and customize your loadout in the armory. You know how Dawn of War 2 or Diablo works? The game would be so much better with a progression system.tldr; Game is fun for few hours of gameplay, then it gets boring. To be honest, I was expecting more based on the trailer but it didn't deliver."
76561198144503393,Recommended,298900,28454180,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Grand Master Janus,"Space Hulk: DeathwingSpace Hulk is a tabletop game very close to my heart, so much so that i still have my MS-Dos version of the game. (Of which i will never part with.)Space Hulk Deathwing is a Fps with intense action, furious Psyker abilities, and of course you get to stomp around in the most powerful armor in the Space Marine arsenal. The atmoshpere is fantastic and the combat can get intense as i said before. Although.... the performance has been okay for me(i5 4670, Gtx 960.) I`ve had 2 crashes in single player, the game does run smooth in single player however. Your AI Brothers are not very smart as well.(I`m looking at you Brother Barachiel.) Multiplayer is another story.....The multiplayer is currently horrendous. I get constant disconnects and Fps issues when playing with others, as well as some problems that others are having as well. Overall, I`m not very impressed with the multiplayer currently.7/10 (an 8 if the game has some patches to fix some multiplayer elements.)"
76561198068129822,Recommended,298900,34817082,Posted: 8 September,all,Creeeeeeeeed!,"it's basically a spess L4D. Used to be horrible but improved after a few patches. If u r a 40k fan, get it when there's a discount. Otherwise purchase L4D instead.Pros:Good graphics and great artworkMultiple classesL4D in tactical dreadnought armorCons:Few people play multiplayerFar less fun than L4D"
76561198017560757,Recommended,298900,28815693,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lombre,"if youre a big space marines 40k fan then youll probably like it regardless of the frame rate issues which arent even that bad most times to be fair, so if youve always wanted to be a terminator id say give it a buy, enviroments are great, detail is banging, feels like a real space hulk, big hordes, big nids, big guns thast all you need to know really."
76561198006595106,Not Recommended,298900,29964326,Posted: 16 February,all,Dodger,worst 40K game i have ever played and i have played all of them. boring SP with idiot AI and uninteresting story. Even dumber MP that could have been so much better. don't buy.If you want fun 40K FPS  then get Space Marine. Better story and more action.
,Not Recommended,298900,33745102,Posted: 23 July,all,tsruuuu-senpai,"Despite the game being well designed in terms of visuals, the gameplay was very disappointing: Clunky controls, lots of connection problems in multiplayer mode, lacking hardware optimization, underwhelming leveling system, no variety among enemies, unsatisfying weapon feedback, ridiculously terrible AI and just an overall dull experience. In addition, I found the super slow movement speed and general feeling of immobility quite annoying. I'm aware that this is what it must feel like to be a Space Marine Terminator, but a game like this is no fun when it seems like you're maneuvering a bulldozer through a bunch of narrow hallways.I'm a big fan of the Warhammer 40.000 lore, but sadly I have to consider Space Hulk: Deathwing another rushed and lackluster attempt at exploiting the franchise."
,Not Recommended,298900,28381425,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,stlaind,"It doesn't feel especially finished. My 4 man group had 2 people unable to even find our friend's hosted game in the server list until after a full restart of the game, then we lost a player while loading the map initially.  We had one player crash and the game took over their full screen and was unkillable. Further, the menus aren't especially intuitive or communicative of how changes will affect what you are doing.Combat as a whole is just jerky. The animations are aren't smooth at all, there's no real indication of what impact your attacks are having on enemies. The weapons, while pretty stock Warhammer 40K fare aren't really immersive. The Enemy AI isn't even as responsive as games from 8 or more years ago.Art wise, for being set in a universe that already has an exceedingly rich story and art style, it just isn't pretty. Warhammer 40k should be almost beautifully forboding and instead things just felt dank.Overall, I'd have to say that it might be worth it on a serious sale (down to under $20), and while it's not an especially BAD game there just anything really GOOD or FUN about it."
,Not Recommended,298900,28476727,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DaDe,"Stay in beta.This game is way to broken to be released.When playing singleplayer I had a great time shooting tyranids.But this fun was to be short lived as the bots got stuck, weapons got swapped when using a turret and a big variety of glitches never failed to suprise you.Thinking that the frustrating bot behaviour could be fixed by simply excluding them I tried on the multiplayer aspect of the game.It didnt really take long to realise my mistake as the glitching started almost instantly.Some examples:Some abilities got swapped and rendered useless between the classes.Almost all the controls were disabled when locking some doors.Ammo-counters stopped working.The objective is only shown to the host.This game is one of the most broken releases I have played this year excluding ""early access""-games.It can be fixed, as it has a lot of potential, but give it some time and see if the developers are willing to."
76561197967181140,Not Recommended,298900,28381426,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jboydis,"In the grim darkness of the future, there are only wh40k games rushed to market.Let's face it folks.. we're wh40k fans, and for those of us who like the video games, we're masochists. They're glitchy, they like support, they only really get good when the developer goes away and the community supports mods made with passion. (Looking at you DoW II and UA mod.) This game wants to be awesome. It's the terminator play you wanted in Eternal Crusade, but only when it works. 5 hours in and I have had 3 crashes that were the same as the developers doing their live stream on release. (Look it up. It's hilarious to watch their reaction and denial of how bad that was.) The multiplayer is great, but you just can't even play. It crashes, it disconnects, and my favorite glitch is when you accept a friend invite it will pop you into a random game besides the friend who invited you.Some day the emperor will protect us from developers who don't finish their game before selling it. I pronounce them diabolus extremus."
76561197980299571,Not Recommended,298900,28464618,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nasharan,"No recommendation at it's current state.First, regarding the framerate: Stop playing games on your toaster! If you cannot buy new hardware every now and then, better join console peasants! It's running smoothly with high settings on my 2015's gaming notebook. Yes, notebook! With a GTX970M - that's m for mobile!Pros:- Nice atmosphere, they really brought the W40K feeling into this game.- Good gameplay ideas and classes / weapons- For the Emperor!Cons:- No progression system (weapons, skills, skins) in multiplayer, which makes it serve no purpose. You literally just run maps again and again without gaining anything.- Repetitve singleplayer campaign- Singleplayer AI that doesn't deserve the word ""intelligence"". Seriously, the only thing missing is your AI brothers running into walls all the time.Conclusion: It looks good, but is bad. The Emperor is not amused."
76561198037021305,Recommended,298900,28440679,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Redrik,"Absolutely beautiful visuals and ambience. One just wants to stop and admire the amazing surroundings but you can't. The xenos are coming for you and your squad. At its core It might be repetitive and simple (explore the ship and purge the xenos) but by the god-emperor what kind of repetitive it is.If you like beautiful visuals, true WH40K atmosphere and the sound of storm bolters delivering the god-emperors fury then this game is for you.ProsBeautifulAtmosphereIntenseConsSimple and repetitive at its coreXenos spawn points on mapOccasional bugs ( no, not the kind you can shoot at)"
76561198084066720,Not Recommended,298900,28494247,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,poopnscoop2c,I really want to like this game. I really really do. It's gorgeous! It needs work. Way too much recoil on the weapons. You need all 400 rounds to hit something that's not right in front of you. An assault cannon is known for it's accuracy and terminator armor is made to negate recoil. Aside from the games balance I was so disappointed the first time i cleared a level and started back at level one. It doesn't even make sense. I left all my experience and weapons at the end of the last level??? Lastly MULTIPLAYER!!! It gave me cancer. I can't tell you how many times I have been playing and it either freezes up or I get dropped. Even trying to join a game is like navigating the warp. I hope one day they fix it because I will gladly play and update this review.tldr I should not of preordered.
76561198043383639,Recommended,298900,28396848,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,"I don't know why people are hating on this game. I think it's awesome, other than the fact it needs to be optimized. I'm sure there will be a patch in the future, but I think this is a refreshing take on the FPS games that are availible."
76561197987571756,Not Recommended,298900,28439245,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zerosen,Awful.  Absolutely awful.
76561198067720359,Recommended,298900,28392830,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ser Jethro Tully,"Pros:Good graphics and levels capture the right spooky/gothic feel of a Space Hulk in ways that no previous GW title really has. Pretty fun co-op. Captures the sheer joy of purging the xenos in your Terminator armor. Presents a solid foundation for further missions andCons:Severe, severe performance and stability issues. I was able to make it run fine on my system after manually downloading and installing the latest NVIDIA drivers, but the game still has serious framerate problems and crashes frequently. Multiplayer is hindered by the fact that at least one player's game usually crashes.Gameplay is fun but could use more depth, more class upgrades, character/model customization, more hidden loot. Hoping for these things in the future."
76561198081038002,Recommended,298900,30479823,Posted: 12 March,all,Glimmerman,Good core but still a lot to work on+graphics+atmosphere- content- performance
76561197989610932,Not Recommended,298900,29176031,Posted: 10 January,all,nitherean,"The devs say it took them four years to create this game.  Ok....what did they do in the other three and a half years?The game runs.  But it is not a stellar experience.The artwork and attention to details of the structures, W40K universe, marines, and tyranid seem to be the best things they did in the game.The worst is the multi player experience.  A game that should have been 'Left 4 Dead' with Adeptus Astartes and Tyranid feels strangely lacking.  Marines can not really coordinate or speak to each other.  Nor can one easily find games that are stable from level to level."
76561197965932401,Not Recommended,298900,28388511,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Magrath,"Time Played - I played quite a bit of the beta so my overall time is not represented correctly here.I will have a TL:DR at the bottom but if you want to comment on my review I would suggest reading all of it beforehand.My issue with Deathwing is not so much the gameplay but the flaws in the way it has been designed that I think present a barrier of entry that the average gamer will simply get tired of. But I will come to this later in my review for now I will comment on the 1.4hrs of Retail gameplay I managed to get:Main Menu lists the options of New Campaign or Tutorial, selecting New Campaign for the first time puts you in the tutorial, I would have liked the option to skip the tutorial at the very least as I played through it in Beta and the only difference is there is now voice over added to dialogue.Loading times still appear to be an issue although I have noticed that they are not quite as bad as they were in Beta.During the tutorial you are asked to ""charge"" at some targets, the impact of your charge, the sound effect and the animation of the character you charge are all mediocre. It feels lacking in weight, almost like knocking over some of those cardboard toilet roll cylinders and as this is pretty much your first impression of the game its a poor way to start things off.The Animations of the Tyranids are passable when swarming you but if you kill one on its own while close to you the mediocre animations become obvious. I took one's head off and rather than topple over and ragdoll in a natural way it seemed to turn rigid like a statue but fall over as if it lacked any real weight. I saw this style of death animation multiple times.In my opinion some of the HUD elements you get which are supposed to be immersive as if your system is booting up are actually quite immersion breaking, it doesnt feel like it fits the setting. The main HUD elements you have during standard play are fine.The Psygate ability has a delay before the onscreen prompt appears telling you the countdown, it feels as unresponsive as it is and actually makes you wonder if it is bugged before the prompt appears.The atmosphere created by some of the sound effects are really quite good so you do get immersed while wandering the corridors but Broken Door parts have no collision with the player, so if a sizeable chunk blocks the doorway you simply walk through it rather than knock it to the side which I found to be a little immersion breaking.My first death with the release version was when I ""Enabled"" a turret, then clicked ""hack"" and instead of hacking the turret it just exited the menu. At this point the 'nids were attacking in a swarm, the turret started firing, I thought it was firing at the nids and hitting me by accident but when I moved it tracked and fired at me. I attempted to hack it again but clicking Hack kicked me back out of the menu and I died before making another attempt. It would appear you need to ""enable"" the turret, leave the menu then open the menu back up rescan the area and then try hacking it. This seems broken/bugged to me, if it's by design then its poor design.After I died and restarted the mission from the beginning I was then finally presented with the opening cinematic that I did not get the first time the level loaded.The Orders Radial Menu you access through [SPACE] is still absolutely awful to use.When there are swarms of enemies performance takes a hit but not in a gradual slow down but in spikes of dropped frames. Other than that the game ran fairly smoothly with some dips in frame rate.Ok, that about covers the general gameplay issues I wanted to get out of the way, the bigger issues (in my opinion) are to do with multiplayer.First off, the multiplayer server menu has no difficulty column and this was mentioned a few times in Beta, this is an oversight but its less of an oversight than the overall design of multiplayer in general.In order to play a multiplayer match you must:Start the game > select Multiplayer > Select a server or try quick match > Load the lobby > select your load out > wait for other players > Load the actual mission > Play.IF the host has already started the game then you would have to press ""i"" after getting into the match and pick your load out. By pressing ""i"" you are taken onto another short loading screen (that is almost instant after the first load) where, while picking your load out, you can be attacked while your team mates ignore you because theres no Voice Comms and they probably ran on in front like randoms tend to do.When you look at how other games have done this you begin to question how much thought was put into this, they could have gone the Vermintide route of dropping the Main Menu system entirely and gone for a small Level which also acts as your lobby with all the options you require for starting a game and other options placed on the Esc key menu.ORThey could have gone the Killing Floor route of keeping the menus but allowing you to select your class and difficulty before searching for a match and then loading a small lobby before play begins to allow you to make changes. Deathwing leans more closely to Killing Floor here but in deathwing you dont get to select your loadout or difficulty before matchmaking and you have to load the level after the lobby whereas killing floor puts you straight into the match once you ready up on the lobby with virtually no load time.I would like to add that the lobby in Deathwing has a pretty poor UI in my opinion.My personal suggestion for correcting this would be;Allow the player to select their preffered load out and their preferred difficulty level before selecting a multiplayer game (due to the Librarian being locked to 1 player there should perhaps be an alternative loadout option in the event they can't get that particular class).Host's should be able to set the difficulty at the very first point of hosting the match along with naming the server and that difficulty should have a column on the server list for people to see.Quick Match would look for games set for the same difficulty as your preferance and also a game where you can get your first choice loadout.TL:DRIf you were looking at this for Singleplayer:The singleplayer was fun and atmospheric (I only got through the first mission in the time I had), It's possible to overlook the animations and other issues I had as there is something of substance here but I couldnt go indepth on the singleplayer with limited time to try it out. I believe that most of the issues affecting singleplayer will not be present in a few weeks/months. I just wish they had included the first level in the beta which would have allowed me to go a little further at release and give a better impression. Whether the singleplayer is worth the cost of entry alone is not something I can say for sure.If you were looking at this for Multiplayer:When you put it all together, the hurdles you have to jump over to get into a Multiplayer game, coupled with a lack of voice comms make for (as I said in the beginning) a barrier for entry that will put the average player off. This mostly affects the solo player or people who can't put a full group together, it wont be impossible for you to play multiplayer but be ready for your patience to be tested. People who can call on a few friends and hop into a VOIP will be able to avoid most if not all of the frustrations and get to enjoying the game more simply due to the better coordination from voice comms.For me personally I was looking for a coop shooter first so the multiplayer issues I cannot ignore and have put off some of the friends I would most likely have grouped with and that is why I have chosen not to recommend the game.Thanks for Reading."
,Not Recommended,298900,28421016,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lucky Luchiano,The hour I have from this game is trying everything to make it work but no matter what I do it's broken as hell.
,Not Recommended,298900,28407437,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chaplain Kharos,"Bad, rushed, incomplete game with no progression or reason to keep playing after the boring story. Broken AI, multiplayer really doesn't work, bad optimization and crashes!"
76561198034428100,Not Recommended,298900,28402453,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Onitenchu,"TLDR: Don’t buy this game until it has been optimised, re-released and spell checked.This is not a review, more of an opinionated caution.I have never written a “review” on Steam of a game, mainly because I never really went into the granularity details of a game to go as far writing a review.Space Hulk: Deathwing – I love 40K, played and modelled for over 15 years, love the lore, the creativity and the level of depth this tabletop game brought.And when I saw this game announced I was adamant I will love it no matter what. I just applied for a refund.Never have I applied for a refund on any game I bought on Steam. Generally speaking, if a game is not to my liking in terms of genre, story development or game design, I’d just stop playing it and call it a bad choice. Never have I gone to the trouble of submitting a ticket to get my money back.With this game, it really did cross the line for me. 2 hours in I have not completed a single mission; presumably not because I’m bad at FPS games, but the game itself does not allow me to progress enough in game before it crashes or fatal errors or generally glitches to the point enemies pop out of nowhere due to FPS drop and I die.Issues:Game crashes randomly and FPS drop - mind you my PC runs BF1 on high and I watch youtube on my second screen at the same time, it’s not the best rig out there, but it’s more than adequateSever disconnects often - I sit there in the loading not sure if my game has crashed or actually loading my main menu (half the time I just alt-f4 and restart the game -  it was faster)Frustrating HUD - field of vision obscured by your melee weapon, generally the wobbly force swordVery basic menu design setup - you would think a game released this year did not have to use solid colour filled boxed options, this menu I could have made in excel and it would have crashed less♥♥♥♥♥♥♥spelling mistakes. – seriously? Could no one have read over the in-game text before going live??I’m done."
76561197967619213,Not Recommended,298900,28665243,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shrike,"Space Hulk DeathboiledI had high hopes for another great 40k shooter but sadly this game is far from it anytime soon, it was very clear to see after an hour of gameplay I had seen everything the game had to offer, it is far from complete and quite obvious it was pushed out before it was ready.The enemy AI is awful especially melee you can kite them without getting hit at all by merely walking backwards this even works with the ""big scary Broodlords""Melee I could have forgiven its clunky dull nature if it was merely an optional thing to do, however you have an entire class based around using them and its god awful.Multiplayer progression is non existant sure you can level up in a mission sure but once your done you have to start all over which is just pointless, you could argue you could make it lore friendly option and just get everything but it just defeats any reason for replayability.Customize your Terminator? nope not happening, a 40k game with 0 ways to pimp your marine is madness want some more purity seals or change your shoulder plates different chapter? DENIED.honestly i could keep going about the bad but i think you get the point.I hope to see this game get some big overhauls in the next few months and hopefully become what it clearly wanted to be, but until then ill hang onto my money and i suggest others to do the same regardless of your a fan of warhammer or not, I love the Franchise but this is a big pass.GO Play Warhammer End Times - Vermintide you will get a much more enjoyable and replayable 4player coop warhammer game sure its fantasty but its done a really good job and deserves the attention."
76561197968560661,Not Recommended,298900,29003388,Posted: 4 January,all,Reathor,Bug ridden Alpha software at best certainly with regards to multi-player which feels like it was not even tested  after they finished the single player campaign. I was looking forward to this title but to say it lacks polish is an understatement. The Unreal Engine is of course pretty and enivronments the artists have done a good job on but that`s a given in a modern fps and essential to this universe. Sound is adequate in the f/x department but nothing special. The interface is not that user friendly and the actual linear gameplay and endless waves will have you yawning in no time. Oh look it`s another xeno.If it wasn't for the licence and even with a ton of patching it would be a mediocre fps at best.AVOID.
,Not Recommended,298900,28405950,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Foxhound Scylla,"First of, this is my first review and i try to make this as clear as i can.If you know you want to buy the game, do it. if you are unsure, wait for when its patched.i really want to like this game. i am a huge warhammer enthusiast, back then when i was in school i spent all my money on tau, imperial and spacemarine armies. and to make things clear: this game is a blast. it feels great, it makes fun, although the story is a bit hollow, but aside from the codexes and some books, we didnt have much story to begin with in RL.to the game, and why i dont think its ready to be bought.i bought this game after seeing the multiplayer featured in youtube. i went to the store page and read through the reviews. 50/50 back then, mixed ratings. i thought, maybe it wont be that bad, so i gave it a try and bought me and my brother the game.i experienced a lot of bugs in these 3 hours i've played the game and i dont think its worth spending 30€ although the feel is nice. why so? just to make the developers think and act. im not sure how much of a backlash my review has, probably none, but i want to set a mark. fix this games several bugs and im happy to recommend this game.if you still insist to buy the game, go ahead and support the developers.if you want to skip this list (which is featured on their website under ""known issues"" go to the bottom to my conclusionCons:extremely long loading screens if installed on HDD, still very long waiting time on SSD's, SSD recommended.freeze/crashes often enough in loading screen, but because you have to wait either way, you realize it when you stared at that loading screen for 15 mins.fatal errors without error codes randomly happen, in SP but more often in MP, resetting your progress effectivly.bugs like ""notbeing able to shoot/melee/run etc"" appear when opening or closing doors, sometimes can be fixed by opening another door, but sometimes you still have to restart.disconnection or synchro errors randomly every now and thensound bugs or clipping bugs ingameprosits a warhammer game and they did a damn good job on it.conclusion:really, i dont even regret my decision to buy this game twice. really im not mad with the devs. i just hope they wake up and patch this or it was money spend on something that is ""uplayable"".i hope they add new maps, bigger ships, more weapons, a better skilltree (this one is like a dawn of war game one), unlockable weapons, traits, skills, customization, items like medpacks or grenades (maybe not grenades, terminators rarely have em lol) etc.i hope they add a bunch of dlcs, maybe another whole new space hulk ?either way, i enjoy my game so far, even if i had not some but many frustrating moments, which made me never finish one single chapter in mp so far.if this game gets patched, i will change this review accordingly.hope you could get some insight in what i experienced."
,Not Recommended,298900,28401340,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Levnekaethian,"Let me sum the game up for you:- You will start the campaign.- You will spend the entire single-player campaign screaming at the AI (artificial idiots).- You will spend some of the campaign searching for Relics to outfit the dead Librarian held captive somewhere on your main ship.- You will realize Relics don't actually do anything and stop searching for them.- You will spend approximately 30 minutes doing absolutely nothing other than using the Heavy Flamer.- You will rage as soon as you figure out you can't use the Heavy Flamer in multi-player.- You will attempt to play a few multi-player games but you will try to view your inventory and the game will crash.- You will experience an ending cutscene that lasts shorter than a virgin during their first sexual encounter.- You will, in retrospect, try to figure out how Gideon Squadron made it into the Space Marines when you kill around 10,000 Tyranids throughout the campaign and they died to 5.- You will regret buying this game.There, you no longer need to buy the game because I've told you everything there is to know about it.  Save yourself."
,Recommended,298900,28688969,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Centronus,"Hello, Snap reviewBuy this if you can play co-op, codex rules (all equipment unlocked) and with a team of 4 on VOIP comms. It rocks. This game is HARD if you put on friendly fire and hard or harder difficulty. Yes you are squishy but there are in game mechanics to prevent insta death. Tacitcle marines give a shield to allies, assualts with Storm-shields for agro blocking (also have a self force field) and the ever necessary medic for the heals. You cannot play a serious run through a level without a medic (unfortunately no self heal mechanic).The story is interesting for those of us who are into the lore behind this particular space hulk and works well with the dark angels back story.Its in no way the best or most refined shooter but the AI mobs do really go for the throat and the team play ellement, i mentioned above, is crucial and make this game good. Yes it needs more work but the core space hulk experience is there and yes genestealers hurt you. Think of table top, once they are upon you they get some serious chances to kill red shirts tacticle marines. Even the space hulk turn based pc game you die easy as with board game.Thunder hammer is mini nuke, just turn off friendly fire and enjoy (much healing required thought XD).Purge the Xeno"
76561197963403918,Not Recommended,298900,28406901,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Unforgiven,"Untill they fix the fps and glitches, im at odds."
76561198199839462,Recommended,298900,28368928,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blacklion,"Pleasant change for the Warhammer genre..Great atmosphere that really appeals to the visceral nature of Warhammer 40,000Great fun with friends.Blood and Guts...everywhere..Terminators look and feel fantasticCons:Rather choppy frames on certain locations..even on higher end setups (currently testing on two rigs)Optimization needs a little more work..Wonky Multiplayer connections when not hosting (to be expected given it just released0Overall:The Emperor Approves.. For the Lion!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28367869,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,JMC 22,"Wow im a shocked, here’s a list of the issues:Performance issuesFPS dropsUnoptimizedBugsGameplay is bland and feels bullet spongeyMelee needs better sounds, feedback and animationsVoice over glitches and bugsCan crash recording softwareMinimising ♥♥♥♥s the game upMultiplayer disconnection issues STILL prevalentThe main menu has issuesMultiplayer still has massive server issuesAll of this is easy to notice in less than 2 hours of gameplay and some of these issues where a huge problem in the ♥♥♥♥ing BETA, that thing everyone was telling people not to judge it off and big ♥♥♥♥ing surprise its almost exactly like the BETA. I cannot express my dispointment enough at how this game has turned out but the massive waring signs were there. Atleast they arent scaming people like some other warhammer game that will not be named.I can think of a few positives of this gameThe atmosphereThe terminatiors desginThe overall look of the game in generalBut this doesnt matter you can sugar coat a turd all you want but its still a turd. But hey atleast the refund button works."
,Not Recommended,298900,28885808,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ナカジマ アツシ NOT ENEMY,shallow gameplay combines with visual clutter to make a mess thats visually amazing to look at.
,Recommended,298900,28381445,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TwoSkiMaloos,"It upsets me to see people abusing the steam review system on games that are actually good.""Hurr durr muh optimization!!11""""Muh 2000 fps""The game shipped with bugs, just like 90% of ALL games these days.But in time they do get fixed.Pros:~Authentic feeling purging the unclean in giant gothic like space hulks.~You feel as is you are a Terminator belonging to the deathwing.~Graphics are great, from the guts and gore splattering from your fallen xenos foes down to the fine detail of being able to read the purity seals.~The enemy are powerful and on higher diffulculty they can overwhelm even the best of players. But a good communicating squad can prevail.~Weapons are varied and feel authentic, but the melee needs more oomph IMO. Just doesnt feel like you have the power behind it.~Sound design is great, from the rumble of your storm bolters ripping heretics apart to the eeriness of the space hulk creaking and rumbling whilst you explore, its great and really makes you feel as if you are in the 40k universe.Cons:~AI can be painful at times, the xenos seem to get stuck on things and just run on the spot.Your fellow brothers during SP wont heal themselves without you telling them to do so which can be annoying whilst amongst a huge firefight, thus resulting in one of them dyng when they could've just asked the Apothacary to heal them, or he could just heal them once their health drops below a certain point.~MP games can be painful to get into, and servers dont seem to be very stable as of yet. My main problem is when everyone dies and you try and restart the match, it just crashes.~No voip? I know people will use other chat programs, but i would've thought voip would've been implemented in a MP game like this.~As I said above the melee doesn't feel as if you are purging the xenos with force, it just feels as if you are trying to slap him in the face with a wet fish or towel. I want to feel the power of one of the Dark angels finest punching these hertics in the face, or slicing him in half for the Emperor.~WHERE THE HELL IS THE FLAMER?!All In all the game is GREAT and I am really enjoying it, yes there is bugs present.But within time they will be ironed out (hopefully)If you love 40k, or just love a gruesome shooter get this game.I will be editing this review once I get more hours into the game and once patches have been released.But seriously though, where the ♥♥♥♥ is muh flamer?"
76561197970437107,Not Recommended,298900,28382946,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hombre-Blanco,"An absolute bug-ridden mess.  I have been trying to beat the first mission in both single and multiplayer for nearly two hours, and in that time the game has crashed with a simple 'fatal error' at least half a dozen times.  Granted Sometimes the controls simply stop working, and sometimes I get a good old fashioned lock up.  All of these bugs were present in the beta.  All of these bugs were supposed to be fixed during the 1 week delay.I think overall the game design is fun, albeit quite simple (Think L4D2), and the graphics are pretty good, but the game should NOT have been released in this state.  I'm pretty embarassed I bothered perordering this, but I was such a fan of the 3D0 classic I just didn't stop to think.DO NOT buy this game until the developers man up and fix their game.  Buying it and assuming it'll get fixed 'eventually' is how games are released in this state to begin with.  About the best we can do in these cases is to not give these people our money.  I'll actually give the developers a week to see if any ATTEMPT is even made to correct this before refunding.As it stands now--STAY AWAY.  Go play 'Space Beast Terror Fright' if you want your space marines vs Xenos fix."
,Not Recommended,298900,29869406,Posted: 12 February,all,[W1S1] Deus ex Mackina,Two months from release and no updates or fixes beyond the initial desperate scramble for multiplayer hotfixes which... didn't seem to do a great deal for stability or optimization. Steer well clear.
,Not Recommended,298900,28680210,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JustPlainLucky,"Was super pumped for this game, but it runs HORRIBLY.I can get upwards of 100 fps when fighting a swarm and then drop to 15-20 fps when walking down a hallway.I might give it a try later on, but for now, be aware that this game might run like mollases on your rig.(i5 4690k / GTX 970 / 16GB DDR3)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28861282,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,qngage,"well... still need something to make me coming back for more...KF2 still feel better...sooooo ... not recommended for me...only if you love the lore, go ahead...if you need a head popping fix, KF2 still get better..."
,Not Recommended,298900,28408796,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MamaChomsky,"Satan squatted, let out a loaf, they put a fu**ing title on it, put it on a marquee, Satan's sh*t, piece of sh*t, walk away."
76561197984116147,Not Recommended,298900,33751697,Posted: 23 July,all,Rando Calrissian,"This is the first game I've returned on Steam.  Recent reviews made it sound like the developers had patched it to a playable level.  All the negative reviews I've read where accurate.  The controls and play are clunky and slow.  The AI is none existant; they follow you and attack and that is about it.  It is pretty and atmospheric and really not fun at all.  I figure I better do my part and help keep the review rating for this game low; it deserves the 50% and not the 70%.  Buy Vermintide if you are looking for complex, difficult gameplay in a well designed and beautiful Warhammer world."
,Recommended,298900,28392735,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Voodoo_Chile,"I have to say upfront that I am a 40k fan and thus am biased but I am honestly enjoying this quite a bit.While the optimisation could be improved upon, and the UI is utilitarian at best the over all feel of the Terminators, weapons, environments and enemies are spot on.The multiplayer is good fun, particularly with the Codex rules which change the half hearted progression system into a more open, but vastly more unforgiving system where returning to your ship to reequip and rearm mid-level is out of the question.The singleplayer is interesting, but I do find that, given my desire to explore the entire level, that limiting the Psygates and only having auto-saves is a bit of a pain. A more dedicated singleplayer with less elements from the multiplayer would be appreciated there."
,Recommended,298900,28381945,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Luke,"There is a good game in here. Unfortunately, it is very buggy at this stage. There was an entire section where the textures did not load (check my most recent screenshot), or the models didn't load in, and I could see into the void and through the map. The game, when it was working, was tense and atmospheric.I will rebuy when it gets sorted out.So thumbs up for game, but wait until it's sorted to purchase."
,Recommended,298900,28368269,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CyborgJester,This is the style of spacehulk game you've been waiting for. Left 4 dead meets Republic commando meets Alien. The unreal4 engine really delivers the atmosphere.
76561198008374110,Recommended,298900,28451277,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xzyvoj,"This game is everything I hoped it to be and more. There is nothing like obeying the Emperor's will and purging the xenos with impunity! As a major fan of everything Warhammer 40k, this title was my MOST anticipated game of 2016, and I am pleased it does not disappoint! The first mission is gorgeous. Pipes and computers built aside gothic spires and walls of cobblestone immerses the player into the forty first millenia. I reccomend turning off all the lights and your second monitor for this one, chaps. (I also set the gamma dark). This is everything I've imagined 40k structues to look like and more! It is beautifully crafted!There is an erie silence as you lead the assault squad through empty bulk heads and down tight corridors. The ship moans in protest in the pressure of space. Servo skulls float about. Their cogitators whiring while they continue their maintenance routines. Unpertubed that their masters' no longer are able to care for them. They  will proceed with their schedule until their internal mechanisms ceese to function.The terminators are truly awe inspiring as well. A small group of the most BAMF space marines in their most advanced suits of power armor. The array of weapons that the player can possibly weild is epic! Yet, even with all this wondrously powerful kit, there is still a certain fragility to you and yours. You are only three genetically altered super-men against an unending horde of xenos filth! There is only so much that can be done to prevent the scourge from surrounding your squad and have them cut open like a can of tomato soup. It speaks for the horrors that the Imperium's soldiers have to face.Doubt creeps into the edges of your mind. ""Will I survive?"" More broodspawn charge forth from around the buttress as the bolter in your hand runs dry. *click, click, click* You manage to throw off a quick lighting blast before meeting the xenos  charge with your own. ""For glory! For the Emperor!"" You clash force sword with claw, knowing fullwell one mistep and the claws could rend through both armor and flesh. In these close quarters, the only protection left is your skill with a sword and your fervor for the Emperor.Now all this being said. I have only made it pass the first mission. When I begin the second, the sound dissapears and I cannot hear speech nor bolter fire. No ambiance nor battle music. I have attempted to reinstall the game, start a new campaign, reinstall drivers, and deactivate and reactivate my sound drivers, yet nothing seems to allow me to hear. As such, I will be unable to play this game until the issue has been resolved. This game is absolutely fantastic, but keep in mind when you go to purchase this that there are still many bugs yet to be had. My personal favorite is not having weapons after you acquire a relic. As soon as these issues get resolved, this will be a solid game that will solidify 40k games in the gaming community. You do not have to know anything about, nor be a fan of the series to enjoy this game. I will certainly reccomend this game with all my heart and soul, but the game is not whole yet. Give it a couple of weeks for the devs to iron out the grity details."
,Recommended,298900,28367481,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Neckreth,"Nice 40k game, sweet Spacehulk feeling! A lot of lore references and new stuff.Spray and pray...     , to the emperor of mankind."
,Not Recommended,298900,28879167,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,EinsDarkSky,"No controller support dispite having the button for it in the options. That's quality. Not to mention regular controls are unresponsive and the game runs poorly. Please add controller support, please fix the issues."
,Recommended,298900,30600264,Posted: 18 March,all,voidianpreacher,Server Lag:FIXED99% of bugs:FIXEDGame best played with friends.
,Recommended,298900,28447494,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,「Funky Dealer」,"works on my machine™but the campaign is only 7 hours and the last 2 chapters out of the total 9 are on repeated maps.I recommend getting this on heavy discount, its a good game, just not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,298900,28366530,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fading,"Stupid gameplay, stupid enemies, stupid squadmates. Nice architecture, bad looks of everything else. It feels like an indie game made by fans for fans. Totally not worth it's price, consider buying it only if you're a hardcore fan of the WH40k universe."
,Recommended,298900,28609818,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,metachr0n mk.I,The DEVs have listened to their user base.  This game is now what it should have been when it was released.  They have brought the multiplayer aspect on-par with the single player upon release and then some.This game now rocks!
,Not Recommended,298900,28773229,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LosMuertos,"I've only played the multiplayer for a few hours including my time in the beta. I play with a controller, and I *STOPPED PLAYING* as soon as i realized they never bothered to finish their controller support (they allow you to use a controller, but you cannot so much as customize your control scheme because that menu is currently inaccessible), so i will update this review *ONLY AFTER THEY ALLOW ME TO CUSTOMIZE MY CONTROLLER INPUT!*On another note, multiplayer is the blandest online co-op imaginable. Barely any context for your actions is given making you not give a damn for the story at all. Through each mission, you level up your character unlocking more weapons to use for your specific class, but then in a shocking twist, your progress is set back to 0 *EVERY MISSION*.Based on my multiplayer experoence alone, i cannot recommend this game, and i refuse to play another second without proper controller support."
,Not Recommended,298900,28774182,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Right0us_Man,"This game is a major disappointment and a obvious cash grab. For the time being, my vote is a 5/10. If your a serious fan of the 40k universe and love the space marines and squashing endless waves of tyrannid... then go buy it. Cause you will get some enjoyment from it, but wait until its on sale for less than 20 dollars.This game in its current state is not worth its full or any price above 20 dollars.This game was launched unfinished with a suspiciously short beta period, especially considering its numerous bugs on launch. A push back on release date of a few weeks and still it comes out not finished. I expected patches, and maybe one or two major fixes after release, but the launch status of this game is just a perfect example of how company's will push a product out to soon.First off, this game can be fun at times. However it is usually just far to irritating to play for longer than an hour or so.Single player is rather boring, aside from obvious action and slaying tons of bugs there really isn't much to do in this game. The 40k Universe is so freaking rich on lore and these space marines comment about next to nothing. The two battle brothers you start the game with might as well be storm troopers. They are entirely forgettable and soon you will simply be thinking and referring to them as, Medic and Heavy. What story there is isn't really all that compelling to be honest.Collecting the relics is difficult with them sometimes never appearing. Also you and your companions offer little to no commentary on these relics, their origins, their purpose, how they feel about you collecting them, and suspicion at their presence here despite the 10k year gap.Visually the game is stunning to say the least, not to mention that with a good high end pc it can look downright amazing. Seeing a wall of Xenos monsters charging at you as you unload on them is pretty cool, I wish the bodies took more appropriate damage when I unload 100-200 rounds into them, but they do pop and bleed a lot. Also i understand from a graphics / physics engine perspective sometimes giving enemy bodies that many bits that can be blown off is very difficult to code.So although I would love this to be better, it honestly understand why its as good as it is, but not what I was hoping for. The big baddies and the variety of generic enemies is nice and I dont really think the art design and monster design teams did anything wrong here at all. The bugs will try to flank you, though not as often as you might think. This is good sometimes, as it will have you stop firing at the obvious target, because you've become a paranoid bug hater who needs to check around any corner your radar pings, just in case.The game falls flat on its mission structure, the way it handles what story there is, and how the interface for pretty much everything is just not right. I love the look of the space-hulk but in single player and multiplayer I feel like the vast majority of it i simply cannot interact with and while its gorgeous to look at I also feel almost no connection to it at all, despite fighting for my life through it inch by inch. Again, your space marines never offer any commentary at all about their surroundings except at a few locations. Is nothing in this place even remotely interesting to these guys? There are sooooo many ways you could slip in more lore as they walk, they could discus anything for the emperors sake. These guys can be very long lived, but this place is almost ten thousand years old, they have to find some of the things they see here interesting enough to speak about it more than just the obvious missions related tid bits.Controller support is buggy, ad least for me. Some things work on it and some other things don't. I dont like how you prompt commands for your squad mates. I don't like how you go about swapping weapon load outs in multiplayer. I cannot understand why the game does not have built in microphone support at all, having a community focused game about carving a path through the bowls of a space-hulk and not having a microphone option to speak keywords for commands or simply speak to your fellow human squad mates is beyond unforgivable. This fact alone gives the game a DO NOT BUY recommendation.Things I don't enjoy about the multiplayer of this game.Its just the single player maps, which infinite healing and faster equipment loading. That's it. You guys couldn't just make a separate mini campaign for multiplayer? Hell call us by our ranks, and you could have voice actors deliver dialog during the multiplayer game. The single player even references this, by saying other terminator squads are doing things. Yet in multiplayer you are the single player squad. WTF? Are you freaking serious here? You had such a opportunity here to make untold dlc and other BS by just slowly giving out episodic level updates and story bits as we play a semi generic team of terminators. On special missions, similar to single player, almost certainty, but still obviously different. What a colossal waist. I'm utterly and completely disappointed in the Dev team for this. I will NEVER be buying another Games Workshop game aside from MAYBE Gothic Armada. Not until I know via review by a reviewer I trust gives it the go ahead.Y'all need to stop making these games the way you do. Listen.... your entire customer base hates the vast majority of your games. You wont give us another 'Fire Warrior' game for some reason. You wont stop making huge mistakes like you have in this game, in regards to its delivery and overall how it actually is, compared to how you presented it. You keep giving us hope and just stomping our chest cavity in, over and over and over and over. I'm so sick and tired of this half @$$ed nonsense you all do with your games.Slap yourselves in the face, wake up and realize that most people don't enjoy your games beyond a single play through. Redesign your entire idea of what a game is and how it is made into SOMETHING else, or just stop making pc games. Seriously.I don't like how the games only true progression in multiplayer is to play the librarian. The servers suck and constantly drop you, or refuse to let you join a game, forcing you to host. When you do host, after 4 players the game simply gets more laggy. No matter what the strength of the connection is, it gets more laggy.I get that the main character of the single player has the most focus and the most to unlock, but in multiplayer something has to be changed or its life span is very limited. Already the amount of servers active is pretty low and most matches end with a disconnect. When your team dies in a mission on multiplayer what is up with these choices? The ""Fix it"" or ""Continue"" buttons are confusing. Which one means restart the match with your current group, and what does the other button mean?I've asked people during matches, by typing because.. you don't have mic support.., and NOBODY KNOWS. We have no damn idea what either of those buttons do and which one we want to click.I don't think this game is a absolutely horrible game, it just isn't really that good. I dont enjoy the multiplayer experience for most matches. You just re-level the same stuff again and again and again. There is no real investment, there is no real reward, and after a while I just get so tired of my allies moving into my firing path and preventing me from hitting the enemy. I don't want to play with friendly fire on because most people simply cannot handle it, but I also hate how there is almost no communication because we cannot communicate by TYPING at all times in this game. …. Anyway don't buy this game for more than 20 dollars, if you must buy it. Currently I recommend not buying it. Go buy Dishonored 2 or Gothic Armada."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395617,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[x] Taan,"I really liked the game.My friends and I are currently doing a co-op playthrough and its a blast. But PROS don't outweight the CONSThe game does suffer greatly from a rushed release and not enough testing. The developers delayed the game a couple of times but didn't really fix the problems.CONS:All the negative reviews mention performance issues and it's really a thing. FPS drops, freezes here and there, but hopefully fixed in a patch.Multiplayer disconnect issues. Frustrating♥♥♥♥♥♥tutorialPowerXL ship (wtf?)Talents and skills need a revamp too. The MOBA style levelup to get abilities is a bit dull. Not having a ""heal self"" ability from the start, especially on higher dificulty is really annoying.AI is clumsy and dumbCommand wheel clearly designed for consoles.Needs weapon customization. Having unlocked a rank4 cool bolter but with 20 rounds? Not using it in a SWARM gameBeing a walking tank in ♥♥♥♥ing terminator armor I shouldn't be damaged by small arms fire. Rocket launchers, plasma guns and powerful nids I can understand, but when a swarm of gun wielding hybrids can kill  a terminator is outrageous.STCs are ""minor relics"". Entire civilizations were slaughtered for a working STC schematic. Here, we just grab them as a minor relic. WTF.Small bugs here and there. When you cancel a door block your abilities dont work until you block another door.No variety of enemies. Nids and genestealers are the only ones we've encountered. Feels the same as you progress. Needs more orks and chaos.PROS:It's a 40k game. And a good one at thatNot Ultramarinesoverall atmospheresound and ambiencePurging the XenosPretty good gunplay. Bolters feel powerfulGood story arc. Sence of puproseGreat multiplayerOverall I'd recommend the game to 40k fans right away. If you are new to 40k - wait for a performance patch.Best played in co-op"
,Recommended,298900,28702846,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,chazbotic,"Space Hulk is an old board game set in a compartamentalized section of the Warhammer 40k universe where super human soldiers wearing walking tanks - Terminators - explore a mishmashed asteroid of derelict ships and material (the titular space hulk) to recover relics, investigate anomalies, and secure glory for the Imperium of Man. They are opposed by Genestealers - an alien lurking horror that can rip open a Terminator like a tin can - that infest many Space Hulks.Ignoring weird lore about Genestealers and Terminators, the Space Hulk Deathwing game is a reasonable recreation of the gothic grim far future of the Warhammer 40k universe, and has absolutely wonderful atmosphere and fairly good graphics with faithfulness to the lore. That being said: true nerds will realize that there are some gameplay changes to facilitate the conversion from a turn based board game to a real time FPS, but ignoring those it's pretty spot on.Unfortunately there lies part of the problem. I was super hyped about this game because I remember playing Space Hulk back in the 80's and have been a Warhammer 40k fan for decades. Absolutely love the lore and the games, mostly.The games singleplayer is spot-on with a reasonable story (and mediocre ending) and much improved voice acting from the beta. The graphics ooze with alien blood, the coistered halls of ancient stone mesh with the innards of an Imperium ship with great attention to detail. The sounds (there's no music) are what you might expect from a creaking, groaning mass of stone and metal. The weapons are reasonable approximations of what a Terminator might use, from the Storm Bolter (being a little too weak against hybrids) to the Force Axe. Sometimes they are a little questionable (Redemption? aren't frag bolts just an alternate ammo type?) but I can absolve minor heresies as gameplay concessions.What is absolutely deadly in this game are the bugs, and not the Genestealer type. Crashes and freezing are common. With a hotfix that resolved most of worst crashes, the load times are still abysmal. There are very common network problems in multiplayer that leave someone stuck at loading screens or flat out not able to see other people online. Likewise, certain hardware combinations will constantly crash during even singleplayer - stuff that should have been caught in testing.If the game worked perfectly, it's a pretty good FPS adaptation of Space Hulk to play with friends and kill some genestealers through really really well made levels. As it stands, I would recommend the game only if you don't mind the poor optimization and stability of the game and that you're a Warhammer fan. There really isn't much replayability once you've beaten it, and spending half your time looking at loading screens taxes the most patient of fans."
,Recommended,298900,28397066,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,\\ RavensCall.twitch.tv //,"The campaign is a great experience, really cool map layouts with alot of diversity, not much copy/paste which I expected more of. I get 50-60 FPS on Maximum settings, but I have crashed a few times. Multiplayer seems alright, nothing special but I still enjoy running around purging nids with my friends. I recommend this game, if you have a good rig and really enjoy Warhammer 40,000."
,Recommended,298900,28525531,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Deadoon,"Ok, despite a few performance problems which are in the process of being ironed out, I'd say it is pretty good. Not exactly great but good. The gameplay is on par for what it is meant to be. Single player adds a level of versatility that isn't available in mp. The combat flow is very easy to read(you have enough notices to see where they will be/are coming from) but leaves you up to how to deal with it. The enemy variety is as one would expect from the premise. Customization is less than I would want, but follows canon to an extent(Wish I had storm bolter/power fist/cyclone launcher or autocannon).Yeah weapon balance could be better, but even so each weapon still has it's uses generally. The ""humble"" Storm Bolter can shoot at long and short ranges with minimal complaints, the assault cannon shreds in close range yet falters at medium and suffers greatly at long, the flamer can cut swathes through enemies quickly but has a limited range. Plasma cannon hits hard and does good area damage but has a wind up between shots. Honestly the only thing that is missing imo is the classic autocannon, would be a good middle ground between the plasma and assault cannon, rapidish fire, heavy damage and a small aoe.It is literally what it was expected to be in my opinion, a relatively slow paced corridor shooter against a variety of enemies that range from cannon fodder(hybrid strains and the basic genestealers which are akin to gaunts in this game), to stuff that will rip you open like a tin can.From a 1-10 scale I would rate it a 7 with 5 being an acceptable game for one playthrough, and a 10 being a famitsu 40 point quality game"
76561197972351030,Not Recommended,298900,28382305,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BEEFHANDS,"Unplayable in multiplayer which is the only reason anyone bought this game. Constant crashes, no checkpoint system, and unskippable cut scenes. A 40k cash grab and nothing else."
,Recommended,298900,28386367,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Slacker,"I like it... Me and two other friends played it for a couple of hours last night and it was a blast..Graphics are really good , so much detail everywhere . With a high end PC I bet this thing is amazing to look at.It ran suprisingly well with all the negative performance issues i've read.I think all the moaners and doomsayers need to go buy a petter pc or  an xbox or at least not buy a new game , better to stick to 3 year old games you can run and not have to post the same stuff i read the day after new titles are released......It will proberly get perfomance patches as time goes on but honestly my pcs not the best but it runs just fine. All my settings on medium with no obvious drop in frame rate.I'm not that far in but the story seems interesting and i'm keen to see what new lies in store for me and my fellow Brothers.For the Emporer. (or Something like that)"
76561198102299711,Not Recommended,298900,28516982,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,"S. Kane, Esq.","Bottom line: not good.Certainly not good for this price point.  If you're a big 40K fan, wait for a several months until it 1) is on sale and 2) is patched.  This game CLEARLY was released too soon.  In multiplayer, it's almost unplayable (crash, crash, crash)!  The solo campaign is interesting enough, but the pacing is slow, slow, slow!I was waiting for this for months.  But it's just no good.  And it's embarassing that it this costly and so very, very disappointing."
,Not Recommended,298900,28380220,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,JIVE_TURKEYS,Second refund EVER. Ok so most of these bad reviews are poorly put togeather rigs and people are rating a game on that? on having  apoor gaming computer really? Anyway. I have two gtx970s and I did not have one issue. ON THE OTHER HAND There is a bug in multiplayer that makes it so you can only walk JUST W A S D thats it no shooting no reload no anthing else. Nothing you have to alt-4 to get out and then whats the point? You cant really join the same server becuase their are like 10 servers. Most of the time your progress is not saved to you get to keep playing that same level over and over again hoping to not run into that glitch again. Other then that the game is FUN it just is fun to play it forces teamwork or you will all die. Its well put togeather and its been a long time sence a game has made my heart pump like that. like wayyyyy back to AVP 1 where you never knew what was going to happen death could be just around the corner. I have looked thhis glitch up and it has happend from all the way back to the beta until it gets fixed I will not be repurchasing this game nor do I recomend it
,Not Recommended,298900,28380233,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,blindrun,"So, I found the game enjoyable. Missing things include the gamepad options being greyed out, even when the controller is working. Inability to save and no checkpoint system from what I can see so far. It does have some sort of old school clunky fps nostalgia that draws me in. Tight corridors and loads of enemies with sufficient gore.https://youtu.be/yYp0ONcMvpsUnfortunately, to make it fun I had to throw my Titan XP at it. Any attempt to play on a RX480 8GB or GTX1060 6GB results in crazy fps drops during the horde mode portions of the game. The Titan XP at 1440p would drop to 30fps frequently during these sections. So that means at this time, with knowledge of the current type of cards a majority of people are running, I cannot in good conscience recommend purchasing this game until a substantial performance patch is in place. A quick note, you can in the .ini user config file turn head bobble all the way off by modifying to 0 :)."
76561198191584782,Not Recommended,298900,28431872,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,keith_greenhalgh,Returned for refund.concept of the game was good.I recall playing Space Hulk in the 90's and enjoyed it.This game was not quite ready to come out of the oven.....still needs a lot of polishing or cooking yet. Frame rates when being swarmed made it unplayable.Perhaps after some patches and improvements will revisit.
76561197996766578,Not Recommended,298900,28431948,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rakilonn,"My game experience so far :10 connection errors to join a multiplayer game via lobby or Quick Join.0 game successfuly joined.Graphic      okMusic         inexistantSound        bad (For example : Storm bolters make the sound of a little rifle? Really?)Just avoid this game, and buy Left 4 Dead 2 or W40K : Space Marine depending on what you really want.Note: During the beta, I was able to join games, so they break the netcode for the release."
76561197995550293,Not Recommended,298900,28412924,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Clockwork,"This is the only game for which I've requested a refund from Steam.  The Emporer is horribly displeased with this product, and it fell horribly short of my expectations.  I absolutely loved Vermintide, but this, in short, just isnt fun.It feels like you slowly clunk around a giant spaceship and have bad repetitive fights with lame Tyranids, which should by all rights, should be awesome fights with Tyranids.I hung up the ol' stormbolter on this one."
76561198071423112,Recommended,298900,28430461,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JawsAMT,"i wish to start off this reviewby saying, yes this game was held back, no i am not a massive warhammer player and no i am not too much into the lore.that being said, this game looks and feels amazing, the UI could have had a bit of polish but for the gritty universe i believe it serves its purpose well.i have seen people writing saying that the game runs likerubbish on a 980ti, i would like to clarify this.i have ran this game on a 970FTW and my SLI 1080 cards, there is next to no difference in 1080p, the reason people are getting frame drops is that they are using an out dated AMD processor, i know this as almost every forum says it is AMD and also my AMD cpu cannot run this game properly and i encounter the same problems these otheres encounter.i typically run this game on 1080's and an intel I7 6th gen processor, i have had absolutely no problem with it and no crashes, the same goes for my lower 970FTW setup on an intel I5 5th generation. the problem is not the game this time guys it is your machine, please stop writing false reviews saying it runs bad on a 980ti, it runs perfectly on them.all in all yes i would reccomend this game as long as you know what is in your pc and as long as you are not using incompatable pc parts, that part is your fault and not the dev's, you wish to run brand new games max settings but only have a 4 year old pc ??  not going to happen guys, but if you are a fan on gritty and challenging games then i believe this will fill you with hours of enjoyment and heart attacks as the room fills with tyranids.thank you for reading my review."
76561198070100091,Recommended,298900,28369300,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Salty Scotsman,"Writing a poor review on Day 1 of release is slightly unfair. So here is my FAIR review;Running this game on my 1070 and the game runs like a dream, I can imagine if you have anything less than a 970 you will experience some screen tear but I have had no issues with this game graphically.So far the difficulty is spot on and the game looks and runs well while churning through tonnes of enemies, i felt imersed through my first chapter when .... i ran into an issue. There was some connection issues and some controll issues early on in this which was pushing me towards disliking this game, somehow I couldnt fire or generally do anything aside from running about. Alas i perservered and pushed onward willing to look past the bugs and at the game quality...and oh boy is it good.First chapter complete and running into a pristene room to turn the walls red is a complete joy. The graphics once again had me in awe and there was even times I found myslef reading small writing on scrolls and armor..... this game is- at the end of the day - an imersive experience to say the least.To conclude I didn't refund it and actually bought a copy for a friend, given time this game will iron out the early issues and I for one am willing to look past it. So, if you have a garbage computer look elsewhere, and if you aren't willing to look past the bugs from a game that has been in the store a whole 7 hours then go play minecraft; this game is good and will get better once these issues are ironed out."
76561197983373520,Not Recommended,298900,28392651,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ManRammer,"Played this a lot during beta. What an utter mess it was. And what an utter mess it is in its released state.I've been playing 40k games since the 80's, starting with Space Crusade, Space Hulk and the first edition of Warhammer 40k. I am well versed in the ""fluff"" (lore). And I must say that to begin with that they succeeded well with the base map design, texture work and the much appreciated general aesthetics of the 40k world. And that is it. Filters + lighting (spotlight included) make it all look washed out and hard to appreciate while on a mission.There are a few hundred issues and problems I have with the game, both big and small, and I refuse to let my hype and my deep desire for this game to be good overshadow the fact that it is a mess. And it feels empty.Gun handling is utter garbage, you won't feel like a space marine. You feel like a poor guardsman holding a bolter the size of his mom trying to not perish from the recoil while spreading shots all across the corridors. Infinite ammo. Headbob always on. Muzzleflashes that drown your eyes and really irritate you (do not play with epilepsy!). Performance is sub par. FPS for me is extremely uneven.General mission design, voice acting etc is sub par. I just don't feel really immersed, there is too much ripping me out of it. Not a lot of customization to do, skill tree is uninspiring in single player. Relics are just collectors items. The meta game is empty, it feels more oriented towards being a horde shooter. And if you are going to make a horde shooter you'd better make both the enemies varied and the gunplay excellent. The opposite is true here. Enemies are all a mesh of genestealer look alikes, hybrid look alikes and then big guy.Multiplayer.. don't get me started. I'll just sum it up like this: it doesn't work. There is no global progress, no real co-op campaign (BIG BIG MISTAKE - you can only play single maps/missions), no customization at all and level progress is attained during your on going mission and not kept.Sound effects for the weapons are just.. god awful. Go to ""youtube"", search for ""Space Hulk (1993) intro HQ"" => Fast forward to 0:55 => listen to that assault cannon. A game released -93 has better sound for the gun than this game. Don't get me started on the storm bolter - it just sounds like someone hit his hammer against a thick piece of wood and they repeated the sound.I just wrote this haphazardly and without any structure or thought. I've barely mentioned any of the many problems I find with this game. I don't want to spend any more time or energy writing about this unfinished game. Refunded the game. My first refund actually, and this is from someone who owns 274 games.For me, this game is worse than the release of Aliens: Colonial Marines. I played through that♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this.. I can't. It breaks my heart."
,Not Recommended,298900,29288605,Posted: 15 January,all,Zarina,6 months after release the game is still choppy even on low settings this is unbelievable.I7-4770gtx 107016bg ram 1866mhzDo not buy.
,Recommended,298900,32664595,Posted: 22 June,all,Smitty Is In Boot Camp Rn,"dope as hellbeing a termination is the least heretical thing you can doif your a fan of left for dead youll enjoy this game, play with friends on a harder difficulty to increase enjoymentAssault cannon best weapon in game from beginning to end"
76561198050369835,Not Recommended,298900,28562639,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mathredon,"It's the same thing over and over get from point A to point B and kill all the monsters on the way, stupid team A.I mates get in your way all the time.Can't upgrade your items and only have a small selection of wepons."
76561198023592625,Recommended,298900,32510400,Posted: 17 June,all,BeastMan,This game is so far at lest the first chapter well done. It does require alot of PC power so as the hardware gets better it then can be played through with all settings set to high. I do like the detail of the Marines. Impressive.. Hopefully they will keep patches coming as needed from the fans of the game.
76561198041120583,Recommended,298900,28396103,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A1WAY5WATCH1NG,if you have a good pc that can handle the game then yes this game is worth it but if your pc is a few years old and on the low end dont buy it because it wont run well but i feel if the developers optomize this game more which they probably should have before releasing the game then it would have a much better user review on steam the game itself when running well is great and if you like warhammer 40k then its a must buy but only if your pc can handle it its like left for dead but way better because its warhammer
76561197993165053,Recommended,298900,28428026,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Marius Gage,"I am a 40k fan and so i really like this game, the atmosphere is great, one moment you're taking a nice stroll down a corridor of a Space Hulk, the next Genestealers are coiming out of the walls, ducts, and you can be in a very serious situation quick sharp.The scenery is in my opinion fanstastic, it really feels like the inside of 40 k ships, claustrophbic corridors, pretty epic halls (certainly on the Black Templar ship) there are great little touches of dead tech preists and servitors all around the hulk. All the ships have a slightly different feel as they all have their own iconography, from sentlinal loaders on the Cadian ship, to Black Templar shoulder pads and bolters on the Black Templar ship, Space marine statues and loads more. The look and feel of the game gets a big thumbs up from me.The downsides in my view are the gameplay can be pretty frantic and there are certainly still bugs in single player and multiplayer which can be really annoying. My biggest gripe however is that there are no Chainfists!!! i mean come on, they were designed for carving up bulkheads on Space Hulks and they don't even make an appearance. I'm sure this makes me and every other 40k fan sad.Overall i would say, if you like 40k you'll like this game, if you don't know about 40k, im sure the game losses quite a bit, but if you like the look of the videos, take a punt as you might like it."
76561197999234376,Recommended,298900,32633390,Posted: 21 June,all,Terry the Testicle Tickler,"This is a good game, but did have a really bad launch.I'll keep the review shortPros:Fun gunplaygood atmosphereGood horde feeling to the genestealersclaustrophobic take on the environmmentactive devs who actually fix the issues with the game where they pop upAwsome feel to the terminator armor and just the 40k elements in general feel really nicegreat amount of detail to the environments you exploreCons:kind of repetetive♥♥♥♥♥♥ launchA.I. allies are kinda derpy and constantly need healedMeh:O.P. autocannon (can basically wipe an entire horde with one guy using it, good for lore, bad for balancing)armor isn't as strong as it should be by lore standards (done for balancing, would kinda suck if you were invincible like the lore suggests)"
76561198003599191,Recommended,298900,28903989,Posted: 1 January,all,Squid,"Space Hulk Deathwing is worthy of the Space Hulk franchise. Perhaps its biggest strength is the depiction of the Space Hulk itself. This is truely WH40K come to life, the enviroments are simply incredible and ooze atmosphere. The Genestealers are well done and again stay faithful to the fluff.The weapons feel powerful and you do get the sense of being a Terminator. The order interface is clunky at best and the AI of your fellow Terminators not the best, often  they seem oblivious to being attacked. Thats not a game breaker though, but it would be good if it can be improved. The lack of ingame voice comms in multiplayer is a problem.I encountered no frame rate issues.My biggest problem was that i didnt want it to end, 9 chapters went past quickly, they were however incredibly enjoyable."
76561198344464635,Not Recommended,298900,28397358,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A Dirty Pickle,"This game looked promising to bring the ultimate co-op experience based off the same gameplay as Left 4 Dead. However, sadly it was anything but that. Space Hulk lacks in long term playability with no customizations and limited loadouts. All the level you gain in a round are gone and you start fresh next game. The multiplyer is a HUGE bust considering its just the single player campaign just divided into ""Chapters"".. Do yourself a favor and save yourself the money and invest it elsewhere and more importantly save your self from the disappointment if you were as hyped as i was for this game to release"
76561198030458890,Not Recommended,298900,28461140,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Prologus,"Key Features:*Take on the role of a Space Marine Terminator from the most secret and feared Deathwing.(Single player, Not in Co-op)*Plunge into the claustrophobic tunnels of a Space Hulk. and experience a desperate battle against the Genestealers. (Single player, Not in Co-op)*Unlock new abilities through 3 skill trees.(Single player, Not in Co-op)*Grow in power and weild devastating weapons.(Single player, Sadly still missing alot of weapons in Co-op)*Coop mode: play with your friends as a Terminator squad in an epic coop mode( Nothing fixed yet, Co-op is not much fun with all these crashes)"
76561198012734159,Not Recommended,298900,28365419,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[BWC] Gamedrake,"Single player is decent, so thumbs up for that. Though your squad AI is... lacking at times. For example I have noticed a few times my guy is staring at me and a Stealer is low picking away at him, its like he doesn't even see it.They also LOVE to step in front of you and block your fire lane.But its pretty and the story is good.Multiplayer... thumbs down...Multi player still has serious net code issues. Lots of disconnects, and there is a bug where you have to completly restart the game to see servers after a few drops. Another one where you weapon buttons go dead. I seriously cring at the lack of QA now a days...And why oh why can we not have squads of 5 like a REAL termi squad(?) .. let me guess, console port? I hate you for this.... You had Gav Thorpe... Do you not know the standard config for a Termi Squad in the Lore...Why are their no relics in MP? Could you not randomize their locations...Why is there no VOIP in a tactical shooter? What is this the early 90's... The in-game commands do not cut it in MP at all.You lied about the adaptive swarm AI, its the same every level everytime I play... Its scripted... The config or type of Nid might be different, but the ambush points are always the same...And can we plz see the pings... I am so tired of trying to connect to a game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ping to my area....It needs polish in this reguard...Did I mention 5 man squads... seriously... If congestion is a concern, have multiple objectives so they have to split... rocket science I know right?I would wait on this one, even the pre-sale weapon is meh... And now its pretty well know it crashes the game for other players... What an outstanding item...I don't understand why devs think they need to reinvent the wheel here... This should of been an easy success..."
76561198009926101,Recommended,298900,28381758,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Balkin,Very fun so far just finished first chapter... no gliches...Graphics are gory and so so eerie... first encounter made me jump... haha..
76561198055562118,Not Recommended,298900,28393197,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Teniscon,"full of bugs, crashes and everything just looks stupid, man u destroyed our faith. thumbs on the floor"
76561197970739339,Recommended,298900,28391632,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is an FPS adaptation of the 1989 Space Hulk board game and draws on the EA tactics games of the early 90s. As in the 93 game, this entry stars the famous first company of the secretive Dark Angels chapter of Warhammer 40,000's genetically-altered poster boys, the Space Marines: the white-armored Deathwing. A space hulk dubbed the ""Olethros"" has dropped out of the warp in Imperial territory, and the psychics of the Dark Angels have recieved a vision of a lost artefact of their chapter and an imminent threat. As a Librarian, a battle-hardened psychic veteran, you will lead two other Deathwing marines in a series of missions to penetrate the hulk, battle the alien Genestealers and retreive a piece of your chapter's history.Though a FPS, Deathwing's combat and overal pace are slower and chunkier then most other shooters out there. As you're wearing the incredibly bulky Tactical Dreadnought, or ""Terminator"" armor, movement speed is slow and sprinting is extremely limited- though conversely you can actually damage enemies by sprinting into them. Not unlike Space Marine, there is a fairly equal emphasis on melee and ranged combat, though this game lacks that one's comparitvely bombastic style and dramatic orchestral score, instead opting for imposing ambience of creaking metal, crumbling stone and the skittering of hostile claws. You may only carry a single firearm and melee weapon at a time, though you have unlimited reloads, though campaign or when playing the Librarian class in multiplayer, you can equip up to three psychic powers with various satisfying and devastating effects. Your enemies, the Genestealer horde, are numerous but don't have a terrible degree of variety or intelligence- some cloak, some spit, some can use guns or psychic lightning, and a handful are big. Mechanically speaking, it's nothing you haven't seen in other games. Their behaviours are extremely predictable, and their advantage lies in their numbers and aggressiveness.The game features multiplayer for groups of four, though the levels are more or less identical to those of the campaign- only with even more enemies, and with increased spawn frequency, even in areas where they would not spawn in the singleplayer for narrative reasons. Aside from the Librarian, you may play as an Assault, Heavy, Apothecary or Tactical, with the singleplayer's range of weapons distributed among them. The Librarian lacks heavy weaponry in multiplayer but retains his power-boosting ""Force"" melee weapons, which offer decreased cooldown for his powers. The Assault is pure melee and can teleport, the Heavy has the signature rotary Assault Cannon and Plasma Cannon, as well as the anti-armor Vengeance cannon, the Apothecary has various healing abilities and the shotgun-like ""Redemption"" bolter, and the Tactical may use the rapid-fire, low damage ""Caliban's Spear"" plasma weapon and carries a beacon to respawn other players faster. All of them may use the stock Storm Bolter and a few other options. Multiplayer has an odd per-level progression mechanic where you begin each session at level one and automatically level up with enough kills, unlocking additional abilities, weapons and passives, though there is an option for ""Codex Rules"" which disables this mechanic and unlocks everything from the start, though it also imposes limited respawns and restricts you to the class and loadout you selected at the start for the duration of the level- strangely enough, without ""Codex Rules"" you may swap gear and even class at any point during a level. Additionally, certain weapons from the campaign, such as the ""Hellfire"" bolter and the iconic Heavy Flamer, seemed to have been omitted from multiplayer for unknown reasons.Solid, if limited in scope, Deathwing has decent controls and excellent atmosphere and sound, and particularly I must praise the level design- the imposing Imperial architecture of the vessels you explore are particularly memorable when compared ot the brown and boring warzones of military shooters. The voice acting is also good, but the dialogue is extremely stock. At the very least your Librarian character has spoken lines, but he doesn't even get a name, with subtitles identifying him simply as ""Me"". The game is challenging even on normal difficulty, but perhaps not for all the right reasons: You have limited supplies in terms of times Brother Nahum, your medic can heal and times you can access the ""psygate"" armory to heal and resupply. Learning to block is likely vital, as it is in Vermintide- though perhaps not to the same degree. However, it is impossible to block certain types of damage, namely bullets and rockets, and your ponderous movement speed means they are also hard to dodge. You can alleviate a lot of your own headaches by equipping Brother Barachiel, your heavy weapon guy, with Lightning Claws with which to block a lot of incoming damage, and equipping yourself with the Plasma Cannon to blow multiple 'Stealers away with it's impressive area damage.I also hear a lot about framerate and networking issues, and I myself have noticed steep frame loss when lots of Genestealers are on screen- which is often. There is also an issue where the game's collectibles, called Relics, may completely fail to spawn, necessitating restarting the current level, and a persistent problem with settings like brightness or view bobbing resetting to defaults each time the game is run. People I know that have the game report that while the campaign works enough to be playable, multiplayer is an absolute mess of disconnects and lag and they cannot finish even a single chapter. Considering this and the reviews, it's likely this game should have been delayed much longer then it was. However, as a veteran of Streum's previous title, EYE: Divine Cybermancy, I can tell you that optimization and bugfixes are probably a long time coming. I'm thankful to get this game as it is, and if you've got a powerful rig I can recommend it, with caution."
,Recommended,298900,28426736,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Fur,Awesome! Epic! Fantastic! Love it!Some people like to equate fantasy with suits and magic weapons.. Please dont be one of those people..This is one hardcore game Im telling you... play with with ya mates on max difficulty and you will not be disapointed!-Cons:Fake COOP.... the scripting from campaign is not in coop.. thus its basically multiplayer with campaign maps... :(I found a bug while looking down a vent.. the mobs will spawn and you can just farm exp for ages and level up to max on the first stage... gg..
76561198069605175,Not Recommended,298900,28430428,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Raihayle,"No character progression, more bugs than a tyranid hive, ctd when I try to open my inventory, dialouge doesnt work when not hosting a multiplayer game, frame rate is all over the place. Overall 2/10, not worth exterminatus."
,Not Recommended,298900,29069720,Posted: 6 January,all,SUBBUTEO STEVE,"This game has great potential to be awesome like the similar title Vermintide. But it seems as the dev's have taken the money and ran, it crashes often, UI makes no sense, the load times are unbearable, the sound is set to deafen by default and resets everytime you boot the game. The patch that promised to fix the issues has bearly done a thing.Overall...DON'T BY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,298900,28822147,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[LP],"Great game, performance issues seem to have been fixed. I'm running a 780 at 1080p and currently having zero issues with lag, or slow down. Anythihng like that.The game is stunningly beautiful in all honesty, it does have a few shortfalls, a little bit of a clunky user interface, but nothing I couldn't get over. You feel like a space marine, large, hulking, but get overrun and you're going to feel it! So far the game is very fun, I enjoy hunting for relics (keep an ear out for whispers)Definitely worth a buy if you catch it on sale, I didn't mind paying full price. But I can imagine you're going to get some sour 40k fans here ... I'm sure a good portion will enjoy it though (:"
76561197970495005,Recommended,298900,28403435,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nosmirc,"Based on single player, I got pretty much what I expected. Being a big walking tank with a big gun, laying waste to flithy xenos as they're purged from the universe. Had a handful of crashes, had a flicking issue that going borderless windowed mode fixed, and there were some areas that made my system chug a bit, but all in all, I got my moneys worth and enjoyed it."
76561198038899071,Not Recommended,298900,28742205,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Meridian Knight,"Is your faith in the God Emperor of Mankind absolute?  When you were a wretched child on a Hive World, did you look up to the blood-soaked stars and dream of dying for the Emperor on some distant planet?  Would you give your life to destroy the filthy Xenos which threaten your homeworld, your Sector, and even Holy Terra itself?  Then maybe you have what it takes to be an Astartes, a towering beacon of faith and fury given almighty form!  Or at least a Guardsman.  If the thought of sawing the head off of a foul heretic using your trusty Storm Bolter gives you an erection lasting for more than four hours, then this is the game for you.Sadly, this game also has a lot of kinks to work out and while I would love to wholeheartedly recommend dying for the Emperor on some warp-blasted wreck, I cannot do so in good faith.  This is the skeleton of what may be the best WH40k game ever made, but the flesh is still weak.  The game is a resource hog and riddled with bugs and crashes; while some weapons are fantastic, others feel light or flimsy.  Genestealers spawn in set patterns and are very predictable after the first run or two of a map.  Basically think of this game as Left 4 Dead, but much less polished.  If the devs fix these issues in the future or if the game gets opened up to modding, then I wholeheartedly recommend that you join the Crusade immediately - but until then, the Long Night continues."
,Not Recommended,298900,28582918,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Eosphorus,"What to say...As you start the game, you'll find yourself in awe of the marvellous work done on its atmosphere.from the tight corridors and endless wave of genestealers, massive halls and stunning architectures, it sticks to the source material and does 40k Justice. you will be immersed in the world you've been dreaming of-since playing the tabletop counterpart.(based on Hard Difficulty)The Single player campaign consists of you (Librarian) and two other AI terminator companions.most of the time, the AI just stands there...doing nothing, unless you command them to do 3 basic things you can order them to do (move, lock/open doors, heal/defend) . they scream things that make them spess mehrines but other than that, they are useless (aside from fodder). the radial menu is very fragile and tedious, and the hotkeys needs to be pressed multiple times until they do want you want them to.Controls are a bit laggy. i can understand you are wearing a Hulking Terminator armor but the response time when clicking buttons are slow-- so in effect, you'll just spam the LMB in the correct direction and forget you have other keys you can utilize in dispatching the Nids'Note: you can make them OP if you equip them with melee, specifically the Claws.The game runs fine while you are wandering the space hulk but once you encounter your first Horde, FPS drops from 60-55 to 35-20'ish, you'll ask yourself ""what just happened"" as you could only see the last 10 seconds as a powerpoint presentation slide. it needs an optimization fix.(Single Player and Multiplayer)The Progression system is very linear. 3 simple branches, with minor upgrades to your armor (ex. 10+ armor, more Health bard, etc.) as you get through the campaign, you'll unlock other weapons and pieces of cosmetic amor that you'll never appreciate as you are in FP Mode. in Multiplayer, the progression system is done via Character level, as you level up you'll unlock weapons, but it resets after a campaign-which is bullcrap. in summary, it doesnt promote replayability, as there is nothing you'll come back to.This game need a desperate post-release patch that would address major issues for it to be the 40k game we've been pining for. kinda feels it was geared towards single player aspect of the game.a heavy-hearted recommendation for this game. i really want this game to succeed and it has lots of potential, but everything is just baseline. let us hope it would improve over time...or it dies in a wave of 40k games that have been surfacing this past year.-update-for the life of me i tried playing the game again...but alas, the problems overwhelmed my optimism. i do not recommend this game for now.TL:DRPros:- Gameplay is okay- Visuals and Sound is awesome- Good Campaign- Singleplayer is a must- Sticks to  the 40k Warhammer LoreCons:- Performance issues- Bugged interface- Does not introduce new comers to the lore(they will be left with a 'WTH' everytime)- Progression is pointless- Low Replayability"
,Not Recommended,298900,28381385,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Boondock,I'm so disappointed right now. ZERO DEPTH. This is not ready for release. I did the alpha and beta. I should have foreseen this buggy unoptimized mess. Could have been great. The concept is there. A fanboys dream. why can't we have nice things
76561198075573262,Not Recommended,298900,28381388,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Drakoz55,Would be a good game if it didnt crash for 1-2 secs every 30 seconds. finding it unplayable. Hopefully it will run smoother in future then i would recommend
76561198021270465,Not Recommended,298900,28381423,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chibee-Dickbutt,"This review is based off of the beta and early release gameplay.So far I am severly disappointed. As far as I can tell the only thing fixed with the extra time taken post-beta was improved load-times, but given that load-times would previously lose in an uphill molassass race in winter, this isn't saying much. The game frequently has unfixable glitches and errors, from complete lack of controls (save looking around and moving), to failing to display waypoint markers, to just plain fatal errors in the host. Outside of this the removal of the Heavy Flamer (an iconic Terminator and Space Hulk weapon) and a lack of weapon options in multiplayer have me pretty miffed. As of right now I cannot recommend this game. I may revisit this if the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix these game-breaking bugs, but it's bad enough I'm cosidering refunding my first Steam game, and I bought Command and Conquer 4 on launch."
76561197970471682,Not Recommended,298900,28693874,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[LoD]Soulmaster,Very clunky. Game felt like it was developed for console then haphazardly converted to PC.
,Not Recommended,298900,28384417,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gren Armitage,"I had such high hopes for this game, but sadly it fell quite short. At this time I cant recommend this game mostly because of very poor optimization that makes it chug pretty badly. There is noticable frame rate issues, and even at max settings the game is rather ugly. Poor textures and some sort of awful film grain that makes the game look worse. The controls are awkward and while a game pad can be hooked up and used its set up very poorly and the game pad setting option in the config screen is greyed out and does not allow you to change settings. Another issue is the sound, its pretty bad. While the voice overs seem to have been updated since the beta, nothing else was. The sound effects are mostly too hallow and light, they dont make you feel like you are a giant space marine in super heavy power armor. Breaking walls and doors sound insignificant and they have no impact behind the blows. I really wanted this game to be good as we need more good Warhammer 40k games, but this one feels rather half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest. If the game gets patched to fix the frame rate stutter, controls issues, poor graphics and sounds, perhaps I will play it. As is though I am sadly tempted to ask for a refund. =("
76561198014638849,Recommended,298900,28406185,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TerraZZ,"Quite nice :) has some problems, but.....FOR THE EMPEROR BROTHER!!!PURGE THE HERETICS!!!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28410584,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,1st Captain Forrix,"Long summary ahead, only made it so big because I feel I owe the 40k universe effort.I'm a huge fan of Warhammer 40k, I play the tabletop ( my army is even the Dark Angels). I love the setting, I love the lore, I love the tales of pure heroics and dark evils. The setting is my home, so a first-person game where you're a Terminator clearing a Space Hulk with all the gore and violence you'd ever want sounds like something I should love.This will be my first ever request for a refund. This game is the definition of all substance with no depth. The models are beautiful, the enviroments confusing and cramped as befits a Space Hulk. The atmosphere is dangerous and dark, and the sound design works to make you afraid of whatever is clawing around above you.But that is where my praise for this game ends. The multiplayer, which was to be the massive draw for me and my friends, is nothing but a skinned version of the alread-lacking single player. Instead, I'm left with a game which still suffers from the issues plaguing it from the Beta. Finding a server you can connect to is hard enough, never mind keeping that connection. Even playing single player the game constantly crashes. The FPS dips in and out on a whim, and the enemy AI is so stupid it's insulting. I dont know where the ""change of tactics if they are alone or in a horde"" went as promised in the trailer, but the infamously tactical Genestealers of lore are replaced with enemies that would rather throw themselves down a narrow hallway to die to your assault cannon than use the obvious flanking routes that stretch everywhere.TL;DR It's Brink but with Space Marines."
,Recommended,298900,28412433,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[TCOM] FUBAR,"so i just beat the game, guess ill put in my two cents. Anyone with less than 6 hours of gameplay on this game, take their opinions with a grain of salt. The gameplay improves immensenly over time, and if your only experience with the game was attempting an MP match with your friends on release day, your opinion is irrelevant when it comes to gameplay.overall i do recommend this game, especially for fans of the W40K lore, it has a much better ""gothic 40k' feel to it than say, eternal crusade which seems cartoony. I run it on medium settings, but even then the enviroments are beautiful, effects are great and your AI teammates actually aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and can hold their own!The game in its current state has 2 glaring problems, one is that in MP whenever the host of the game accesses his map or tries to equip any weapon unlocks, they get a fatal error and the game crashes. It's so bad that i was forced to complete the campaign solo in single player because my friends refunded the game.Another big issue is that whenever the players accesses their map and hacks a turret, 50% of the time they will come back to find their weapons have changed. This is incredibly frustating, especially if you used up all your psy gates and are stuck with those weapons until you complete the level.I expect these issues to be addressed in a patch. How they made it through Beta and a release delay, i do not know.Overall the gameplay is great, even with just your AI teammates it is challenging fighting off genestealers, for instance on chapter 8 and chapter 9 (the final 2 missions) it took me about 2 dozen tries each to complete each map. Alot of attention was paid to the lore and the enviroments and it shows in the authentic feel of each level.Replayability is low, i guess you can team up with friends and up the difficulty for a greater challenge but once you know the maps and the objectives, your not going to see anything new unless they release DLC."
,Not Recommended,298900,28386859,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jbuddy,"poor interface, gameplay"
76561198010368016,Not Recommended,298900,28394174,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MuPpy,"Sadly to say my first ever refund.Not bad at all - maybe the best 40k game we had till now, but a total technical disaster. Wait for a sale and a hope for a lot of patches/fixes."
,Not Recommended,298900,28460734,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Eiite,"This game nails atmopshere on the head, with detailed handcrafted rooms and textures down to readable purity seals. Sadly it fails to deliver on almost every other aspect.I want to love this game, but the lack of matchmaking and constantly crashing prevents me from progressing through chaptors at a reasonable pace and instead i'm forced to constantly restart and recreate games over and over.As it stands now this game just does not compete at all with Vermintide which is another depressing disapointment for the 40K fans."
76561198006607005,Not Recommended,298900,28461209,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kernowace,I expected more than I got. This is a short game at best and is you are playing it solo don't pay more than 9.99 for it as that is about all it is worth. Plays like a demo of a game you might get. Disappointed.
76561198060396508,Recommended,298900,28904042,Posted: 1 January,all,Chibz,"Still newish to the game but its been mad fun and i donno why everyone is b1tching about this game. Downfalls so far though are limited controller support aka it sucks mighty balls and matchmaking is kinda sucky because everyone hides in passworded servers, so get a couple friends to play or make some that play the game."
,Recommended,298900,30562734,Posted: 16 March,all,The0nlyJonesy,"Such awesome! Great game so far, I've played some Mp and Sp and I like both. More fun with friends but great all around. The detail of the world, the Warhammer lore in every bit. The devs were probably fans or at least did some great homework. Voice acting is top notch as well, just as I'd imagine a Spare Marine sounding like in my head when I read the books. Get this game, slay some tyranids and have fun with some friends!"
,Recommended,298900,30582030,Posted: 17 March,all,abcismasta,"Bought this game on sale, and it was totally worth it, it runs well on my computer, and I get to experience the stompy, purgy goodness that comes with being a Space Marine Terminator.It is a little short, and there are a few design decisions that are just annoying (like only getting to use the sword and axe with the basic bolter, and none of the other bolters). And there are slight balance issues with the heavy weapons, but overall I really enjoyed the game.Caveat: As of the time of this review, I have not partaken in multiplayer."
76561198007416168,Recommended,298900,30578042,Posted: 17 March,all,Silverfish McPigface,Really atmospheric and well-crafted single player.  The ship interiors really do feel like a malevolent force in the game.  I would certainly recommend giving it a go.
,Not Recommended,298900,28447080,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MattJack!,Wow. No.Wait until this game is $10 or goes through another year of development.
76561198003979800,Not Recommended,298900,28432695,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[HuN] LoNe WoLf,"i want my money back!....at first i was really excited about this, and then the dealys of the launch begins.. i was like ok, maybe we got a great game, not like the ethernal crusade. and then bam i played my first hour and i was like wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥???? nids swarming in a straight line stick together and inside each other and being wery dumb.... its like playing garrys mod at all.. the voice acting is like the actors read a sentence from a piece of paper, and repeating themselves over and over again. the menu stucks lot of time, i have to press a button 2x to make it happen, so it is a very poor developed game sadly... the only positive of the game is the enviroment, that have been designed quite well, but thats not worth the money. dont even think of buying"
76561198045909895,Recommended,298900,28434716,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,aaron7491,"I like this game and the concept it brings to the table but I has some things it needs to fix.1. Better controller support2. Damage Rebalance, especially for turrets (My opinion)3. A way to heal besides the one healer (My opinion)And probably some other things but other than this the game is fun. And will get better over time with game support and patches."
,Not Recommended,298900,28420510,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Massive Medic,"I grew up playing the old 1993 Space Hulk DOS game on and the tabletop shortly after. Space Hulk is literally my favorite sub-franchise in the WH40K setting. It was my introduction to the world and setting as a whole. I am as biased as they come when it comes to Space Hulk, and in it's current state, I cannot recomment this game. As of today (which is pretty much days after release) It's an unplayable mess of bugs, freezes, and crashes, and I've only played SINGLE PLAYER. I've heard the bugs in multiplayer are far worse...Should the devs fix the issues, I would heartily recommend it, because it's actually a boatload of fun when it works...but no. Not like this. Not till the problems have been recrified."
76561198007078250,Not Recommended,298900,28394037,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GRG Leatherface,"Pre-order to get the Lost Mace of this is just a powerfist that takes up a chunk of your screen....  The game its self is above average on initial impression. As a space hulk and dark angels player i have little mini nerdgasms every now and then. Hacking is♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats for tech marines and servo skulls not Terminator Librarians...Oh and my flamer, that has to directly hit the enemy to hurt it (regardless of how much fire actually contacts the enemy) keeps jamming...new: multiplayer networking is♥♥♥♥♥♥and theres no internal comms."
,Recommended,298900,28696849,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DivadREX,"This review will be simple&with poor grammar.Playing Space Hulk: Deathwing you will soon see game premiere is rushed (and F**K whoever did this). Visual part of the game Is done incredibly well.Gameplay is undone. You can surpass recomended and you will still get fps drops&crash.Game has been patched and works fine.Goodthings about this gamesingleplayer experiencevisual detals, ships can not be desinged betterAI doing things like: regroup, waiting for backstab, using cover, ambush.musicBadthings about this gamemultiplayer crashingweapons balanceSingleplayer bots AIno voice chatPersonal frustration#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorTerminator Armour is an incredibly durable suitGets warrior strain spit on helmet or any backstab=dedShotgun more accurate than assault cannonYou can sprintBroodlord/Scythe strain bosslike durabilityStorm bolter making ""shoe slapping"" sounds instead of something more serious."
,Not Recommended,298900,28385168,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,....,"I have to give props to the Devs where it's due. I have no idea about the War40k lore or anything about it but wow, the atmosphere is amazing and the game looks great. But due to a lot of bugs, no character progression, no customization beyond unlocking in the chapter and then pressing ""I"" in MP resulting in a fatal crash almost everytime i had a lobby hosted, it turned me way off the game.The game does great on some things, atmosphere is just perfect, enough action to not get bored ""fast"" through the chapters. I don't know if i should up or down this game at this point, it was fun while it lasted but a real disappointment in a lot of things in game.If the Devs do manage to fix all the issues then i will reconsider rebuying this game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28368777,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Arganth,What have this games rating and 40k atmosphere in common?its grimdark
76561198011103486,Not Recommended,298900,28384758,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DragonFang,"Really excited about this game but at the beginning I enter a corridor and a severed hand drops from the ceiling and its all over, lag and crash every time, simply put i cant play further then a few minutes into the game, very dissapointing"
76561198006445299,Not Recommended,298900,28384768,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ᎮᏒᎧᎷᎧ_ፚ,Painful gamplay and boring as hell.Save your money :)
76561198005678327,Recommended,298900,28424340,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ju_lung,"I realy like this game.I was looking for a good shooter and since I'm a huge 40k fanboy, I bought it.The game is great, I like stomping to narrow corridors and blast xenos to bloody bits.But I have some nitpicks:The Saving system, you cannot manually save, the game saves after accomplishing objectives, but if you explore the map, hunting for relics it is possible to die. Once I tried to gather all relics before going for the objective and naturally I died. Tough luck, I needed to start at mission start, had to gather all relics again.Another thing are your A.I.-battlebrothers, as I played beta, I know that the game shines in multiplayer, but come on, you have that nice map, you can set your own markers on that map...But you cannot use that map to order your buddies to go places and you don't need to get them along. In one mission I sacrificed them actually :DSo, why do I recomend this game?If you want to stomp through corridors and blast aliens, this is the game for you. The enviroment is awesome, just as you imagine 40k ships and architecture. The enemy tries to catch you, even if you lock all doors, the motion tracker shows them moving to yet another point of ingress.It somehow lacks that creepy feeling, that xenos can jump you at any time, but it startled me, opening a door and being face to face with a stalker :D"
76561197978544815,Not Recommended,298900,28496017,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gravymonkey13,"Still waiting for the update.  Had such a bad experience to start, that my friends and I are just waiting for the first set of fixes to come in before even giving it another shot.  For the time being I can't recommend it.The single player is boring, the multiplayer is great fun with 3 friends, when it works... which is a big deal.  We could connect twice and each time we ended up DCing from the host because he opened an inventory screen and crashed out.  After that the  host was not allowed to check their inventory (super fun!) sadly we were never able to reconnect to another Mplayer game so we gave it up.After they optimize it and make the multiplayer workable... maybe its worth playing.  In the brief hour or so we got to play we had a blast.  The headaches outweight the fun atm though."
,Not Recommended,298900,29570027,Posted: 29 January,all,Gammo,"In general I enjoy most games that have the warhammer 40k or fantasy setting. This game does a good job at capturing the looks and feel of the 40k universe, but that is all it has.TL;DRIn terms of gameplay it lacks too much to be worth it. It looks nice, has a good story and the levels have been made with care. But the game itself gives no motivation to play multiplayer. And the AI in singeplayer forces you to play it like you are all alone.SingeplayerAgain, the lore and story for the campaign are detailed and interesting. I haven't completed it yet so I can't say how the story overal is.Your AI buddies however are stupid. I gave up on keeping them alive for the most part. They lack long range combat (they don't engage targets unless they are within a certain range, resulting in hordes swarming us), they go full retard mode when enemies get too close and they don't have a melee weapons as a primary.When you have to fight in a narrow corridor the ai does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥and you can't help them if they are attacked because it't too narrow. Gameplay wise these corridors aren't a problem. It's just that this is the place where you will most likely lose your team due to them being unable to fight properly.MultiplayerThe levels you gain in multiplayer are reset everytime you play. At first  me and my friends thaught this was an issue due to us crashing before we could reach the end of a chapter. We found out the hard way that this is part of the game. The crashes are also a frequent thing in my experience.Because your level resets you can't keep the gear you unlocked. From what I found online this is to keep a goal in multiplayer. Meaning they don't have a means that shows your progression in the game. Your time and effort are thrown away as soon as you're done with the chapter or leave the game to do something else.For me there is no real reason to play multiplayer until they create a system for multiplayer that rewards you by working together to complete the mission and gives you gear upgrades that help you with higher difficulties."
76561198034472979,Not Recommended,298900,28496300,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JadeRuby,"(Space Hulk: Deathwing)I can't recommend this game in it's current state. To re-iterate most of the reviews here, the theme/setting/atmosphere is great. great however, The growing list technical problems.- Acual optimization- Co-op/Multiplayer connectivity that works- more weapons- Reblance weapons as they are too weak or broken- Fix Psi powers- armor is too weak- AI is full of bugs/slowis this worth the dosh?No its just not worth the dosh or the timeBack to killing foor 2 :D"
,Not Recommended,298900,28489426,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mobius1,Performance issues unchanged since beta.
,Not Recommended,298900,28493912,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,loneseraph19,"I had high hopes for this game as far as gamplay was concerned.  The visuals are stunning and the movement fluid.  I found a few bugs where my gear items were being automatically changed out and my spells reset within the singleplayer campaign, but that was more an annoyance than a serious defect.  I also had my AI continually getting stuck which caused me to back track to get them or reload my last save.  The ending left me feeling eh, as I was expecting something grandiose, but left with a 5 second cinematic.  All in all I expect this game has the ability to expand its gameplay range greatly and is a good basis for a much larger platform, perhaps something outdoor rather than space.  I don't expect too many random gamers to be picking up this game right away but for those fans of the 40k story line, this plays well into the lore.  All and all take it for what it is and not for what you think it should be right away."
76561198053201370,Not Recommended,298900,28494774,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,S K W R L,"The major issue I have with the game is that theres a bug that makes it so you can't do anything but move. It's absolutely infuriating for me cause it tends to happen when combat picks up. Then theres the crashes and the disconnects.  I can live with the frame dips, but if they can fix the other problems then this would be an alright game. So yeah, get if you spot it on sale and have some friends to play with cause the core gameplay is alright for about 20 bucks. However, full price and in this state isn't a good deal."
,Not Recommended,298900,28497375,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Admiral Hentai Siscon,"In the grim darkness of the far future, there are only fatal errors."
76561197967640894,Not Recommended,298900,29528220,Posted: 27 January,all,Lupinwolf,"This game is Peer 2 Peer,There is no Deicated Servers and from what i have noticed if u dont have any friends playing this game then don't bother buying it as there is next to no servers up and running that dont have a password.Today i found 1 server that didnt have one. which to me proves that this game isnt worth the money or Pre order for that fact.this is the 2nd pre-order i have been burned on and if they don't bring out Deicated servers its going to be a gamble on wiether u find a Stable game that doesn't kick u off after 10min.This game had so much going for it but once again multi player has let it down,"
76561198006617124,Recommended,298900,33697974,Posted: 21 July,all,Jaswolf,"Awesome!Remember Aliens the second movie,that scene when the marines are swarmed by the aliens  and everything goes FUBAR ?That's the same thing but in the WH40K universe and in a terminator power armor with a bolter and psy powers to help you purge the xenos !Pure frenetic action and deep, dark atmosphere."
,Recommended,298900,29925722,Posted: 14 February,all,Stryker,"TLDR; Game sucked on release, new patch fixes alot of problems the game had and may be worth a buy. Changing my review to recommended. Had a 80% helpful before changes.Updated Review: Ok, so below in parentheses is is my old review. I was very harsh, and with good reason. The release of this game was a nightmare, but the recent, and much needed and long overdue patch has changed my mind on some things. So, I'll do a brief update. I got a chance to play for about 2 hours. I know the developers probably worked hard on this title and were pushed by the publishers to release it far earlier then it was supposed to be.1. At the new price of $26.75, and with the newest patch as of March 9th 2017, I'm going to say that this game is worth a buy. The visuals are just beautiful, the new level designs really add to the already beautifully grim atmosphere. Though it took awhile, the devs finally may have a game worth talking about and worth buying. The thing I'm afraid of is, that it may be too late. Hopefully not!2. Much faster loading times. Not to mention the game feels much smoother. It's been optimized it seems to take advantage of those of us who have faster, stronger GPU's and stronger rigs. The gameplay, menus, AI aren't as clunky as they were in the past. I didn't notice any of the Tyranids getting stuck anymore in walls or textures, they seem to move fluidly and the devs seem to have worked on the enemy AI, alot more multi pronged attacks that make you as a Terminator move around more.3. *Con* Sadly, during my playtime, and this was around 7 or 8 est time, there was only one multiplayer game I could join. The stigmata from release seems to have still kept the community at a stand still. Though I did get into the game quick and I didn't spend forever waiting for others to join, I was able to get into said game quickly and begin playing. Hopefully the patch will breath new life into the game.4. NEW WEAPONS IN MULTIPLAYER! One of my biggest gripes were the Heavy Flamer and the grenade launcher being left out of MP. Now that they are added, it has really added to multiplayer. It felt so satisfying to fry Tyranids with the heavy flamer (This thing has some range on it too!) or lob grenades down a hallway full of Nids. They are quite powerful too, but not overly powerful. Reload times combined with weapon jams every so often soften the punch and make it exciting. (The weapon jams aren't nearly as bad as they were on launch.)5. Can't comment on Single Player, haven't tried it yet. I can imagine that it's gotten some overhaul though with the new map designs, but I really can't comment on it as a whole. I may edit once I play some more.When all is said and done, and the few hours that I went back into this game, I would of been alot happier has it been released as it is now, and my review wouldn't of been as harsh. I even went as far to say that it was not worth it to buy it, under any circumstances. I'm tired of publishers releasing half finished games to us and it reflected in my past review. I was quite angry, just hope the new fixes and the future of this game isn't in the toilet because of the released mess it was.(( Old Review: Feb 14th, 2017 - Man was I so excited for this title; the trailer and all the talk about it got me really amped up. I even bought a new computer cause I knew the specs were pretty high. (The game runs smoothly on my computer) I bought the game jumped into the single player; and boy was I played for a fool again. This title is everything wrong with the gaming industry.I've been waiting for them to patch this game since it was released to fix the bugs; hoping that I would get the experience I was hoping for, and the developers have ignored us and it's been two months now with no fixes and no communication, so I'm going to rip this game apart in my review.1. Clunky AI and gameplay; nothing about this game is fun. You plod around as a Terminator and shoot Tyranids. That's it. It's a walking/shooting simulator, even the mission objectives are as simple as walking across the ship, shooting some Tyranids and then walking to the next ""objective"". The AI is one dimensional and half the time they get stuck along walls or just stand there. Not to mention you can't even look up and down all the way. The tyranids models look terrible, especially when they are moving. They look nothing like what they do in the trailers. I thought I was fighting Davey Jones from Pirates of the Carribean.2. Multiplayer is a joke. Bugs galore; from not being able to see mission objectives unless you are the host to levels being reset after every mission. As you level up in single missions, if you choose to switch to a new weapon you've unlocked, all your skills go on cooldown. I'm playing against AI, why would the developers implement cooldowns for switching weapons? You pretty much have to play with codex rules which unlocks all the weapons and skills. So the leveling system is useless. BUT NOONE PLAYS WITH CODEX RULES for some reason.3. The community is now dead. Even during peak hours there are hardly any players or servers up. If there are servers up, they are passworded. Wanna be a host? Well, get ready to be waiting for a long time for other players to join, cause doing later missions in multiplayer alone is near impossible and boring.4. Most of the weapons feel underpowered, as well as the skills. Especially the librarian. None of his single target psyker abilities kill anything, they damage at best. Takes a full storm bolter clip to kill Tyranids in later levels, the Autocannon is USELESS at long distances. You have to walk up to something to kill it. The plasma weapons suffer from ""gun jammed"" more then they actually discharge, which I find is a ridiculous addition to the game. Really, gun jammed? I know they were trying to stick to the ""lore"", but they threw lore out the window when they made tyranid hybrids with autoguns actually hurt Terminators. The only weapon that does devastating damage is the Storm Shield and Mace of Absolution class, and if you are in an open area, you become useless. They don't even have the weapons they had in the trailer included in the game at the moment!5. Even the single player is a mess. The other 2 Terminators that you command are often getting in your line of fire, they require you to tell them to do everything, the healer won't heal you unless you command him, and you only get a certain amount of ""med packs"" during a mission. I couldn't even complete the single player because I was bored out of my mind. There is nothing redeeming or satisfying about completing this game. Even the storyline feels stale and convuluded. I wasn't interested at all by it, and I'm a uge WH40k fan.6. Enemy AI is predictable and well, non-existant. I remember one of the devs saying how the AI was going to be intelligent and challenging. They just run in a straight line at you, or they'll come behind you from certain areas that are designated ""spawn points"". You close doors and lock them behind you to prevent being hit from behind, and the Tyranids just run in straight lines at you. That's it. Nothing creepy or intelligent about it.The only thing they got right about this game was the visuals of the space hulk, the artists and map designers of this game should be applauded for the visuals. They should really seek out another company to work for. Sadly, this game is just another cash grab with the developers probably being rushed to finish the game and being forced to release this pathetic excuse for a ""game"" far earlier then it was supposed to be. ))"
76561198059843215,Not Recommended,298900,28381323,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BigBell,"I am incredibly disappointed. The game is NOT ready for release and is littered with issues. From optimization and performance, to in game bugs. The game barely works. Managed to get it to work, and the games so full of bugs that I can't bear to play it. I strongly recommend reading through the forums first. The forums are full of threads about issues with the game. And nearly every issue was present in the closed beta, as well as the open beta, and have not been correctred. This is also, after the release date being pushed back several times. Why was the date pushed back??? Nothing was improved. I have seen zero improvement since the closed beta I took part of.I know many of you are questioning the quality of my PC, and its not the issue. I have a very good PC. The game is not ready for release, and the game will suffer immensely. Again, refer to the forums. This is not a biased opinion from someone with a junk PC. This is from me, with a very good PC, as well as an entire community of people.PROSBeautiful.Handles decent when it works.CONSThe game has all sorts of performance issues. To fix, I went into task manager, and set the games priority to high. Made a big difference. But then the game is full of bugs, so playing still wasn't enjoyable. As a host you can't enter your loadout screen, or you risk the game crashing.  Sometimes you randomly lose the ability to shoot, aim or reload. Fix? Enter loadout screen, which if you're host, bye bye game. The loading screens take up to two minutes to load. The refreshing of servers doesn't refresh properly. There's no in game voice chat?????? I could keep going, but I am going to go refund my purchase.This is the most disappointed I have been in anything in a long time. Heart broken in a way...FAIL."
76561198070144362,Recommended,298900,28383148,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BazookaTooth,I don't quite get all the hate for this game. It's run pretty well so far on my rapidly aging 680 with most graphical options set at medium are a bit higher. I've enjoyed it so far and plan on spending a ton more time playing.
,Recommended,298900,28383283,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Corpse_O_Clock,"I'm kind of torn.  I've been following the development of this game for a while now, anxiously awaiting the release, preordered it and all.  I love me some 40k.  The Dawn of War games are some of my all time favorites, I play table top, I read the books.  Ashamed I have never played the Space Hulk board game, but I guess seeing as how I run Chaos Marines and Tau, I can overlook that 80 Dollar hit.  But I digress, back to the review.I think this game is absolutely gorgeous.  The devs did a fantastic job of capturing the 40k universe and rendering it beautifully for us to partake.  They listened to their customers, they responded to feedback and adjusted fire to present you with a fairly flawless launch (including the pushing back the launch date 6 days, brilliant if you ask me, in order to make some final tweaks).  That's just not something you get very often from the bigger name devs.  So hats off to Streum On Studio and Cyanide for making something awesome.  Terminators are badass mother ♥♥♥♥ers, and you get to lay down some serious firepower and mow through halways filled with genestealers.My rig had no issues playing this game maxed out.  I had no issues with FPS drops and/or artifacting.  During my gameplay I experienced no bugs or glitches that stood out to me in a ""hey you"" manner.  Again, a beautifully executed graphical feast for your eye holes.The bad.  I don't even really think it's the game's fault.  But it's boring to me and not entirely what I had pictured in my mind, even after watching numerous gameplay footages and reading up on it.  I don't really think the AI is all that impressive.  ""Oh, you locked a door, let me find the next open path and jump out at you there"".  That kind of unimpressive.  The besiary in the game says that genestealers are incredibly smart, but you never really get that sense during game play, they don't ""ambush"" you or necessarily even try to flank you, to me, it always seemed like it was the most direct approach, one after one out of the hole, just stand there and mow them down, hit em with psychic powers, rinse and repeat.  The missions are kind of single track, easy to navigate without getting turned around.  Relics are pretty easy to stumble across, they're in obvious, yet out of sight places.Sure, I've only played about 2 hours, to be honest, I'm not going to play any more as of right now, I'm going to give it a few days to mull over, decide whether or not to grind on in hopes that somewhere down the line I'll be captivated by something other than pretty graphics, or to ask Steam for a refund.  I just don't have the motivation right now to grind on, likely I'll spend this weekend watching more gameplay videos on youtube to get a fell for it and make my decision aftet that.Do I recommend this game.  If you're a Warhammer 40k fan, if you love beautifully designed games and love squashing genestealers non-stop as a termy, than yeah, give it a go, what have you got to lose?"
,Recommended,298900,28397899,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[IG] tictack22,"""Do you guys smells Heresy? Oh wait, that's us.""~Dark Angels"
,Recommended,298900,28399100,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,"Great game, as many have stated it's like Vermintide but with an ""Aliens"" feel.I have no issues and am at a constant frame-rate of 60FPS until the hordes come and then it drops to about 45-54FPS. GPU is running at only 45% and a cool 65* with all settings at maximum. My load times are fast but I did put it on an SSD.Specs:Windows 10 64 bitIntel i7 6700k 4.00GHz32GB RAMNvidia GTX 980Ti"
,Recommended,298900,28399763,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,wolf_fang (NSDQ),"Brilliant game, can't fault it, unlike others i'm not suffering performance issues and maintain 50-60 fps on ultra with fx8350 and GTX960, my only gripes are occasionally crashing generally on entering invenetory, however the game is only just released so you can't expect the game to be perfect,rather then giving the game a bad review,  i believe that if people would take the time to let the game makers know of the faults with the game they could then sort the issues and the game would be better,please dev's fix this crashing so that i may Slaughter many many genestealers"
76561198072403861,Recommended,298900,28402186,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,timokujansuu,"It's pretty decent! I haven't experienced any crashes, game breaking bugs or bad fps, ran with medium graphics options.+Great artwork, very pretty+Great atmosphere, the levels look and feel great+The combat is generally satisfying and there are plenty of weapons to choose from+Squadmates aren't useless and actually get work done-The design of some of the UI elements feels cheap and generic-Small bugs, nothing gamebreaking but annoying neverthless-Overall, has the impression of being somewhat rushed to meet deadlinesOverall, I'd give it an 7.5 out of 10 based on singleplayer campaign."
,Recommended,298900,28383168,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zidane-motherfucking-Tribal,"I'm going to preface this and say I also played the Beta for a while.This isn't the EC-killer we were hoping for. The game is fun enough, but it's repetitive - go here (slowly), kill Tyranids, activate a thing, go to the next area (slowly), and repeat. I have yet to try co-op, and I feel with friends, in Skype or Discord, it could be a lot of fun, but as it is, it's a bit underwhelming.That being said, it's not BAD. It is definitely resource-intensive though, getting down to about 25FPS on a laptop with a 970M (yeah, I know, I know, a laptop), but sailed fine at around 45FPS+ on areas that weren't overrun with Tyranids. I'll withhold judgement on how it runs on better systems until I get around to popping a 1060 into my desktop.tl;dr, fun game, slightly repetitive, hopefully updates add more content."
76561197967326866,Not Recommended,298900,28381162,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,carn1fex_,Had it and refunded it. for no reason my guns would not work. randomly drop from games.  tried to play 8 multiplayer games and played 2 full games. the others failed from prior reasons listed above.  The multiplayer lobby needs a lot of work basic things are missing from it. WAIT TILL IT GETS PATCHED
76561197978647907,Recommended,298900,28383242,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,eb3,This game is so awesome. Details are amazing.Hash out the bugs and we'll be good.What I need is...1. Turn off Subtitles option.2. Skip Cutscenes.3. That's about it.
,Recommended,298900,28386447,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Taserface,"It may not have perfectly nailed gameplay (but let's be honest how many games do?), so take it with a grain of salt. The environments are amazing (I'm personally up to the Dark Templar ship and wow it's glorious), the constant creaking and groaning of the game world (with the occasional claw scratching on metal) keep you on edge. For the price they're asking for, I think it's a well made game, and if the dev's continue to update and bug fix, it could be a good mainstay.Good things - Plenty of Xenos to purge, weapon choice, single player/coop, relatively intelligent squad AI (they'll move out of the way if you're going towards them), AI Terminators have no collision with you as well, so you can freely walk through them.Bad things - A few bugs here and there, weapon choice resets, certain weapon combinations aren't available (redemption + force sword for example), quick action wheel is iffy, need to be adjusted for larger mouse movements.-- The Innocent Are Guilty of Wasting My Time --"
76561197991350486,Recommended,298900,28397847,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dargorath,"Let's start out with how much I love this game. It is amazing graphically, and in 4 player, pretty super fun to play. Unless, of course one of two things happen:1. You get kicked to desktop during gameplay. Particularly painful when you are hosting a whole team of players, and even though you've all found your groove, the host crashes - sending everyone packing no matter how much progression has been made.2. You instantly lose the ability to attack or defend, including special skills - things such as heal and revive. In an instant your toon is reduced to a bag of flesh capable of absorbing enough damage to die while you watch your team get reduced to rubble because you couldn't do your part in the encounter.I've lowered settings to what I know is below my system capability and still experience crashes. Sometimes I even have to reboot. As an aside, the single player portion of the game is crash free from what I can tell, however, I didn't but this game to play alone. For that, I have several HTC Vive games to occupy said time.I'm going to reluctantly recommend this game with great hopes that the crashing and inablity to attack/defend randomly gets addressed and corrected. If that goes unchecked, save your money and buy a VR system that supports room-scale."
76561198036383919,Recommended,298900,28398138,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DreamKill3r,"I really like the gameplay and atmosphere this game brings, but please fix the servers! Each time I enter a multiplayer match I get disconnected during the match or I get disconnected before even entering the lobby. Please, please fix this!"
76561198039415998,Recommended,298900,28398236,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,miksard,"Great and fun game for any Warhammer fan!  No major problems with the game, although I am not a big gamer."
,Recommended,298900,28399209,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Diamond Joe Biden,"This game certainly still needs some polish, but the basic gameplay is satisfying, and you feel weighty and powerful in terminator armor. Upvoting to counteract all the negative reviews, as I think this game deserves a 7/10 in current state."
76561197968370288,Recommended,298900,28399262,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KrazyKraut,"Seems like quite some variety of reviews out there.I first played space hulk more than 20 years ago - and the setting of terminators vs. genestealers always kept my imagination. The game captures this feeling well - the feeling of heaviness, the inability to 'jump' or even climb ladders, the slow, hulking movements, and the awesome firepower of an assault cannon. The game is probably not the best shooter out there, but it has athmosphere. I enjoy exploring the space hulk, lingering to admire the occasional room, wondering what mystery purpose it may have served on this desolate ship. My fellow terminators covering my back, while I slowly trot forwards. The panic as my assault cannon jams in the face of a horde of charging genestealers. The satisfaction of placing my squad in a perfect kill corridor. Long and short, don't buy the game for a shooter - buy it for the athmosphere. The team has done an amazing job at bringing this athmosphere to life. If you are looking for just another shooter to fill your library, you should probably look elsewhere."
76561198006264561,Recommended,298900,28399772,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Reaper,"First off some honesty.....Pros+Excellent graphics+Excellent weapons availability+Excellent warhammer 40k themes+Excellent AI+Excellent story line+Great to have a coop functionCons+The game's main story is not tied into coop mode meaning no relics, no immersive story ect+Coop still has some bugs however it is still playable and enjoyable but be warned there may be some unexpected consequences+The weapons available on campaign are not available on coop including the most revered heavy flamer and hellfire assault cannon.If you can handle the heretical bugs the game is quite pleasant to play with and the story quite driving especially with tying into Dark Angel lore (devs thank you for hiring gav thorpe).Given some time I feel that this will be a great game and remember future DLCs can bring more, support the devs and pass on the word Space hulk: Deathwing is here to stay!"
76561198010432233,Recommended,298900,28399794,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jamex,The emperor protects...
,Recommended,298900,28399992,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Astillius,"Extremely good game thus far. if you like Left 4 Dead 1/2. Vermintide and other such wave based games, you'll love this one.Have not seen any performance issues. running on a 980 Ti graphics card, at 1440p resolution, high settings and AA on 1. getting consistent 60+ FPS.no issues seen thus far.and for those claiming it has no flamer, please see:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819124096pretty sure that's a flamer."
,Recommended,298900,28400051,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bullet Ferret,"Enjoy it no problems, easy to get lost in the violence during the heat of combat."
76561197972446573,Recommended,298900,28457582,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Azrell,All it really needs is a loot system like Vermintide. I think it was build more around being a single player game. Still fun and still awesome if you like space hulk. Very well done gfx.If you like space hulk get it. If you dont know anything about 40k or space hulk it might not be the game for you.
,Recommended,298900,28386395,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RecluseGamer,"Purge Xenos, it is the Emperor's will."
76561198034769908,Recommended,298900,28513666,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lance the Autobot,The game is steeped in warhammer 40k lore and atmosphere and the eye for detail is stunning and above all that even though u are coverd in advanced terminator armor have infinite ammo and can littiraly shoot lightning from your finger tips u can still feel lost and ovherwhelmed by the vast hordes of genestealers if u have anny love for the warhammer 40k universe this game is a must have
76561197981762359,Not Recommended,298900,28455558,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Warthain,"first and foremost i played both the MP and the SP while i think the game has some good points i think the bad far outweights the good in it...in its favor we get:-Good Graphics-Fidelity to the Warhammer universe and its lore-Somewhat enjoyable SP-Good Co-op gamenow the bad points and this is a big list:-Terrible AI in single player-Terrible selection of Weapons to your AI buddies, making you use the only build i thought viable Force hammer / Bolter and Psycher abilities ... honestly we get 10-15 weapons i found none more usefull than the bolter...-Lack of character/weapon customization, everyone looks the same all the time deal with it-Bad Story-Bad Weapon Balance-We get only 7 maps in SP and revisit 2 in later chapters-Same few maps in MP-No dynamic spawns for mobs everything feels scripted-Hacking mechanic could at least put in the option of making the turrets ally with ourselves felt poor just because it lacked that puny feature-Massive performance dips for no good reason.. i have good pc i7-6700k, 32gb ra, GTX980ti, ssd and bla bla bla... this game just likes to go down in fps in some maps and has small freezes once in a while...These are just a few of the many points i can remember ... honestly this game is disappointing, for all the hype surrounding it i expected a far more complete game with far more features.I know Warhammer fanboys can eat every piece of ♥♥♥♥ game developers throw at them just because its got warhammer in its title and they will be happy, but im not a fanboy and while i like the warhammer universe and own many warhammer titles, i like to see games for what they are, and this game is at most a 5 out 10, and i am being nice, i was going to give it a 3 or 4 because the game just feels so unfinished and rushed out the door because they wanted to hit their release deadline...So final verdict 5/10 and pushing it already..."
76561198021518442,Not Recommended,298900,28394913,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lemurderface,"This game took over a week of ""polishing"" and is still poorly optimized. Constant bugs / last gen graphics make this game your worse nightmare. I had hopes of a great coop experience and couldn't even make it through one multiplayer level without immediately deleting and asking for a refund.Steer clear of this one for now...who knows maybe with another couple rounds of bug squashing it might just be playable to some extent but with no character progression it may not be worth your time."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395073,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,^Pirate ^Sam,"I really, really wanted to enjoy this game (and to some degree I still do) but Space Hulk: Deathwing was a rushed project. The release is hardly a perfect product. The developers should have waited 2-3 months before releasing this.The main reason why I wouldn't recommend is that there are too many crashes, too many bugs, and poor optimization. In due time all of these will be fixed, I hope. But when there's still the game breaking bug of not being able to sprint, shoot, or use abilities and I have to type (since there's no VOIP in a coop game) ""use the nearest door to fix the bug"" there's no way I can recommend. You end up needing to apply some sacred unguents to you computer and praise the Omnissiah for you to not crash so you can complete a chapter. With chapters being 30-40 minutes long it's leans on the difficult side of completing a chapter without crashing.It's a shame. I wanted this game to do well. Developers need to take a hint: don't rush success. If you're trying to meet a deadline and cutting corners, you shouldn't have been assigned the project."
,Recommended,298900,28403600,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AzraelX06,"Good gameplay even if a little repetitive, amazing atmosphere and decent story.Coop is hit and miss (really need to have four players or you get rekt) and FPS hits when getting swarmed.I really think they nailed the atmosphere, it feels grimdark and there are some tense moments and luls in the storm.Game is plagued lots of other salty reviews by people who can't kill tyranids and can't figure out how to give their HW AI lightning claws so he can shrekt Genestealers.TL;DR, I think the game is good especially considering the low price, solid 7/10 and much better than the rotten turds the majority of big name studios have pumped out this year."
,Recommended,298900,28513667,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,H.Lupercal87,"Spacehulk Deathwing looks fantastic from the start, with beautiful stone monuments and enormous rooms on each ship. Gameplay is solid, with many different weapon types to enjoy. Melee is a bit clunky but once you get the hang of it can be really fun, particularly with a storm shield combo.The campaign is interesting, with a decent story to it, however it is a bit short.Multiplayer is fun too but limited. You basically play story missions with 3 other players, there are no other game modes and weapons are limited; some weapons are not even available e.g. flamer. Hopefully this is fixed in a patch for free and not through a paid DLC.Overall then a stunning game visually with the typical alien shooter gameplay, which is fun but repetetive. Would recommend to 40k fans but as a newcomer to the Warhammer universe maybe wait until the game has a bit more going for it."
,Recommended,298900,28399342,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mr. Smiley,"Edit: Game just keeps getting better with every update. Absolutely a great fun to play.Skip to bottom for scores if you don't want to read.It's exactly what it states it is. The game is the Space Hulk table top game turned into an FPS shooter, without the turnbased rolls and what not. Personally. I am enjoying myself thoroughly. I'm not having an frame issues, minus a few lag spikes in random areas during the chapters.I expected a large arsenal and I got a particularly large Space Marine arsenal.I'm not fond of one thing so far, I might add more the further I get into the game. The thing I'm not so fond of is when playing co-op, the leveling mechanic is only based on a per-level design. As in you lose all progress once the current map you are playing on ends, and have to regain the levels all over again, while there is only a small amount of leveling involved before the whole arsenal for one character is unlocked, it doesn't bother me too much.I was hoping for a much larger online leveling mechanic where we could unlock the huge arsenal for the single character we play, as well as customize their armour, and might as well take it a step further and let us customize the paint job.OR a possibly better idea, let us play as a Deathwatch killsquad in the multiplayer with customizable armour look without the paintjob, except for the right shoulder pad since that would be for the chapter our character would be from. Just ideas. I would have prefered to see that to make multiplayer a bit more appealing.But don't get me wrong, it is fun, especially if you're looking for a Space Hulk game in first person. I would recommend the game with what it has to offer, as I am not particularly disappointed as much as I am let down by minor things.Verdict:10/10 for the look and feel. It feels like I am a Terminator in the 40k universe and it looks amazing. The tyranids are quite menacing. The design of the ship is beautiful.8/10 for the music and sound. I enjoy it, but I was hoping for some metal tracks for when the fighting gets toughest and thickest. The sound of the weapons is quite great and spot on.9/10 for the gameplay aspect. The gameplay feels heavy in a good way. The Tyranids definitely swarm, but they can also lead the player into an ambush, at least that is what it seemed like a few times I ran through the corridors of the space hulks. The scenery isn't just for show sometimes. Pipes can be shot to spit out flames. Giant bells can be shot and will make a dinging noise. Walls and doors can be broken to make pathways. I wasn't a fan of it being a bit simplified, and I don't really like the command wheel or the way I have to bring up the map to do hacking of some things.7/10 for the multiplayer aspect. It crashes sometimes for other players. I haven't crashed yet personally, but I've been in a few maps where the leader crashed and the group was kicked out of and I had to start over. Gets a little annoying, not sure if it's the games fault or the people playing don't have a good system. IT would be nice to implement a thing when the leader of the party crashes the game pauses and the connection transfers to the next person in line so people can keep playing. Leveling system is a bit lame as explained before."
76561198022830775,Recommended,298900,28398351,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,toddro84,Fun game.  Done a few matches with 3 players.  Play on hardest difficulity or one below it.  Needs a patch bad.  Host cannot upgrade atm which really sucks.  Some other things need some tweaking but I would recommend the game.
76561198237653054,Recommended,298900,35048502,Posted: 18 September,all,Infntrysoldr,"I recommend this game to 40k fans only.  I feel like if I wasnt into 40k,  i might not have enjoyed the game as much.  That said,  I didn't LOVE the game but stomping around a space hulk as a dark angels librarian in tactical dreadnought armor is pretty cool.  Using the weaponry all us 40k fans know and love from a first person perspective was also fun.  As others have said,  the graphics are quite good and the game really nails the space hulk setting.The devs have done a lot to improve the game since launch although i still experience slowdown when theres a lot of tyranids on the screen (which is often).  If you love 40k and want a decent first person shooter,  I say go for it!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28467108,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DobsonatorX,this game is incredibly buggy and has bad support for game controllers. (aiming becomes slower and slower)you are unable to adjust controller settings as the box is greyed out.strugglying to get a steady 60fps and above on a gtx 1080 at 1080p resolution.this game still need alot of work doing to it before i will even begin to play this.
76561198074788581,Not Recommended,298900,28696685,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,commando219,"Okay, I just finished it and I can say now that this game is not worth your time. I gave it several chances to be patched and fixed and it's still a broken mess. Even after I beat the game, it froze. 9 insultingly repetitive and frustrating missions culminating in a playthrough that will take you all of 5 hours to complete is not worth the $40 they're asking for. Don't waste your time with this one. MASSIVELY DISAPPOINTED."
76561198058754537,Recommended,298900,34941339,Posted: 13 September,all,Lord of Ruin,Overall a very entertaining title to play. Did'nt expect much going in but was pleasantly suprised by a thematic and thoughtfully developed game. Found the format and gameplay to be somewhat similar to Left 4 Dead series (a good thing in my books).Would recommend to fans of the Warhammer 40000 franchise as well as newcomers who wanna just kill some filthy Genestealers.
76561197964212260,Recommended,298900,28610460,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,|2usty,"The long and the short of it, is that in this state, the game is pretty broken for a release title.Not for everyone, as there are always the lucky few who have no problems at all and feel the need to tell everyone else that they are entitled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for complaining about paying for a product that doesn't deliver.The game is visually stunning, the audio could use some work, the AI needs work, the GUI needs a lot of work, the game modes need work, the progression system needs work (that's more a personal opinion) and the input needs a massive rework.It's no Vermintide, because it's not meant to be Vermintide.Other than that... the game has potential for days and with a little time and effort, I'm sure it can be amazing.At the end of the day I WOULD recommend buying it BUT I wouldn't do it just yet, maybe wait for a sale or until it has been given some serious polishing."
76561198084333506,Recommended,298900,28610690,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Đoc Nekros101,its like the games Alien (90's version) and starwars republic commando mixed into one with a major graphics update
76561197990885755,Recommended,298900,30587678,Posted: 18 March,all,Mapheston,"Crashed once and on rare occassions get a little frame drop, but i got it on sale and it is more than worth it. The feel of stomping through the hulk is brilliant and alot of the guns are so fun to use. The only thing really holding it back now is the low pop multiplayer makes it hard to find a game, but if the game continues to improve this should too."
76561197971546197,Recommended,298900,28539689,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,-{Valen}-,"This one shows promise, it is playing playing better in single player, but I am still having fatal error crashes in multiplayer game play. Is fun to play, with a good mix of ranged and melee weapons to suit different styles of play."
,Recommended,298900,35164192,Posted: 23 September,all,16-bit Soldier,"i'm gonna keep it simple,more than once my fiance told me to stop yelling ""FOR THE EMPEROR!""im enjoying it so far"
76561197970469552,Not Recommended,298900,28395823,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,gryte,"My machine exceeds if not matches all Recommended Requirements, unfortunately my experience has been mostly unplayable due to issues reported back in November as perhttp://forum.spacehulk-deathwing.com/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=2709I am optimistic that future patches will allow the awesomeness within to spill forth, but I will be asking for a refund if it doesn't happen within the policy's window (2 weeks/2 hours) since I essentially pre-ordered a game touting requirements I surpass and yet cannot play."
,Not Recommended,298900,28413449,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ShinraCorp,"Cannot recommend this game yet. The game is plagued with a few technical issues.Technical Issues include:Framerate skipping when moving (idle is fine)Dipped framerates when Tyranid spawns A LOT.Objectives not loading properly. (Placed Psygate near Tyranid nest in Chapter 2, died, load the psygate check point, cannot process anymore as objective will not update.)Clumsy AI partners (stand in front of you as you are shooting.)Multiplayer crashing (Server is host so if host crash, everyone disconnects.)Multiplayer synchronising issue.Can't even see with Melee weapons being spammed to save your life.There are reports of people having the game crash on them, I never had it crash on me yet. I really want to like this game but these technical issues aren't helping.This game can be fun, it's like Left 4 Dead but with Terminators! The enemy AI seems to be somewhat smart (on the Hard difficulty anyway.) as locking doors behind them will just let them go find another path to reach you. There is one issue that I have (gameplay wise) the turrets that are layered around the Space Hulk always want to attack you for some reason... Never the Tyranids. So the option to ""Enable/Disable"" Is useless, you're better off destroying it from a distance.Single player story is predicatable, I mean it's based off the table top game so there's no surprise on the story part.I'd say wait a bit for a few optimisation patches to be release before buying it, afterwards the game will be much enjoyable!(Also to note I have an i7-5820K with a Radeon HD 390X the framerate issues aren't hardware related.)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28413067,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,CyALuME,"The game you get is not the game they've advertised.You walk through the Halls baby sitting youre two mentally Defuct Terminators who like nothing more than to gaze into the glistening Gray of the walls while you stand there hacking away a the xenos hoping you might also get some help but no your two allies are more interested in the glistening grey wall of the space hulk instead of helping their librarian in battle.Oh and the multi player.  Each and evey time me and my friends have attempted this one if not all of us end up crashing, and when we do start to play a few minutes laterwe end up all not being able to play the game any more.  also a squad of terminators is 5 not 4 ...I've asked for my money back now.  I had high hopes for this game but after all the hype it turns out to be another lemon.  I won't be considering this game again now until the developers have addressed the bugs, the issues and the very dumb AI."
76561198004311820,Recommended,298900,34846237,Posted: 9 September,all,Testiclzz,"Best Warhammer game I've played since Vermintide. Great Graphics, runs well ripping into a hord of Xenos feels great."
76561197977760207,Recommended,298900,28453013,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Maddin,I really like it. They managed to capture the Space Hulk atmosphere very good. I have no preformance issues.
,Recommended,298900,28452904,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,-=HeLLMaKeR=-,"Looking at Space Hulk as a fan of the universe is one of the most enjoyable experiences of recent times.It oozes with atmosphere, the ships are detailed, the sounds of creeking and the dust and dirt falling off old rusted doors. You really feel like you are exploring a ship that's several thousand years old.Now add to that one of the scariest alien races the tyranids or to be precise  their genestealer branch. You can hear them skulking around ducts, climbing as they try to surprise you from behind. It is intense.Then there is the fact that ranged weapons sound heavy and impactfull and are varied. I especially love the plasma cannon. The weapons can also get jammed usually just at the right moment:).The story is quite long (people report at 15 hours), though nothing too deep for now and I am some halfway through it, but it is interesting and I am wondering as to what the whole picture is.Now even if you are not a fan, or have never heard of warhammer, this game will reel you right in, for those reasons alone.The bad is that well, your two squadmates aren't the brightest bunch, but they get the job done.  Also melee can feel like quite the opposite of ranged weapons, unimpactfull or dull.There is also some performance isuess and bugs yet to iron out, but I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561198059741511,Recommended,298900,28453515,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dr.Gnontus,"long loading screens,sometimes fps are going low, 1 or 2 sec,I don't know how I feel about the end of the story (something is missing) ,unstable multiplayer with crashes.But I love the game.This is the best immersion in wh40k, wich is priceless for me.The design is perfect, if you like wh40k universe for the atmosphere, this game is incredible. You can spend a lot of time looking at every details, at the stories the environment tells you or just be amazed by how cool it looks (the gameplay goes along with the universe, its realy good in that way)If they fix multiplayer, I have friends to play hours of the very challenging and well made levels (with friendly fire and codex rules). We are just waiting for that, as losing progress because of fatal errors is quit exhausting.Right now the game is ok, if you can't bear imperfect games, don't go for it. If you like well made atmosphere, killing aliens with heavy weaponry or just wh40k, atleast try it."
76561197972282476,Recommended,298900,34967426,Posted: 15 September,all,Gent! Deus,"Very pretty, make no mistake about that.Everything feels authentic.You feel like a terminator.Shoot like a terminator.Enemies are on point.Utlimately, Im mixed, but, will recommend it for this reason - While the gameply doesnt appeal to me, that in itself isnt a reason to vote a game down.See other reviews for more details, but it does feel a bit 'samey'."
76561198139166456,Recommended,298900,35006030,Posted: 16 September,all,SCP-001 Overseer,"If I had to sum up Space Hulk: Deathwing in one sentence, it would be thus:This is the basic framework of the greatest Warhammer 40 000 game of all time. The potential here is just astronomical, and this seriously could become an all-time epic. A first person incarnation of Space Hulk? I've dreamed of this since I first played the original more than I've dreamed of any other ""doesn't-exist-but-really-should"" game.As it is currently though, it is playable and fun. If you don't expect too much more than that, then you'll probably be sasitfied with your purchase, to an extent. If you come into this expecting a finely-polished end product, you'll be disappointed. The list of issues is a kilometer long, but I'll list the biggest ones quickly, just so you have an idea.So basically, you're a team aboard a Space Hulk, right? A huge amalgamation of many ships and other things floating in the Warp. Inside, there could be untold treasures, but there's also countless Tyranid too. You fight them, finish missions, feel like a boss in your walking-tank armour. However, weapon selection is limited, and made worse by the fact that many of them are in need of tweaking. The Storm Bolter (starting weapon) and its Mk.2 variant are both far too weak, just barely good enough to get you through the beginning missions, which is wasted potential. The Assault Cannon (huge minigun) is too weak for the mid to end game, despite being truly the most fun gun to use. The Plasma Canon is by far the most powerful weapon in the game, even though you unlock it fairly early. It has the highest killing power, never needs to reload (reloads once per shot), kills every small to medium-sized enemy in a large radius, and most importantly, stuns any large enemy, including the biggest and baddest Brood Lord (you can spam-shoot it and it can't move). Also, many weapons have far too much recoil to be fun, but the worst examples are the Vengeance minigun and the Storm Bolter Mk.2. The way I see it, all weapons should be balanced,  unique, fun to shoot with, and each good in its own way. Plus, aside from the Storm Bolter Mk.2 and Assault Cannon, the weapons are in need of new shooting sounds. Something that gives the player chills when their weapon fires. Powers could do with the same treatment, now that I think about it.Anyway, moving on from weapons, the melee animations feel way too clunky. Actually, all of melee combat needs a rework, since it feels less like smiting a filthy xeno and more like flailing about. And the xenos (Tyranid) themselves need some tweaking. Basically, they need to move slower, they need their leap attacks removed as they were oftentimes undodgeable, and there needs to be more of them per wave, and in the later game, they need to be a bit more fragile too. The objectives per mission and the maps themselves need expanding too, since they feel a bit generic.It's not all bad news though, not by a long shot. On the upside, this game is still being worked on. And it's a good thing too! As I fangirled about above, the developers have a winning recipe. It just needs polish and expansion. There are SO many good things about this game already. Visuals are fantastic, if a tad unoptimised at the moment. You'll genuinely feel like you're aboard an eerie and abandoned bit of space debris. It could use a bit more ambient sounds, such as an ever-present low rumble, creaking bulkheads, distant banging of metal, etc... Oh, and enemy and Terminator design is superbly well-done, from the model to the textures, and to the animations. Very nicely done.Basically, if you're thinking of buying this game now, heed my words above. Buy it if you want to play an unfinished but admittedly quite cool game. Do not buy if you exclusively want something like the (awesome) gifs on the game's Store page. The game might be that polished one day, and I get shivers when I think about it. Now I just wish for a first person randomly-generated Dead Space game... :'("
,Not Recommended,298900,28991727,Posted: 3 January,all,algosha3,Great concept. Flawed execution.Poor controlsBoring single player.Multiplayer has trouble with random disconnections.Really was hoping for a better game.
,Recommended,298900,28403516,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Calv,"Singleplayer: Great story, cutscenes and atmosphere. Controlling the AI companions can be ""interesting"" and having to direct the Apothecary to heal will result in yourself or others dying mid-combat, but with limited heals this is the only way to really handle it.Multiplayer: Stripped down version of the campaign, no cutscenes, minimal story and no relics. There are a lot of complaints about this, but I'm positive if the cutscenes and such were present that people would complain about having to skip them every playthough so they can't really win on this. I can't really fault the coop experience that is present, slowly backing away from hordes as they inch closer as you reload with friends is fantastic.Overall: Great atmosphere and the content that is present is fantastic. My main concern is that the game risks longevity due to the low number of missions and minimal randomisation. These concerns could easily be alleviated though so it is not enough to put me off the game.The biggest problem with the game at present is that in multiplayer it is not uncommon for yourself or the host to experience Fatal Errors causing the game to crash out. This needs to be rectified quickly and anyone wanting the game purely for the coop would be best holding off until the first patch."
,Recommended,298900,34895319,Posted: 11 September,all,BIGdaddy444u,Pretty sweet dude
76561198310312055,Recommended,298900,35310172,Posted: 29 September,all,pfmm,"My type of shooter, simple but with an element of tactical choices at a managable pace, and dripping in style and detail. It even gets better with multiplayer as a squad of live people makes up for the bots, and adds more choices of play style with the various classes and their distinct abilities.I've had no technical issues on my i5 and 2GB nvidea 970 (getting a steady 50-60 fps in combat), and only the usual issues any game has with multiplayer.It's pace and style is both it's greatest strength and it's greatest weakness. The plodding pace and horde combat can become a chore with no sense of drama. The command wheel is difficult to use properly, especially in action. The detail of the environments is too static, with such destructive weaponary you would think you could leave more of a mark on it. And finally, there is no proper chat ability in multiplayer.Definitly looking forward to the improved version and any DLC. Maybe even contested games where we play as the Hive Mind?"
76561198053489142,Recommended,298900,35243223,Posted: 27 September,all,wancra,"Quite idiotic AI and things just spawn random around you. No tactic involved, just button smashing. But Speez Mahreenz wit MOA DAKKA! BWAHAHA"
,Not Recommended,298900,28385694,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,littlebigman,I may ask for my money back. As a Beta it worked fine apart from some issues but now after so long playing it freezes and becomes unplayable. I tried MP and even when Genestealers were attacking worked great and then FREEZES. Very dissapointed.
76561198066422617,Not Recommended,298900,28403633,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Psycho,I tried to give it a chance it utterly fails in every way refunded.
76561197993716437,Not Recommended,298900,28385659,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tap,"Not finished, it would have been acceptable 10 years ago, but compared to modern games its terrible. Missing all the things you expect of a new release game. NO customization (no custom player skins, no armour painting, no custom weapons, no picking squad mates etc..) skill tree is pathetic, game lacks all presentation polish, this is basically a beta game.The graphics are really nice, and it played ok but after the first level there is no incentive to carry on playing, because of the crappy skill tree and lack of customization, every level is basically exactly the same."
,Not Recommended,298900,28380782,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gay Avocado,I would wait and see what they do with this game.Loading times are so bad it's actually something I feel that I need to mention here.Optimization hasn't improved much.Price is too high for what you are getting.
76561198061308194,Not Recommended,298900,28380804,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grizmoore,"Game Crashes when you open up the inventory....I'll go play vermintide until they sorth this s*** out. Wait to buy it until a few patches come out, and they finish the game. Delayed for polishing my ***.www.twitch.tv/grizmoore"
76561197984849298,Not Recommended,298900,28380805,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Poorly Drawn Hentai,"While this game is extremely enjoyablem I would highly recommend waiting to pick it up when it's on sale or until the issues. The current price is not worth it until performance issues such as horrid optimization and awful multiplayer stability. So far I've been unable to finish a single mission without the host crashing, and from forum responses this appears to be the norm.A shame, because this game can be really fun, and showed promise. Warhammer 40k fans will definitely enjoy the details and love put into it"
76561197965010316,Not Recommended,298900,28381138,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,the3idyankus,"I guess I'm one of the lucky ones without framerate issues (980ti) but the thing that killed the game for me was the enemy AI. At the end of chapter 1 when you fight a wave of enemies for 5 minutes, they all kept spawning in the same spot and running at me in a single file line. I sat there for 5 minutes just shooting the same line of enemies. Not even one varience in pathing or anything. The AI up until that point was pretty bad but it was that moment that I realised this game still has a long ways to go."
,Recommended,298900,28384313,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Chaplain13,"first day bugs have everyones panties in a knot. While there are some issues it is still a very solid game, looking forward to seeing them patch it up and grow it."
76561198063855041,Recommended,298900,28392520,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ColtPiecemaker,"I have not gotten to play too much of Deathwing, but I can tell you that it is far from a bad game. The biggest issue the game has currently is optimisation. I can run the game on max without issue, until the combat starts. Then I have to lower the settings significantly to get a playable fps. This is something that can and will be fixed in the future.The game has a great Space Hulk feel to it, and although there are going to be the 40k super nerds who will complain about how a statue is 3 inches out of place, the company behind this has done a great job depicting the original game in a fps style. Trust me, 34$ is easily worth it for a game that would cost 60$ and be way more buggy if made by some developers.Plus there is just something so enjoyable about purging xenos scum with a heavy flamer...For the Emperor!"
76561198008143838,Recommended,298900,28392139,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dominatus_41,"Haven't experienced any of the issues you see talked about with this game, though it must be said I have a solid rig (i7-4790 16ghz ram and geforce gtx 750). I had some frame-rate issues on max settings but these are rarely noticable on high, no more than any $80 game and any rate. I've stuck to sp so I cannot speak for mp but great atmosphere and authenticity to the 40k verse. Solid experience if you're a fan. Actually quite creepy, especially when playing on hard, and this game will punish you on that difficulty. It's a $40 game and well worth what you pay for. The devs have a solid foundation here so with time, patches and dlc I imagine it might turn into quite the little gem."
,Recommended,298900,28407919,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Scar,"I preordered this game a while back under under the recommendation of nornware of the space beast terror fright game. While I had reservations due to the flack others are making over performance issues. I am either lucky to have missed the performance issues that the beta version had, or I'm simply not seeing the problems. The graphics are beautiful, the story line is rich, and the AI is pretty good. While I am totally lacking in any Deathwing lore or back story, it doesn't take away from the fun of playing. If you run the tutorial, and pay attention to how keyboard options works and why, you can pick up on controls fairly quick. Most of the functions are logical.I see many folks saying that they are experiencing excessively long load times (like many minutes), I have not seen that. I must admit that the first time I saw a load screen, I wasn't aware that is what I was seeing, but once I realized what it was, I must say that load times seem reasonable to me. Maybe 15 to 20 seconds. If they are longer then that, then I was not aware, for they seemed as frisky as most games I play. My system is a I7-4930K , 16 Gig ram, SLI mode GTX760 GeForce video cards. Windows 10 64bit, all updates and drivers are current. Game runs like a champ.In any case, the game is a lot of fun, and I enjoy it immensely. Definitely recommend it if you enjoy first person shooters like the doom series."
,Recommended,298900,28368773,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Daddy,"This game is worth it so far to me. Don't believe the FPS problems many people are having. Tweak some settings around, man. I'm running on high using a GTX 970 without any real problems. I've got an i7 CPU at 3.4ghz. Let me tell you, graphics isn't the problem. (Mind you doing all that while livestreaming with hardly any FPS drop)The only real gripe I have with the game is the single player AI. They're absolutely abysmal and oblivious. I mean I've got clips out he♥♥♥♥♥that I'll be uploading at some point in time to show just how awful allied AI is in almost any situation. They don't turn around to fight unless you specifically tell them to stop following you, and even then, they'll often not turn to face their enemies in close quarters engagments. The allied AI's problems makes the game played at the highest difficulty an absolute drag. These terminators make Ogryns look like the finest Adeptus Mechanicus.As a tiny pet peeve, I'd really like to have the gun sounds changed to be more... meaty. I mean, the assault cannon sounds whimpier than a lasgun. I wanna barely be able to think over the sound of gunfire and tyrannids, but that's just me.This game is absolutely gorgeous, and every bit of the Space Hulk is a treat to admire and be appalled by. From gothic imperial architecture to badass terminator armor to xenos exploding into showers of gore; it's all uniquely beautiful.All in all, this game is great. Just fix the damn AI for your allied terminators."
76561198020553622,Recommended,298900,28391241,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lord Artemis Thundercock,"Without the Dark, there can be no light, We have purposeWithout the Lie, there can be no truth, We have purpose.Without the War, there can be no victory, We have purpose.Without the Death, there can be no sacrifice, We have purpose.Without the Hope there can be no future, We have purpose.Without the Loyalty there can be no one chapter, We have purpose.Without the Emperor, there is nothing,...And we would have no purpose.Right, back to purging Xenos."
,Not Recommended,298900,28368390,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Strove,"On launch this game had some minor framerate issues but some MAJOR networking issues causing people to disconnect or when joining a friend, to throw them into a random squad. Several times in my short time playing one of our squad lost the ability to do anything that wasnt move efectivly making them a vunerable spectator.Now, lets assume this is just a wobbly launch and all will be fixed in the next week. The game horrendously lacks content. There are a selection of maps but each map plays out near identically to the point where you know which way to go and where enemies will come from. The weapon loadouts are limited hugely even after leveling up in a match and the differences between classes dont feel too impactful, they mostly play the same as eachother. The perks system had huge potential for customisation but had none. All in all this seems like the kind of game with huge potential in its theme but right now at the time of writing there simply isnt enough content to justify the price point. Will consider in the future."
,Not Recommended,298900,28392440,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[TG] dk,"We purchased this as a group to co-op on. I'm not particularly interested in the single-player so perhaps this isn't the most widely applicable review, but it is absolutely unplayable in its current state. It's incredibly unpolished. There are basic things that just haven't been resolved from beta. You spend more time in loading screens than playing the game."
,Recommended,298900,28383369,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nickelob Ultra,"Is it fun?  Hell yeah.Is it true to lore?  Just about.Is it beautiful?  Sure as hell is.Are tons of other people having problems running the game?  Yup.My advice is to buy the game, get a judgment of how it runs in less than 2 hours, and if it doesn't run well / you don't enjoy it then refund it.  If you're playing it for more than 2 hours you're probably having too much fun with the game to be upset over subpar performance."
,Recommended,298900,28389836,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lowrater,"I'm not well known in the warhammer world, but it's truely interesting to explore. The darkness and the shades of black fading within the sounds of evil sourrounding you. Hammer, sword and machineguns, that's lighten up as you slice the monsters in pieaces within your skills. Truely satisfying and has a bit of 'Dead space' atmosphere in it. I'm looking forward to explore more.Due i haven't played more than an hour, i cannot say much more, than i do not experience lack of performance or any crashes so far. I've only noticed once drop down in fps when there is too many monsters at the same time. Overall great looking game, interesting and dark.Here is some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4A9mBnYn-Zs&t=610s"
76561198029300898,Not Recommended,298900,28516405,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sticky,"I'm really mixed on this game. I love 40k, and in terms of art direction they did a fantastic job with level design, atmosphere and such. The gameplay kinda fits but honestly it can very quickly switch from having fun fighting through a tough swarm to just a annoying repetive grind, the fact that you can't really clear a area, or secure it from behind you, leaves you feeling unaccomplished. Thne just sorta absurd level of waves at certain key junctions loses the fun aspect and just hits that annoying grind point. So on the design side fantastic, on the gameplat side it's a real hit or miss kinda game, frankly the menu and weird autosave points suck, I'd recommend it for the hardcore 40k fan, but not for a more general shooter fan."
,Recommended,298900,28369085,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Addest.gov,Game is goodOptimization is badIgnore the morons who can't wait for patchesSimple as that
76561197970765600,Not Recommended,298900,28813622,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pyro Fennec,"First the good parts:From an audiovisual standpoint, the game is excellent, the scenery definitely feels very 40k-ish (what other setting would have stonemasonry incorporated into starship construction?). The weapons sound sufficiently powerful, and while the genestealers are annoyingly persistent in spite of any injuries, it can be pretty impressive seeing a bolter or assault cannon rending apart hordes of xenos. There's all these little details all around just adding to the feeling of immersion. The solo campaign is pretty well put together (for the most part), giving you that wonderful experience of you and your mates against a near-endless swarm of bloodthirsty aliens.The flashlight in this game is also surprisingly not useless. You have the big glowy circle, sure, but enough of the light gets scattered around that it lights up everything in your cone of vision. It's not a big thing, but good default flashlights aren't all that common from my experience...On to the bad things, now.As far as the solo campaign goes, there are some plot threads that just feel like they're brought up because you can't have Dark Angels without bringing up the Fallen in some capacity, but they're not touched on more than is absolutely necessary because genestealers. The ending is... not very satisfying, not even a parting speech from the company master, just a brief cutscene with no narration. You also get to customise the loadout of your fellow terminators, but if you swap out your apothecary's equipment away from his default kit, you'll have to do the whole mission with no healing capacity, so... bit of a newbie trap there. Not much in the way of replay value either, unless you're hunting for achievements or relics. Not too much meat there either - there's 9 chapter in all, and really the main thing drawing out their length is hunting for the aforementioned relics.And the multiplayer... well, it's got its moments, sure, but the problems here outweigh the good parts. See, there's no permanent progression to speak of. Any XP you gain during the mission is reset for the next mission. Not even any extra purity seals to add to make your armour a little nicer. And you have to compete with your fellow terminators for kills, which tends to lead to people blocking one another's firing lines, and whoever goes in the back of the formation (because you can't all fit in the same corridor side by side) doesn't see much action outside of swarm moments. This is problematic especially for power-dependant classes, the librarian and apothecary, who need to gain an extra level to get a proper damaging power and self-healing power, respectively. You do also have a secondary mode of multiplayer that removes XP progression entirely, giving you access to all your class's kit from the start, at the cost of not being able to swap loadout during the mission itself - which makes it a less than desirable option to look for if you happen to be dropping in.All told, the game itself looks good, but it has precious little substance to it. In its current shape I'd only recommend it to the staunchest fans of Warhammer 40k and Space Hulk, or people who are looking for a meaty co-op shooter. Otherwise, hold off and see if they add any extra content or features post-launch, or wait for a price drop or discount."
76561197963263130,Not Recommended,298900,28367549,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,VVar,"Another game that was pure disappointment. It had potential, but the Devs decided to rush the launch. Couldn't play with friends on multiplayer due to constant crashing/ god awful Frame drops during fights. and no real purpose to play online with friends due to no progression on your characters. Dropped the ball on this one."
,Not Recommended,298900,28366796,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Donderwolk,online play... well just for 5 min and now only network errors..smooth gameplay.. in your dreams .. feels slow and bulkydedicate servers.. yeah you wishplus side... lan....I hope they improve the game a lot in the next week... otherwise it will be a refund for meand bargain bin pickup...
,Not Recommended,298900,28366854,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Finite,Review based on coop mode only. Not the singleplayer.Not going to waffle with opinion. To the facts!Pros:Terminator version of l4d although very basic.Seems like it would be pretty if you could have the highest graphics.Cons:Terrible optimisation. Unless you have a top of the range rig expect less than 30fps on low settings.Super long wait times as the host has to fully load the game before anyone else can begin to load.You have to guess where to go most of the time. Map objective markers just never seem to appear for non-host.No real stategy from what I can tell. Point and click adventure with some running.There is no permanent progression and the levelling up doesn't really have a purpose beyond slowing down your access to abilities. Once you complete a map you start from level one again.Tons of bugs and issues.No reason to explore or enjoy the scenery which seems like the selling point of the game.Clearly made for singleplayer not multiplayer.
76561198005670194,Not Recommended,298900,28368349,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Plasmotroid,"Almost unplayable right now, but if they manage to iron out the frequent crashes, disconnects, and FPS drops; then this would be a solid game."
76561197971970151,Not Recommended,298900,28385117,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ridler,"it could turn out to be good , but at this early stage i cant lie . its buggy crashy an even with an amazing PC there is constant FPS drops , hopefully it will get worked on but i would say save your money untill its been patched a few times"
,Recommended,298900,28368963,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Garenator,"Edit:----------------------------------------New patch adds randomized mission objectives to every mission. This is available both in multiplayer coop and in single player with bots. Really fun, the new objectives have good variety.For example, I had a random opbjective to open some valves to flood an area with fuel and then ignite it to kill a bunch of xenos. After opening the valves and going to the ignite objective, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the large area underneath the platform I was on actually erupted in flames. I was just expecting some objectives, not to actually see them affect the map in any way.Also any reviews complaining about performance are old. They improved optimization with every patch, I am able to run this game on my old laptop with a GTX 560M. Anyone saying they can't run this game is probably trying to run it on max settings on a potato rig.End Edit:----------------------------------First and foremost do not buy this game if you are looking for Vermintide 40kSpace Hulk is not trying to be vermintide, it stays very true to the boardgame. Unless you are a dedicated melee class then melee is your last resort. On the harder difficulties genestealers getting close enough to melee you generally means you're already ♥♥♥♥ed and just don't know it yet. This game requires more coordinated teamwork than VT, you need to pay attention to your minimap and fight the swarms in locations that afford you a tactical advantage.So first, what a lot of you are probably wondering: How much did they fix from the beta?Performance is significantly better, load times are improved (still a bit long IMO, but acceptable), you will still some small FPS dips when fighting huge hoards (although that's somewhat expected when you have 50+ enemies swarming you). The abysmally long wait times for the server list are gone as well, the server list now populated almost instantlyThe single player campaign is really fun. I'm only a few missions in but it's already got me hungry for more of the story. Being able to give the bots orders is a massive improvement over Vermintide IMO, they actually feel usefull and not just filler because you aren't playing with people.The maps are huge, with tons of optional coridoors and rooms to explore and lots of relics to find, it hints that some of things you find could be as old as the Horus Heresy or even the Great Crusade. There are also LOTS of relics to find, and it gives you a complete list as well so you can check on your progress:http://i.imgur.com/o9hv3TC.jpgThe maps are also dripping with 40k themes, it really feels like a Space Hulk brought to life. The banners, icons and purity seals on the walls, the dead terminators and techpriests with their guts all over the place, if there is one thing even the haters will admit this game did well, it's would be the atmosphere IMO. This game might be the best at capturing the ""feel"" of the WH 40k universe.The gore in this game is also really satisfying, limbs and bodies will be blown to pieces by your bolter rounds and abilities, and it seems to have really solid detection. You can blow off arms, legs, tails, heads. If you shoot a tyranids legs off it will crawl at you, if you blow their arms off they'll still try to charge you sans arms. Headshots will blow away their skill to reveal the brain and giant hole your bullet just put in their brain:http://i.imgur.com/adVUiLU.jpgAs I said, do not get this if you want Vermintide 40k, it requires different strategies and utilizes different mechanics. It's still super fun, once I finish the single player I'm going to start Co-Oping with friends.Also, considering just how tiny the studio that made this game is I am very impressed. They really delivered an amazing game."
,Recommended,298900,28688078,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ropie The Third,"The core gameplay and atmosphere is solid, as are the sounds and visuals. However, it is poorly optimized and buggy. I wish there was a way to have more control over the multiplayer lobby. As it is right now, 7/10. With proper support and optimizations, 8.5/10.If you're a Warhammer buff, grab this. If not, wait until patches are released."
76561198071051858,Not Recommended,298900,28547741,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Last Australian,"Was so excited about this game, but it turned out to be a let down unfortunely.  its such a grind of a game and its so slow.... the first half of the game nothing changes your better off to just keep your first weapon and you fight the same things over and over for hours, then the second half you get a better version of the first gun and you fight a stronger version of the same enermy for the rest of the game.  The thought of going though a second play though makes me feel depressed knowing nothing will change the first chapter is the same as the last one...  the only fun thing about this game is playing it with friends because we can chat on team speak about things other then this game which is more interesting"
76561197970928655,Not Recommended,298900,28919246,Posted: 1 January,all,seraphim524,"I will premise my view of this game by saying that I am fan of the Warhammer 40K universe. I bought this game not for the gameplay necessarily but for the story of the Dark Angels and the Terminator Deathwing special operatives. This game has some solid graphics along with some interesting gameplay mechanics. The artistic work that went into this game is impressive and I was heartened to see outstanding interior designs of Imperial space ships. However, I do have some gripes about this game namely the bland and repetitive gameplay and bugs. Gameplay seems appropriate at first but starts to grow in levels of irritation, as you discover that your weapons and armor are that of a toy soldier and not a death dealing special operations squad of genetically enhanced warriors of mankind. Therefore, I would not recommend this game to anyone other than the lore junkies like me."
,Not Recommended,298900,28581378,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,I am lonely send help,"Okay, I'm a massive fan of Warhammer 40k, I play the boardgame, and I own most of the video games for it. Space Hulk Deathwing knows how to set its atmosphere, and the gameplay isn't that bad. From there, the game goes south. I couldn't even get to the first objective without the game pausing for five minutes and completely stopping up my whole computer, but before I even got into the game I had to wait, and I'm not kidding I counted. Ten minutes for one of the loading screens.It's not finished, screw you guys, I'm going home."
,Recommended,298900,28454519,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Alex19961130,"Some performance issues at launch, however the story and gameply is very engaging if you're a warhammer fan"
76561198055750917,Not Recommended,298900,29299621,Posted: 16 January,all,DazzGaming,"This game need some major updates as of yesterday, it shold be updated every few days so that the community are happy but the crappy devs only seem interested in money. I am a massive warhammer40k fan and am so dissapointed in these guys for messing up a game that had so much potential (and still does if updates are applied) sadly i wouldnt reccomend this game to anyone untill its actually decent..."
,Not Recommended,298900,29310562,Posted: 16 January,all,Nyk84,Crash prone PoS.
,Not Recommended,298900,28403224,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kostings,"Please note, I can't spare time for multiplayer, so I only go for single-player campains in any game, so here my two pennies worth...The good:- The setting is amazing, It does give a genuine feeling of the 40k universe;- The time and effort the developers have invested in the models of characters, physical objects and background are almost tangible;- Ranged weapons are fun to use. Nice balance and sets of pros and cons makes you consider which one is good for the upcoming mission enviroment. The biggest one is not necessarily the best one.The bad:- Well, the 32Gb size tells you something about a modern game, doesn't it?;- ""Artificial Idiot"" stands for AI, both friendly and hostile. Genestealers climbing up the ladder in a timely manner to meet a Power Fist once up or rushing blindly right into the Heavy-flamer jet one-by-one are fun for only a first couple of minutes. Assault guy with Lightning Claws chilling behind and watching your back, while the Medic rushes forward, engaging the HTH units with a Storm Bolter and dying under turret fire, have freaked me out badly enough to write this review;- Limited melee weapon animations diversity. Abscence of critical hit animation, combos e.t.c. 3,5 Animations for Power Sword and penalty of not having a ranged weapon without any benefit, while wielding a pair of Lightning Claws are a huge disappointment. Especially for a melee-heavy game;- Repetative process of advancing the corridors, no matter how well-detailed, gets boring quickly;-  The developers claimed the game to be rich with the lore-content, bringing joy for a fan of a WH40k Universe, but placing only a handful of a single-page readable terminal entries, simply does not support it.- Arguably, the Terminator Armor, which is probably the key game feature, does not feel like one. Maybe it's just me, but you'd expect the sound of servos, heavy footsteps, minor earthquakes from making a fall, better recoil-control (on a Storm-bolter at least!), some penalties from elements, which get damaged in fights... But in fact, we are just a lumbering, petal-like falling and surprisingly fragile massive thing whose 1/3 of the FOV is occupied with wielded weapons.- Autosave-system is a nightmare;- Relic-search is just pain-in-the-neck, consuming a lot of time and unrewarding;- Price-tag similar to Dishonored 2 and Fallout 4, set some expectations, which are not even distantly met.Overall: Inter-mission text over static picture story presentation similar to Doom 2, gaming process similar to Half-Life 1, with some Warcraft III level talking heads slapped on for good, is what we get for a single-player campain. The carefully designed and gorgeous massive interiors lack content, the game-mechanics are completely overlooked. Making the content sound with level detail and the price tag will take far-far longer than the 5-day release delay. I'd bargain some extra 15-20Gb of content and 2-3 months of development will help meeting the value-for-money expectations. Until then I'd strongly recommend to not look into a game unless you wish to strongly disappoint yourself.Thanks for reading and hope this helps!"
76561197960693901,Not Recommended,298900,28399427,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,<BS> Red Rocket Dog,"I like this game. Or rather, I should say I WANT to like this game. I've been a player and a fan of various 40k games since middle school and could hardly contain my glee when Space Hulk: Deathwing was announced and the first few videos came out. This was finally going to be it. A game that did proper homage to the franchise and conveyed the sheer sense of scale and savagery that was the 41st millenia...Sadly, it turned out buggier than the Tyranid hordes you fight.Guys, bugs aside this is ALMOST a great game. But a few questionable decisions here regarding XP advancement, a total lack of customization to your arms and armor, no codex or glossary to really revel in the rich lore they managed to convey, and a lack of an AI director drops it down to an alright game. The bugs though. Emperor protect us, the bugs...When they launched the open beta it was nearly unplayable. Load times just shy of ten minutes, frame rates in the single digits, mysterious and frequent crashes to the desktop, a recurring and sudden inability to use any weapons or abilities (unless you opened a door. That would restore you to normal)... the list went on and on. The forums lit up with bug reports and players begging the dev team to delay the launch. And they did. By five days. It wasn't nearly enough time.To be fair, the load times have improved a bit. And the game doesn't crash to desktop QUITE as often as it used to. But everyone I know suffers severe frame rate and performance issues. The game won't display properly on a 4:3 aspect ratio. Opening your inventory twice crashes the game. If the host crashes, that's it, everyone crashes. You'll respawn and none of your abilities will work. Or you can still melee but your firearm is permanently jammed. Or the escape key will stop opening the menu. Or just all of your buttons stop accepting input entirely except for your movement keys, allowing you to plod along sadly as you watch your squad be ripped to shreds.I want to like this game. The architecture is amazing. The sense of scale and grandeur they convey is truly awe inspiring. The weapons feel ferocious and the slow, steady plodding CRASH of terminator footsteps is a work of genius. But right now, I just can't. We've given up. My gaming group tried three times now. We managed to complete just one mission. The rest bugged out. The one we did manage to complete bugged out too... just not in a game breaking way. We're all in agreement. We'll pick it up and try again sometime after the dev team has patched it back into some semblance of a working order. Sorry Streum On Studio. I wish you guys had waited. I wish you'd pushed back the release date and done your product justice. It would have been great. Right now though? Right now this is just plain heresy."
,Recommended,298900,28381783,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,GateShark,"The game is fun, but it needs some work still. If the devs fix the crashing and continue to patch the game I am sure it will be well thought of."
76561198019970955,Recommended,298900,28395250,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Elric,"Almost three hours into the game, I have completed the first mission and I'm about half way through the second mission.I'm a big WH40K fan, and I have to say the game captures the feeling of being a WH40K Terminator and stomping through a Space Hulk beautifully. The shooty and smashy of Xenos is satisfying, and exploring the Hulk, searching for relics, breaking through sealed doors and just blasting through everything in your path is fun and the atmosphere is fantastic. This is the most beautiful and atmospheric first person WH40K game to date, no question about it.But the game has its flaws and there is potential for improvement. The AI's of your squad mates (of which there are only 2 unfortunately) is adequate. They do a decent job of following you around and shooting at enemies, but I frequently find myself jumping in to their rescue because they are not very capable of defending themselves. If you don't step in to keep the xenos off their back, they will go down pretty quickly and easily. This means you can't really rely on them to watch your back or flanks, and you always have to keep alert on all sides for enemies.Sometimes you encounter turrets that you are able to ""hack"", ""enable"" or ""destroy"", but the exercise seems pointless. ""Hacking"" a turret makes you ""enter"" the turret and be able to control it, but the turret is much more ineffective than your Terminator, and usually there will also be no xenos spawning while you are in the turret. ""Enabling"" the turret makes it attack YOU instead of the xenos. So now I simply don't bother with them or destroy them on sight.I was hoping there would be more strategy involved, similar to the previous Space Hulk games. Things such as sealing doors, giving your terminators directions, such as providing covering fire and watching a certain direction. But there is practically nothing of that. You can seal some doors, and you can give your squad very basic commands, but this is a first person shooter first and foremost, not a strategy game. The spawning of xenos is also so unpredictable, you don't really have things like ""choke points"" to cover. And with only 2 squad mates you would run out of options pretty fast. If you buy this game expecting gameplay like Vengeance of the Blood Angels, you will be disappointed. This game is action oriented.There are some terminals you come accross, but these seem to only contain flavor text. I wish they could provide some hints on the location of relics or be useful in some other way.The AI of the xenos is fine. But, I mean, they are Tyranids, so my expectations are not very high. They do a good job of rushing you, but sometimes also duck away and to the side. I have no complaints. Only the physics can get a bit wacky. Sometimes you will have body parts of xenos flying through the air in funny ways, but it's nothing so frequent or extreme that it ever really bothered me.Finally, I haven't encountered any of the performance problems some people complain about. My game runs at a solid 60 FPS all the time, on a i7, GTX 980. But yes, I did have one crash after 2.8 hours of gaming, and that's when I started to write this review.Well, despite all the flaws I just listed and crashing out of the game, I still recommend the game? Yes. As I said, the atmosphere is fantastic and I actually can't wait to get back into the game. I hope some things will improve with subsequent patches, but for me the game is very playable and fun as it is right now. Also consider that the game costs 34€ at the moment, which is almost only half the price of full blown AAA titles. So I think it's not fair to compare the game to something like Space Marine, which was also a great game, more polished and fully featured, but cost 60€ at release. So, especially considering the fair pricing, this game gets an enthusiastic thumbs up from me."
76561198011683520,Recommended,298900,28400314,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[IVSB] Traxius Rhuul,"It's a little buggy, for some more so than others. I run it just fine and my rig isn't even all that good. There are a few kinks the devs need to work out before it's fully polished, but for the faith I've had in 40k titles over the last few months, this was a wonderful change of pace.It does the image, the feeling, the meaty recoil and the raw power of 40k weaponry so much justice. And on top of that, it's just fun. Play it with friends, and you'll have a blast.Let me break down for you what happens in a typical playthrough with my buds:At the very front, I stand, an immovable bulwark behind my crackling stormshield as rending claws and autogun rounds crash like a storm against me, as I push the advance, swings of my Mace of Absolution rendering alien filth into bloody, caustic viscera.Directly behind me, Wolfman fires his stormbolter over my shoulder, narthecium hovering ever close should the scything claws of our xenos aggressors test the limits of my shield.To my right, Malek runs his barrels hot, assault cannon thundering down range and obliterating the surging tide of xenos. He sweeps his cackling tool of wrath across the expanse of the great cathedral as we enter out into open space. The moment his gaze falls upon a target, death follows swiftly and brutally.Behind us, Ferrum covers our rear, a firestorm of plasma saturating the halls behind us with brutal, blinding nova as he seals the door behind us.There is no turning back now. Fight by the sword, or die by the horde.Also, 10/10 for faithfulness to ancient dark angels lore."
76561198258749707,Recommended,298900,28400063,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ravenguardian,True Warhammer 40kIf u love 40k universe and you are not  Console noobs who thinks that  WH is only DOW it's for you.For Lion and Caliban
76561198013310501,Recommended,298900,28452437,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,minutor34,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i love this game! it is in desperate need of a patch right now but that's beside the point. I've been a space hulk fan for a very, very long time, and this game manages to capture the atmosphere of the universeperfectly.the only qualms i have with this game are with the crashes, which constantly have me restarting the game, but I am more than willing to forgive this as the gameplay it delivers is exactly what i've wanted for as long as i can remember. Overall 9/10 because of bugs, but once they fix those it will in my mind be perfect. For the Lion!"
76561197986564754,Recommended,298900,28433012,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Afghanicus,"TL:DR The art is amazing, the atmosphere almost perfect for 40k. The crashes aren't that great. A more open level design would make this game really shine (DLC expansions) after the bugs are ironed out."
76561198000924722,Recommended,298900,28514251,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SOLVENT SOUND,"Really fun shooter, love the idea of commanding your team and having to tactically close doors and poistion  your squad.  It does need some optimization and bug fixes as does any new release. Latest update fixed a lot of issues, I recommend this for sure!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28408773,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sovn,I had great expectations of this game becoming a randomized map based objective COOP shooter must in the style of Left4Dead and games like it.Instead I got 6-15 minute loading screens and teleport hacks due to freezing that punted me in the next room over.
,Recommended,298900,32398102,Posted: 13 June,all,nixin,"If you are a fan of Warhammer you will be a fan of this game.  The detail is insanely good, it is a an action shooter but it is not intended to be played fast at all.  You need to be methodical and cooperative or you'll be toast.  Work with your team, take your time and always watch you back."
,Not Recommended,298900,28381701,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,New Age Republic,"Everything feels unpolished, from basically silent menus to strange partial controller support and multiplayer that basically doesn't work. Maybe next year it'll be worth it, but its not now."
76561198086041970,Recommended,298900,28458083,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ljb.redirect,"This is a good game for anyone wanting to experience the feel of a 40K Termintor running around in a Space Hulk full of genestealers.It is not the best game ever. As another reviewer mentioned, to some extent, the setting hampers the gameplay.  That said, I recommend it but no one should expect the next Halo craze to spawn from the game.I don't know that it has great replay value unless the developers put in other modes like plantary battles or other space hulks with Orcs or Chaos inhabitants.  Fighting things like Dreadnaughts, Killa-Cans, mega-nobz and demons would be a nice change of pace.If the developers keep developing new campaigns, they should try to give more large open areas and give the AI some tweaks to stop the conga line rush.One complaint I have is how little detail/information is given to the user.I still do not know what the final Psyker power in the psyker tree down (Lion's Nemesis).  It is a passive power but I am not sure if it boosts melee, ranged, your other two psy powers or what.After gaining all the weapons, other items are shown as given to you to equip in the bridgehead like a epistolary cuirass but not there when you attempt (I assume they are auto equiped)At the time of writing this review, there is a glitch where your loadout changes to your initial loadout when you hack a turret.  I wound up resorting to destroying every active turrets rather than have to lose Fervor points to get my new loadout back every time I encountered a turret."
76561198014597396,Not Recommended,298900,28489644,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,o BerserkeR,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTEDThis is my very first review on a game, normally I don't bother but I feel quite strongly about the 40k universe as I have loved 40k since I was a child. Just to put this into context - I am lore mad. I am a 40k lore maniac. I have almost every scrap of story or I have read up on it. I LOVE it. Which is why it makes this review so hard to write, and this game so hard to accept that yet again 40k fans have been given an absolute travesty of a game. Quite literally the definition of travesty - a false, absurd, or distorted representation of something.This game had massive potential, but sadly it was a devastating let down. The game play mechanics and controls are fiddly at best and the controller support on PC is a travesty. By this point in gaming history I would assume decent controller support is standard but in this case they managed to seriously come up short - there are parts of the game where you have to resort to the keyboard because its impossible to do something with the controller.The story has a very very good base to it -  such a good formula, really tangible potentional, but the people who made it were just unable to see that or do anything about it. Take this simple tiny detail: the relics.This being a 40k game set on an ancient space hulk with archaic imperial vessels within, including ancient legiones astartes vessels, you would strongly suspect horus heresy or even great crusade era wargear to be found via exploration wouldn't you? Yes there is. You might even suspect there to be some of the greatest relics and treasures in the imperium to be present – STC’s. Yes there is.How cool would it be to have some back story for them. How cool would it have been to learn about how the STC’s were made tens of thousands of years ago before even the great crusade during the dark age of technology. How cool would it have been to learn about wargear hand crafted by perhaps the Lion himself and given to Luther as a gift, or one of his chapter masters or Captains. Ancient wargear with ancient stories.Nothing. Absollutely nothing. No text. No mention by your deathwing teamates when you find them. No way to look at them apart from some crappy screen you can only access in the briefing before missions. You can’t even wear them! The only thing they do for you is give you an achievement if you can be bothered to troll through endless tyranid infested corridors trying to listen out for faint whispers above the explosions and gunfire. What a wasted oppertunity there.And lets not forget about brother Maegon. Oh dear brother Maegon. An ancient legiones astartes who died ten thousand years ago. Found aboard an ancient legiones astartes ship. How awesome is that. We get to see someone that was in the great crusade, the horus heresy, more than likely spent time with El’Johnson, and maybe even laid eyes on the emperor when he was fully alive.But wait, do you see his armour?! He’s wearing terminator armour adorned with the livery of chaos! The eight pointed star, the dead human heads, the screaming faces embeded in his right pauldron. Quite obviously an ally of Horus during the horus heresy. Blatantly the armour of what would become knwon as a Chaos Space Marine.But YET AGAIN we see a juicy story opertunity get utterly wasted. Absoluetely no mention of his heretical armour. No back story whatsoever. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. The only time Maegon is in the lime light is when you find his body (no mention of his chaos armour at all), and his name gets mentioned in the mission breafing of the next chapter. WHAT AN ABSOLUTE JOKE. How cool would it have been to hear a bit about his story, maybe how he died. Where he died and why. But we get the grand total of zero. Nothing.And what the hell happened with the gene seed? WHAT THE HELL?! A space marine chapter DOES NOT just leave vast stores of ancient great crusade era gene seed UNDEFENDED. WHO THE HELL WROTE THIS UTTER RUBBISH. It was left COMPLETELY undefended. You arrive back there at the begining of chapter 8 to find it infested with tyranids. REALLY?! YOU SERIOUS?! Space marines do not leave one of their most prized treasures – thier gene seed – woefully ungarded. Espescially when its ancient gene seed from the great crusade. Probably one of the most valuable things to an astartes chapter. Just abadoned. What a joke by the writters. What a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥take.Better yet, those loyal 40k fans such as I who preordered this game for about £33 (it was advertised that you get a percentage off if you perorder it) have now been completely swindled out of our money because it is now advertised on steam for £25!!! What a great way to thank your loyal fans for preordering this game that looked amazing in the trailers, but then was an absolute travesty once played through.YOU CALL THAT AN ENDING CINEMATIC?!?! You’re telling me I just spent about 20 hours of my life doing this story, only to be rewarded with a 10 second ending cinematic?! WHAT THE ACTUAL F*&K!YOU FINISH THE LAST BIT OF THE LAST MISSION AND 20 SECONDS LATER YOU ARE ON THE MAIN MENU. NOTHING. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.A B S O L U T E  J O K E  O F  A  G A M E. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"
,Recommended,298900,29994709,Posted: 17 February,all,astrik,"Most of the reviews are now irrelivent because recent updates to the game.  Yes the game is a little broken and has it's share of glitches.  However, teh developers are still updating and adding to the game to fix it.  Any WH40K fan or big fans of Co-op will have some fun with this game, i can promise that much."
,Recommended,298900,29476995,Posted: 24 January,all,Jerorld,"If you are a fan of the universe, has some what powerful enough rig (i7, 980m, 16gb ram), and enjoys fps, I suggest you try it out, the game has no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t long intro so you can learn enough of it in 2 hours.Although the core seems to be mutiplayer, it's not polished enough to have good experience. In my opinion, single player is where this game truly shine. Your AI compainions can help you in a technical way, whether you want the AI to be a tank shielding for the team, or a chain gun firing cover fire, they get the job done (except for Plasma Canon, which requires very good prediction and timing).From art perspective, the automosphere in this game is superb, when you fire your chain gun you can see detail of how bullets went and cause splash of blood on the enemy or small flare on the metal wall.Basically, it's not for everyone, but I sure did enjoy it."
76561198158399450,Not Recommended,298900,28417768,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GOOFYLUCK,"Was anyone else super pumped about this game, and then let out an incredibly massive sigh of dissapointment? Yup. So did I.There are way too many bugs to be excusable. The game settings will change on their own (brightness suddenly changing on me. I'll be playing, and then WHAM! The screen is so white I can barely see anything), and scanning the area for nearby turrets will change my weapon loadouts. And that was all on just the first few hours of gameplay.But should we really be suprised? I mean, this game DID come from GW..."
76561198058441786,Not Recommended,298900,28418804,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Uη¢яєαтινє кιd,"What a disappointment. A quick foreword: I cannot say I'm a massive fan of WH40K the tabletop game, but I have always been interested and fascinated by the lore and for a period of time painted space marines as a hobby.Controls: okay, who made that command wheel? it sucks♥♥♥♥♥you should be ashamed. it's so hard to manage not only your own health - but the health of your team. If you move the mouse too much in the right direction, the wheel closes! too many clutch moments I had team members die unncecessarily purely because of how awfully difficult that wheel is (this is in single player). Lets not get started on opening and closing doors because after a few attempts its just so much easier to open / close it myself. Hacking turrets is a wasted potential. I use it out of spite mainly, you have to stop to use it whilst being vunerable it feels more a hinderance than anything. Also when multiple turrets are in the area it will automatically select the closest, as far as i know if you want to control the other one you must destroy the close one. This is just a really stupid design choice, or maybe very bad communication of controls.WHY THE HELL IS THERE A DELAY ON PAUSING THE GAME LOL ITS SUCH A SMALL YET FRUSTRATING THING TO PRESS ESC TWICE BECAUSE THE MENU IS SO SLOW I FEEL LIKE ITS NOT OPENING.Singleplayer: Campaign doesn't seem all that bad, I collected two of the same major relic (the sword)- not sure if this is a bug but its really not communicated well on why i found a legendary sword twice. found a bug when using redemption, if you hack a turret whilst using this weapon, when you exit you will be returned to using the stormbolter. not a major issue but i dont wanna have to teleport back to base everytime i hack. Also am I not able to control the medic? if i had control over him i wouldn't have to worry about the bad controls as much when healing... a minor annoyance really- would have liked to play medic rather than librarian so i dont have to worry about team dying. Also whilst on the topic of team, the AI is semi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. sometimes i'd get automatically healed, more often i wouldn't. a lot of the time i would accidentally command to heal the wrong person and waste a heal. The assault cannon I thought would be great for picking off enemies as they charge but usually ai decided to wait until they are being slapped in the head before shooting anyone.Multiplayer: Virtually unplayable. The server browser is functional - but sucks. The UI is so uncomfortable that it's hard to tell whether or not your friend is actually joining due to the biblical length of load times just traversing the main menus. Constantly we had massive lag spikes, periods where i lost the ability to run or shoot, friends connected without sound, random server crashes, rubber banding, and poor performance even with rigs that are within or above recommended specs. It seems to be poorly optimized... the game is actually quite well designed though (architecture wise), some textures are a little bad, some were really nice.I was really hyped for this game but I was really let down. The preorder mace was crap too. literally only a cosmetic with no statistical difference to power fist. If I catch wind of this game improving (which I very much doubt it will) I will maybe change my review. Devs- please surprise me, I really wanted to enjoy this game but the bugs and poor design choices are just ruining the game for me."
76561198072010289,Recommended,298900,28464041,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The Lost Soldier [blw.tf],"I love this game a lot! Grim FPS, with huge maps, searching relics and a lot of killing. It respects the world W40K pretty good. The only con is that the loadout is not saved : I use the Redemption with and have the Inferno power on 3, i exit the game, reload the game a few hours later and notice that my custom loadout is back on the basic of the very first mission... (Unlocked weapons are still present to access.)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28412259,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nightwielder,"The game shows a lot of promise, and the devs seem to listen to players.Personally, I came looking for a multiplayer experience of Left 4 Dead or Vermintide in 40K world.So far the game has nothing to keep the players in multiplayer, no persistent leveling, and no gear to unlock.Devs: Please work towards a system where you start with basic weapons, unlocking more as you go, so you can challenge harder difficulties with friends.At the moment, I can't recommend this, but I do say: ""Give it time."""
76561198113410293,Recommended,298900,28399141,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,kdaddy,"Fun game so far , better than any other 40k game in recent memeory , have only had one fatal crash so far. only gripe is that I cant use the relics you pick , no information on them either , other than that great game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28402266,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,A.C.C. The Limper,"I played through the tutorial and then through 2 multiplayer maps from start to finish (finished one, crashed 2x on the other and gave up).  I only crashed during the 2.4 hours I played this 3x.  Now, crashes on a new release aren't what makes me NOT recommend this game as I'm sure they'll eventually get fixed.  No, what ruined it for me was that there was absolutely NO POINT to the multiplayer.  You don't get items to keep for your next run or levels to expand into anything remotely useful.  You play it (win or lose) then wipe the slate clean and start all over.  Wasted time for zero reward and while some games are fun in this regard, this one felt horribly painful.I'll start with the tutorial which does a good job of making sure you understand how the combat works (IE THIS BUTTON DOES THAT & THAT BUTTON DOES THIS NOW MOVE ALONG IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR) but the melee in this game seems almost utterly useless which was sad.  Yes, you have lightning claws or a power fist or a mace and it will kill what you hit but everything that gets close to you shreds your armor (have you seen that armor and it's thickness?) like you're wearing cardboard cutouts.  Yes, you can block but it didn't seem to do anything especially given the sheer numbers of enemies.Here's my multiplayer experience:  loaded up a match, found teammates, picked classes and started.  Everyone ran off in different directions despite the goal being marked on the map and died.  People left (I was hosting) and new people joined.  I leveled up (yay?) and was told I could change weapons by opening my inventory.  I opened it and crashed.  Started a new match and just ran through it without changing weapons and finished it.  Go to next map and realize I'm back to level 1 and nothing I'd done previously really mattered.  Ok, second map started going and again I level up.  Switched weapons through inventory without crashing this time.  New gun seems worse than the old one but whatever.  Keep going and then crash.  Forced to start over again and spend WAY too much of my time trying to wrangle my new teammates into moving to the damn objectives which are CLEARLY MARKED ON THE MAP.  After 45+ minutes of trying to herd the mentally challenged rocks that I had for teammates, I gave up.  Tried to join someone else's game and crashed.  THEN I just gave up on the game completely.I LIKED the graphics and thought they were very well done (at least on my comp they looked great).  I didn't run the single player campaign at all and thought about trying it but honestly I bought this for the multiplayer aspect and was so disappointed in it that I actually have requested a refund.  I just don't have enough faith in the Warhammer 40K franchise to produce anything (other than DoW series) that is actually fun to play.  This game in particular seems like it would have benefitted greatly from another 6 months of development and beta testing with adjustments based off player feedback (seriously wtf is with the flat out reset after beating a map? where is the carryover or reward in winning?)."
76561198318228219,Not Recommended,298900,28499223,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,redrunner,The performance of the game is not what you would expect for a game that doesn't seem that graphics intense.   On the edge of a refund.
76561198083214326,Not Recommended,298900,28519325,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Commissar Matt,"Can't even run te game, Crashes on llaunch every time.Tried to verify files, no missing files.meet requirements, no outdated graphics drivers.Going to seek a refund from steam, and re buy in fututre, when it actually works"
76561197993780672,Not Recommended,298900,28408583,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ramsesiicp,"Someday they may fix this game and make it into something excellent. The atmosphere is great, but the technical details are a giant fail. For now stay very far away from yet another buggy, unworking game."
76561197970955094,Not Recommended,298900,28457654,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Batomys,"This release barely qualifies as an Alpha candidate.  It CRASHES, CONSTANTLY.Huge showstopper bugs, massive issues with user experience and basic functionality. This game should have been delayed for another month at least to fix these issues.Even with the shocking level of unprofessionalism that resulted in the state of this release, the game can be fun if you don't mind replaying the same level half a dozen times due to crashes and major functionality issues. This speaks to the strengh of the intellectual property, and a handful of well-executed setpieces in the environments.I will be soldiering on and eventually beating the game -- but in it's current state I will only be recommending it to people I am not particularly fond of."
,Not Recommended,298900,28412024,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,OddBawl,Multiplayer is terrible lacking everything that makes the single campaign good. This is not like vermintide at all.
76561197972177280,Recommended,298900,30513924,Posted: 14 March,all,Delta Fieldo,"Many Xenos where Purged !!! any 40K fan will appreciate the Feeling of being inside the adeptus mechanicum Indomitus Pattern Terminator Armor <3 ""For the Emperor"""
76561197975523869,Not Recommended,298900,28478420,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Plex,If you REALLY like Warhammer 40k...Then play it for the great visuals. The game is garbage other than that.
76561198064736475,Not Recommended,298900,28478446,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,✠DeusVult✠,FPS drops  so radically that u cant even play the game.Serious issues with the engine.Refunded...
,Not Recommended,298900,28479086,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The Djentleman,"The gameplay itself is a lot of fun but good luck being able to enjoy it with friends. The game has optimization issues and technical glitches like the 1 FPS glitch that happens with AMD CPUs in Chapter 1 of the MP campaign. Couple it with the fact that the majority of hosted games are password protected and you have yourself a very limited experience that'll sour your mood to it the longer you keep trying. I only completed one MP mission in all my hours and the rest were spent trying but getting disconnected because the host left/crashed or I crashed.I'll change this from no to yes the minute a patch fixes the performance issues. My machine is good for playing games like BF1 and even handled Star Citizen Alpha 2.5 above 30fps (for those who don't know, a lot of people get very low to unplayable frames even with good machines in 2.5). Until then I unfortunately can't recommend this game."
76561198065760889,Not Recommended,298900,28367058,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,puppehs,The enemies look like balloon animals
,Recommended,298900,28394683,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Heretic,"So far I'm enjoying the game. The hulk is very atmospheric, and nothing is scarier than seeing glowing eyes rushing you from the dark!In terms of play style it stays faithful to the board game, with a few tweaks.In terms of performance on the whole fine, but there was a couple instances of slow down, and it appeared in the same areas. Nothing updates can't fix.It's a solid game, but a bit rough around the edges. I would recommend buying it."
,Recommended,298900,28394634,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KastaRules,"When I was a kid I used to play Space Hulk on my Amiga, it was a dreadful and terrifying experience and I loved it. You really had to plan your moves wisely because failure and defeat were waiting for you behind each corner. I also enjoyed Space Hulk: Vengeance of the Blood Angels on the PSX which was actually quite good.I didn’t have high expectations for Deathwing but I decided to grab it anyway, for old times sake. The atmosphere is amazing and it really sucked me in but, as I thought, gameplay-wise it is rather simplistic and repetitive. I am *not* a multiplayer kind of guy but I did try it online and had a fun time with other human players. With other people though the sense of horror and despair tends to go out the window, especially when someone finds it funny to keep shooting at a huge holy bell to make it ring, which is pretty much all the time.I could only sum it up like this:Deathwing is to the original Space Hulk as Aliens is to Alien.Great in its own “Hollywoodian” way but definitely *not* the masterpiece that the original one was.EDIT: After beating the single player campaign I came up with a list of PROs and CONS:PROs-Top notch atmosphere which makes the playthrough a wonderful experience-Excellent graphics and FX-Very fun to playCONSs-Complete disregard for any kind of tactics, you just pick a weapon and run into the fray-Short campaign-Very few maps-No replay value (you cannot start a new campaign with the perks you have previously unlocked nor you can play a single mission map of your choice)-You can only deploy a single team of 3 Terminators (in the W40K world a Terminator team is made up of 5 units, plus it would have been nice to be able to deploy a second team)."
,Not Recommended,298900,28391086,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Drowsy Louis,"I personally enjoyed my time playing the beta  accumulating more than ten hours, lots of fun with only one map available. I could disregard the bugs and crashes at the time being because I had it in ""good faith"" in my mind that the annoying bugs from the beta, crashes, laggy performance and poor network would be fixed but that wasn't be the case.  I have avoided myself the frustration and refunded the game. I guess the game is fun with friends, but I'm mostly a solo player who enjoys to tag with other strangers and overcome challenges together but unfortunately right now the server lists are filled with passworded games who do nothing but segregate and stop a community from forming, I'm not going to waste my time browsing through lists of locked games and games that display a network error when I'm attempting to join them.No, I don't own a toaster, I have a high end pc with a 1070 gtx"
76561198006804970,Not Recommended,298900,28684193,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SBrind,"This. This could have been what 40K needed to really boost big titles with it's IP. Sadly, it just doesn't measure up.The game does do some things right:For me, it does a great job of depicting a space hulk in the 40K universe. The scale, the decoration, the atmosphere. And it all looks really good. The variety of weapons and abilities is also nice.However, that's about as far as it gets. The sound  (and voice acting) is passale but uninspiring, and the level design feels rather empty.The worst but for me though, was the gameplay.To start with, the movement speed was awful, and it just felt like it was trying to make the game seem bigger.I had a real challenge making out the info I needed from the HUD. The teammate health indicators were too small, and except for a pulsing red effect when low on health, there was none I could discern for the player. The minimap was far too cluttered with useless info, and make it impossible to tell what was an actual attack direction. This was compunded by there being no way to tell when an enemy was atually dead, due to them often getting knocked into a crawl position. All made worse by a very narrow FoV.This might all have been manageable if not for the teammate AI. While it is moderately effective in general combat, its usefulness ends there, it won't do anything on its own without orders other than block your line of fire so you can't support them effectively (the few times that the levels might allow it). This might be ok if the orders system wasn't so clunky and slow. Want to lock a door? Quicker to do it yourself. Need healing in the middle of a firefight? You'll either die because you didn't get it, or die because you were busy trying to navigate the orders menu.I could add more, but I feel like I'm beathing a dead horse at this point.I really wanted to like this game, but sadly it just wasn't fun to play. Which is a shame because I think it has all the right elements in there...it just hasn't gotten them right."
,Recommended,298900,33960646,Posted: 1 August,all,Ol' Pocket Turtles,"since the last major update, this game runs like it should."
76561197965450060,Recommended,298900,32464153,Posted: 15 June,all,A5m0da1,Have had this game since release and have never had a problem with it performance wise so no issues there. I feel it captures the gritty feel feel of the 40K universe. This game gets better with every patch and it is now at a stage where it is gone from average at release to being actually quite good. Kudos to the developers for improving on the game.
76561198145549620,Recommended,298900,33796666,Posted: 25 July,all,Imotekh,Its a fun game and no issues for me so far.
,Recommended,298900,28413510,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,THC** FIREston,This game had a rough start from beta. But with work it has become one of the better WH40k titles out there.8/10
,Recommended,298900,28544415,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pieter Trevelyan,"It's challenging and not without its flaws, but I think this game has excellent potential.  Give it a few DLCs and patches to smooth out performance issues, more diverse gear (and more ways to equip your bots) and integrate VOIP and it would be perfected.  In its current state, it makes me feel like a giant, hulking space marine that is stomping terrifying, insidious alien hordes.  And I can play with friends; what more could I want?VOIP.  I could want integrated VOIP. :)"
,Recommended,298900,28382698,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MadGod Zymel,"Looks great, plays smooth. I look forward to purging this deathhulk over and over until I'm raw and bloody. FOR THE EMPEROR! FORWARD BROTHERS."
,Recommended,298900,28384918,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Retrikaethan,"i played for about 2 hours straight on the campaign, and at about 4am i switched to vermintide as i am oft to do at that time. it wasn't until i felt like i could breathe in one of their maps that i realized i had felt boxed in and suffocated. SH:DW might but a buggy mess right now but it has without a doubt got a lot of its♥♥♥♥♥♥right. give streum on time to fix things. they'll get it done."
76561197997071035,Recommended,298900,28382618,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Trenth,"Sure there are a few bugs, but all around it's a great time, especially if you have a couple of friends on hand. I'm sure this willl only get better with time.Edit: 12/15/2016Hardware specs since I know a lot of people are seeing frame rate issues as well as a slew of other graphical problems. I have not encountered frequent frame drops though it has occured once or twice while going through the tutorial. This problem did not persist into the multiplayer aspect of the game after adjusting my game resolution to 1920x1080 with all maxed settings.The following is a boat load of data, but perhaps it will help someone troubleshoot any issues they may be having.------------------System Information------------------Time of this report: 12/15/2016, 17:20:59Operating System: Windows 10 Pro 64-bit (10.0, Build 14393) (14393.rs1_release_inmarket.161208-2252)Language: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: System manufacturerSystem Model: System Product NameBIOS: 2202Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHz (8 CPUs), ~4.0GHzMemory: 16384MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 16312MB RAMPage File: 5349MB used, 13395MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WINDOWSDirectX Version: DirectX 12DX Setup Parameters: Not foundUser DPI Setting: Using System DPISystem DPI Setting: 288 DPI (300 percent)DWM DPI Scaling: UnKnownMiracast: Available, with HDCPMicrosoft Graphics Hybrid: Not SupportedDxDiag Version: 10.00.14393.0000 64bit Unicode---------------Display Devices---------------Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080Manufacturer: NVIDIAChip type: GeForce GTX 1080DAC type: Integrated RAMDACDevice Type: Full DeviceDevice Problem Code: No ProblemDriver Problem Code: UnknownDisplay Memory: 16300 MBDedicated Memory: 8144 MBShared Memory: 8156 MBCurrent Mode: 4096 x 2160 (32 bit) (60Hz)Monitor Name: Generic PnP MonitorMonitor Model: M43-C1Monitor Id: VIZ1011Native Mode: 3840 x 2160(p) (30.000Hz)Output Type: HDMIDriver File Version: 21.21.0013.7619 (English)Driver Version: 21.21.13.7619DDI Version: 12Feature Levels: 12_1,12_0,11_1,11_0,10_1,10_0,9_3,9_2,9_1Driver Model: WDDM 2.1Graphics Preemption: PixelCompute Preemption: DispatchMiracast: Not SupportedHybrid Graphics GPU: Not SupportedPower P-states: Not SupportedDriver Attributes: Final RetailDriver Date/Size: 11/30/2016 5:00:00 PM, 17590064 bytesWHQL Logo'd: YesWHQL Date Stamp: Unknown------------------------Disk & DVD/CD-ROM Drives------------------------Drive: C:Free Space: 238.7 GBTotal Space: 476.4 GBFile System: NTFSModel: Samsung SSD 850 EVO 500GB"
76561198006881681,Not Recommended,298900,28472729,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ludwig_024,So glitchy it's really not worth playing.... Truly sad! I really wanted to play this game but until they release some patches it's just not worth it.....
76561198017905107,Not Recommended,298900,28384815,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Neon Knight,"This is a look at the game at its curnet state, later on if more content is put out then I will do a re-review.When this game was anounced I was really stoked for what was going to be great game.  Set in a very lore rich setting and a story that sounds good.  After about 10 hours of playing with a positive mindset going in and a medcore one coming out, I was a bit disapointed.  So I listed out some pros and cons that I found about the game:Pros:- Dark atmosphere felt like I was being watched all the time and felt like I was not ment to be there- Characters sound and talk like they are ment for this setting- Guns are sweet and feel powerful (Assualt cannon I am looking at you!)- You feel like a 20 Ton Iron clad bringer of DEATH- Warp powers have a variety to them from chain lightning to teliporting inside your enemy and making them explode- Frame rate was alright- Setting and enviroments were well done and felt like I was in a space hulk- Combat engagement was veried from melee to long rangeCons:- Force weapons (force sword & force axe) only equipable with the storm bolter- Use storm bolter and force weapons or have big cooldowns on your psy-powers- Only 9 story missions- Enemy AI is questionable at times- team mates get stuck on random stuff- Enemy gets stuck on walls and stuck on/in each other- Most of the time SWARMS of genestealers- The big brood lords you can stunlock and beat them to death- Only used three of the psy-powers (chain lightning, fire wave, and teliport)- Cooldowns on powers are super low if you use the power axe (66% cooldown reduction)- Chain lightning could be cast every 2 seconds and teliport every 3 seconds- Force push some times does not affect enemys at allBut in the state it currently is in right now for the price it is not worth the cost.Later IF the developers put out dlc that is FREE like:- More story content, posibly other points of view from other terminator squads.- Different multiplayer maps (different from the story maps)- And other stuff I can't think of currentlyFinal thoughts...If you are a warhammer fan (I am one) you might find some good times in this game.  If you are looking for a good story game to play by yourself you might want to look some where else.  If you are still interested, keep an E.Y.E. on it and see what happens, then make your choice."
,Recommended,298900,28382691,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Librarian Janus,"Beautiful 40k creation.  Ugh.  So beautiful.  And the ambient sounds.  Very immersive.If you plan to play on easy just to climb the skill tree then probably not much fun.  But grab some buddies, throw on friendly-fire, and upper level difficulty, and have some of the most stressful, high stales decisions under fire/bad♥♥♥♥♥gameplay I've had in a long time.Drake! We are LEAAVINGGGG *background gunfire*My god has this game been a blast."
76561197990764193,Not Recommended,298900,28472998,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MrMoo,"Very disappointing. Long load times and poor performance could be blamed in part on my rig, but that doesn't account for the host of gameplay problems.The levels are unnecessarily large, and involve large amounts of backtracking. This usually means lots of walking, followed by occasional bouts of shooting.The character models are large enough to occupy entire hallways, and much of the combay occurs in these hallways. This means that really, only the person in the front and back of the group can actually do anything. Not much fun for everybody else in a four player multiplayer session. I'm aware that these cramped hallways are a feature of Space Hulk, and that's fine for a strategy game, but it just translates to frustrating gameplay in a FPS.Levels and missions are very repetitive. Enemy types don't actually require any different strategies to deal with, meaning fighting everyone just turns out the same way, and also gets repetitive.Multiplayer was unreliable, and crashed frequently.Progression is very simplistic and poorly handled. You have to unlock each item on a per-mission basis. This means that you start up a mission with a basic gun, and as you play, you might unlock two or three more guns, and then lose them again at the end of the mission and start over. There are no permanent unlocks, no persistent upgrades, no character customization, and no reason to keep playing.Voice acting is awful. The AI companions in single player repeat literally the same two or three lines of dialogue over and over ad nauseam.Very disappointing overall. Requested a refund after several hours of play. As a fan of 40k, GW needs to be much more careful about who they allow to make video games for them, instead of just handing out the Warhammer license to literally any unproven studio that asks for it. Too many crap Warhammer games flooding the market, and this is just another forgettable, mediocre, frustrating experience to add to tha list."
76561197961014469,Recommended,298900,28389977,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kommissar Klose,"TL;DR; - If you like WH40k and are able to accept a game with a bit of jank, this is a reasonable addition to a game library.Game does what it says on the tin. It's a horde shooter based around the WH40k IP regarding Space Hulk, featuring the 1st company of the Dark Angels, the Deathwing.Do you want to shoot a bunch of aliens as they charge down cramped corridors at you?The game is remarkably atmospheric, in my opinion even beating Relic's 40k line of games in depicting the 40k universe. The spaces you fight in, while damaged and ancient, clearly evoke a sense of the 41st millennium as its described in 40k lore.Gameplay: As above, the core gameplay is pretty straightforward. Move around, shoot enemies, melee enemies. Go to waypoints, do stuff. Wash, rinse, repeat. Featured around 40k visuals and a 40k story. If this is what you are looking for, it does it pretty well. It plays as a slightly more open map version of L4D, where players do pick classes with abilities rather than merely weapon choices. I should point out the maps are large and again, open. You can go whichever way you wish to arrive at a given waypoint (obviously some paths are better and more direct than others). From a strategic perspective, locking doors behind you (or waiting to unlock the ones in front) is one of the aspects of the game. In single-player, there is a rudimentary progression system that unlocks abilities across 3 trees. In multiplayer, its match based progression, where each time you load a map you level up as you play it (and then resets as you do a new map).Replayability: Given the nature of progression in the game, replayabilty is largely based around wanting to actually play the game, not the addictive structure of progression. Which as anyone watching this game will see is a pretty controversial position. I can see why they did it, but I know others aren't happy with it. I would say there is at least some replay value in that it is co-op shooter, so its something you can do with friends. Spawn zones are in the same locations across the map. Enemy attacks are inherently random-ish, as you can approach areas from any direction and enemies spawn as you move across the map.Visuals: I would say its actually pretty good in this game. The interior areas are amazing. Absolutely amazing. Second to that, the sheer amount of enemy bodies that crop up as the enemies attack in waves gives a very 40k sense to things. Bodies do eventually disappear, but in the heat of an enemy wave, the floor will become littered with genestealer viscera.Performance: I have an i7, 980GTX, 32gb of ram, on windows 10, and I have acceptable performance in single player on default settings. According to reports from others, YMMV.AI: I will say the enemy AI can be a bit poor at times (as well as the SP squad AI). The manner in which enemies pour out from spawn points is so predictable it often seems a bit too simple. Squad members in SP need some hand-holding too (they don't heal on their own). While L4D has a distinct AI director that veterans of that game would recognize and understand, I have not quite gotten the same sense from Deathwing. Clearly some AI part of the code is responsible for dictating when enemies attack, but I have yet to get the same degree of drama. Its still fun, and likely I just need to do higher difficulties.Length: It consists of 9 chapters, with each chapter being a ""large"" map that can take anywhere from 15-45 minutes to complete, doing objectives directly. Full exploration is probably a good bit longer, if only because of how much of a maze it is (and I have a pretty good ability to keep track of where I've been). Multiplayer uses the same chapters as SP.Bugs: There are a good amount of bugs present, but due to how new the game is, this was bound to happen. Presently it is difficult to determine how effectively they will be fixed over time.Summary: The game feels like E.Y.E. Divine Cybermancy, with its inscrutable RPG mechanics toned down to a simple progression system, and a greater focus on straight gunplay with fewer (than E.Y.E) weapons. If that is worth the pricetag to you, then go for it."
76561198064202871,Not Recommended,298900,29265337,Posted: 14 January,all,joseph.thomas287,"This could be a great game. The game play is good, but some of the default controls are mapped to strange keys. After a couple of play throughs, it gets old. They need to update the game and make it random generate each level. Then it would through a mix in there. Instead you get the same level, over and over and over. I'll change my review, if there is an update."
,Not Recommended,298900,30180478,Posted: 25 February,all,darkmoon,"I just played it until halfway through the second single player mission. And unfortunately I think that's as far as I'll go. It's not a very rewarding game. The movement and controls are clunky. Tried playing both with keyboard and mouse as well as a controller, and neither seemed to be well optimized.It's sad that most games developed from Games Workshop IP's get treated poorly. The only good games with the WH40K IP thus far has been Space Marine and Dawn of War. This was... meh... What's most interesting is how they've managed to make something that should be so damn awesome (being a Space Marine Terminator, and a Librarian at that, who are the badest MF's in the universe) is kind of a miserable experience.I game shouldn't be a breeze, but it shouldn't be difficult because the controls are crappy, or that the gameplay itself is confusing and weird.I'm really sorry to say that this gets a downvote from me. Something that could be so cool and ended up a dissapointment. I'll try to get my money back, but I doubt that'll work since I pre-ordered it a long time ago."
,Not Recommended,298900,30203750,Posted: 26 February,all,Kenetor,"quite buggy, I keep getting this issue when i hack thinks, the hacking screen never goes away. completely kills the ability to play as im only semi seenig everything through the hacking circle like this:http://imgur.com/a/W77s9"
76561198049365609,Recommended,298900,33063443,Posted: 30 June,all,Aksplinter,"This game had a rough start and recieived a lot of critisisim and hate from people (my self included). But since the continuing updates from the developers, this game has gotten much better.  The addition of special missons etc has really helped replayability.  If you like 40k the Universe and have a few friend to play this game with it is very good fun and worth a buy.Working as part of a team and covering each others back or healing some one at the right time can be a very rewarding experience during missons so if you love Co-op and teamwork then this game is for you.The single player experience is good but I always recommend playing the story with a full squad if possible.  The design and the atmostphere and attention to detail is so far the best I've seen in a universe brought to video game.I know the Devs are going to work hard on this game in the future by adding additional classes , weapons and enemies etc for free.   The game can slow down and the frame rate can drop , but with this amount of Ai and the scale of the maps I'm surprised it runs as well.  Hosting and finding a multiplayer game is pretty straight forward as well."
,Recommended,298900,33077898,Posted: 1 July,all,wonder_monkey2000,"This game looks beautiful and they really nail the atmosphere! Sounds are great (especially the weapons) and the atmospherics very much put me in mind of Alien: Isolation.HOWEVER: The multi-player element feels really tagged on and secondary (with a pretty unintuitive UI) which I find very unusual given the existence & success of Vermintide. IMO I think that the focus of the game should be co-op multi-player survival as primary and single player experience as a secondary.Great to see that devs are still working on patches, etc and hope to see that continue.Overall a good-looking, solid game that I wouldn't have been satisfied with had I paid full-price for, but is a great find when on sale."
76561198013191940,Recommended,298900,33096365,Posted: 1 July,all,katana337,"If your a fan of Warhammer chances are you'll find something to like with this game. It has a lot of heart and Im happy that I paid full price for it then sat on it for a good long while to patched to what it is today. I just finished playing the campaign for the first time and it was pretty great. If you want a game where a terminator squad kills hordes of Genestealers then congrats this is your game. You can tell that cuts were made and somethings were prioritized over others. There's no music, the sound effects remind me of a PC game from the early 2000's and the overarching story isnt as fleshed out as it can be. On the upside the levels are fantastically detailed, like there's literally gothic script on purity seals level of details. Each level is huge and cover's an entirely different ship in the space hulk. There are a couple points where it reminded me of dark souls a bit where they told some nice little stories with the enviornment if you caught it. I dont plan on touching MP so i want speak for it, but it comparison to the last great SP campaign 40k saw in Space Marine on the last gen Ill say that this is a much shinier if duller experience that someone who knows what there looking at will enjoy, IE 40k fans."
76561198034908082,Recommended,298900,28454033,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bane,"*Updated review - After the most recent patch, and addition of multiplayer and bonus missions...omfgbarbecue sauce. awesome. Joined up last night with 3 random players and had an awesome time purging xenos. Server latency was on point.This. Is. Space Hulk.finally.Screw the naysayers and the multiplayer whiners. This game is beautiful as it is atmospheric, and full of WH40k trappings. I have no qualms with melee, but apparently others do. YOU ARE IN A WALKING TANK. What do you think your melee blows should be lightning fast? lmao get out.To the potato players with potato computers, don't go around writing bad reviews on games, that are people's livelyhoods just because you can't run it and are too dense to realize that maybe it's you that is the problem. It is 2016, your AMD dual core from 2006 needs to be buried and put to rest. A gtx760, while it's viable in some cases is no longer fit for duty.To the haters about the size of the maps in game. What kind of crack/bath salts are you smoking/injecting/eating/osmosising?As of the 3rd chapter (of 9) I have been on an explorator, an imperial navy ship, and on a Black Templar vessel and each one is huge. So ummmm no idea wth that is all about.I am satisfied, I have no desire to play co op. It is absolutely worth the 33.99 for the visual playground alone. But it is much more than that.Gameplay - Does a great work of providing the feeling of walking through cramped winding corridors, with hive swarms coming at you at a great pace. Also the AI does a good job for the most part of feinting (where they test one avenue to get your attention, only to blindside you) just like tyranid scum. There will be those odd times where you can just camp and mow them down like pop a mole.Shout out to Streum Studios for transforming this game into an authentic believable experience. You guys know atmosphere. The models are gorgeous. Please don't stop working and improving this title.Note : I purpose built my rig to handle this game, so when it came out I could lay my laptop to restAnd run it does. It looks beautiful.My specs - Intel I5 6600k 3.5ghz (not OC'd)32 gb ddr3000 g. skillMSI Gtx1060 6gb750 gb SSD"
,Recommended,298900,28420533,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Exalted Void,"Feels very much like the terrifying and claustrophobic game I was hoping for. Really is a direct sequel to the original Spacehulk.I would recommend for both the SP and MP experiences, haven't run into any crashes myself."
,Recommended,298900,28402002,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tadswana,"OK, so just started playing this after spending hours on the Beta.This game rocks! Atmospheric, true to lore, and fantastic immersion in squad based gene stealer cleansing in the name of the emperor.As Hudson would say: ""they're coming out of the god damned walls!""."
76561198048825417,Not Recommended,298900,29222676,Posted: 13 January,all,Moosey,"Takes ages to find a game.. crashes or disconnects when it does. UI feels unfinished, UI buttons don't respond as you would expect, overlay on some screens which is just a sign of an unfinished product.If I could I'd ask for my money back."
76561198041715709,Recommended,298900,28442196,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Regimentofbeer,"You might be thinking its another one of those reviews sticking up for the game, well it isn't, but heres what I really think.I know I only have about 4 hours of gameplay and theres a reason for that.After being a relatively moderate player of 40k based games, such as Dawn of War and the Tabletop itself, I thought only fair to look into this. An FPS Alien Swarm Killer with impressive visuals, outstanding atmospherics and sounds. I am by no means a fan of Warhammer overall, and i know heaps of people who negatively swamp this game consider themselves in the right as they are just 40k lovers, but as a man who played it purely for the game, it leaves a bitter aftertaste, much like the craft beer that you heard was good after hearing your friend's mate brag about it.I none the less preordered it a week in advance to discover it had been pushed back 5 days to fix bugs. I havent preordered a game since BF3, so that clearly says something about how keen I was. It was 15% off, a fair deal if you consider it NOT a triple A game. But I excused the pushback as I convinced myself it was for the better and I immediately assumed that almost all the bugs would be a fixed with a few stranded ones lingering around the game like many before.The moment I launched it, there was a sense of glee, a childlike experience I have not felt for a while. Quite honestly unusual, as this review may seem. The loading although long, came eventually with the menu, and then me playing the tutorial. Frankly I liked its simplicity, there was no major complexity to it. The singleplayer campaign is bug free, beautifully rendered but on the whole quite dull to play by yourself. There is little communication or discussion amongst the characters and so brings a sense of emptiness to them. The atmosphere is quite eerie and the levels unforgiving, But to be brutally honest I bought this game for the multiplayer which brings my view far down.Not only is the content lacking in multiplayer, it is almost impossible to achieve any unlocks, not by the XP required or other drawbacks, but by the game being so unstable. Constant network errors, crashes form entering the iventory, unable to control your character at all after opening the map then closing it to find a swarm of genestealers you cant kill because it wont shoot. only to die, respawn and then find the bug still holding you back from shooting sprinting or even melee attacking. You feel absolutely helpless as your friends struggle to hold off attack after attack by themselves before the game would crash on the hosts server and everyone disconnects back to the main menu. I would say truth be told out of the 4 hours of game play there, 1 hour has to be loading, 2 is the singleplayer and the other 1 is the amount of multiplayer I could fit in before any gamebreaking issue would arise.Admittedly, looking back, the small hours I spent in actual game were fantastic. take what you will from that, thats all i am going to say.Surprisingly my framerates dont drop that far and the game runs well when it does.But overall im dissapointed, but keen for more. Do I reccommend it? Yes, the potential is sitting there, but the bugs and lacking multiplayer content are too. Get it if you want an experience unlike other games, but get your friends onto it too!Edit: Finally, first patch is out! :) Safe to say that im pleased with the result. Keep in mind: as much as I may be negative with this review I mean it in the best of ways. I really do enjoy the aspects of this game. Its intense, keeps you on your toes and with a few beers and a close friend its AMAZING. That is why I have recommended it."
76561197970329460,Recommended,298900,28916359,Posted: 1 January,all,Aeneas2020,"Just a quick review of this one as it seems like a pretty niche game. Let me start this by breaking this down into a couple of simple questions for prospective buyers:1) Do you love WH40k? - If yes then buy this game2) Do you like horde shooters and have some friends? - If yes then buy this game on sale3) Do you not like either of the above? - Don'y buy this gameSpace Hulk is an MP focussed horde based shooter. I grew up playing Space Hulk and Vengence of the Blood Angels and while this doesn't quite recapture those it does have a certain amount of charm. The gameplay loop is fun if not exceptional and the graphics are very pretty (once you turn off the in game AA and run using your own settings). I should mentioned here that I am one of the few people that had zero issues running the game.Where Space Hulk falls down is in it's single player campaign, which while technically there is really little more than the MP missions with some story thrown around it (in fact the MP missions are the exact same ones as SP). There is no payoff at the end of the story which will grate on some. I am hoping the devs continue to add to this game because there is a kernal of excellence there that just needs some more polish and experimentation.To keep this short I did enjoy myself with this game but it's hardly game of the year material. After waiting 20+ years for a true sequal to VOTBA I am happy this exists but sad it couldn't live up to the potential it so clearly has.7/10 (as a huge WH40k nerd) 6/10 otherwise."
76561198042199071,Not Recommended,298900,28766564,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,slipperyknot,"Well i didn't have any performnce issues with the game, bu i woudln't reccomend it just because its pretty boring. First impression seems like a good game but the missions are the same and the it gets repetive fast. Nothing to it really."
76561198018820007,Not Recommended,298900,28380418,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TIGJIG,"Im just puting a thumbs down so I can get an answer. I love the game but can't play it. I had a controller, switched the controls a little, and when I tried to go back to regular keyboard settings.  The factory reset won't change back the settings, keeping some of my commands on the controller and some on the keyboard, but none all together. Help? I really want to be able to play. I changed my sprint pys powers and zoom."
76561198031833930,Not Recommended,298900,28380469,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Keiran Halcyon,Spent 30 mins walking through empty hall ways until i found both doors at the objective marker locked. on top of running at 45fps
,Not Recommended,298900,28380404,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dante Legion,"Currently debating on getting a refund, then waiting until the price drops and the gamepad is ACTUALLY implemented.Why is this not an actual co-op game? Why not have your buddies be able to go through the main story and unlock, fight, and explore it together? The multiplayer maps are the exact same and the campaign maps, so what's the point of one versus the other? Maybe spending time to create some modular areas that can be randomly linked together, and mission objectives to go with it for multiplayer. That would be awesome, as well as give reason to do multiplayer. However, when you play multiplayer, doing the EXACT same thing as single player, without anything to progress or improve or unlock, other than exp that RESETS, I see no point.So let's look at the single player. If multiplayer is pointless and unexciting because it's copy-paste single player without any reward other than playing with friends which COULD HAVE BEEN DONE IN CO-OP FORM. What does the single player have to offer instead?Woo! Awesome! Ok, I found a major relic! What does it do?? ... oh... It sits there, looks pretty, and gives me a higher mission score. Well I unlocked some skills and got a new gun, can I go back and use them to get those relics I missed? ... no? Start from scratch? Well... I don't want to. Where's my chapter select? Does my character have a main menu hub that allows me to utilize what I've accomplished to further... No? ... I have to COMPLETELY start over and get a perfect score EVERY time in order to carry my accomplishments forward? Well ok, at least the AI isn't usele....... nevermind.Well ok, FINE. Alright, I won't go balls-deep to try and enjoy this as any replay value, trying to do better each time with my rewards from previous attempts. I'll sit back, casually play with a gamepad and just enjoy some mind... less... How do I... Oh I see, only HALF of the games NECESSARY functions are working for the gamepad...♥♥♥♥ you. Sell me two half-games and force me to take the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they aren't the least-bit beneficial to one another, nor expanding upon the experience. Really, Letting a co-op main campaign where everyone gets to gain experience, unlock weapons, discover relics, accomplish something, then go back to replay and enjoy new toys to get that perfect score. WOULD have made me want to pay MORE for the game than I already have.Instead, that concept, where all but one ingredient are present, was cut in half, and distributed between two IDENTICAL maps several times, does not make a game I want to spend so much on. Not letting me use a gamepad MAY have been the final detail that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off beyond rational thought, but whatever.When I calm down, play a bit before it's too late to refund, MAYBE I'll change my opinion, maybe I'll even keep it! For now, I hope this helps anyone interested in buying the game."
76561198047029972,Not Recommended,298900,29978791,Posted: 16 February,all,UNSCjet1337,Please just Please save your money and time by not buying this...this.... thing you call a GAME. I got it the day it came out and it has not changed at all.
76561198038005885,Not Recommended,298900,29012843,Posted: 4 January,all,karlthestrong,"I liked warhammer vermantide. This was mediocre. If you like this type of teamplay, go for Left 4 dead or vermentide.This game has a buggy user interface, sometimes the pause menu won't close."
76561198009387361,Recommended,298900,28592703,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gundalf,"Current State (Recommend)HotFix 1.06 fixed 3 big game breaking bugs- item interaction preventing you from shooting/ability use/or interacting with anything (Fixed)- After level 3 (in-game/Multiplayer) if Host opens inventory the game will crash (Fixed)- Server optimization (progression)I will recommend this game in its current state. Its a fun 40K Shooter to hop in and out, with or without friends offering good immersion. Devs are working on this product and are doing a great job with listening so expect further updates/content.My Rig- GeForce GTX 1080- I7-6700K CPU @ 4.00 GHZ- 31.95 GB RAM- 1920x1080, 60 Hz Monitor"
76561198042753548,Recommended,298900,28622616,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Chuck,"I do recommend this game. I had my fair share of frustration with it regarding certain areas in the map that would start chopping the frame rate up to unplayable, but I enjoyed the game enough that I continued to play it till the end. I preordered this and I knew that they had rushed it out the door because they didn't release when they said they would in order to fix issues, but hopefully they will get these game breaking issues worked out that still exist, but overall I couldn't put it down.I agree with the hidden ""whispers"" items you can find, what the hell is the point? I'm pretty sure there was a reason but it may have been lost on releasing the game on time. Sucks but oh well, you level up faster for finding them, I guess.Regarding your other battle brothers, they do kind of suck but you can find the happy median, mine was using the storm shield for my heavy, after that he didn't constantly get his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him. The other downside is you can't equip your medic with anything else if you want to survive, this is pretty crappy in my opinion.My favorite weapon was the chain gun for a long time, it can clear rooms of low level badies, but after a while it just doesn't have the punch you need to survive. Then I liked the rapid fire plasma gun, but it to lacked the punch and longevity later on in the game. End game was the wacka mole mace and storm shield, because tyrants kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, and nothing says I love like a mace to the face.Overall by biggest gripe would be the frame rate drop, and by frame rate drop  I mean “holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ not playable” not everyone experiences this, but I read some forums so it wasn’t just me, it’s doable if you really want to play you can just get through the map area, I never died from it, simply because the frickin xenos were just as slow as I was; but it sucked. Sometimes, depending on the map I could enter an area and it would go cross eyed and I could back out and take another route, but sometimes there is only one way, which sucked. I tried rebooting the PC which sometimes helped, but this only worked on a few occasions…very fricking irritating. For all I know this could have been patched by now, but be wary.I would still recommend this game on the fact that even though it has many flaws, I still spent my time to finish it because I enjoyed it that much, this I can’t say about 90% of the games in my library."
76561198027803211,Not Recommended,298900,28749173,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,T4cticalpr0la4pse,"I picked up the game and refunded it within 30 minutes. Why? Because it is utterly unplayable and a buggy mess. I didn't bother with the single player so I can't comment on that. This game clearly isn't designed to be played alone though.If they ever fix the lag/fps issues I might pick it up again in the future, but as it stands I cannot recommend this game. It's a shame because this game looked like it would be worth playing and something a little different.My specs are 4690k, 970 and 8 gb of ram. Not the best of the best, but decent enough to expect this game to actually function."
76561197962830096,Not Recommended,298900,28663126,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Felix Perditus Vagus,"Game could have been much better, had the developers created a more enjoyable gameplay experience. Everything else seems great (except no character development), it's just the gameplay needs some serious tweaking to be fun."
,Recommended,298900,28699667,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tro The Chain King,The game runs perfectly fin for me (gtx 760).it's fun so far.seems pretty good value if you pick it up on a sale.Not alot else to say.
76561198012645958,Recommended,298900,28401039,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jharlax,First impression:Just played the first level + tutorial so far the emperor would aprove.
76561197984074623,Not Recommended,298900,28661130,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spiggs,"This game isn't good.Couldn't make it through one hour of play. The movement sways make me sick. Even on the lowest setting. Just remove it all. The controls are confusing (there's a million different keys for different commands and stuff.) There are no options to move the window to different screens. The graphics, while nice when standing still are clunky and buggy when moving.Also you can't toggle walk/run or aim/sights. Why not? It's almost as if they didn't bother testing the game. Or when they tested the game, they said ""meh!"" and threw the user feedback out the window. This game is a big dissapointment."
76561198065293222,Not Recommended,298900,29591283,Posted: 30 January,all,Davewatsit97,"The Career is short but has some cool customization, and the multiplayer is lacking, boring and you don't keep levels or customization.If they would implement more chapters, and (multiplayer) you can chose a class for your character and chose what wepaons you want and keep any levels then is would be better. (a class system similar to war hammer 40K space marines or COD MW2)"
76561198107549772,Not Recommended,298900,28678342,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,That Healer Guy.,"Cannot connect to server is a very standard response from joining multiplayer lobbies in this game, Also, good luck trying to actually complete a mission with the constant crashes. love the idea and style of the game (though i wish there was progression in the multiplayer of some sort, imo) its just been unplayable to a point where i was stuck in lobbies or when i finally got into a game i would randomly crash out of nowhere after a few minutes. worth a buy if they fix these problems, until then i guess ill hit that refund button."
,Recommended,298900,28809689,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"Computer specs.i7-4790k 4.00GhzEVGA GTX 980 FTW32 GB RAMNow, I am just putting those specs up there because people may want to know what I am running right now when playing this game since a lot of people are getting poor performance while playing.I saw an article that shows this in a top 5 worst optimized games of the yearhttp://www.dsogaming.com/news/here-are-the-five-most-unoptimized-pc-games-of-2016/and this game was on it but I forget which number.Okay, I have not noticed any problems running this game at max settings and I am currently on mission 6.  This does not mean I am downplaying other peoples problems while playing just saying I do not notice any slow down or hitching or crashing while I am playing.  Am I staying at a constant 60 FPS?  Probably not.  I haven't bothered to turn on NVIDIA GEFORCE experience and use it's FPS checker to see as I do not see the point.Now I also have not tried multiplayer on this game yet.  I am recommending this game solely on my single player experience so far.  Personally I do not like doing multiplayer with random people and none of my friends own this game for me to play with.I do not have a vast Warhammer 40k knowledge either I know a little bit and thats it so I am also not recommending this game on being a Warhammer 40k fanboi either.It simply comes down to whether the game is fun or not.Do I find the game fun?  Yes.Is the game perfect? No.The graphics are good.The atmosphere and sound in this game is awesome especially if you have a great headset or sound system.The voice acting is good in my opinion though other people have said it was terrible.There are some spelling errors though one I can think of is when you get a new weapon at a checkpoint in a mission instead of say New weapon aquired on my screen the N is mostly cut off for some reason.All the weapons I have tried so far have been great with pluses and minuses to each depending on your particular play style.  My personal favorite is the heavy flamer it has got to be one of the best flamethrowers I have ever used in a game.  Melee is fun at times but I enjoy shooting more.The AI is passable not extremely great but not super terrible either sometimes they fight really well and other times they seem to get their asses kicked.I like the hidden relics because it gives the player a reason to explore the really large levels they have designed instead of just rushing from objective point to objective point.Hacking guns are in my opinion totally pointless as they will shoot you if you do not take them over.  Why the developer did not have the gun become friendly to you by hacking it to help you kill genestealers is a mystery to me so I just destroy them if I scan and find them so it will add to my overall score at the end of the mission. Hacking doors on the other hand I find very helpful you can use thost to bottleneck genestealers in tight hallways and burn the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.There are many different types of genestealers but they look a lot alike if that makes sense but they all have different abilities that they use during battle and when a horde of them attack it is very hectic and makes for a lot of fun and gore which is great because the bodies don't dissapear when you blow them up.All in all I recommend this game because I find it fun it ran well for me and the price is not very expensive for a game that just came out.  Hopefully we will get some good DLC content to add levels and story to the game, or maybe they will do like DooM and add a snap map type function so players game make their own maps and objectives for people to download and play to give the game some replayability as probably after I get through this game once it will be a long time before I play through it again.Hopefully they will improve the multiplayer aspect of it to give the game more life because this game would be 10 times more fun if you were playing with friends."
76561198124718201,Recommended,298900,31759176,Posted: 14 May,all,An Angry Tanuki,To start things off i love this game.When this game first released after about 2 hours it was like meh im done not enough content. this is a very stunning and well made game which upsets me about the amount of hate its getting.At this point in time i think its only going to get better. Was it worth the 60 bucks at the start but now very much so.
76561198111311884,Recommended,298900,31802401,Posted: 17 May,all,davidapea,"The game is not great, but its not terrible either. I wished they had more aspects into it such as the upgrades, better team AI etc. but I'll list my points here:The Good:The Genestealers and its AI are well programmed and aggressive, even on higher difficulties provide a good challenge for hardcore players.The Space Hulk's atmoshpere and detail is how it should be in a game like WH40K: dark, gritty and ultra violent and perhaps the best I have ever seen in a level design.The multiplayer does provide a challenge and co-ordination with a very good and co-operative team, which is a needed requirement to stay alive on harder difficulties.The collectibles to find in this game do make this worthwhile; you can explore the ship at your own leisure.The guns and weapons are perhaps the best I have seen used in a FPS. Slaying enemies make them satisfying to use.The spells have shorter cooldowns and are strong to boot; players should not be afraid to use this often.This is not a hack or slash game with repetive attacking. You are forced to play slow.The bad:Checkpoints suck; I don't like starting again after a failed mission. But hey, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥right?Your favourite weapon is your weakness because the enemies get stronger every next level and not all of them are effective against the stronger ones; sometimes forcing you to use different weapons and guns.The story is a bit weak and could use more impactive scenes i.e. how the genestealers killed the SMTs, what were the SMT motives, who are the leaders of the genestealers etc.The leveling system in the multiplayer is pointless, it's just a system for you to equip better weapons.Your main body points to die are the head and chest and they are hit very often by the enemies, which...well make the health system pointless too.Some of the weapons suck♥♥♥♥♥such as the fist, plasma cannon, redemption and mace, they are very slow to attack with and speed is an important factor to this game.The parry is often quite difficult to master, but at times you won't even use it as much.You will die alot if you play like a kamikaze idiot thinking the emperor is going to protect you. The emperor abhors stupidity.Too many commands to give to your AI teammates; at times you'll just use two or three at best.Your teammates AI suck in combat, leaving you to do the hardwork.Despite this I'd still recommend it, but if so, buy it if you're a fan, but wait for a price drop otherwise."
76561197966219050,Not Recommended,298900,29029511,Posted: 5 January,all,Fixa (Iva),Average at bestAgain it seems like more time was spent on the advertising then macking the game funIt becomes a slog just to get to the end of each level and I have trouble doing a second in the same sitting.I am a 40K fan since paper based game and that part is good with good art work but after that runs out the game looses its fun fairly fast and becomes a below average FPS.I have stopped playing in the hope its gets beter with age but I would be happy with a refund at this point.I really must stop handing money over to hype style early access sales on early 90s reboots
76561198008185773,Not Recommended,298900,29115829,Posted: 8 January,all,Mahtix,"This Game is broken..frame rates drop under 20 even with monster machines and video cards. i have i7 and geforce1070. multiplayer does not work at all.. this game would be amazing if it would work, but it doesnt, so there you go. dont buy untill it fixed."
76561198009468479,Not Recommended,298900,29109731,Posted: 7 January,all,Purifier,very disappointing release for End2016.- too much clipping errors (that can be done way better in 2016...see other Games)- underwhelming 40K atmosphere- KI brothers are more Dummy's then real support- sword swing is clunky+ some nice effects on weapons (that's it)defenitly not worth for 40 bucks...
76561197961056680,Recommended,298900,28444564,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Walph,So there are a few bugs at launch which made our first coop session a little frustrating but we worked around them and I'm so glad we did as this is an awesome exprerience in coop.It is really faithful to the lore and in a weird way the original board game really giving the feel of having to tactically move while still being a full fps.Definitely recommended if you have friends to play with but you might want to wait for the first patch to sort out some of the bigger issues with performance and crashing.
76561198048091853,Not Recommended,298900,28368627,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Akrythael,"I've been waiting for so long for this game to be released to finally be so disappointed.Here is why:- Gameplay feels clunky, sluggish and lackluster (especially for the melee part of it)- Bad ragdoll physics for tyrannids is just breaking game immersion- There is no real story, you're just a random Psyker with no background, you don't really know who you are and why the hell you're in the Deathwing- It doesn't seem to have any real character progression (I saw that you could unlock new weapons and psychic skills, but meh...) and I read that the multiplayer aspect is even worse cause your progression is reset everytime you enter a new map- UI is so poorly designed, I have no word for it. It's a real pain to use the order system and to navigate in menus. You don't even know how to open the menu while in game (or if even if it's possible) and your remaining ammos are moving with your weapon instead of being fixed on your HUD- You don't even know how to save your game and you don't really know when your last auto save was- 1 hour in the game to finally be able to shoot on something else than a training dummy in the tutorial after losing a lot of playtime wandering in labyrinthine, empty corridors- The experience is globally boring, there is no action except when waves of dumb AI tyrannids appears and then die, and no interraction with your environment except doors to open or smash- AI was meant to be highly developped with a complex hive-mind-like system, but it doesn't seem to be the caseThe only positive aspects of the game are that they have respected the W40K atmosphere, ambiance and universe, and that the game has quite good visuals and is immersive.I'd definitely recommand to buy this game when some improvements are made or with an interesting discount. Or if you're a huge fan of W40K and you don't care about playing a game like this just for the immersive part of it.Maybe I'll buy it when it will be worth giving my money for it.But for now, it's just simply a refund. It's so sad, cause it's my first refund ever."
76561198110470114,Recommended,298900,28369026,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gimmick,"If you are looking for a perfectly executed fps shooter, look elsewhere.  No one in the world can do that on launch.If you are looking for a game that would immerse you in the Warhammer 40k universe, this game is for you. I mean comeon... you get to walk around as a powerful terminator and kill floods of Xenos.My only complaints right now are the UI design and some hiccups when it comes to multiplayer.  I always have to reinvite my friend in the game I host, because he gets booted out as soon as we deploy onto the mission.  It may be because I'm from the US and he is in EU.  I'm sure that will be fixed.Anyways, as far as I am concerned, this game has such high potential, and I'd love to see more of its kind.  Kudos to the developers.  Highly recommended for any Warhammer 40k fan."
,Recommended,298900,32940471,Posted: 28 June,all,koyima,"Finished it in about 9 hours and I really felt like I was on a Spacehulk. Huge Cathedral space ship full of xenos.Good stuff in general, a sequel could be perfect if they fix the issues below:- it needs a bit of work in the cinematics, dialog and general narrative department. Heads are missing animation and hidden behind scanlines etc.- guns don't have enough weight/recoil etc Reloading animations are non-existent. Both these have to do with the reality of simulating a spacemarine, but I think a look at how overwatch handles these things would be good for the sequel (there is a GDC talk on it).- enemies getting hit feel a bit weightless at times, but not with all weapons.- more variety to the lines said by your teammates would help (I know ""We are the angels of death"", but it got repetitive after a while)All in all a good start to what can become a good FPS franchise, especially if the team is also able to include more enemy races."
76561198006656584,Not Recommended,298900,28852279,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wrathalos,"I hope the devs can work on this more, a little more time and polish, and they might be able to pull something nice out of it. At the moment though: If you want a multiplayer Warhammer game get Vermintide, if you want a scifi shooter game get DOOM, but if you really need spacehulk just get the board game. Until this is game is either heavily patched or heavily discounted it's just not worth it yet. Which is sad, because this really is a near perfect representation of the board game, if it was a FPS. That experience though, plodding down dark corridors to repeatedly mow down waves of baddies, just doesn't hold up much."
76561197970435474,Recommended,298900,28405262,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Vargas78,"The last update has improved my performance quite a lot, and as a result i'm enjoying it a lot more now and am having fun with the single player campaign. The game does a good job of making you feel like a terminator in a space hulk as well. Though admittedly I am a big 40k fan so that makes the setting is very appealing to me. Someone who is not that into 40k or Space Hulk may find the gameplay somewhat lacklustre compared to other shooters on the market but it also does offer some different kind of gameplay to the average shooter. It helps to be tactical and know how to command your squad mates.I previously withheld from recommending it because of the performance issues but I now feel that I can. Multiplayer is done by local hosting though, so getting a good online game isn't always that straight forward. It helps to make friends or join groups, and have the person with the best upload speed host the game."
,Recommended,298900,34834110,Posted: 9 September,all,RainHeavy,Best 40k fps put there
76561197991849596,Not Recommended,298900,28439656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Blasphamateur,"Clunky and boring, extremely disappointed. ""Rise of the Terminators"" trailer was the best thing out of this game. Thanks for the refund, Steam."
,Not Recommended,298900,28439871,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,박인정,"This game is a total BS hype disappointment like another ""no man's sky"" especially for those who pre-ordered."
,Not Recommended,298900,28438923,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CosmoSloth,"I cannot recommend this game until they fix the current CPU bug. My game consistantly causes my CPU to max out, and as of such, any combat is unplayable, even on the lowest settings. Pleaes fix this problem."
,Not Recommended,298900,28439646,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Entropy,"I did not actually have any of the FPS problems that others are mentioning (GTX 1080 if that's relevant), but I found the game overall to be predictable and repetitive."
76561198053236570,Recommended,298900,28450475,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hop2it,NEW TO 40KLOVING THE GAME PLAYLOVING THE STORYso it has a few bugs but they will be fixed im sure. i wasnt able to play co-op with my friend due to a bug my friend would have issues tell the game would kick him then it would say he was still ingame.setting that aside this game is beautiful and fun.
76561198006942801,Recommended,298900,33818064,Posted: 26 July,all,Fafanori,"game is great. overall needs some work here and there. but its still fun. if you like 40k and left for dead style gameplay. you'll like this. its very simple ""go from point A to point B"" with some rpg/squad elements thrown in. ive had a few issues so far with giving commands (healer doesnt want to heal, etc.) nothing that being paient, or a simple restart of the game, wont fix thats for sure! I've heard from my friends that theres some issues with 360/xbone controllers (issues with sensitivity and the tutorial not showing them what buttons do what) nothing some adjustments in the controller settings and looking over the keybindings cant fix and im also sure there will be future patches that make theses better as well since console edition is coming."
,Recommended,298900,33826614,Posted: 27 July,all,Dr. Badnews,"this is one of the very few games that made me actually feel like I was in a power armor...SURE, you are heavy and you can't jump, but this is the proper warhammer 40k world experience :D"
76561198010038242,Recommended,298900,34000367,Posted: 3 August,all,Hype,"It's an awesome game, especially for fans of the Warhammer 40k universe. Each Patch improved the game and made it better and better. I highly recommend it for fans of Warhammer 40k and for people who look for a left4dead like coop-game."
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,298900,35197122,Posted: 24 September,all,wolfinston85,"This is a review for single player, no multiplayer, sorry…Either way.The problem that I have with Space Hulk: Deathwing it’s not in the core of the game as much as it is in it’s performance, as people have already mentioned in the hundreds of other reviews you can find on Steam, the performance has been improved ever since the game’s release.The problem?To say the performance of this game has been improved up to a tolerable degree is relative to say the least, that on one side, on the other, the game’s performance in the beginning was terrible, for the most part the game couldn’t even hold a stable framerate while “staring” at certain directions on the map.Eventually I had to either return the game, or simply uninstall the game from my “demo test”…Read whatever you want into that.This whole series of problems it’s a terrible thing that otherwise hinders a great game, it gets a bit repetitive at times, but not in the sense that it kills the experience or the enjoyment from pushing through waves, and waves of enemies, as much in the sense that when analyzed the game doesn’t really have anything else going for it.The story it’s not something I really tend to pay attention to this games, so really anything I tell you about it would be a lie.But in terms of just the actions that you partake in while playing the game, there really isn’t there anything else to do other than to murder waves of enemies, and watch the exaggerated gore effects splattering around, blood, everywhere.You can upgrade your character, with different guns, as well as melee weapons, there’s some really cool one’s, but at the start you only have a few.You get this weapons by finishing chapters/missions in the game, there’s a rating, also, at the end of each of them, but I’m not really sure if it affects any of the rewards you get, plus in every mission I’ve played it didn’t really score me “poorly” in any of them.There’s also “relics” and generally, collectibles that you can find in each mission.The real “meat” of the game tho, as I said before, is in the gunplay, and in the progression through each mission.The atmosphere it’s fantastic, and the graphics are great, but really what I loved the most about the game is how violent and gruesome it’s gameplay is, it’s empowering and it really succeeds in giving you the illusion that you’re inside the shoes of a huge Space Marine.There’s also skill points that you can fill out with points that you get after each mission, there are three different skill trees that benefit you and your allies in different ways.Overall it’s a pretty good product (or work) all around.So why am I giving it a negative review even if I enjoyed the game so much?Because I want the support for the game to not stop, and I can’t accept a great game like this one, that I like both “objectively” as well as “subjectively” being forgotten by the developers.So far they’ve been fairly supportive providing several different improvements after the game’s launch.But I really don’t what to add to the several voices that are creating a chorus of positivity, around a game that still withholds some strong problems, and issues, with it’s performance, at times with a single gtx 970 at the lowest settings I reached less than 30 framerate’s per second, it wasn’t frequent, but it happened, and even if it didn’t last more than around 5 seconds or so, it still was a problem that was present.Fast forward to me maxing the game out with all settings turned to the highest they can go (except for the fov set at 80), and there wasn’t any change in the framerate, none at all, and if there was, it was minimal at that, 3 framerate’s or so.Generally, I love the game, I really enjoy it, but it’s because of my enjoyment, and the love that I have for it that I have to not recommend it and recommend YOU, the consumer, the player, the… “Gamer” to get it on a deep sale, IF, and only IF you have a powerful machine, or a “mid-to high” range one when it comes to your specs.I genuinely hope the developers keep supporting the game until all of the performance issues, if not most of them, get resolved, otherwise what we have here it’s a fun game that’s been unnecessarily buried inside an absurd amount of problems that need to be fixed."
,Recommended,298900,35235218,Posted: 26 September,all,HumanShield,"Pros:Excellent environmental designGood graphicsDecent sound design40kCons:BYO friends to play with because there are currently no active serversGunplay is a little sluggishMelee combat not smooth at allSingle player is alright, if short.  I think you'll get more mileage out of it though if you bring 3 friends."
76561198088858428,Not Recommended,298900,28446231,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cabro,"Look at my steam icon. This is what I think of this game, the game developers, and GW for allowing this **** game to be put out with so many problems.Buy this game of you enjoy any of the following:-Numerous bugs where you can't shoot, sprint, attack. But can still be attacked and killed.-Obscene memory leaks where it locks up your entire machine, not just the game client or steam for that matter. (this is ****ing 2016. The level of technology and know-how to solve this shouldn't be a problem anymore. LAZY PROGRAMING.)-Critical/Fatal game crashes. Because reasons. (more noob programming in this age of technology.)-That feel of a early access game where you buy a polished turd and wonder why you can't have a heavy flamer when you NEED it for the massive cluster****s of mobs all over your screen.Seriously. Just don't bother with this game until GW grows a pair and starts policing their contracted game developer companies to do a proper job. Because at this point, I'd much rather jump on a band wagon for a class-action suit against them  (GW) and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who kicked this game out with all these faults that rob the gameplay entirely.(keep in mind, I WANT to play this game, but these bugs and failures of the game devs who dropped a galactic sized ball on it's launch take any drive to want to play it right out of it like a black hole sucking the life out of the♥♥♥♥♥♥ of 666mil dead babies. yes already dead babies having the life sucked out of them again. that's how bad this is.)"
76561197987008905,Recommended,298900,28383385,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Battle Buddha,"I am liking the game so far. People need to cool their jets and let their soup cool before taking to the forums for a witch burning. It's the game's first day. In the coming weeks and months, we will see optimizations as well as tweaks and bug patches. People who have played the game for less than a few hours are marching to the devs and demanding their money back for lack of a patch that might come out next week. Guys.....GUYS!! Keep calm and purge on.."
,Recommended,298900,29991372,Posted: 17 February,all,tinyderangedgoldfish,"It certainly needs polish, but what I have played I enjoyed or could handle.The main campaign needs work. There is not really any depth to it.I would like more weapons, certainly.I would also like to see requisition points for completeing missions.Something to gather and spend ot upgrade or buy things or items for other missions.Again, I had a fun time. In both MP and SP.I hope to see this finished and built further upon.Please. This is me begging for this to be good."
,Recommended,298900,30027817,Posted: 18 February,all,Suiseiseki,"I had a ton of fun with this game. If you are a fan of 40k, especially lore, and especially dark angels, you will probably enjoy this. I was lucky enough to not experience most of the bugs im seeing in the comments though. I only had a few crashes through the game.To someone who isn't into 40k it probably feels slow, confusing, and monotonous. But to a 40k vet, you truly feel like a lumbering and powerful astartes terminator, walking through the great halls of an ancient spae hulk, striking down the enemy xenos scum who dare stand in your way. A little annoyed the weapons weren't as customizable as I had hoped, for example you can only use the medics medic gun with one weapon, and you can't use the sword with more weapons either, was hoping for some more combination between left and right guns, and it did feel a rather bit on the short side, but other than that, I had a ton of fun, and pretty much played the game exclusively from start to finish before moving onto anything else, which I find rare these days. It kept my focus, so I gotta give it a thumbs up!"
76561197984175338,Not Recommended,298900,28863927,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cmun,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME. I asked for a refund after I checked this game was definitely not what they showed in the trailer. The game is not well optimized so you get lag even if you have a good new gaming pc. The XP system is a big bad idea, no progress because you start from 0 your XP in every match. The Coop mode is not well designed: you enter a map unconnected with the others. You can start at the map level you want (map 3, map 1, map 5, etc) so there's no incentive to play the coop mode because there is not a coop campaign cool mode."
,Not Recommended,298900,29730249,Posted: 5 February,all,Hikarian,"Well, game release 14. dec 2016 first and last tiny patch 21. dec 2016This game could have been amazing, everything for an amazing game is there,BUT its not working the game has technical and gameplayissues.If you want to play this in Coop forget it, singleplayer might work if youre lucky.Do not buy it, it looks like the developers abandoned it, if this gets another patchand its summer sale this might be worth a shot."
,Not Recommended,298900,28865222,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sanpika,It is as though a thousand mouths cry out in pain in my head every time I play it!
,Recommended,298900,28406933,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,HighestOfCommands,"I cannot say that expectacions were met. After seeing the community in a WAAAGH! over the state of the BETA I must say I did expect something different. I feel like I am in a alternate dimension where I do not meet the issues plagued and described by others. We spend 6 Hours yeasterday with my wife cleaning the inside of the Hulk, one wave after another, playing as it was ment to be played on hardest setting.I never experienced anything like it. The neighbours eighter. 4 AM and the blood of the Heretic filth was flowing in my home at the pompous sound of Enya and the soundrack of Space Marine. Each bolt a precision, each stain on the wall a gloryfication of the emperor himself.We are about to be evicted... We need a round 2 tonight for sure. We do not want this moment ever to end."
76561197998045407,Recommended,298900,28396669,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Helmseye,"Well here it is, after many  versions of this game have been made over the years to try and replicate the Alien film atmosphere and the joy of being in Terminator Armour here is DeathwingAs a diehard 40k lore and game freak am I impressed?YES!Now i have to admit I am nor a fps grognard so cannot really compare to other such games although I have done alot of skyrim and fallout series games.Was I immeresed in the atmosphere : YESWas I terrified by the sound efffects : Yesdid I notice that one of the ships was from the 22nd Cadians and therefore had livery depicting an ancient battle against Chaos Marines on a banner? : YesMy multiplayer experience has also been enjoyable but I did tire of it after a while due to FPS not really being my thing but the Campaign has me engrossedI am very impressed with the care to detail, amazing graphics hard difficulty in killing genestealers and the skill tree optionsI highly reccomend to any 40k fan"
,Not Recommended,298900,28473826,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,choosyporch,Netcode and lobby system on this is garbage
76561197991807119,Not Recommended,298900,28436792,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,KingWillie,"Just refunded mine.Might give it a shot in a few more months (because at a min. we are talking about 6 months to get it where it needs to be), but most likely I won't. I can't trust the devs, so that's kinda the end of this one for me.Even without the optimization issues, the weapons are floaty, melee is AWFUL, and the AI for squadmates is literally non-existant (like having hollow robo-suits you even have to tell where to stand, not like a brother in battle at all). The only thing wose than this game being so poorly optimized and generally poorly crafted are the blind fanboys that defend devs like this no matter what they do. The only way to stop this kind of bs is to hold the devs accountable and put their feet to the fire. Every critique they get right now they 110% deserve. The game repeatedly crashed on their release live stream, so even THEIR rigs weren't running effeciently. Like, seriously? How can anyone defend that?I'll be speaking with my wallet, and spending that pre-order money somewhere else. I suggest all current owners also refund, and people looking at purchasing the game wait a few months and see if the devs remain incompetent. Which is extremely likely.This kind of practice is only common-place because we, as consumers, allow them to do it."
76561198102783019,Recommended,298900,28420835,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OneMonkey,"The gameplay itself is fine, acceptable, satisfactory. The UI, options, and controls feel like they are from a beta version. There is partial controller support, if you care, but no options to make adjustments to it. And can I please have an option to turn off the film grain effect?"
,Not Recommended,298900,28366150,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[Ƭŋƈϣ] Jackass,"I feel bad for giving this a negative review.Before I start, I'd like to say that I am fully aware, that my in-game hours are very low.First of all, you play as a spacemarine. A SPACE MARINE! Yet you can't sprint for very long and you can get killed by tiny bloody machine guns. Disappointing already.Secondly, the weapons don't feel very powerfu at all. The guns sounds boring and powerlacking. They don't shred though tons of enemies, as we all would've loved.Overall, many things just don't feel right.THE LEVEL DESIGN IS ♥♥♥♥ING GREATNow... To the biggest problem of them all.OPTIMIZATIONI have an Asus Strix 1070 aswell as an i5 6600K, yet I cannot get above 60 fps (on high) when enemies swarm. That is disappointing.It COULD be a great game, but it's not. That's my conclusion.Sorry."
76561198005487987,Recommended,298900,28851295,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Intsanius,"Great game! The immersion is so good you really feel like being one of the terminators. Every step on the space hulk is great.- Story: 9/10 (the lore and the story was just fantastic for any W40k fan, the only disappointment for me was not enough lore-description on a few things)- Audio: 10/10 (awesome, especially with headphones to hear every little cracking of the hulk)- Video: 9/10 (best W40k first person level design ever imho)- Action: 10/10 (hordes!)- ""FPS-RPG"" elements: 6/10 (this could be done better at least in sense of being able to equip your followers with all available weapons, having the Nahum to be able to heal even with different equipment, not just one weapon)- Tension: 7/10 (playing in the dark feels sometimes quite creepy)- ""Quest"" Variety: 5/10 (but this is Space Hulk, you are here to purge xenos, not to pick 5 flowers)- AI: 6/10 (they are quite good if you order them around a lot, I definitely advice to use the hotkeys, the most useful commands are ""Follow"", ""Move To"" and ""Defend"", the former is especially useful if you want the AI to actually do some fighting, otherwise they are quite crap on their own)- Length: 8/10 (just enough, not too short, not too dragging, 14 hours with 70% of major artifacts picked on normal difficulty)- Performance: 10/10 (played on i7-6700, GTX970, 16GB RAM, SSD with absolutely no issues with performance)"
,Not Recommended,298900,29833649,Posted: 10 February,all,Cell,"If you enjoy giving your money to developers that don't care about you, or giving you the product you asked for, then go right ahead and give them their money. The game does not work for more than 50% of the community, so yeah... Nice job developers."
76561198006565075,Not Recommended,298900,29333865,Posted: 18 January,all,Teh Popzeh,i feel similar to D-Fens from falling down.
,Not Recommended,298900,29505918,Posted: 26 January,all,Hughesy,"This game is poop aka not good, very bad, avoid at all costs.Unless of course you have a memory like Guy Pearce in the film Memento (2000) or a goldfish. That way when your memory resets after 5 minutes of playing, it will seem all new and exciting again, not repetitive and boring like it actually is."
76561197987966593,Not Recommended,298900,28435288,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Synthetic_Venom,"I will be quick with this review. If you ignore performance issues game looks half done,rushed and needs to be polished more.Multiplayer needs ALOT of work to come to the level of Vermintide. Wait for patches,DLCs and sale to buy this game."
76561197961448521,Not Recommended,298900,28435462,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cpl  Punishment,"This game has too many bugs to be playable in SP:  Squad mates get stuck in walls and pipes rendering them useless which then diminishes much needed firepower when attacked,  crashes after loading screens, losing your DLC weapon load out after hacking a turret thus leaving you with the standard load out, losing key rebindings which forces you to direct your squad mates using the incredibly clunky order wheel.I 'played' this game for 4 hrs, at least 1 of which was spent trying to sort out the key binding issue and also seeing if I could somehow dislodge my assault cannon guy from various barrels, pipes, boxes, walls etc cos you really really need him when you get swarmed.  Another hour was lost in loading screens trying to salvage my autosaves (which are far too far apart) from the crashing issue.At first I was loving it, the graphics are amazing and the atmosphere is intense - exactly what I wanted from a Space Marine FPS game.  Imagine then my disappointment as a 20 + year WH40K fanatic who saw this game tick all the right boxes only to have one of his squad mates get stuck in said box (repeatedly) leaving my remaining guy barely directable as a mega horde of genestealers bit my face off (repeatedly).I cannot recommend this game as yet.  If a hefty patch is released to fix the issues then I'll probably change my mind as I so want to play a playable, stable version of Deathwing.If you want a space age FPS squad based shooter at this moment in time then try Star Wars Republic Commando because they got that right first time."
76561198043118926,Not Recommended,298900,28435411,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Atchy,"Sadly I think I'm going to have to refund this one. I created a ""First Impressions"" pair of videos for my Youtube channel featuring my first 1 and a half hours in the game. It was promising to begin with but once the combat started the game quickly falls apart. I am only interested in the single player and thought most of the negative comments here reflected poor performance in multiplayer, but I'm sad to say it seems to extend beyond that.I may pick this up on sale at a later date as I can see theres a perfectly compitant game there just waiting to be realized. But the asking price now is just far too steep for what it is in my opinion. For the same price you can get the new Doom which destroys this title in about every feild.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a0mrBJ5Wxw"
76561197993784027,Not Recommended,298900,28366314,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Tephotar,"This game is simply not finished yet.Game lacks overall progress, immersion and replayability.Hope this will be fixed, because i really like the concept.(Based mostly on Multiplayer experience)"
76561198006913813,Recommended,298900,31857932,Posted: 20 May,all,GoReFeST,"This game really captures the feeling of being a space marine in a claustraphobic environment.  I am amazed by the attention to detail.  Graphics are gorgeous, ambience is really amazing.  Co-op neccessitates the squad working together naturally.Thank you for bringing to life what I was only able to imagine playing the turn based games before, in such an exquisite and enjoyable way.  The platform you have created is an amazing foundation for more content, I hope to see expansions or DLC."
76561198042213929,Not Recommended,298900,28420083,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Moebius,"Don't believe the trailers, they're all lies. Wait for a deep deep discount if you're interested do not buy at full price!Game is very buggy, Crashes constantly. Not optimized very well. Multiplayer campaign is a pale imitation of the single player campaign with most of the features from the single player game missing like story, upgrades, weapons, classes. Game has no voice chat and for some reason it even blocks voice chat in steam ( probably because of the poor optimization of the net code.Net code is VERY unstable and i have not been able to get past the first level regardless if i host or not as the game constantly crashes during the finale.Graphics and frame rate all over the place with character models freezing in place or animations being locked in place.This game is in no way ready for release and needs at least another 6 months of patching."
76561198009027618,Not Recommended,298900,28491083,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,R-Bull™_El _Schnarcho,"1 st game ever that I refunded.Released before christmas just to get as much cash flow as possible, even if it doesn t make fun in the state it is now.After more than 20 years of WH40K this is so disappointing because it had all the chances to become something really extraordinary and special.Maybe after 6 months of patching I ll give it a 2nd look but until than I can t recommend it."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387361,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Monibo,Singleplayer is not bad. But Multiplayer does not work. Connection problem always occurs.
76561197995570078,Not Recommended,298900,28520798,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fracture,cant even start the game everything else starts bar space hulk i mean evertyting. kind of disapointed a completed game was not released id like a refund............ untill all problems are fixed
,Recommended,298900,28404225,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Adam,"tl;dr: I'm a complete Warhammer newbie. This is everything that makes Space Beast Terror Fright fun, only set in a detailed (if testosterone-heavy) universe, and with staggeringly gorgeous levels. Holy crap fun.You know what made Mad Max: Fury Road such a kickass movie? It wasn't just the nonstop action, but the depth of the universe in which it was happening. The director wrote extensive backstories for even minor characters, which adds real weight to everything they say and do. My point is, it makes a huge difference to stories, especially simple ones, when the universe is properly fleshed out.Space Hulk: Deathwing immediately made me think of Mad Max. The objectives themselves are simple - get to this part of an abandoned ship, do a thing, wait for further orders - but every atom feels like it's part of a bigger world, lightyears from a generic shooter. They're meaningful in some separate narrative. Weapons have actual histories. The levels feel like giant sections of once-operated ships, not linear corridors. Even the dumb lines uttered by your allies reference grand wars fought for millennia. Sure, it's a testosterone-feulled, war-loving, mech-knight batefest, but they've put so much heart, soul, effort and polish into this testosterone-feulled, war-loving, mech-knight batefest!I highly recommend this game, for its everything - its chaotic and tactical core gameplay, its silly but colossally detailed universe, its wonderful graphics and level design. Really glad I took a chance on this."
76561198007504378,Recommended,298900,34711930,Posted: 3 September,all,Spindle,"Great game, If you like warhammer and the thought of wandering around a space hulk in a group of terminators is appealing this is the game for you.Runs well (on my 1070 it rarely drops below 60fps), fun to play, great to experience.  Graphics are great.For a single player experience it's great, not so sure about the multiplayer."
76561197999067407,Not Recommended,298900,28397878,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Neonshuffler,I beat the entire MP mode in 75 mintues. The population atm is barley 3k people online (its was 11k before people started getting refunds) add to that the game is region locked and the boom no multiplayer games at all for me.
,Not Recommended,298900,28437402,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Puddle,Average game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps.  Had to drink a cup of bleach after playing this.
76561198074780299,Recommended,298900,32795974,Posted: 25 June,all,tj10,"Never meant to be a $60 game, and was never priced there as far as I can remember.  It stays true to lore, game functions well, looks great, and can be a pretty fun slay fest, oh, and the devs are still with it (big bonus in my book).  So honestly, the game is worth it.  Goes on sale a lot too.  Oh, and Dark Angels are the best faction so yeah I'm a little biased.edit:So as things have gone on they have added more content for free, things nearly unseen in Warhammer games, and this content has come with gameplay fixes that have made the game even more fun than it was.  Interrogator Chaplain was an awesome patch and added a class that is way cool and along with the rest of the patch added more fun flexibility to choosing how you outfit your team.  Don't have to have an apothecary anymore if you don't want and playing as an apothecary is no longer the pain in the butt that it used to be.  I think this game would would benefit from some sort of benefits for leveling up in multiplayer, and honestly, from the way certain things look I think the devs are already headed in that direction but that is speculation on my part.  Regardless, this last patch shows what the devs are putting into this game to make it great and makes me anticipate future patches and releases for this game!"
76561198008632897,Not Recommended,298900,28483597,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Michael Scott,Like most people I was hoping this game to be like Vermintide but in 40K. Or at least enjoyable. Or at the very least NOT BORING. Or not less than zero Immersion.Do yourself a favor and play less than 2 hours so you can refund this piece of space junk.
76561198116957462,Not Recommended,298900,29014087,Posted: 4 January,all,Rick Sanchez,"Since buying this game I have been able to play it for less than an hour due to the game being poorly optimised since release. I'm running an gtx 1080 and still have constant FPS spikes, dropping below 30 most of the time when a group of enemies attack.♥♥♥♥ this game in it's current state, honestly don't know where they get off trying to rob people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t releases like this."
76561198021617723,Recommended,298900,30319155,Posted: 4 March,all,Admiral Xanos,"Total gorefest with solid gameplay. The graphics are incredible and the level design is extremely detailed. The gore is prolific, with every creature being dismemberable and most guns are overkill for the swarms. I was shooting down a corridor exploding heads, arms, and legs. When I ceased fire I started walking through the piles of alien body parts, watching my metal legs pushing it all aside. What really struck me was that I no longer heard the sound of metal boots against a metal floor, but instead the sloshing through pools of blood.As for gameplay, its a great shooter with a moderate arsenal to choose from. The Ai is ""meh"" they try to overwhelm you with numbers which is fine since they seem so animalistic. As far as story I would compare this game most closely to Quake II's campaign mode. (which was freaking great in co-op) While the story elements are minimal they do give you a reason for fighting and moving farward. But obviously this game has a lot of lore to draw from, so it is a bit of a let down that its not more fleshed out.Overall I think the game is really fun to play."
76561198101743320,Not Recommended,298900,28416693,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fail Knight NoobLord,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is definately something you should get if you want to slay some Xenos filth and have a good time while doing it. But for now put a hold on that Xenos slaying until they fix the game breaking bugs and connection issues.The game is going to be great once they fix the major standing issues so anybody who hasn't bought it yet wait like a month first so they can fix the issues with the game. Trust me, if you play now you might quickly decide it's a bad game because of some issues at first release. Let them fix the bugs and make it into the great game it's supposed to be.Definately will give this a positive review once they fix the ""can't do anything but walk"" bug and the connection issues in multiplayer. After all everytime I played it was a great experience...until I got bugged or disconnected... lol, still fun however."
76561197970763385,Recommended,298900,30534426,Posted: 15 March,all,DC,"Single player seems ok, but I also do not know much about Warhammer 40k in all honesty. I'd say it's worth the sale price story seems a little lacking but it's that way in most FPS shooters now days. I have spent a lot more of worse games so I'll give it the thumbs up at the sale price. Reminds me a bit of old school Doom."
,Recommended,298900,29621307,Posted: 31 January,all,Greyling,"quite fun, even it is pretty expensive!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28380458,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheTorchwood,"So far, glitches where you cannot shoot or melee that haven't been fixed from the ""beta"" and fatal errors that crash to desktop when simply pressing I to enter your inventory.  This game is a mess of a launch and is barely playable at this point."
,Not Recommended,298900,28380490,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Wilcar,stay away.  i love Warhammer but the name almost feels cursed when it comes to video games.Pros: GraphicsCons: EVERYTHING ELSEwarhammer online.. warrhammer crusade..vermintide..now this.. as a warhammer fan this hurts
,Recommended,298900,28405377,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,plastic cock,hard space men with big pew pews :-] ok
76561197998204584,Not Recommended,298900,28400562,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ivan Molotov,I'll get more enjoyment out of eating 3 kebabs and then dumping them out my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a toilet than spending more hours on this game.Refunded.
76561198079639294,Not Recommended,298900,29586928,Posted: 30 January,all,Khrum,"Support From steam is some joke?Requested refund 2 times and getting same automated respond as extended game play above 2h.It looks like no one is bother to read explanation! This game wont lunch on my pc and all this 3h was just attempts to launch it, each time waiting 10-20 min in loading loop and game not start.Only once was able to see main menu but game crash just after. Want my refund not another automated respond . New ticket is open!This support is realy annoying!!!!!"
76561198071404254,Not Recommended,298900,28414126,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Berserk,The Mic get hi-jacked and cant use steam chat because of this and theres no way to turn mic off in game so you can use steam chat please fix this as i as lots of others have paid money for the game and cant get a full ride.5 of 10 i rate this if this issue fixed the i would give a higher review
,Not Recommended,298900,28399935,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,party_steve,"at it's core it's a very simplistic game but with a fantastic atmosphere, I don't reccomend because in it's current state it's plagued with fps issues and crashes. Kinda sad since I had high hopes due to the developers are the ones behind EYE Divine Cybermancy which is a fantastic game."
76561198006526336,Recommended,298900,30653087,Posted: 21 March,all,Dzarkoth,"Look, it has its problems. There are quite a few little niggling UI things that don't make a lot of sense. It's weird that you can't customise your squad loadouts like you should be able to. The progression system feels like an afterthought (they could have done so much more with Relics). And it's repetitive (although really, what else is there for a Space Marine to do in an infested Space Hulk full of 'nids?).But by the Lion this is probably the best 40k game I've played in terms of theme, atmosphere and the sheer thrill of feeling like a Terminator. The plodding footsteps of your TDA, the voice acting, the screeches of Genestealers, the bark of stormbolters...All the little details scattered all over the place really make the game feel like it was made by people who know and love the lore. As a long time player of 40k, I must say I am impressed.The state the game was realeased in at launch was disappointing and I was crushed when I saw those first reviews roll in late last year. It looked unfinished and the devs could have been more honest about it functionally coming out as a beta. But while it took them a while, they've been great at listening to the community. Fortunately I haven't experienced the crashes and fps drop others have, so either they've fixed most of those issues or my pc is punching way above those of the average Deathwing player.Keep this on your wishlist for the next sale if you're at all skeptical. For me, the shortfalls were jarring at first but the solid gameplay and attention to detail made them fade into the background."
,Not Recommended,298900,29576661,Posted: 29 January,all,Sanguine Demon,"This is a piece of crap game, and I am heartbroken that I paid for the pre-order just to get a DLC Mace that is stat wise EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE STARTING POWERFIST. I seriously want to puke at how terrible this was. Don't let my stats fool you, I live in a remote area and have played quite a bit offline. I would not recommend this game to my worst enemy, let alone some random person for whom I hold no malice.-10/10"
76561198032135881,Recommended,298900,28463347,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,brule,Its a great Space Hulk Game if somewhat unforgiving.I am playing the Campaign runmning it with Graphics maxed without a hitch.I have not tried Co Op yet but think it might be a great experiance if I can find players nearbyAs this is Primarily a Spacehulk Game its not comparable to Shooters such as CoD or even games like Rage.On my wish list for the Campaign:Better Saves or Save pointsSmarter Team matesA hot keyable command system (prctice will make perfect eventually)to see Relics on my Mini map (who wants to die over again trying find out where they all are)I love the Immersive SpaceHulk Warhammer 40Kness of it all.
76561197979195770,Not Recommended,298900,28476440,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,†Padre†,"good thingstop notch atmospherbad thingsInsanly stipid ai (gene-stealers walk the fastest root even if it means rushing your face in open space.) if you give assult cannon to ai teammate he wont shoot unless genestealers or mutants are in front of his faceno point in collectibles, no lore for them and cant use. and some of them are extremly hard to find wile others you get without straying from mission paths (spent about 50 min on chapter 2 and stil couldnt find 2 out of 5)no extra lore for 2nd gene-stealer swarm just plain copy-pastefeels a bit ridicilous when common mutants take 3-4 shots to kill from storm boltersubbers do way too much damageassult cannons have insane recoilsome guns are plail usulessfeels redicilous when you kill about 200-400 enemies per lvl even for a terminatorending in a huge let downif you want to use ""spells"" often forget about using anything but storm bolter for entire campaignbloody sprint bar...multiplayer is still bugedinvinsible walls and obsticles from time to time so prepare to get your shots blocked by airhuge fps drops when you fight in horde rooms (2 titanx)no way to make turrets friendly. its blow them, hack them (and they still get blown wile you can take damage) or leave them deactrivated.Sadly the trailers look way better than the game itself.Conclusionhuge letdown, such a huge potential wasted."
76561198041101381,Recommended,298900,28415644,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alcibiades,"Well, let's start of with stating that i'm a massive warhammer 40K fan. That being said I do realise that this game isn't perfect.First of all, the possitives. This game is truely has some great level design, you can really see the love and care put into every last corner of every map. For a fan of the franchise this is great because you can walk around the level for hours just looking at every small little detail and connect it to some piece of lore fluff that you've read somewhere. From a gameplay perspective, i think this is a solid gaem. it's a simple concept. walk around, see filthy xenos scum, purge filthy xenos scum. But it's executed competently enough. You're AI companions in the singleplayer are competent enough. (at least they were against the enemies on the normal difficulty setting.) And they don't really get in your way. The only thing i would like is to be able to set your healer to automatically heal you and you're allies when their health drops below a certain point.But this game is not without it's flaws like i said. The game is a major improvement from the beta. But still the optimisation leaves something to be desired. Now i know it's hard to optimise things for PC seeing how there are so many different builds out there but still. the framerate does sometimes leave something to be desired.I can't speak for the multiplayer as[ect seeing how i still have to try that with some friends, but i will update this as soon as i have.In conclusion i can really recomend this game if you're a fan of warhammer 40K, And i can still recomend it if you're not, but i would wait untill it's on sale."
76561198089488186,Recommended,298900,28415696,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Glow_Cloud,"Great gameplayGood story (lore friendly)AtmoshericOccasional glitch and bugs (forgivable)But seriously, fix the multiplayer connections. They are very poor."
,Recommended,298900,28415820,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ChibiWambo,"Having read many of this games reviews, I do understand the primary complaints of the game's optimisation issues and broken multiplayer. My father and I both got the game to play together and playing just the two of us, the game runs absolutely fantastically. I have not tried to play the game with other people who are not in the same area. To be completely honest I do not personally reccomend this game in its currently unoptimized state. However if and hopefully when this game is fixed, it makes for an absolutely great co-operative time."
,Recommended,298900,30406284,Posted: 9 March,all,Agathosdaimon,"I played through the first campaign mission and thought there may not be much to this game apart from the nice visuals, as it seemed just a too easy , but it improves after this in terms of the challenge i think. Also the visuals are indeed quite nice and the atmosphere is brilliant.I think the game still needs so fixes as the genestealers all seem to have such flimsy rag doll physics that the are more comical than scary and when they pile in then the screen is just a mess of limbs and heads all smooshing together so that you cannot tell what is even going on - the genestealers in previous space hulk games were deadly - one genestealer alone catching you off guard was often fatal, but in this one, they are just raining down on you all the time and bouncing all over the place - still though i think the games gets alot of the feeling right and the volumes of genestealers make up for their bad ai and physics"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368637,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,n156180,"You want to know how to kill a lesser franchise?This is how you kill a lesser franchise.Warhammer40k has become too big a brand to fall over due to this, but the state of this game is disgusting and, as much as I love the franchise and the premise of the game, I cannot recommend it, not even to hardcore fans who've long waited for this."
76561197970956888,Recommended,298900,28390213,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kryme,"Just wanted to say I'm enjoying the single player experience thus far.  I started out on difficulty level 3 and it's been quite fun.  My specs:PC build in Fall 2013i7 4770KMSI GTX 970Nvidia drivers 376.3316 GB Vengeance Ram1920x1080 - 27"" Asus 144hz monitorYesterday, for most of my play time, I had the graphic options set to ""High"" with Temp AA S2 and my native resolution.  I was streaming via Nvidia's Shadowplay at 60fps (Steam's overlay) with few drops.  My machine is good, but it's no super computer...sorry so many others are having issues.  Fortunately for me, I am having a solid FPS and a solid playthrough.I haven't played much of the CooP, but I've never been a huge fan of the local ""host"" based coop matches...I understand FPS and network drops  have been an issue for some, but I did play a few matches with up to 2 others and our matches went fine (aside from deaths).I think the game might have benefited from more time in development, but really the Devs were/are in a ""No-win"" situation.  Release early and get ♥♥♥♥♥ed at, release late and get ♥♥♥♥♥ed at.  I think the game will only improve with time.If you choose to wait, that's cool...you should be able to decide within 2hrs if your PC is going to have issues, then you can always return and check back later."
76561198030259990,Recommended,298900,30673496,Posted: 22 March,all,Nicolas Rage,"damn i love this game,  i hope more ppl feel like megraphics is top,  design is totally fluffy, its like you entering the nostromo !i play it on very hard setting coop ff on. codex rules.the only thing that bothers me is sometimes no full squads due to lack of players.best u play it in the evening hours.intense and scary game :D i wonder how it looked like in V.R. mode,FO TEH EM PE RAH !"
76561198007120649,Not Recommended,298900,28429337,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kharsis,"I don't normally even review games but after playing the Beta I was really excited to play this at release.Beta was great, played wonderfully on my pc. But now I can't even take 10 steps without such horrrible lag the game is unplayable. And I don't have a potato for a computer. Really frustrated. If there is not a patch or update in the next couple days I'm getting my money back."
76561198348791670,Recommended,298900,30401380,Posted: 8 March,all,Kroxigor23,"I always like Warhhamer games....feels like when younger days when i still playing the table top games, except without painting......"
76561197975722425,Recommended,298900,28401650,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,vladdevlor,This game is awesome!
76561197971386991,Recommended,298900,28428877,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tiber )-..mark..72 -(,Thankfully my machine spirit hasn't been plagued with any performance issues.  The only negative things on single player are your wingmen are typically dozy and you rely more on ranged weapons as your ai team mates aren't up to the job.  Aside from that no issues.
76561197991482278,Not Recommended,298900,31285581,Posted: 21 April,all,[VI] Skarvald,"I wanted to love this game. It is visually stunning and captures the feel of the 40k universe perfectly, but the gameplay is bad. No multiplayer progression system and still riddled with bugs. Single player campaign has terrible AI and a weak story. It is very shallow and very unexciting considering you play as a Terminator. I have over 50 hours in this game as of writing this review. Game needs to be overhauled. No rewards for repeated play what-so-ever."
,Not Recommended,298900,29799275,Posted: 9 February,all,Archaeon,"It plays like something that just came out of the eye of terror, unoptimized out the daemon-spawn.Strangely enough, its still cheaper than a box of Terminator Minis"
,Not Recommended,298900,33323801,Posted: 6 July,all,Dark^,"Found it to be glitchy co-op. Things would happen like clients not being able to access inventory (in-game character / weapon select) but host always can and after failing a mission (which you will) you'd restart with the failed mission screen and can only exit by clicking on the main menu button kicking everybody from the game. Switching hosts was same problems. We gave up at chapter 8 (out of 9).If anybody encounters not being able to select menu buttons it's to do with where your windows taskbar is situated, so if you have it on top, you wont be able to reach buttons at the bottom of character selection etc.Also for the casuals this game co-op can still get hard even on easy on some of the levels, we had to skip two, one with 3 of us, the other with 2."
,Not Recommended,298900,28368107,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rusty,Woah... Rushed piece of crap. Who would have thunk!?The beta was such a ♥♥♥♥ing torso so I really didn't expect much... But maybe even a stable game... :<Wait for it to be something like under 10 € before you buying it..
,Recommended,298900,28382474,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bulging Turtle,"This game certainly is great, it has amazing lore and has that over-the-top ""Die for the Emperor"" feel that I have come to love. Although this game is a great FPS set in a great setting with a great plot (my opinion so far, only on Chapter 3 out of 9) but I do understand where the other reviews are coming from; the game was released just a bit early.While all the components and mechanics are there, you will certainly encounter some bugs and the game does need to be optimized more. Unless you have a high-end graphics card, you won't be reaching 60fps and have it steadily stay near that rate. I play this on a laptop with a GTX960M 2GB graphics card and I unfortunately have to play on the lowest settings and I average around 25-30fps. There are times where I walk in corridors and reach 60fps but once the environment gets bigger and fights start going on, with a low-end rig expect severe drops in fps. I must say though that playing this game alone has had me seriously considering financing a new high-end gaming desktop because the setting in this game is gorgeous and would love to see all the destruction and the beautiful environment in its fullest detail.Overall a great game with great lore and brutality that you will love. Just needs to get the kinks fixed. Would recommend getting it especially if its on sale and if you have a high end gaming rig."
,Recommended,298900,28408730,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sat Hollow,CautionBless before each use.
76561197970640770,Recommended,298900,30641665,Posted: 20 March,all,dletourn,"Honestly I am just happy this game exists and the devs continue to improve it.  They completely nailed the atmosphere and visuals, sound, and overall tension that Space Hulk is renowned for, and to this day there just hasn't been anything to adequately convey that besides playing the board game with the lights dimmed and an iphone for sound effects.  The pace of the game as far as I have played it is also perfect: slow, with extremely intense moments throughout.  The developer has and will continue to make a great deal of improvements before console release I would imagine.The game is not perfect, as reading any review will illustrate, but my expectations with ANYTHING WH40K are extremely low to begin with... this is a niche IP and it really doesn't make very much business sense to invest a quadrillion dollars into something that the owner of the IP has tried so hard to keep niche.  Blame games Workshop for that.  More content costs more money, with larger teams, and more people involved.  Last time I checked the average gamer wasn't interested in doing much more beyond playing COD or GTA... so as I said I am just grateful I can play a Space Hulk game that's been given this much love to begin with.  For the ~$30 that it cost me I am more than happy.  I would love to see something with more content, but I didn't expect that from this game."
76561197966204933,Not Recommended,298900,28423511,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Al,"""The Emperor abhors failure"", we're reminded by a stern-looking fellow in one of the early missions. I wonder how he feels about this game?Excellent art direction and atmosphere within the eponymous Space Hulks. Could have/should have been such a great game, but it's let down by terrible execution and all kinds of technical issues. Not recommended, unless your idea of a good time is walking from one corner of the map to the other over and over, while mindlessly mowing down enemies @ 15 fps."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395284,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RMFG,I feel sorry for all the ppl that spend 120 minutes on this game trying to fix it
76561198005619159,Not Recommended,298900,28382031,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FORGE,refund this game asap.
,Not Recommended,298900,29977410,Posted: 16 February,all,Armchair_Warrior,Another 40k game lost to the warp
,Recommended,298900,30046768,Posted: 19 February,all,mas0ch,"I feel like Space Hulk DW has received a bad rap for it's launch day issues and underneath all of that, a good-- even fun Co-Op game exists.This game is intensely faithful to the W40K storyline in terms of art-work and just about everything else. The graphics are beautiful and well rendered. The Unreal Engine does not disappoint once more. The art in the game is utterly splendid and the dark, grey corridors of the Space Hulk have an eerie and dramatic Gothic architecture that you can only find in the W40K universe. The Tyranid Genestealers are a constant and restless foe that will keep coming at you, forcing you to push on toward your objectives or stay and be overrun. The storyline I felt was interesting enough to keep me going, enough that I wanted to know what happened to the Space Marines of my chapter from centuries past. The gunplay can be a bit overwhelming but also satisfying, with huge muzzle flares and dramatic effects you really feel like you're firing a powerful weapon.Now I want to go onto the bad.1. You can read any review here and note the technical issues this game had since launch. They did release a patch which made the game playable on AMD processors so that is at least out of the way now. However, the game does still suffer from performance issues when used with sub-optimal hardware. TL;DR If you're on a potato you may want to hold off.2. This game is so powerfully targetted at fans of the 40K universe that it really fails to take into account that not everyone who plays this game is going to have a lot of knowledge about the universe. They drop you into the Space Hulk with a few epic one liners from your Chapter Master and that's it; go get 'em. For someone who has no experience with W40K this can easily feel dry and rushed.3. One hit kills from the larger Genestealers on the harder difficulty settings really suck and hurt the experience imo.4. Melee does need to be a bit more visceral. It lacks the punch the rest of the weapons have.In closing, I want to say that as this game is better than many of these reviews would have you believe and is definitely worth a purchase if you and a few of your 40K buddies want to shoot some Tyranids in the face. Good Co-Op games are becoming fewer and farther between and this is a solid entry into that list for me."
76561198013140368,Recommended,298900,28961064,Posted: 2 January,all,Attias,"Pros:* The Space HulkWithout a doubt, the star of this game is the Space Hulk itself (for those who are not aware, a ""Space Hulk"" is a term used in Warhammer 40k fiction to reference a large amalgamation of ruined ships, asteroids, wreckage and space flotsam. For all intensive purposes, it's a space-dungeon that heroes like to explore, usually for rare loot but for other reasons too ; )I'm a 40k tabletop gamer and I've built and painted more than my fair share of miniatures over the years. 40k enthusiasts, especially those who build and paint the minuatures as a hobby, often tend to have a sharp eye and an appreciation of not just the massive lore of the intellectual property (IP), but also for attention to fine detail in how it is artistically represented.This game is by far the greatest representation of the ubiquitous ""Grimdark"" aesthetic that the IP is famed for. The developers clearly are huge fans of this universe and their efforts in representing the characters, aliens and the different ships from several 40k factions is astounding. I frankly spent a lot of my time just roaming around taking screenshots; everything from detailed prayer text on Oath of Moment parchments to statues to the gorgeous armor on the terminators themselves were nothing less than works of art. THIS 40k fan is very, very appreciative for the love and care that went into the creation of the environment we get to explore. Bravo devs !*Sound was solid. I loved everything from the look, feel and sound of the weapons, voices and the creaking and moaning of the environment itself. Hearing Genestealers skittering through pipes around me freaked me out.*Animations were smooth (I have no idea how you make such gigantic armor move so well, but I liked it)*Great 40k weapon variety. Especially newer types like the Spear of Caliban - very plasmatic and Very Dark Angel-ly !* Co-OpProbably the biggest complaint I hear from this game is the technical issues with coop.  I play on a 4 year old rig and my experiences so far have been issue-free.  I'm not discounting the issues others have had; I'm just saying that for me, it's been fun with no problems.*The Dark AngelsI love these guys; they are my army (check out my profile artwork section); they are my favorite chapter and having them be the focus of this adventure made me feel like this game was created just for me. They were represented well and I appreciated the little nods like having Barachiel (the Sergeant from the Dark Vengeance Boxed set) included in the squad.  Their armor was gorgeous, their voices were solid and I just thought that they worked well. I still would have appreciated Belial teleporting in with a Command Squad to help me hold a point, but maybe next time.Cons:*If you're not a 40k fanIf you couldn't care less about 40k and are just looking for an alien-killing game; Deathwing is still a good experience, but  you won't get a lot of the finer artistic details, easter eggs and references built into the game. Also, I found it disappointing that some zones are re-used at times within the game; that felt cheap.*Restrictive loadouts.I didn't like that we had so many weapons to choose from in the single player campaign, but we could only give a small handlful to our squadmates. Honestly, you are giving us an Apothecary (a healer that is totally needed to progress), yet the only way you can get him to heal is if he uses his narthecium/stormbolter combo? Why even bother giving him weapon loadout options if he can't heal with other weapons? At least let him equip the stormbolter variants. Same thing with the Heavy weapons squadmate - alllow him to equip variants like the Vengeance Assault Cannon or Spear of Caliban.  And why could the Librarian only use his force weapons with the base stormbolter? The restrictive nature was annoying, especially since we were already breaking TT cannon by allowing Librarians to take heavy weapons, etc.*Armor strength.My preference would have been to make the armor tougher, the genestealers less resilient, but to face more of them. Not really a Con I guess - just a preference.*The story ending.I read that the devs have plans for more DLC content; I just don't see where we're going to go from here?* Translation.I get that the developers are a relatively small French company, but at least in terms of the English version of the game, there were areas of poor translation and bad grammar. I specifically took time in the closed beta to re-write several sections for them so to see these problems in the final game makes the project look amateur. Invest in quality translation services going forward guys.Conclusion.I had a great time with this game. The 40k fan in me is thrilled with the developer's vision of the grimdark future and I loved their take on the Dark Angels too. Disappointing to see mixed reviews at this time; but I remember Vermintide had mixed reviews when it came out as it had many similar technical problems in multiplayer at release and now, it's a much better game. I expect Deathwing to fix up and get better with time too. It's already a great game, but I'm excited to see where it goes from here (Just next time, let us play with Belial, Ezekiel, Azrael and Asmodai.  And what the heck, bring in Cypher too !  ; )"
76561197968758064,Not Recommended,298900,32608908,Posted: 20 June,all,Dynapar,"I had high hopes for this game.  Other reviews for it indicated that it was fairly one dimensional and was not very well  executed.  I had hoped that the pure experience of playing a Death Angel and hefty big firepower would provide adequate entertainment... however I was wrong.This may contain some spoilers.The gameplay was well suited to a FPS, however it was lacking  polish. There is not ability to jump and any obstable even a few inches tall will stop you in your tracks.  This could be for game balance reasons and not wanting you to fall into many of the deep chasms to your eventual death.  Yet in this day and age jumping, crouching and other fundamental FPS movements are kind of expected and can add another dimenions (literally, UP) to the game by opening opportunity for 3D puzzles and maps.  Frequently I encountered glitches where I would ghost through my team mates or the walls would disappear.The story could hold a lot of promise but it is under utilized. The narrative is only a few paragraphs long, purely providing synopsis over the objectives you just completed in a level.  And the ending... well there isnt one.  Sorry.  There is what could be a fun game element of tracking down ancient relics; however this too feels only partially implemented.  The relics themselves are neat and gratifying to find... until you realize that they have almost zero in game effect (the slowly build your Will which enables you to get 1 more Psygate per level if you find 3-4 of them) but worst still is that there is no backing story to them. The nail in the coffin is that they have pregerenated spawn points (ok your thinking thats normal..) but when the maps get recycled and the relics spawn in the exact same spot it really shows the poor follow through on the game.  BTW expect a lot of familar scenery and grinding for the last 40% of the game.My final verdict is that the game has good intentions, a fun premise and takes a tabletop mini game into a new genre.  However after the first level of gameplay it all comes crashing down, when you actually realize that this game is really only about 25% of what is should have been.  This gets a Do-Not-Buy rating."
,Not Recommended,298900,29837703,Posted: 10 February,all,Kidmobius,devs dont respond in forums or update the player base (where game is sold mind you till the console versions release) with all the problems with the game. No dev comm. no thumbs up and idc if you dislike this review doesnt affect me any.
76561197997365750,Recommended,298900,28405858,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mamono,"You haven´t purged until you purged in Space Hulk Deathwing.For years I was waiting for a title like this one. As a long time Warhammer nerd an a fan of Space Hulk: Vengeance Of The Blood Angels I anticipated this title.Aside from technical issiues like frame drops and disconnects during multiplayer, this game is awsome. I played it 4 hours straight in single player and had no problems. Only framedrop during horde waves.The amount of detail inside the derilict ships is stunning. While you are not fighting Tyranids you can admire everything starting with warheads that are as big as houses, down to the writings on a purity seal on a wall.Voice acting and sound is great. Movement feels like it should feel when one is wearing dreadnought class terminator armor.This game is a must have for every 40k fan. I am having one nerdgasm after the other. Coop shooter fans who are not into warhammer lore should wait for a discount.The only major downstroak for me of this game is that you are playing as Dark Angels.... since I am a Blood Angel loyalist from the startI am enjoyin this game very much. So now I have to go back and purge a little more.For the Emperor!"
,Recommended,298900,28422390,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Falkroth,"I feel like this game is getting some seriously unfair reviews.Yeah, it has bugs.All  games have bugs.DID Y'ALL PLAY SKYRIM ON DAY ONE BRO?Let the devs do their job, provide meaningful feedback and bug reports.I promise you it do a big helping.I've been amped up for this game for MONTHS and as far as I'm concerned it meets my expectations and beyond. I highly recommend you let this game speak for itself and ignore 99% of the negative reviews for it."
76561198303609337,Recommended,298900,30415149,Posted: 9 March,all,Invicta Kirk,"This game is absolutly incredible fun. Me and my battle brothers have a brilliant time online. There is some little issues here and there. But that has, in no way ruined the game for me. Its good to see the dev`s on the case, constantly working hard to improve this game. The scenary is absolutely beautiful. The detail on the terminators armour is outstanding. Its so cool to have a game that really puts you into a part of the 40k universe."
,Recommended,298900,28398613,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,-Lash- Thurservor,Probably the best 40k game in a decade
76561198005674290,Recommended,298900,32390586,Posted: 13 June,all,Niklas,"Great coop, captures the feel of the game. Devs keep adding new great (free) features. Recommended!"
76561198004127492,Not Recommended,298900,28385254,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,president sharkskull,"wow they really ♥♥♥♥ed this up, its basicly beta but more content but thats content behind a 40min loading screen and at-least 20mins of gameplay."
,Recommended,298900,28380327,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[BWC] Xzeno,"An atmospheric, true to the source material representation of a Terminator Assault on a space hulk. There are many bugs that interrupt gameplay at best, and crash the game at worst. The lack of checkpoints can mean repeating an extremely long mission again because the host crashed. Can lead to a frustrating experience, but definitely does not ruin it completely.Multiplayer should be done on 'Codex' mode, which removes the XP grinding to get abilities (that normally get reset every mission.) It restricts respawning, but it ends up making the entire experience feel more genuine.Playing in Coop with friends feels like it didn't get as much effort put into it as it should have. A lot of the bugs of the game are exclusive to multiplayer.The game's environments are gorgeous. The atmosphere, attention to detail and attention to lore is astounding and it shows in the environemtns. Character models are similarly well modelled and textured and feel heavy.Controls are very good - you feel less like a first person shooter and more like you're actually wearing Terminator Armour. movements are slow and hefty. The armour makes you feel protected, and the weapons make you feel like you can destroy anything.Lightning claws need a buff.Overall very good game, very good effort put into it. If you're lucky and don't experience many bugs then it's instantly a favourite."
76561198007105480,Recommended,298900,28400759,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ѕǝʎ,"The game is good fun, and I haven't experienced any performance issues outside of intense melee combat, where FPS drops are unavoidable due to the sheer amount of guts and gibs on the screen. By the way, setting your screen mode to borderless may help prevent some fatal errors.What people have yet to understand is the fact that this game ispackedwith quality art. Everything you see and hear is perfectly in tone with the developer's plan. Each act has a distinct mood and theme. Each pathway is organized subtly to inflict the feeling of expectation, hesitation, or relief. No location is a placeholder, nor is it a simple passage. Hence level design, character design, and staging are where those 4 years of development went into.Strong metaphorical visuals really tie this game together with its predecessor, E.Y.E. And Deathwing takes the same steps as the previous game, however, the developers weren't given free reign over the plot as before (sadly), so it's mainly told via visuals instead. Don't get me wrong, the writing is good, but it's simply not theirs.If you still don't believe me and think this is not a visual piece - go see the bestiary, which can be easily overlooked. It basically says ""Hey guys, you may not have had a good look at the cool models we made because they got torn apart the second you saw them, here is a page for you to see how neat they are"".In conclusion, play this game on a good PC and have a good look at your surroundings when you do. Crank the difficulty up all the way for coop, that's where it's needed. The only thing I would want to see in this game is UT-level graphics (same engine, too), but it seems like they had to go for a downgrade to keep the performance reasonable. Then again, other good-looking games like Witcher 3 have to decrease the number of enemies seen on screen to do the trick, which would be a literal crime for a Warhammer 40.000 game."
76561197963836783,Recommended,298900,28433610,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Reverend Jive,"SynopsisSpace Hulk: Deathwing is a superbly atmospheric yet flawed game that despite being a shooter at its core emphasizes positioning and map control to defeat seemingly endless hordes. The enemy AI isn't too bad with occasional retreats and flanking attempts though as you may expect its mainly sheer numbers that threaten to overwhelm you indispersed by cloaked stalkers and a monsterous broodlord or two.The guns, melee weapons and psyker powers are all fairly satisfying to use though you may find yourself unimpressed with the singeplayer levelling options and frequently frustrated at your AI team mates. Issuing commands via the wheel is clunky and almost impossible when in combat, the keybindings help somewhat but the commands can be buggy and the friendly AI will have you wishing for a full co-op story before the end of the third chapter.Pros:Excellent environments and ambience.Somewhat varied weapons.Psyker powers are good fun.Melee feels odd yet satisfying.Lightning claws make the heavy weapons specialist a death machine who is both joyous and masterful to behold.Cons:Annoying AIThe apothecary can't be customised without losing his purpose.The heavy weapons specialist is useless with a heavy weapon.Storyline is thin and forgettable.Repeated voice lines become irritating ""The Xeno's are beyond counting!""Hacking is utterly pointless.Overall, its a fun game if you enjoy killing things in a 40k universe though not likely to keep you hooked for more than an hour or two at a time."
76561198014039040,Not Recommended,298900,30082659,Posted: 21 February,all,Freedsnipers,"Long load times, story is lacking, voice acting is lacking, The AI of the geene stealers is not the best. They run at you in a congo line,  long load times, did i say long load times?    On the other side. the game looks great. space hulk is like walking in a space ship. very good look wise, how ever the gameplay is below what it should be at."
,Recommended,298900,30527268,Posted: 15 March,all,mhenryblack,"Runs great for me.  Looks fantastic.  Immersive and Warhammer 40k as hell.  I feel like a Terminator, a Death Angel.  The game perfectly captures the isolated and claustrophobic atmosphere of a Space Hulk.  Lore authentic, eerie and tense.  The dark sometimes feels suffocating as you wander the deserted wreckage.  I've always intrinsically disliked the dark underground portions of first-person shooters or you had to use a flashlight to see...  the feeling of being an angel of death in Terminator armor, somehow mitigates the gut-wrenching Terror I've tried to avoid in those situations in the past.I know that a lot of people hold the Warhammer 40K material pretty close to their hearts, and I've seen many Die Hard fans give Savage reviews two games that didn't live up to their expectations. I've played Space Marine, Kill team, Dawn of War II, and Vermintide.  I I have never played the tabletop Games Workshop version of WH40K, I am however hugely fascinated with the story, lore and the universe.  Every time I hear of a new Warhammer title being released, that falls into genres I normally play, I'm very excited to hear about it...   just can't get enough  of what I considered to be one of the best Mythos ever created.I go out of my way to support any Warhammer game I can, in the hope it will keep seeing great titles in this vein.  Space hope does not disappoint.Oddly enough I'm not crazy about tactical elements in games, I read another review of this game saying it would be better with friends, and I can second that.  You can use a tactical wheel to command bot companions to complete various tasks in single player. The immersion would be better served by playing with physical friends you can verbally interact with.  First person shooters are always better with co-op.I have not encountered any performance issues at all,however, I'm playing on a fairly ""high-end"" system...  I'm a big believer in efforts like this from ""independent"" Developers (not sure if it applies here), and I feel like SteumOn Studio is on their way to getting this right.  I think it's hard being a developer right now because we're at a Tipping Point with Hardware capability and what gamers want in games.  Moving forward I think a lot of current gen material just isn't going to run on many older computers, or not well.  The new generation of video cards is powerful, far more affordable and efficient than previous hardware.  Many gamers who will blame performance was on ""poor optimization"" would probably be better served to save some money and upgrade their gear.  I did, and I didn't even have to spend all that much money. The coming generation of games will crush the capabilities of Hardware that was high-end a few years ago.Note: I wasn't crazy about the default controller settings, so I set it up for a steam controller with a custom profile, and it's perfect. The developer would be well-served to integrate steam controller support like Valve and Croteam do.I don't generally play with a keyboard and mouse but from what I could tell the bindings look par for the course for a first person shooter.Overall 9/10"
76561198092112951,Not Recommended,298900,28365721,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,craigmillward6293,Don't recommend anyone buying this game unless you enjoy constant frame rate drops and crashes. Clearly it's not a finished game and the developers should be ashamed to release a game in this state. The game was also delayed for so called 'fixes' however I don't see any changes made  after the beta feedback.
76561198013872098,Not Recommended,298900,28463336,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Merchant,"Looks good,Lore's good,Sound is good,Game is exciting,Collectibles are meh.Customization is low.few unique missions/mapsMission grading is arbitrary.Progression is boring and near none existantnetwork sucks,Bot AI is the worst I've seen in a long time.Low replayability.I wouldn't ask my friends to buy it.This game is for extreme 40k fans.I think the teams efforts would have been better use in collaberation with Eternal crusade."
,Recommended,298900,28806072,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,santyclause,Its a very fun game. Nothing quite like delivering power fists to the face for Christmas.
,Not Recommended,298900,28365374,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pulsinghole,"Game drops to 5-20 fps during every combat situation because of 10-30 AI attacking making game lock up/crash.Really wanted to love this game, sadly i will have to give it a miss."
76561198053169839,Recommended,298900,28385400,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KnuckleSandwich,"This iteration of the game shows exactly which direction the SpaceHulks franchise is headed. While sometimes slightly buggy, as are many initial releases, the game is TRULY GREAT when running well. My expereince is that the codecs and various handshaking drivers need a few ""run throughs"" to get preloaded so that once you've played through a few of the class combos and assorted animations, the action becomes smooth and progressive, eexactly as one would imagine it could be. While this game is not 100% perfect it is 100% AWESOME becuase it shows that multiplayer WARHAMMER exists in-armour. This is only the First Chapter. Stay tuned. I expect open battlefild, large unit deloyment in the near future with tanks, dreadnaughts, copters, cannons,...WHAAAGS!, ELDAR and CHAOS - first person tabletop, literally. Its already half way there and I cant wait to see the next iteration. For $33 this was a dead steal.Cant wait for the new races DLC!PVP, perhaps?"
76561198071646968,Not Recommended,298900,28451083,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,xceptionzero,Me and 3 friends thought this would be fun. All 4 us getting fatal error crashes randomly.Its a pretty game.Its a fun game.Its a frustating pile of waste right now. Wait till its fixed and patched.
76561198006524997,Recommended,298900,28427156,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,-SoL-Burch,"After reading several reveiws I thought I would throw my 2 cents in. I like the game, I finished the singleplayer and wish it was a little longer. I haven't experienced the crashes or freezes that others have in single player. Coop is another story, like Space Marine you are dealing with the computers and internet speeds of the host so lag, crashes etc. are all too common.The Pros:Looks fantasticPlays well in single player other than your fellow terminators occasionly getting stuck but i have noticed where they get stuck and it seems to be a few select places at least for me.Weapon choices are immersive and work well.The enemy will take alternate routes at times or retreat and move around you if they can. They tend to bum rush you en masse alot but that is to be ecpected with tyranids imo and is part of the game the being overwhelmed by numbers.The ConsLoad times are better than beta but still too slow especially for multiplayer.Random bugs like comming out of map after hacking a turret to find your equipment has changed (this happens with the heavy flamer in single player alot if you equipped it at any time on the map and sometimes the next couple of maps in the same session)Lack of Voice in Coop is just unimmaginable in this day and age a serious Con in my bookMelee is a bit quirkyNo manual save option really sux as does the lack of ability to play particular maps in single player after completeing the campaign which severly limits singleplayer replayability. Im sure all of us would like the option to play certain maps again with alternate loadouts etc.Overall it is a great game if you take it for what it is and dont try to put your expectations or desires into the mix. There will always be features etc. we want but no game has them all. So if you like to don terminator armor and kill tyranids this is fun. With some patches it should be more fun especially in Coop which was my main draw to it. Dont let my cons list fool you I do like the game :)"
76561197984487409,Not Recommended,298900,28418929,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Verm,"Had potential... but its not ready for release. Its buggy, has awful FPS drops to 20's on a GTX 1070, 3.5 quad core, 16GB ram...No progression, repetitive combat. Honestly if you've tried the beta you're missing nothing.I was excited for this game, am a 40k fanboy and i cannot justify playing this. I preordered this the first day i could and even hopped beta was beta, but It's not good. It's an undercooked L4D style game. Lacks weapons, skins, voice acting, and good AI to name a few things.Yes its slightly better than beta, but its still not ready for general consumption."
,Recommended,298900,30824617,Posted: 29 March,all,Subliminal,"After hearing many terrible reviews for this game I decided early on to wait for the developer to make the game stable. To date, I am still unsure if the wait made a difference or not for the single player campaign.I just completed the single player campaign and had no issues with game stability, game saves, graphical nor audio.  The largest ""issue"" that I saw was in some instances when the enemy count was extremely high that I had some SLIGHT framerate hiccups. The game played smooth and felt much like the original space hulk in many aspects. There are many details that hardcore Warhammer 40k nerds will see if they pay attention to environments and backgrounds, as well as little things in certain terminals through-out the game.Weapon choices were representative of the tabletop and the game in the single player makes you decide early if you want to be more psyker focused or not. To some extent this ""felt"" restrictive but to be fair the table top game has a very specific role for librarians and weapons options are not the big claim to fame. I did feel like Brother Nahum (the apothecary) had limited to no option for weapons because the heal he can provide is VERY useful....I would say mandatory in harder difficulties. I think I weapon swapped him perhaps 4 times total throughout the course of the game. I had more flexibility with the other guy and switched weapons on him regularly, though I found myself liking the thunder hammer/storm shield option the most. Of note, I would say giving both companions the options for the hellfire and the other storm bolter pattern (the name is escaping me atm) would have been appreciated. Psyker powers were pretty cool though the tooltips that describe what they do may have been a bit too vague in some cases.Story concept was cool and I enjoyed the little bit of it that I got. This ultimately is a game where killing enemies is the focus though and I think it would do people well to remember that. One complaint is that there are a limited number of mission ""types"" and that they are used too infrequently. I would very much like to see some additional content with more variety of missions with larger maps and multiple levels on some maps instead of the typical one level map design.I had some issues with some of the map UI elements and the inability to change the targeted turret without destroying it, though there may be a system in place and I was just unable/unwilling to locate it. Definitely not intuitive.All in all, I enjoyed the single player very much and am a bit sad that it was as short as it was. I would recommend this to people who love 40k for lore elements and being able to play through a rebuilt version of an iconic game.7/10"
76561198057523491,Recommended,298900,28383051,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Durzake,"Would I recommend this game? Yes, but only because I want you to continue to support this developer so they can make this game into the gem (when you can get it to work) that is sadly out of reach due to severe bugs,FPS drops, poor optimization issues, and most importantly crashes. EDIT** After coming back to the game after Patch 5 launched I saw noticeable improvements to FPS, FPS drop reduction, along with what seems like more variety among the Genestealers.**** The look/aesthetic of the game is spot on, and the devs could not have picked a better concept that what you are doing, however, I along with a few others have some slight problems. 1). Please oh please make the bolter sound how it is supposed to sound (Boltguns make a unique roaring sound when fired, which is caused as the propellant in their shells ignites followed shortly afterwards by an explosion when the bolt detonates upon hitting its target.). Not entirely your fault, as no game (that I am aware of) has properly captured the power that is the Boltgun. 2) We are Terminators. We are essentially walking tanks, small arms fire and such [not talking about the Krak missile launchers] should barely even scratch the armor that we have on. I can see from a game play standpoint, the need for the sprint button (don't get me wrong I laughed and loved how I could kill hybrids/genestealers with my momentum) and the hybrids doing damage but please either throw in more of them for some massed volleys of fire or lower their damage. *This was more of a problem in Beta, which I see has gotten improved upon in live.. very happy to see* 3) The melee feels lackluster and unispired.. The weapons feel almost weightless with no apparent momentum behind the swings.  Take some cues from Warhammer Vermintide, with the way they handle swarms of enemies and the ""feeling"" you get as your weapons connect with slave/clan rats and Stormvermin (emulating that in Deathwing would make it a much more satisfying experience to play, especially for the melee class). I'm looking forward to playing Deathwing more now that it is out, but please fix the crashes/bugs along with continuing to optimize loading screens and such. *Again loading has improved from Beta [believe me it was worse than live] and I hope Deathwing becomes a successful, and profitable, warhammer game (a rare thing indeed). (P.S A map editor/creation mode I know would cause flocks of gamers to acquire this title, just saying.)"
76561197969346790,Recommended,298900,29268212,Posted: 15 January,all,Von Demon,"Simply put, this game is extremely good.So I can only guess why some people don't like it.  All in all, you could blaze through the game in a relatively short amount of time.  Just like you can gulp down a glass of 30-year old whiskey and wonder why the bartender charged you so much for the drink.This game is meant to be savored by gamers who played the table top of Space Hulk and imagined what it must be like to fight in the narrow corridors against the Tyranid out numbered.  The same gamers who played the original Space Hulk on the Amiga.  Or played it on the 3DO.  If you don't share those experiences, this game may not be for you.The atmosphere is amazing.  The level of detail draws you into the world of 40K.  There are tons of Easter Eggs for fans of the franchise.  And the sound and combat fidelity is on point.  It's exactly everything the fans of Space Hulk have been waiting for.  And there is replay-ability in the multiplayer; which a few friends and I have been going though together and having a blast.I have no idea if there will be ongoing content for this game but I certainly hope so.  But even without that, I highly recommend this to people looking for an experience in as a terminator in the 40K universe. Thanks to the devs for knowing exactly what I wanted as a gamer playing the table top 20 years ago.  You guys rock."
,Recommended,298900,28463256,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Gzack,"I don't know what everyone else is complainging about. I have only crashed when playing multiplayer. Singleplayer works smooth and I have only encountered one frame drop throughout the 4 chapters I have played.PROS:The game is great! It's intense, fun and get's your blood pumping. It's very satisfying to throw lead down a corridor full of filthy xenos and see their body parts fly towards you, or better yet burn an entire horde and watch as they melt running towards you. The weapons feel good, although innacurate for such advanced weapondry (and difficult since the game has sniper type units that take a while to take down).CONS:The hacking is a little annoying, turrets are scattered throughout and seem to be useless except in rare conditions (they have great accuracy so taking down snipers with turrets is nice). The relics that are throughout the maps seem to be in odd places at times and some chapters were very difficult to collect all of them while other chapters were very easy.Overall the game is great fun, but suffers some perfomance issues and glitches.Specs: i7 6700k Skylake CPU, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970, 16 GB DDR4 RAM, 500 GB SSD"
,Recommended,298900,30516184,Posted: 14 March,all,Bluepawn,"This game has bugs, it gets repetitive fairly quick,  but it's actively being worked on and if you're a true Warhammer 40,000 Fan who wants to see the a Space Hulk and Tyranids beautifully rendered (in mobs of 10 or less depending on your rig) then I recommend this. The only caveat would be if you don't like horde modes, because essentially slap a story on it and that's what this game is. On sale this game is perfectly priced but I don't regret spending full price one bit. FOR THE EMPEROR!"
,Not Recommended,298900,32425906,Posted: 14 June,all,Nocturnal,"This game is not ready for prime time.  It's badly broken, missing textures, broken collision, invisable walls, etc...It's like an alpha of a real game."
76561198088427897,Not Recommended,298900,30348516,Posted: 5 March,all,The Last Surviving Wilbot,"You see, I was one of the those guys who was super excited about this game. I was dreaming about slaying genestealers aboard spacehulks with bolters and power swords. It just looked amazing from all the trailers and screenshots. But When it came out. Oh boy what a failure. Visually there was nothing wrong. Everything handcrafted to perfection. That's were the good stuff starts and ends. The gameplay is fun the first 10-15 hours, but when you keep doing the same thing over and over again it starts to get boring. The weapons are very satesfying but there isn't very many of them. The enemies charge at you like mindless zombies untill you fill them with lead. There is no intelligent AI, their is some variation to the genestealers but they are all retextures of eachother. I really hoped for a patch that would fix atleast the pisspoor optimization but several months have gone by and nothing is happening. The games multiple bugs and bland gameplay made me quit the game before I even finished the campain. Out of my 28H in this game atleast 5 of them is trying to get the multiplayer to work but to no avail.To wrap it up the game looked good, it came out and it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this game unless it's only for the visuals.As a huge Warhammer 40K fan I really wish I could give it a higher score but I'm giving it a 3/10.It barely escapes a 1/10 becuase it looks stunning."
,Recommended,298900,30060226,Posted: 20 February,all,Harlequin,Very enjoyable but needs some kind of permanent progression in Multiplayer...
76561198048146024,Not Recommended,298900,32706847,Posted: 23 June,all,Grenadier 658244-526455,"Ok, Spacehulk Deathwing. Is the game awsome? yes. Does it look amzing? yes. Is it fun to play? kinda. Is it replayable? nope. This game was backed on the highest and fastest of hypetrains so some disapointment is to me exspected, but not how much i recived. I bought the game a few days after release, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was it a buggy nightmare and not just the nids ethier. The game has a horrible mutiplayer where i would get kicked from lobbies no matter what. it just wasnt worth the money i payed. Now, its improved but still not worth it imo. if its on sale and you have a few buddies with some extra cash buring a hole in your pocket, then go for it, as it looks like they are trying to fix it. if not go buy SPACE BEAST TERROR FIGHT. its basicly the same for a cheaper price and a little harder."
,Not Recommended,298900,30531996,Posted: 15 March,all,RelicLord,"A sadly empty game that has very few players left already. It looks beautiful, and runs fine for me, but the multiplayer simply isn't any fun.Multiplayer coop is simply a watered down version of the singleplayer, and gets tedious pretty quickly. I won't say I haven't had some fun, but it's very short lived. Gunning down hordes of genestealers is rewarding, until about the 100th time you do it in a cramped, narrow hallway and realize that's all the game has to offer.In the end, it's a worse Vermintide with guns, but no progression of any kind whatsoever, and nothing to bring you back to keep playing."
,Recommended,298900,30498715,Posted: 13 March,all,Snowdog,Since the patch this game has realised its potential.When it was released it felt like it was reeased three months too early. Three months on the 9.1GB patch has made all the difference.The game has gone from almost unplayable to a joy to play.
76561198024776597,Not Recommended,298900,30236328,Posted: 28 February,all,Albemarle,"Sadly this game didn't live up to it's expectations, basicly I can agree with 100% of all cons in any review there is. Besides great visuals this game has nothing to it's core, shame. Also AAA-price...just wow, ridiculous."
76561198073833228,Recommended,298900,34801787,Posted: 7 September,all,EggplantEmoji,"one of the few truly good 40k games. the game could use some more optimisation, but it still runs fairly well on medium/high settings on my high end gaming laptop. overall, its a great game and id give it an 8/10."
76561198008597098,Not Recommended,298900,28380818,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kumad,I have the pc to run yet the game still runs terribly. singleplayer hardcrashes and locks up my pc and it happened 3 times. The multiplayer was a laggy mess and the techincal issues were numerous. My pc can run much more demanding games than this yet my pc sounded like it was dying at the lowest settings. Warhammer deserves way better than this.
,Recommended,298900,34067140,Posted: 6 August,all,sober,mwuah!
76561198049734195,Recommended,298900,32334794,Posted: 10 June,all,Frodo Baggins,"A fun, disorientating, suspensful game. Close quarters and bright flashes will have you spraying and praying all day. Only problem with the game so far is the film grain it has on with no option that I can find, to turn it off"
,Not Recommended,298900,28389255,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Druark,"Runs pretty badly, apart from the lighting and sound it looks pretty bad too. I couldn't bring myself to even finish the second mission as I kept having sections only half load (I could see through the walls outside the map) in addition to the technical and graphic issues the gameplay is just ""meh"" its not bad. The wall destructible walls and doors are cool... but the game is just bad otherwise."
,Recommended,298900,28382494,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Tugg Speedman,Purge the Xenos.For the Emprah.
76561197970685729,Recommended,298900,28752914,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lucifer,"I pre-ordered Deathwing the moment it came on Steam. Waited and waited. Played Beta. Loved it. Game Launch, and there are some serious game breaking bugs present. This was a little saddening. We got a patch, a week or so later, which fixed most of the major problems while creating some new ones.That all said and done, Space Hulk: Deathwing is absolutely awesome. I'm a huge fan of WH40k and i've always loved Space Hulk. The turn-based virtual re-imagening of the board game by Full Control, was great. The little picture in a picture of what the terminators were seeing in first person had me begging for a First Person Shooter of the Space hulk universe. And boy does this game deliver that.The Atmosphere is perfect. It is filled to the top and overflowing with WH40k theme and feel. No matter which direction you are facing, you will know you are in the WH40k universe and not some other space ship FPS. The detail put into the textures and the maps is just fantastic.Though you'll rarely get a chance to stop and admire the beauty of it all, as breathing down your neck almost constantly is the Tyranid Swarm. And Swarm they are. They are fast, they are terrifying and absolutely lethal. You'll not get a moment to check out the beauty and work put into them either as you slay them, wave after relentless wave, with Bolter, Flame and Sword. Due to the player being a Deathwing Terminator, you do not move with the same speed as most other FPSs, so positioning and even the direction you are facing can mean the difference between you, or your squad, being wiped out.Then there is all the little details. Once you have reduced a wave of Genestealers to nothing but corpses and bloody chunks, listen gleefully as your hulking Terminator's footsteps turn from a thudding stomp to a squelch and squishing noise of blood and guts beneath your boots.The weapon sounds are awesome, playing with a sqaud of four the resounding noise of the bolters or assault cannons is music to any WH40k fans ears. One of these days a developer will come up with the fantastic idea to have weapon noises with its own sound adjustment in the options menu, so you can turn it up more!There are lots of little lore and story scenes to be found around each map. making exploring rewarding, albeit dangerous.Despite being a fast paced and epic FPSs, there is also a fantastic tactical element to the game. Closing and blocking doors behind you as you advance to slow the swarm down or create relative safe areas. There is a very 'Aliens' vibe to this game. One player working to close and lock a door as the other players struggle to hold back the swarm.I really love this game. It has a few bugs, and more than just some people have had some pretty bad experiences with it. But for me, it is just fantastic. My only real problem with it, is it would be nicer if there were better wargear elements to it. Pick ups and or equipment, much like in the absolutely amazing Dawn of War II's Last Stand. So that you might have two Tactical Terminators that aren't identical. At the moment there are only 9 chapters, and 3 of those chapters will have you going back over some of the same maps. So i dare say, some DLC or expansions will add some more, and hopefully with some desired features that the fans have been asking for.It's all these things that make for a great First person version of the board game. It is hard, it is brutal, it is fast, it is chaotic, it is epic and it is glorious!"
76561197994220731,Recommended,298900,28807785,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ish'na,Damn fun with friends
76561198118014508,Not Recommended,298900,29340451,Posted: 18 January,all,[KO]_knight_COMBATWA4LES,hmmm.. at least i got 1 thing out of this game... now i know how the refund button works.
76561198037352830,Not Recommended,298900,33140320,Posted: 2 July,all,Trinitrotoluene,"This game is even further from my expectations than I thought it would be...It feels like playing an outdated bethesda game, I mean :- The platform is unstable - the game is really, and I mean REALLY-REALLY, RAM-consuming for REALLY poor graphics, absent physics and overall content (the ennemies are not as swarming and overwhelming as they made it seem).- Constant 20-30fps even in low settings- Ratio is 3min of loading for 1min of playingAnd let's speak about playing- the gameplay is boring, flat, predictable and repetitive.Which is sad, truely, there was a lot of room to variety but I found none, even though there's a bunch of weapons to unlock with surely crazy new killing potential, nothing really made me stay.The Warhammer vibe is here in the environmental design, but the immersion is quickly and brutally vasectomized by the awful ""narrow"" mindset of the game :""you shouldn't get out of your way to notice something unless told otherwise""and in the end playing the game rapidly feels like ""trying as hard as you can to ignore the flaws"" rather than ""enjoying the  actual effort"""
,Not Recommended,298900,28366731,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zulu ZF,"Don't waste your precious time and money. Played around 90 minutes before I ran in to a game breaking bug that disabled all control of the character, attempting to rejoin does nothing. The controls were still unresponsive. On top of this I could hear gameplay but not see. Loading times are insanely long, frame rate is terrible, and it gets even worse when enemies spawn.Bugs, glitches and performance aside  the gameplay is as shallow as a puddle. Just W and left click, very boring even with friends. Progression is... Well what progression, four levels and I unlocked them all by the end of the first mission or where we got to until the lobby crashed. Weapons are locked to each class. Missions don't feel like missions, just sort of walk here and shoot, ok you did that now walk here and shoot. You've walked here and killed them, now go back to the begining and shoot more things. No need to think, no tactics. There is no intro for a Brood Lord, no he just walks in with the pack, no special ""the boss is here"" music like you might expect. No polish, just... what the ♥♥♥♥ is this? I paid £25 for a broken puddle of a game.Don't buy this game, I've asked for a refund. Definetely not worth a buy. Ding, ding, ding!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368748,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Signy,"Like so many others, I was very excited for this game. My first few minutes felt great! The atmosphere was intriguing, the sound effects of the creaking space hulk were eerie, the corridors felt claustrophobic – everything I wanted to experience!And then the game froze while I was navigating the menus and needed to be restarted. When I went to boot into a new campaign, because what I had already accomplished didn't save, the loading screen never took me anywhere. I alt+tabbed to check for a discussion about this problem and when I came back the games resolution dropped to something like 800 x 600 and had to be restarted again.One of the big things I was looking forward to was the Co-Op. I was disappointed to see that it lacked all teeth. No cut scenes, no relics to collect, no radio chatter and not even skill tree upgrades that don't carry over, even inside of the same play session!I refunded. Maybe I'll pick it up again when it's price drops through the floor."
76561198127845697,Recommended,298900,28774414,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Darkmatter52,"Dispite the negative reviews here I decided to follow Worth A Buy's recommendation and purchase this game. I was not dissapointed! The gameplay is very smooth and fun, allowing for some really intense moments while purging the space hulk of xeno filth.As for performance, I have an i5-6600k with a GTX 1070 and it runs at max settings 60 fps. However occasionally if dozens of enemies are bottlenecked into one spot and obliterated, it does slow down to about 45 fps (worse case senario). I would say the amazing graphics make up for this minor grevience however."
76561198121015410,Recommended,298900,28368240,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MyDrunkSeaman,"Worth the wait.Purge the heretic, purge everything non-human!Kind of like what I was expecting from the Aliens: Colonial Marines demo."
76561198043341279,Recommended,298900,28396920,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GHOST MAKER,UpdateThe game is alot better now alot of the bugs and issues are gone and it is a great deal on sale. Great SPMultiplayer is awesome and the atomosphere is amazing and it is SUPER 40kie . Think Vermin Tide but Genestealer tide and more grim dark. Also you can host your own Servers! the campagin story is nice. Close Combat is a blast ! All the weapons feel rightThe cons in my eyes.It feels a little rushed few bugs etc. And single player is not as fun as id like.But it is worth the money IMO. I believe it will be like Vermin tide a little slow to start and then take over pretty decent with patches etc.So far a soft 8 outta 10 ! We shall see what will come.
,Not Recommended,298900,28387531,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Winfield,"IF YOU WANT THIS GAME FOR THE CO-OP, DO NOT BUY IT.I bought this game for the Co-op and as I type this, I am in the process of getting a refund.They basically spent zero effort into co-op to make it an enjoyable experience.While the singleplayer might be decent(I didn't play it, I bought this game to play a co-op game with a friend) it's not what I signed on for, I signed on for a release-ready co-op game and this thing is FAR from it.As a Warhammer 40k fan, it pains me to say but this game's release is a complete failure. I wanted to stomp some Genestealer heads, I really, really did."
76561198023581928,Not Recommended,298900,30502053,Posted: 13 March,all,inquisitor T.Caffery,"in the grim darkness of the far  future, there is only fail were space marines in F*** terminator armor dies by being shot with an atuo gun last time i looked am not rolling 1""s"
,Not Recommended,298900,28366567,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,UltraStoat,"Game looks and plays great, until you actually have to face a mob of xeno scum. There, the framreate on my PC drops to absolute zero each time the game so much as has to load a single enemy. Once all enemies are on screen, I go from 50-60 FPS to about 12.Game will randomly freeze and stutter VERY HARD when loading things. Terrible optimization, huge letdown.System:- AMD fx6350- 16GB RAM- GeForce 970 4gb VRAM"
76561198069631020,Not Recommended,298900,28701193,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,INukeUnbornBabyWhales,"It got the feel and look of Warhammer down perfectly. Unfortunatly, bugs, framerate and a lack of progression and story in co-op ruined the experience for me."
76561197963722210,Not Recommended,298900,30460789,Posted: 11 March,all,Hawk42000,Ima old gamer and this game is a financial disappointment! Its incomplete and I feel I was robbed for purchasing this product.And this steam bot wont give me my money back cause some preset that stops me . Dont waste your time get payday 2. More enjoyable game and the people that play are cool as hell to play with. To those are real gamers and read this thread feel me and make your decision. Enjoy your Choice!
,Not Recommended,298900,28379701,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Erufen Rito,"I'm refunding this disaster.The game was delayed twice, and for what? It is a broken mess. The audio quality is laughable. The voice lines are extremely repetitive and frequent. The ragdoll physics and chunks are awful, to say the least. As far as I'm concerned, the game is in pretty much the same state as it was during the beta. I called ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when they delayed it for one week, because I honestly doubted it would make a difference, and it seems I'm mostly right.In the 280 or so minutes I played, I spent a cumulative 60 staring at a loading screen. Did you know you can skip the chapter introductions? I found out because one happened to load before the voiceover finished reading what was on the screen, and then the game crashed when I clicked skip.The game crashes. A lot. I have a very beefy system, yet my FPS dips as low as 20 at times, that is if the frame doesn't freeze.Star Wars Republic Commando had an archaic, but functional squad AI control scheme. Compared to this, RepCom's feels like future tech.It is impossible to find a multiplayer match. 15 minutes of refreshing the empty server list, plus an aditional 15 minutes waiting for players to join. One chap managed to join, we started the game, waited about 5-8 minutes behind the loading screen, loaded into the match, took 2 steps forward, and crashed imediatly after.I pray to Gaben his goons will grant my refund, because this is honestly an unpolished, unfinished, unoptimized release. Oh and btw, the preorder exclusive weapon is just a reskined power fist. So I'm fine if they take away the mace."
,Not Recommended,298900,28367438,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ztripez,"I was hoping for a L4D2 meets Spacemarine crossover, what I got was a railshooter you can get lost in.This is my first refund; Yes it's that bad in the current state.- Information on our objective was always missing. Sometimes we all had information on what todo, sometime none of us, and sometime just one. The confusion was high in our group.- The game is boring, we played on hard with friendly fire, and yes we died. But not because the game was hard but becaus CQB is a mess in this game.- You walk, you shoot, you walk, you shoot. You backtrack because your're lost. You walk.. well you get the the general idea. The gameplay is uninspiring and boring.- Melee... it's bad, really really bad.- You levels and progression will be lost between levels. Yes, for real.I love the 40K universe and I was hoping to play as a Terminator Spacemarine with my friends and purge the xeno scum with my friends, but alas no.Do not buy."
76561197974570975,Recommended,298900,28368977,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[TBR]ScottyB,I still think the game is great but. The frame rate issues need to be adressed ASAP. i have max requirements and im running the game on low and still get staggering frame rate loss for no reason at random parts of the map. please fix it!!!!Over all game is great looks and feels like 40k when the frame rate wants to work.
,Recommended,298900,28394988,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Babalonkie,"I hear lots of people having problems on ATI and AMD. I am on intel and nvidia... runs like a charm.Lots of references to lore, the landscapes and level design is glorious.40k fan here and even though the players character has a few flaws i understand why for a game, so i will let it slide. The rest of the story is awesome for a space hulk adventure.Coop doesnt feature all of the story cutscenes, so if you want fun with friends, play co-op... if you want a detailed story... play campaign... or do both in a certain order :)There is also correct progression in campaign, with character abilities, squad abilities and psy power abilities too. Guns are progressivly unlocked through relics and story. In coop however you have to pre select for each level on guns and psy only."
,Recommended,298900,28512465,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Corvus,"Suprisingly fun both SP and MP.I guess im lucky as i haven't really been plagued by the issues that alot of others have had. Other than 1 CTD and occasional FPS drop during the larger tyranid rush (in large open areas) it's been fine on a mixture of maxed/high settings @1080p.MP is great fun and fps drops arent to bad if you're used to ARMA3 MP Servers... but with an patch or two i suspect that it'll be fixed sooner rather than later.I do not regret the purchase of this game one bit, however i can understand the apprehension some might have. Waiting for a sale or hold off for a while and see if the game performance improves with a patch or two."
76561198006582087,Not Recommended,298900,28515412,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kempe,"Feels like the game has potential but was rushed out to market way ahead of time. That makes it a bad game at the moment.+ Good feeling, as a man who liked wh40k as a child, this really capture it's feeling.- Single player go into map and chack a defence cannon and when you are done, suddenly you are equiped with heavy weapons instead of your force axe etc and thus have far longer casting time. wtf?- Apotechare is great, it gives healing to team, however it's very boring without any form of progression. Give it option to have abetter firing weapon like heavy flamer and it'd would be great.- No progression in multiplayer lasts.- If you go for co-op each group must have a healer or it's game over.- The healer has no progression at all, can upgrade to close combat shotgunbolter but I it not worth it, first ranged weapon, bolter, is way better.- No option to have progression in a few simultationous campains with different friends.- No heavy flamer in multiplayer, the weapon with best feeling.- Assault cannon has 1 second before it starts to fire, really annoying for the game feeling."
76561197986294348,Recommended,298900,28381474,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Major_Cj,"Single player; Best 40k game, hands down. The atmosphere has been captured perfectly, and this is the game I have been waiting for. It strikes a great balance between lore and gameplay, and it really is the best you could ask for in keeping both sides (the lore nerds like me and the 'gamey' culture) happy.I haven't had any performance issues so far, and I have encountered no bugs, and I must say that after the beta the team has done a lot of work to sort out the problems that were present there. I like that they delayed the release and they seem to have used that time well.I tried to play a CoOp game with a friend and he had a lot of trouble (as he did in the beta) getting in the game, and once in he would freeze and/or diconnect. It must be something to do with his PC as I have not ecountered any problems thus far, but if not then perhaps there are some multiplayer problems to resolve. As it has only just been released, I hope people give the team time to sort this before flooding the Steam page with negative reviewsAs the game has been strongly aimed towards the single player market, I also hope people don't buy this game for a COD style online feature and then complain that it isn't that at all. It is mainly a single player game with the chance to play through the missions with others, and I personally love the fact that they have gone this way rather than trying to cash in on the online shooter market, which 40k really isn't suited to in my opinion. It's like TES; it's great that there is Elder Scrolls online, but give me the main game (Morrowind, Obvlivion, Skyrim etc) as a single player only game so I can lose myself in it, and kudos to this lot for doing that AND giving us the change to play with friends.I think with this game a lot of people need to know what it is; a very good representaion of the lore with regards to a space hulk. Slow, confined combat in extremely cramped (and ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful) maps. This is what it should be, and I love it. Kill as many as you can before they get close else they will rip you a new one.People are already complaining that it is 'slow' and 'confined,' well yes it is and so it should be, this is exactly what it shoud be.I hope the team can sort out the problems some are having, as this really is the best example of a 40k game there has been and a great first (♥♥♥♥ off it basically is) move into the 40k FPS universe. If they can keep the people happy by fixing any present problems (and they have done well to improve so much in the extra week or so they gave themselves) I hope this will earn them a sequel as I think this small team have done an awesome job in capturing the grim atmosphere of the 40k universe."
,Not Recommended,298900,29175240,Posted: 10 January,all,Stronghans McIronuts,My thoughts and feelings are about the same as everyone else.My only problem is that the ending was extremely anticlimactic.
76561198006527232,Not Recommended,298900,28747264,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shocking,"A technical mess, not worth the amount they are asking for when the game has so many problems. AI bugging out, frame drops, chapters having to be restarted as the game fails to load progression on levels leaving you stuck and the list goes on but you can decide for yourself if you want to try it. I'd suggest when it is on sale and has had the problems fixed ( if they plan to even do so)."
,Recommended,298900,28368975,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Marec_Kaal,"I'm very excited to play through the campaign. I haven't successfully finished a level yet, but I'm already hooked. I've played for a few hours so far, and Deathwing is amazing. The environments are gorgeously detailed, and feel like there could always be something coming for you. The weapons I've tried so far work very well, and there's nothing like being an Assault Terminator with the mace and storm shield and splattering whole groups of genestealers in a single swing.I personally don't really care for the Dark Angels as much as other Space Marine chapters (Blood Angels FTW!), but I'm definitely enjoying it. Here's to the hope of other chapter of Space Marines in the future!"
76561197970403420,Recommended,298900,28368784,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Poe,"It's good.It is akin to playing L4D co-op wise, only with the Speeesh Merrrrines!I went out of my way to recover the Progenoid Glands from my fallen brothers rectally...Anyway, If you have a good group of mates its sure to be a good time."
76561197987034414,Recommended,298900,28381837,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,His Dudeness,"This is kinda tragic.Theres fun to be had here. They nailed the warhammer look and feel, and the gameplay is actually pretty solid. The problem is how buggy the release is. I havent had the fps bug people are reporting, but i have personally run into network issues, some strange equipment glitches, and even a complete loss of my ability to shoot, melee, and use abilities.I desperately want to like this game, because IT IS FUN, but the bugs are just too much right now, especially considering the game was delayed to fix bugs.Recommending because the game isnt bad, but take it with a grain of salt since the bugs are pretty painful right now."
76561197969292249,Recommended,298900,28394890,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,h4rlequin,It may be unoptimised and buggy (not that I've suffered too badly in this regard) but if you're a 40k fan then you'll love this.The tone and aesthetics are absolutely spot on.
76561197987668595,Recommended,298900,28380718,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cervantes,"Decent game. I played for three hours before I crashed when opening the inventory menu (fatal error), other than that I had none of the stability issues other people mentioned.Since I actually played a little bit of E.Y.E a long time ago with a friend, I can recognize some of the amateur-ish things in this game that seem to be the devs' trademark : barely any music and ugly UI.However, the atmosphere is good, the graphics are great (even if the performances are not) and the gameplay feels nice. Combat is satisfying, teamplay is basic but important and the game can get pretty challenging (even if the lack of ammo management makes things a lot easier). I've done the first mission and a bit of the second one - only in MP - and so far I'm quite happy with the game.I have doubts on how long it will keep people's interest in its current state though. Without any progression, and not that many weapons to choose from, I can see it getting dull pretty fast. But that could be said of any such game, like Killing Floor 2 where you end up picking the same weapons again and again and grinding XP for your class.I want this game to be successful, so they add more things to it. Heavy Flamers and Chainfists in Multiplayer seem like a must have ASAP. Cyclone Missile Launchers could be made to work in enclosed spaces (danger close for those who play with friendly fire on though) as a heavy weapon. Combi-Bolters could also be added as an alternative to the Storm Bolters. Later on the road I could see a Chaos campaign expansion.There is much that could be done with this game, and despite the game's flaws I feel like the devs deserve the money."
76561198006925894,Recommended,298900,28381785,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Iron_droid,"We got what we were promised - space marines, genestealers and Space Hulk itself!Looks pretty good. I've never met any of those terrible problems that the other reviewers describe. No crashes, runs fast on the maximum video settings (i5-6600K, 16 Gb, GTX 970).Good game,."
76561197994806571,Recommended,298900,28522507,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BrotherFluffy,"Good, but not great.Let me preface this with a caveat.  If you are not a 40K fan, or a fan of Space Hulk, there are probably other, better horde based online co-op shooters.  If you're a fan of Space Hulk, either the video game, or original tabletop game, then this is worth a try, at bare minimum.Pros-The visuals.  The details, the settings,  all of it are beautifully rendered, and each map has a unique feel to it, while being wholly part of the 40K universe and keeping a dark, oppressive atmosphere to it.-The sounds.  From the harsh bark of your storm bolter to the crackle of psionic lightning to the eerie shriek of an oncoming genestealer, the sounds are all very impressive.-The feel.  It's been about 20 years since we've donned Terminator armor in an FPS game, and Deathwing nailed the feeling of wearing that suit of thick ceramite and adamantium.  You feel heavy, cumbersome, but not so much that you feel you can't do anything or move quickly.  You do have a sprint bar, but it empties out pretty quickly.-Overall gameplay.  It's everything I've wanted, mechanically, in a Space Hulk game.  You and your squad, slowly making their way to their objectives, all while fighting off hordes of ravenous genestealers.Cons-Some performance issues.  The latest patch seems to have fixed a LOT of problems, but some do seem to be persisting.  You should be okay now, but keep this in mind before buying.-The story.  Yeah, it's there, and it's pretty interesting, but it's not very deep.  Considering they touted this as being written with Gav Thorpe, a rather accomplished 40K novelist, there is a shocking lack of any sort of character development.  Your squadmates say maybe one or two lines in each of the game's 9 chapters, and none of it was fairly interesting.  Heck, I know more about Brother Barathiel from his armor than I do his dialogue(he bears the shoulder plate of the Deathwatch, yet this is never brought up in conversation).  It would have been nice to see some L4D style chatter between the Space Marines.-Close combat.  Feels more like flailing, and the blood splatter obscures your vision.-Progression(or lack thereof)-This is the biggest bugbear for me.  Without a New Game +, there isn't much replayability, and all of the collectibles and gear you amass throughout the campaign disappear when you start over again, which means if you want to find every collectible, you can't even miss one single relic or else that's it, you'll have to go back to square one.  Multiplayer progression is also...odd, as it won't carry over past the chapter you're currently playing.  Having the perks/benefits and gear unlocked going to a more permanent system would be a good way to resolve those issues.Overall: 7.5/10  Good if you're a 40K fan, and a solid game, but plenty of room for improvement."
,Recommended,298900,28822296,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ambassador Pineapple,"Bear with me because I already feel like an idiot saying this as it is.  I do not understand why this game is getting such bad reviews and I am forced to believe that people are actively lying about the game in their reviews, are extremely terrible at this game, or are playing this game on a graphical setting that their machines can't handle.Since launch, I have only experienced TWO instances of game breaking issues which were both on the first day it was released.  Since the SECOND DAY it was released, I have not had a single graphical issue or crash.  I literally don't know what to say.For people who want game reviews that are legitimate and going to give it to you straight up, check out Worth A Buy on youtube.  That man has not steered me wrong once.And just an example of one person who actively lies in their review, here you go:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981089121/recommended/298900"
76561198010238846,Recommended,298900,28419472,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kenshiro,"While it has a rough multiplayer mode right now due to crashes and disconnects , the core game is brilliant and the single player is very stable. The multiplayer issues are nothing a patch cannot fix. (this review was written a few days after release)Pros--AMAZING level design and character detail , this puts every game released to date to shame with the amount of detail put into everything you see on screen. The levels are immense and awe inspiring , they definetly got the warhammer 40k theme down. The genestealers have visible battle damage , every bullet leaves a hole or eventully tears a limb , flamers conflagorate everything , the assualt cannon deletes a hallway with alot of mush left over , and striking with melee weapons crushes limbs and evicerates opponents leaving blood dripping from the ceiling. To sum it up , the fighting in this game never gets old.-Weapon selection is very good. There are a decent amount of arms to choose from and each has its own purpose and feel while staying  relevant through out the game. For example , the storm bolter may be down on damage compared to the heavier weapons but it will never jam , or the flamer may have short range but it leaves fire on the ground damaging anything that crosses it. The melee weapons may dominate at close range but fails against the hybrids in the rafters shooting krak missiles. Choose your squad's weapons wisely so you can handle each situation.-The story is decent , nothing ground breaking but interesting the whole way through. The dialogue of the main characters is well done with the brief amount of talking there is. My only complaint is the ending is very abrupt.-Sound effects do a great job to give the feel your being hunted through the space hulk. You can hear the genestealers moving throughout the space hulk , using rafters and pipes to flank you , clawing at doors you sealed , running through the shadows but you can't quite make them out.Cons--Multiplayer is essentially unplayable right now , but the few times i got a decent game going it was VERY fun , especially with friends.-While your squad mates are generally very useful and do a great job fighting and watching your back , they sometimes derp out and can be annoying. I noticed that if you equip your brothers with melee weapons they won't actively charge at the genestealers unless you order them to defend or attack otherwise they wait for the enemy to close to them.-its short , it took me about 14 hours to beat , but thats with alot of dying and failed multiplayer attempts. I would say the actual singleplayer game time would be around 8-10 hours.ConclusionHighly recoomend if you enjoy the warhammer universe , these guys hit it spot on. If your new to warhammer , it is a very good shooter that i would say is to good to pass up. And once multiplayer is fixed i can see ALOT of fun trying to accomplish a playthrough with your buddies. The game is also quite difficult and presents a challenge for those that want it."
,Recommended,298900,28392313,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,101st.Snake,Fun game i like it deffinatly worth the purchase! has a few issues at the moment but nothing that cant be fixed with a patch or 2. biggest one is some stuttering and fps drops. the other is a few minor annoying bugs but nothing game breaking like hud errors and the like...the game is challenging but fair...only gripe with gameplay is the ai teammates are kind of....stupid...not completelly useless but you wll have to play baby sitter to them every once in a while...story is good so far everything seems to make sense and fit...sound is good wish there was some music though...some creepy ambience would have gone a long ways to making it more atmospheric clunking around the hulk killing stuff...graphics are decent nothing super amazing but deffinatly not garbage....have yet to enter multiplayer since i am still doing the singleplayer portion atm but from the beta i played it was basicly the singleplayer experience with intelligent players insead of bots...hopefully the latency is not terrible...all in all like this game hope to see more from it in the future!
76561198013424448,Recommended,298900,28392408,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Space Sloth,Really fun
,Recommended,298900,28381143,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Λ ChrisZPR,"First off, almost all the negative reviews are due to a really bad launch, with the game running like aids. I personally didn't have any issues, but I must be the minority. However, even with that being said, most the negative reviews say the same thing: The game is fun, but it runs poorly. The issues will probably be fixed by the time you even finish reading this.All I have to say is I've had no issues whatsoever (reccomended specs, gtx 970 etc) on high settings, I get a minor fps drop to 32ish when theres a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of dirty xenos on screen, but other then that the games fine.Nothing can express the pure joy I had unloading an assault cannon into a huge wave of genestealers. My erections lasted longer then 4 hours, call a doctor."
76561197964846496,Recommended,298900,28381754,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Andrinor,4 chapters into the campaign and loving it.  No issues with bugs or performance so far.  From what I have read of other reviews and my experience with the game so far need to have a moderate high end system to run the game well.
76561198292234837,Not Recommended,298900,28428443,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Edelwiess,"Made this account specifically for this gameHail brothers!For returning veterans of the well aged Space Marines 40 k (Exterminatus) and the ill concieved Eternal Crusade; i salute you and well met.Sadly, this also means you know what you are getting with a Games Workshop label; an overhyped game with no dedicated server for multiplayer. Let me reiterate, the multiplayer has horrible latency to the point of near unplayability. To make matters worse, it is fraught with glitches and bugs.However, the game's aesthetics are wonderfully designed; the atmosphere, maps and player models are all rendered true to the lore and then some.For now, my slightly biased(Im a fan) rating of this game is 7/10To Devs: For all the money coming in from the tabletop and video games, is it too hard to ask for dedicated servers for mulitplayer? And what happened to customisation? Eternal crusade has paid customisation(5 dollars for an aquilla?! In a fully paid game??!) and now this game has none except for weapons?"
76561198012822516,Recommended,298900,30511927,Posted: 14 March,all,grand theft swayze train,"Great game, wish there were more players for co-op.Cons: the game is definitely not optimized... don't expect it to be totally polished. Sometimes it will randomly crash (although the totally game breaking bugs seem to have been fixed).Pros: The mechanics of the game involve strategic positioning and planning. Combat is entertaining and the maps are long and challenging."
,Recommended,298900,28436788,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,fenlander,"One of the most atmospheric FPS games I have played since Killing Time on the 3DO. The whole game for me runs very smooth on my 4 year old PC even with all the settings turned up to maximum, even when streaming I didn't notice any drop in frame per second either.The artwork and visuals looked spot on for Warhammer 40K and the development team have done a brilliant job at bringing the Space Hulk environment to life.Can't wait to try it out in Multiplayer with a couple of friends from work.Just don't play this game in a dark room on your own, it will send chills down your spine and bring you out in cold sweat.CPU= AMD FX-8350 4.01GHz16GB of RAM64bit OSWindows 10AMD RX9 480 8GB"
,Not Recommended,298900,28419536,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,drunkpuppies,This game is riddled with bugs and crashes. I don't recommend buying it in it's current state.
76561197971823125,Not Recommended,298900,28419527,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Blazor117,im a huge dawn of war fan >< but this game is a meh.    if you think your going to get something as great as left4dead you better keep looking elsewhere...  if they keep working on this game it can be great but right now its far to buggy esp multi.  i will change this review to positive if they fix things up.
76561197991501320,Recommended,298900,28380203,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blank Stare,Good solid game. Has bugs and some issues but it's nothing a few patches can't fix.
,Not Recommended,298900,28910000,Posted: 1 January,all,Chrusciki,"seems very unfinished, crashes a lot, not very balanced.its like they wanted to get it out for christmas and didnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game state.would not recomend until they deloy 5 patches to fix the game and compelete it."
76561198121950481,Not Recommended,298900,29175704,Posted: 10 January,all,Franky4Twenty,Developers! Please Optimize the effing game!!! ~~~~~ thx :)
,Not Recommended,298900,28842569,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BawBaggins,"buggy, game play is boring and predictable, Story is 2 dimentional rubbish. As far as 40k games go this is the worst ive seen in years. I suggest you play space marine, far more enjoyable with a better story line.  Also graphicly this game feels like it was made over 5 years ago.  Also buggy as hell on release, no wander they delayed it. Sorry 40k fans but this game isnt one id suggest any fans buy. If they are going to make a game for 40k they really need to work harder than this ."
76561197970773588,Recommended,298900,33454005,Posted: 11 July,all,Milo.[HUN],"A very thoughtful adaptation of the board game into the genre, the best Warhammer shooter in a long time.Lots of negative press mostly due to the immature release. With the number of recent patches, the game is however as it should have been: working stable with good performance and it's a ton of fun with friends.Hope the devs keep pushing and find a way to re-release this gem somehow so that it gets the praise it now deserves."
76561198072514745,Not Recommended,298900,28587578,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lien Nostik,too repetitive
,Not Recommended,298900,28589744,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Norlzz,I was one of those poor saps that believed the devs few posts they actually made. This was a waste of money.
,Recommended,298900,28417315,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Eidolon,"I actually enjoy this game. Despite my poor system requirements, I'm still able to run the game at low/medium settings. Game's fast paced, makes you not stay in one place too long before you get overwhelmed. Nonetheless it's enjoyable with friends. 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,298900,28404313,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Disgruntled,"First of all: I really want to like this game. I really do.I love the Warhammer 40k setting, I love coop vs horde games... even some crappy ones. But this.. nope!+ The environment.+ The grimdark feeling to the game.+ Attention to details.+ Prelaunch gameplays ... yeah they looked awesome.- No character progression in multiplayer. Its all reset for each new session.- Static enemies. They just stand there or start from a set point. No roaming/patrolling. Why should we lock doors then?- The terrible lowresolution explosions and enemies when using thermal. Why?- The low-fps displayed characters, be it enemies or friendlies. They look like badly inserted gifs.I did try the open beta a bit and thus I did not dare to play more of the actual game due to refund policies. And as I said before: I do not have particular high standards when it comes to game with a setting I am fond of, which is in this case.But this was terrible. Maybe its worth buying in a year or so. If you enjoy the setting and gameplay."
76561198314707744,Not Recommended,298900,28366805,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Scoobs,Very poorly optimized. was expecting better
76561198035205083,Not Recommended,298900,28379794,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Melkor,"Refund, could not get passed the very first loading screen.Very unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,298900,28368060,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sigurd,"Currently the game is nigh unplayable due to framerate issues, and I couldn't reccomend to anyone who doesn't have the absolutely latest top-end hardware.The price is also quite high for what the game seems to have offered through my laggy introduction to it."
76561197970498114,Not Recommended,298900,28846629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ambulance Man,Broken Game. Multiplayer not like Left 4 Dead. All progression is removed per level per character. Game usually crashes in Multiplayer. Single Player is Okay. Game is more like 15 Dollars not 30. Wait for Steam Sale at 75%
,Not Recommended,298900,28381829,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ghst,"I'm a huge fan of Warhammer and Warhmmer40k, i've been waiting for this game all year long. The hype is dead, even looking past the large amount of bugs in this game, the game just isn't fun. I ran around for 15 minutes with some coop mates trying to find the objective while just holding my fire button down. No real strategy besides keep the apoc alive and let our shield bearer move in front. Many people thought this was going to be WH40k + L4d which is an amazing combination that worked great with Vermintide. Sadly this is just a slaughter enemies down hallways simulator.The only positive mentions are the game looks pretty good, sound is great, and the terminator monitors look awesome. However, I can't recommend this game at almost 40 dollars. If you're interested in this game wait until it's on sale, hopefully there's people still playing it then."
76561198069009652,Recommended,298900,28431420,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,F cap on cuchi,It's a victory of style over substance but it is indeed a victory.
76561197971073368,Recommended,298900,28689867,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"Good if you like the idea of being a terminator wandering through a space hulk killing genestealers. As that is what it is, no more no less. Some good weapons in there too, quite satisfying. The atmosphere felt like a proper space hulk, I like the lore and definitely felt that was done well. tbh some reviews treat this like they expected more....I read about it, watched videos....got what I paid for.More work on this to expand would go a long way to making something special. But for the mo, it's decent for what I paid for it, by far the best Space Hulk game I reckon...."
,Recommended,298900,28422328,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dja Akh,"Hi,First of all, let me tell you: This is a very preliminary review. I haven't finished the game, yet, nor did I spend an enormous amount of time on it. However, the game came out recently without a beta or early access, which is why there are not too many reviews and that makes it difficult to decide, whether one wants to buy the game or not.If you are considering it, you probably should. The game is pretty much, what they promise and what you can see in the videos. There's no ""big surprise"" in either direction. It is indeed a somewhat less polished version of Vermintide, but in the 40k universe and you're a freaking Terminator!If you, however, want to wait a bit until the game is a bit more polished and until a few bugs have been dealt with, that might be reasonable idea, too.A bit more details:The graphic engine seems a bit outdated or not used to its fullest. However, the level of detail, the love they put in the design of models and maps makes up for it imho. There are certain aspects about which there is no consense (muzzle flashs, that fill up the entire screen, details of enemy models being lost in the dark environment,...), but without any doubt, the atmosphere is very dense and well done.The voice work is pretty much, what you expect. Unfortunately, during missions, you will hear the same lines over and over again and you will barely know, who of your battle brother actually spoke. From their personality, they seem to be all the same. The sound effects, however, are top notch! Heavy weapons sound like they have quite an impact, the flame thrower is the most satisfying thing in the world and when the Stormbolter speaks everyone else is silent!In terms of gameplay I would say, the mechanics are simple enough to be not confused, but have some decent variety, when it comes to weapon and skill choices and overall tactics. I would only appreciate a bit more fleshed-out melee combat.The multiplay, unfortunately, is not playable as of now, since it crashes, whenever the host opens his inventory past character level 2, which is an essential thing to do. The multiplay is purely coop in a non-persistent way (everyone starts with the same level and equip range and everyone unlocks new abilities and gear as the level(s) progress. After each session, everyone has to start over again). It definitely has its merits and flaws, but the main problems are the lack of any form of chat, besides a few quick-commands and the crashes."
76561198008886756,Recommended,298900,30575634,Posted: 17 March,all,nated2,"At first I was not happy with this game.  I wanted to play it with a controller and not a mouse and keyboard. You can do that, however the game is not fully functional on controller.  But once I got over that disappointment, the game actually has me interested.  It is a bit dark at times but other than that, I am actually enjoying playing it.  I now recommend this game.  I think it is best played in multiplayer. Only because thinking companions work better together, however the game is very good in single player mode also.  The boards and missions are long and very detailed. They really did take time to make this game look the part.  The action is fast and furious at times but also dark and mysterious also.  You never really know where the enemy will emerge. Obviously when you play it a few times, you start to get a good idea, but that first time through, not so much. If you like the Space Hulk games and you like first person shooters, my guess is you are going to like this game.  If you don't like both of these types of games, you are probably one of the folks who may not like this one so much.  Just my opinion."
,Recommended,298900,28432492,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,heartsbane,"Not the greatest game and it does have bugs, but it reminds me of a first person Alien Swarm.  People comparing it to Vermintide or L4D are making the wrong comparisons.  This is much more similiar to an Alien Swarm type of game in an FPS setting.  Game needs to be fixed still, but I've been having a blast playing it under that mindset."
,Recommended,298900,28382969,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mtwarrior,wasnt exactly sure what to expectloved the start but i chose hardest difficultyonce i changed it to normal and learned the game more loved itchapter 7 atm single player melee warhammer is dope with the magic abilitieslore helps as well watch lore vids maybe to hype yourself like it's a porn Cxmultiplayer is different but still good. respawn instead of medkit based
76561198014737051,Not Recommended,298900,28471699,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Smudge,"Ok I love the 40k series.However this is a poor represetation, the multiplayer is really lacking compaired to the previous outings. This is a table top base game (Social based).... why focuse the solo part? This game needs co-op progression. Like a few previous titles in the 40k series.So the balance:Positive:+ Graphics are decent+ atmosphear is good.Neutral= feels like every 40k pc/concole game= It gives a possible solution, even if the group is crap.Negitive- Co-op lets this title down.- feels like every 40k pc/concole game- It gives a possible solution, even if the group is crap.ConclusionThis game has a fan base, so everyone has expectactions. Glad  I didnt pre order (This game output is decent, but not good)."
76561198060969570,Recommended,298900,28464215,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,[Real 7] Church,absolutely love it
,Not Recommended,298900,28432397,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Heavygunner,"Not worth it, yet.Under countless crashes and bugs is a quite nice game, however the devs have a lot to do till you can see that."
,Recommended,298900,28381487,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SG,"well, so far the game is alright!I played a bit with one friend on multiplayer, on the hard difficulty setting. it was hard enough that we had to diversify our classes for different tasks and be careful about our movement - tactical, like I wanted! great graphics and sound design as well. I want to continue playing but with a larger team - it looks like a full team is best for this. still haven't made it through the first chapter (of nine). looking forward to more!now for the not-so-good stuff:you may have read in other reviews that there are long load times - this is true, but they're not ""five minutes long"" like some reviews have been saying. additionally, the initial startup for games is a bit buggy. the host will load in first, and they'll get the full briefing screen with voice and everything. then the host has to wait for other players to load in before he can start playing. the other players only seem to start loading once the host's load is over, and he's already seen the briefing screen. strange, but something that is probably going to be fixed eventually. there's also a bug that causes the host to crash if he uses his inventory menu - that's a big thing that needs to be fixed, but it's not too bad, you can still play the game.I don't regret buying this game, and I think it is likely these issues will be ironed out."
,Recommended,298900,28366518,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DokoMaster,"I got no serious performance issues.i5-2500k 4,5ghz OCGTX 97016GB ramRunning from HDD and in W10.Anyhow, played trough chapter 1 alone, did couple minutes on multiplayer. Savoring this for lan party. UI is hard to grasb sometimes, also bugs like ESC does not work or can't add skills or points. Waiting for fixes."
,Recommended,298900,28857686,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Erectile Dysfunction,"I can't recall how I became aware of this game; it was probably a Reddit post during the beta.  I was immediately impressed by the environments--immense gothic sanctuaries with grim statues rising to the vaulted ceiling.  Having little knowledge of the Warhammer: 40K universe and having never played any of their games, I did a little wiki research to place the story and characters in context.  I'm glad I did, because with even cursory reading, I was able to appreciate the intricate details of the levels and character design, from relics of the Great Crusade to Avenger strike fighters decaying in hangars to statues of Primarchs and other heroes.The sound is also great.  Creaks and groans of the ancient space hulk are pierced by the cries of genestealers.  The weapon sounds are pretty satisfying as well.  Admittedly, the genestealer cries got a bit repetitive after a few levels.Overall, the gameplay is fun.  There are four difficulty levels.  I found that I rarely died on the second level but often found the third level challenging.  The enemies are a bit repetitive; there are a limited number of varieties.  The dynamic is more like Left 4 Dead or Vermintide---your small squad against the horde.  There is some variety in the weapons: bolters, assault cannons, plasma cannons, flamers, and several melee options.  The loadout options for your two squadmates are more limited.  The apothecary (healer) was particularly restrictive.  He has a maximum of three weapon options, but only one allows him to bring his healing tool.The player's character is a Librarian, which is a Space Marine with psychic powers like shooting lightning, fire, teleporting into and exploding enemies, or creating a ""vortex of doom"".  They all have varying levels of cooldown which prevent the player from entering godmode and spamming them.  Unfortunately, though you can learn seven abilities, you can only have three assigned at any given time.  That was frustrating and made no sense for the character.Space Hulk: Deathwing does need several improvements ASAP:1. New game +2. Access to more (or all) unlocked psyker powers.3. Bug fixes (e.g., inabilty to register the ""Courage"" achievement)4. Multiplayer voice chat."
76561198007371954,Recommended,298900,32399871,Posted: 13 June,all,Nagash Supreme Lord of th Undead,The full feel of the 40K universe! Best with friends
,Not Recommended,298900,28369408,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,zx2`,"Fatal errors left and right. No real improvement from the beta. Hell, they still havent added a proper zoom out function.This game needs a few more months before its done. Even the devs cant properly play their own gamehttps://clips.twitch.tv/focushomeinteractive/DeadWombatPMSTwin"
76561198017618037,Not Recommended,298900,28747667,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MysteryNigga,"Boring, monotonous and a waste of the 40k franchise. The entire thing is unrewarding and just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,298900,28562166,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Stormrider,Poorly optimised with dull gameplay and a really sluggish feel to it. Refunded as a major disappointment.
76561198008346385,Recommended,298900,28408410,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Scrapper,"With the exception of the amd cpu folks who can't get the game to run I really don't understand all the hate for this game.I've played space hulk games since the Amiga 500 and I think (aside from a few bugs and interface issues) they've nailed the lions share of this game. Personally I like the lack of user saves, it increases tension when going for relics etc and the difficulty on higher levels is a challenge. I think for a non-AAA game the graphics are great and the 'feel' is right as far as the subject matter is concerned (You're a terminator not a ninja so your movement isn't as dynamic as say a COD game and the weapons are true to form). Now I've not played multiplayer and I'm aware there are issues with crashing there so I can't comment on it.My only gripes thus far would be;* Commanding your team mates is a chore and that interface needs work, as is it's a bit clunky and can be difficult to get them pointing in the right direction. I find myself accidently healing myself when getting the AI to lock a door which is a minor annoyance.* Enemy and friendlyAI pathfinding occasionally gets tripped up but not in a massive way that I've seen, though the team mate AI having a boner for walking in front of you while you're shooting can get annoying.* Couple of minor frame drops here and there but nothing massive.* Some idea of how many stages there are in a chapter would be nice so I can pace my relic finding within a mission rather than gathering them before tackling any mission objectives.* Occasional minor bugs but again nothing massive (BF1 still has the unable to fire after revive bug months after release ffs).^ Very patchable stuff and the devs put the release back to fix some stuff on more than one occasion, for a small developer I think that's brave and demonstrates commitment (I'm sure their cashflow would have been tight).All that said I've really enjoyed it thus far and think the devs, particularly for a smaller studio, have done a really good job.30 odd bucks well spent IMO."
76561198192785207,Not Recommended,298900,28525421,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alith Anar,Olay I love warhammer but ill tell you this..this game is so repetitive that it hurts like it literally hurts there is no pregression no reason to keep playing it other than you like the atmosphere which good luck trying to enjoy when you have genestealers constantly trying to bash your ♥♥♥♥ing brains in. Im going to say Pass on this as i feel the lack of lol anything in this game will keep you playing longer than the time I have and by then you cannot refun ( Lucky Me) so steer clear mayflies this game is not very good you arent missing anything move along.
76561198006106502,Recommended,298900,28383124,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,the mysterious assassin,"It's a solid game. Has terminators, psychic abilities, big guns and lots of xenos. Don't know what performance drops everyone is talking about."
,Recommended,298900,28478381,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Death Marine Primarch,"3 bad things I noticed right off the bat.1. Your battle brothers do not use melee in melee situations that often.  I see it happen sometimes, but not like it should.  Doesn't bother me too much because I am usually in the front.  They also seem to like to get in the way sometimes while shooting.  A minor inconvienence at best, but nothing that concerns me too much.2. When you hack something, sometimes when you go back to the game your loadout will change to what it previously was.  Sometimes it helps as you can pick a loadout that you don't like and then it randomly sends it back to something better.  It can go both ways.3. Last thing I can think of sometimes the genestealers will get stuck in spawn points giving you free kills, or will keep spawning in the same one allowing you again, free kills.  Which again, isn't that bad.Better things.  This game captures the grimdark of 40k very well.  Space hulk feels like it should with dark corridors, and long narrow hallways.  It transitions very well between closed space to open space.  You really feel like a terminator, and its awesome.  The weapon selections are awesome, although rather lacking for your battle brothers.  Melee is viable in this game and isn't complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  The sounds are great, the movement is great, the feel is great.  I have been waiting for this game for a long time.Onto multiplayer.  Now the way you unlock weapons and abilities is...interesting to say the least.  Every map it resets and you have to rank up each map.  Not a huge deal as you gain ranks very quickly and the action makes up for it.Last thoughts.  This game was just released.  Give it time and they will make it better with updates.  The fixed a lot of the past few months and they will listen to what we have to say.  What they have done for the 40k fandom is amazing and no one has really done it before.  I am a huge 40k fan and this game blew me away with how awesome it is.  I give it an 11/10 and recommend it to literally everyone I know, 40k fan or otherwise."
76561198005172006,Not Recommended,298900,28481786,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,babycakes666,i am not happy with you your lucky i played more then 2hr of the game so i cant refund ittheres no SLI!!! theres no optimization and its UR4 are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding mei found a way to make it run less♥♥♥♥♥♥for now IF you deside to fix ityou give it the killingfloor2 gpu profile for nvidia and its runs much bettercant force SLI it dones not run well
76561198003142155,Recommended,298900,28489512,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zomby1872000,"despite the negative reviews, i think this is a great game. it does have a few graphical bugs but overall its a must play for me. the graphics are great and the atmosphere is well done.  although it does get repetative.  then again im still in the beginning of the game. after the bugs are fixed im sure itll be alot better"
76561197992559977,Not Recommended,298900,29907219,Posted: 13 February,all,dka721,"Honestly dissapointing, this game looked so promising but the multi player was a huge let down.  Single player campaign was fun and if you like solo gmae play you will probably have fun but the bad multi player set up killed this game for me."
76561198093700178,Recommended,298900,29955517,Posted: 15 February,all,Ryoma,"i really enjoy this game, im a big fan of the 40K universe and meny of their games so this waws something that i wanted to play from the moment i saw the trailer, the price needs to come down though, i was lucky to get it cheap but it costs a fair bitit has a few things i think it may need, more weapons, more story(maybe they can make a dlc that adds a whole new space hulk to explore) and maybe a little bit of customisation for your termernator. but overall, great game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28475798,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,WaaaghZag,"Good attempt, nailed the Warhammer 40,000 aesthetic, but beyond that it's pretty much garbage. The game is an unfinished, bug ridden piece of trash with terrible net code. So many ""fatal error"" and ""network error"" crashes. I get the impression they spent all the money on the artists and hired some dirt cheap programmers fresh out of university.I wanted this game to be really good and it had the potential, but ultimately is let down technically and a huge disappointment."
76561198052259759,Recommended,298900,28480309,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,rjceynar (Atlas),"I actually really enjoyed the game. It really feels like a first person shooter set in the 40k universe, something that is really absent on the current game market. There are a multitude of bugs to worry about, but with a few patches I'm sure they will be a thing of the past."
76561198042617200,Not Recommended,298900,28482249,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Look She Glows,"Hard core 40k fans will probably love the single player campaign...once.Great atmosphere, visuals and sounds but the game is essentially exaactly the same the whole way through.No incentive to play a level more than once, no progression, looting systems ect.Items in multiplayer (if you can find a game) are pathetically limited.Multiplayer itself is awful. Infact its worse than single player. Players are apothocary reliant and he will have a ♥♥♥♥♥ of a time finding players in hoards where it is needed the most.I really really hope that this game picks up but I cant see it happening."
76561198182758425,Recommended,298900,28877003,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Upgrade,"I can't say that I'm a 40k fan boy, but this game isn't bad at all especially for 33 bucks when on sell. When getting use to commands of your three man team the AI is up to par.  There has been times where one of the Terminators is always watching your back and firing on enemies way before I can spot them. Graphics, maps and game play is top notch compared to other main stream games.Down falls of the game is that never keeps the display settings when staring up. I'm on a eyefinity setup and every time loading on the game it displays on three screens before changing. Loading times takes forever. And once and awhile you do have check to see if one of terminator brothers is following your lead. Once and awhile I have command one of the brothers to get his♥♥♥♥♥over here and keep up."
76561198000647721,Recommended,298900,28948714,Posted: 2 January,all,NessyLunatic,"Overall the game is amazing. It's an impressive representation of the 40k universe. It's dark, gritty, bleak and visceral. However, there are some really annoying bugs in game that can be frustrating. Using the loadout screen and map are the two areas I've noticed it most. Despite being put off a bit by the bugs it's still one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,298900,29108065,Posted: 7 January,all,OneProduct,"The fun of this game is about playing on the highest difficulty with friendly fire on and with a few buddies in voice chat and then planning and executing a plan to perfection.There is no permanent progression, just you improving in skill as _you_ gain experience, not your in-game character. Permanent progression isn't necessary and those upset about the lack of it are upset about something the game never tried to offer. Left 4 Dead is a beloved game in this style without permanent progression either.The game is about coordination and enjoying the beautiful atmosphere and the Warhammer 40K universe.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSq5m3tnnCk&list=PLAe2BCBg8rkI9PJT3z484y2uuVQTCrX1P"
76561198039525207,Recommended,298900,30204237,Posted: 26 February,all,Bloukraai,"Hi its a ok game even though its received some flak. i've have completed all the chapters. And ive had multiple opportunities to play it with a peer and i find it quite thrilling to be back 2 back in the thick of it. Situations can bequite challenging at times, but its all worth it. I am however a bit biased because of my 40k background.The environments have a great feel. I have to say well done to the team for the effort. Its Dark and dreary and torn form the embattled 40k universe just like i imagined. The story needs more fluff and the multiplayer a bit more sustainability,I have encountered a bug here and there, but nothing serious. I've seen some improvements on load times as well.I am looking forward to seeing more content for this title."
76561198042973352,Recommended,298900,28475565,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Starfury,Graphically and atmospherically this is amazing when you get to play it.What lets it down are the servers which are terible it takes me ages to find a game and most of the time theres a network error at some point during play so i never finish a level.
76561198014659127,Not Recommended,298900,28487621,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The Mogadon Moustache,"I'm not a 40k fanboy. I do not play with lead figures on a big table. I don't own any lead figures. I just liked the look of the game tbh. It's very pretty. In the picture dictionary, under 'atmospheric', there is a pic of this game. It is the very definition of the word. The art is fantastic, and the sound is excellent. The game runs ok on my pc with an i7 and a GTX980. Right up until the point a large number of aliens are inbound to your position. I know sub 30fps when I see it, even without an fps counter. It's awful. As soon as you have killed them all fps comes back up again very quickly. I will edit this review if it gets fixed, but right now it's really not nice at all. The weapons are of I supppose, the Bolter being the best I think. The assault cannon is rubbish. My team mate was making aliens do backflips with it, but when I got my hands on one all it did was make lovely outlines around my enemies. I would liken it to throwing a handful of peanuts at an elephant's backside. Most of them miss, and what hits only pisses it off even more. On the subject of team mates; they're ok. Useful sometimes, dim at other times. I will link my vid which shows them sometimes just standing facing a corner, and other times killing rafts of enemies while ""stand watch"". Word of warning: DO NOT GIVE YOUR MEDIC LIGHTNING CLAWS. They remove his healing tool. The lightning claws seem pretty useless too, being close range melee weapons, and having armor made from rock candy, means you can't actually engage many aliens with them before you require a heal from the medic, which are limited use too. Unless you warp back to the thingy place, which refills the medic's tool, and your health. There ought to be an order to give the medic that makes him automatically come and heal you when you are low. But you can kind of cheese out this game by nipping back to the warp thingy place and refilling your medic's stuff. This is also the way for all melee weapons. No incentive to use one over a ranged attack. Someone said in another review that your armor feels inadequate, and I agree a lot. You're supposed to be a walking tank, and I never felt like that. The alien swarms need optimizing massively, then buff the player's armor a lot, and then add more aliens. I want to be literally surrounded on all sides by biting clawing, monsters that want to eat me, but I'm damn near inpenetrable to their claws and teeth. Only taking actual damage from other weapons. You do possess some powers which feel largely useless too. I haven't experienced them all yet, but the ones I have I forgot about during missions sometimes. That's how memorable they were. The action is very periodic too. You're either trudging around looking for a door or just the way to the objective, or your fighting for your life. Not much at all in between. I could continue for some time about this game and it's pro's and cons, but you need a decision, and it's a no, not yet anyway. I would wait and see what happens to this game in the next month. If it gets no updates from the developers or at least news of updates to fix the big problems, then give it a miss. If in a month's time there has been at least one decent update, then try it out. You can always get a refund.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hkFTT8PtGA"
,Recommended,298900,28495962,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Phaydren the Quirky Drowzee,Please fix the multiplayer crashes and general bugs.......
76561198020715907,Not Recommended,298900,28369146,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Comissar Khârn,The developers pushed this game back TWICE...and nothing has been fixed or addressed. 5/7 would not buy. Wait for a sale or the highly unlikely chance they might fix it. No Man's Sky 2.0
,Recommended,298900,28857504,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mattiac89,"Fun game like I like the atmosphere, new to the warhammer universe.  Fun dive into it"
76561198011731889,Recommended,298900,28431205,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Striker Tenshi,"Look im going to be real here, Deathwing COULD be an amazing game, the warhammer 40k FPS we all wanted. It's all there, and for $30ish bucks, it's not terrible. It's not perfect though, and I'll be honest it needs work. The interface is not where it needs to be for this type of game. I've not had any framrate issues and i've cleared the first 2 chapters and played several Co-op missions; plenty of Nid swarms and bugs/guts and no framerate drop (so that common/current issue is different for everyone.) The detailed graphics in the game are spectacular given the price. I am hoping they will release patches that will fix the current issues. Remember all the amazing games from the past that had abysmal launches: Battlefield 4, Destiny, The Division, ect. I LOVE warhammer 40k, and I really enjoy this game, but I know it can be better. Please don't let us down Devs.Also, are the Terminator armors sponsored by Mr. Clean 40k? How can an entire hallway be covered with blood & guts after a Nid brawl, but Terminator armors are spotless? Cmon now. Still awesome tho, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382610,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,--Nekros--,"Give it a while for fps fixes. returned due to poor performance on my pc, but plan on buying again at a later date. solid gameplay from what i experienced otherwise. if your rig is not above mid-high tier, you will have heavy fps issues."
76561198006800831,Recommended,298900,28383197,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,HammerAnvil,"Great game, no crashes so far. This is what Space Hulk games should have been like all along."
,Not Recommended,298900,28386461,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Graeme1701,Not Worth The Wait Or Hype.
,Not Recommended,298900,28417836,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dukes,"DO NOT BUY!- Horrible game. Waste of Money. Not Fun!- Played the game for 15 minutes before I tried to quit. Instead of quitting the game crashed.- Steam says I have played the game for 19 hours.- I have ONLY *PLAYED* the game for an hour.- The game was still running in the background, even as I played other games.- Steam will not give me a refund because of this.- It only took me an hour to realize the game sucks. How long will it take you?- Please do not waste your money here, buy a 40K Horus Heresy book, you will thank me./ for constructive criticism: the game has bugs, its has internet lag, it has an unacceptable amount of video lag, it has rendering issues. It takes forever, multiple minutes to load the game, load levels, load the menu to quit the game. The game crashed when you try to quit. You are supposed to be a Terminator Marine, the best of the best, yet you get killed so easily, and you cant aim your guns, and it takes multiple shots from a Bolt, an explosive round, to kill something. Sorry, but thats how it is. #iwantmymoneyback"
76561198025095893,Recommended,298900,28425487,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Chris Rude,"Intel i5 quad 2.8Ghz, 16GB ram, GTX980, everything on max, 1080p, Win10 = 60ish to 20ish FPS, no crashes, playable and enjoyable in spite of occasional slow downs (getting same slowdowns even if I turn the settings down, so at least enjoying the best it has to offer).I'm a SpaceHulk fan since I was a kid, love the design and vibe of 40k, but SH was always special. Loved the Amiga game, and this is my wet dream. Everyone who is dissing this only because of a few slowdowns (when you have 60 enemies on screen, being torn apart and incinerated with limbs flying and blood splattering left right and centre) is missing the point. If you don't like the atmosphere, don't buy this, if you do, you'll be blown away. It dripps atmosphere, 5.1 sound is amazing. It's dirty, gritty, rusty, brutal, it hits home in all the right spots.Now if it freezes and crashes on your system, different story, but I gave this a shot and I don't regret it, even though I know it could be locked 60 FPS easy on my sysem, as I get in 99% of titles still, so there's plenty of room for optimisation.But, it's everything I wanted from a Space Hulk game, love it, would recommended to any SH fan who's system can run it."
76561198040939712,Recommended,298900,28382104,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DEMONIC_696,Good game overall. Team comp is important for hard mode. servers are currently potato but hopfully it will improve.
,Not Recommended,298900,28386451,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mr. Pink,"Played during the beta, tons of problems, tons of bad decisions which resulted in a lot of community feedback, none of which they seem to have addressed.On release everything about the menus and ui in this is outdated and slow, ingame menu/maps being buggy and slow.FPS is actually much worse than in the beta so congrats on spending two weeks thorwing a bag of spanners into the works.Combat is pretty bland at best, lack of any levelling or multiplayer progression.Textures on anything more than 2 ft from you blur out giving the feeling like someone smeared grease on my characters eyes.Joined 3 different multiplayer matches to all have them DC within minutes.Buggy, badly designed, client hosted multiplayer average shooter."
76561198044461378,Not Recommended,298900,28386508,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,gshowitt,Weapons feel weak; terminators feel floaty; UI hard to parse; kept dying without realising why; production levels poor. Play Vermintide instead.
,Recommended,298900,28418009,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sir Cool,It really wasnt that bad for me. Yes it did have FPS drops every so often and the game does need to be polished. Gamplay is awesome. This game is still missing something I dont know exactly what it is. Come on guys give it a chance. There has been alot worse AAA titles being released worse than this.
,Recommended,298900,28476947,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Emma MeeMee,"It's a pretty dank game imoThe detail and the visuals are stunning, however there some bad things about itonce in a fight with the Genestealers the overall fps drops dramatically, from 60 to 25-30however, so far I love this gameshame it doesnt have a new Game+ option"
,Not Recommended,298900,28405048,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Untamed Caviar,"This isn't a wholly negative rating, since I'd recommend this game after serious patching. That said, I was really hyped for this game. Sadly, I'm getting a refund, due to the overall atrocious performance. I don't think this game is likely to have many players, since all the problems present were there during beta, and its livelihood hinges on MP. A damn shame."
76561198023793335,Not Recommended,298900,28425433,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Λ | Lefty138,"Way to many bugs for a full release, and devs who sits back and perhaps will fix some issues in a week or so. No real progress yet and the few things the game offers as progress is disabled in co-op."
76561198094240641,Not Recommended,298900,28425657,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,tazar42,"This is my first review ive ever done. and this game to be honest i propably the game that gets me conflicted since on one side the reason i bought it was to be a badass in terminator armour killing hords in giant 40 k era ships i got that  .but on the other side it lacks in alot of waygameplay gets stale in single player its fairly easy  and the Ai and completly brain dead for both enemies and allies .A good chunk of the content makes close to no sens for the singleplayer . ( turret hacking , the skill tree that just makes the game easier without realy giving you paths or builds of any kind. 3/4 of the lore feels lazy. the items your search for Relics half are useless and the other half the major ones look cool but you cant use them and they have NO lore attached to them . Also alot of the weapon unlock system is  a bit on the weak side why would the veteran of the legacy of caliban not have acces to weapons mainstream space marines have at the start of your loadout having some you unlock over time makes sense but all of it not at all ).i Trie Mp but it crashed several times or loaded for 15 min for nothing .i absolutly love the graphics of the game they feel and look so right the ambience the game gives you is perfect .performance wise  same issues as 90% of people say fps drop and random color glitch.also a few game breaking glitch of your unit being uncontrolable .  or when you warp back in having allies in walls ."
,Recommended,298900,28435711,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Melonfish,"Apart from the bugs i'd say buy this game, it is fun!It looks....well, Breathtaking quite frankly. The interiors are utterly beautiful, you are totally immersed in the 40k universe with every rust covered, purity seal encrusted pipe and girder, you go from stark metal corridors to fantastically open basillicae adorned with saints and nobles past.Bug wise i've been lucky so far, nothing major but read the forums etc for those having issues it is common for many, the only thing i've seen is your AI pals failing to register as sentient when issued commands. Expect patches soon to start dealing with these issues.Gameplay wise is a split-Single player: medium paced walk and shoot, apart from locking the odd door, there's very little tactics in this and the tasks are basic, it's the hords that make this challenging. The Narrative in single player though is excellent, what dark secrets does this ship hold of the first legion?Multiplayer: A riot of run and gun and a complete laugh, it does better at this than single tbh but again, none of the tactics from the game it is based off mostly run and gun again.so yeah, buy and enjoy, play it with your mates and it is certainly worth the money."
,Recommended,298900,28435768,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,wikkyd,Game has frame issues but looks fantastic and feels quite nice too.Long Single player campaign with multiplayer coop.The game itself is great but still needs a few patches.
,Not Recommended,298900,28435882,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"I can't give this game a recommendation in its current form. I want to like it -- I enjoyed Vermintide and I want to see this company succeed, but this game is severely rough around the edges.The one word I'd use to describe this game is: Clunky. The interface is clunky, slow, and looks like it was some stock UI plugin in Unreal with a chosen font out of some preset options. Others have commented on the bugs. For me, it just does not feel a game worth the clunkiness and rough edges, yet. If they had another 6 months to just go over everything and clean up the UI and fix bugs and add a few more passes to game models, it would have been great. But, alas, the deadline of Christmas meant cut corners."
76561198016212260,Recommended,298900,28457653,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Beornvig,"I play it with friends coop only, and it's a lot of fun.  I think some expectations were a little inflated by some gamers.  In any case, I'm having fun with it."
76561197970383151,Recommended,298900,28476824,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Blackster,"With all the nagative reviews i must say it needs some positive too.I don't feel the reviews does the game justice.It looks absolutely incredible!It catches the feeling of 40k and it grabs a hold of you.Especially if your a Space Hulk fan, but its a game for everybody.Positive:- Singleplayer really catches the atmosphere, feeling and erieness of xenos hiding and waiting to strike.- Details everywere on the maps, the terminators and genestealers are incredible!- The bulkyness of the terminators feels like it should, the weapons function as they should (Many 40k games gets this wrong).- Multiplayer makes for some instense and awsome moments were you stand back to back with your mates, feeling unstoppable, firing countless shots against hordes.Having a big sound system, playing with the lights off is intense.Remember one moment me and my old man was back to back, whole room blinking with the intense fire of my stormbolter and feeling every thump of the heavy caliber shots fired from the bolter in my chest because of the subwoofer!! Now with bits of aliens flying everywere, gore, blood... was one of the most epic moments in my gaming life !!Neutral points:- Singleplayer vs Coop: The singleplayers has more atmosphere and story to it, while the coop has increased action and intensity. Personally I would prefere the atmosphere from singleplayer, slower pace and ekstra story bits in the coop too.Though I think they did this because alot of people prefere more intensity and action to not get boared (I'am just getting old and enjoy the small things lol )Negative:- We can't get around it was a bit rushed at the end, so the game does need some polish here and there.- There are a few bugs that shoulden't have made it into the final game sadly.- The game needs a bit optimization, after playing on a moderate tech PC it tends to need a restart after a few missions.- Even on graphical settings were you can run the game smooth it tends to freeze up sometimes when loading enemys onto the map out of line of sight.Konklusion:I'am sure if it gets the support it needs from the players and the devs it will get polished with a few patches and getting the bugs fixed.It's a blast to play and looks great! it has easy to use drop in/drop out action for mutiplayer.All in all, a good game. In no way as bad as some people make it out to be.I would highly recommend it for any gamer 40k, Space Hulk, 4-player coop -fan.Only if you don't like 4-player coop or 40k setting should you avoid it, otherwise grab this one ;)"
76561198038331624,Not Recommended,298900,28519331,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tebughna,Your terminator armor is made of paper mache
76561198078151690,Recommended,298900,28382125,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,biggn82,"BUGSAs of right now I haven't really run into any issues besides the game did crash once and disconnect me from my friend’s MP game while he was getting it setup (thankfully not in the middle). I think these two issues are connected because the crash happened right after I got disconnected.MY THOUGHTSThis game is awesome, there's a gem of a game called Space Hulk: Ascension and it's amazing, this is like that except it's an FPS and not turn based. In this game, you can group up with your friends or strangers and try to survive swarms of creatures crawling out of holes in the floor, ceiling, walls etc. as you try to get to your objective, that objective could be several things from finding another squad to shutting down a reactor. I'm really enjoying it so far. It's a shooter but it's also tactical and there's a horror vibe to it as well, at least to me. There's nothing like having an auto cannon or a plasma cannon and blowing waves of genostealers (among other things) away, I've only played a little so far but I pretty much know what to expect and I know I'll love it as you push forward it only gets better with stronger enemies, better weapons and abilities etc.FOR THE SOLO MAN/WOMANYou can also play solo in a campaign where you can control your AI brethren and so far they seem pretty smart, in this game whether you're playing with your friends or AI you have the option to seal doors behind you and usually this is a smart thing to do because it blocks off the enemies from that direction (not all enemies but most), in Ascension there were enemies that could break down doors if I remember correctly but I've yet to run into them in this game yet but I'm sure they are there. I don’t think there’s anything holding you back from playing solo on MP as well or just hosting your own game.DO I RECOMMEND?Yes, it’s great, I also recommend Space Hulk: Ascension, it's great! Remember to keep an eye on your radar and talk to your brothers to stay alive!"
,Recommended,298900,31588471,Posted: 6 May,all,Selverwolf,Simple and full of thrill and action.
,Recommended,298900,28452974,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[AMG] Jamin,"Disabling all USB audio devices completely fixed my hitching issues, a solid game underneath."
76561198003180913,Recommended,298900,28432941,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,zordon,"Nails the 40K atmosphere. Fun, albeit simple game. Some jank included - your mileage may vary. Would recommend to anyone interested in 40K."
76561198021522583,Recommended,298900,31617911,Posted: 7 May,all,cardboardknight,"Wish Steam had a neutral rating score instead of only recommend or to not recommend. If you want the most likely way being a space marine is like in the 40k universe, this is the game for you. Is it fun, not really, is it interesting, maybe. It's just enjoyable enough I will continue it but if you are unsure you will enjoy this game, then wait for a sale."
,Recommended,298900,28433032,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ChewyGold,"The game does a good job at making a person feel vulnerable and small, eventhough you're in a terminator suit. It makes it really interesting. Marching through the space hulk with nothing but your squad or freinds, makes it one of the funnest warhammer games I've played. If you're going to play multiplayer, then get some friends and some voice software to talk. The game is only a little buggy, but it does have some noticable load times. All in all, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,298900,28409928,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Z Simmox,"Works as advertised for me.Too early to give a thorough review.but,it seems most of the negative reviews are based on performance issuesso,that wont go down well with those suffering from them.buti am not one of them,apart from some minor pauses occassionallyso a game perspective i can give.if your a Dark Angels freak you will love the Campaign,if your not i suggest a quick google on the chapter to get into the mood.The Gothic Art is superb the atmosphere is top notchgood sound and ambient effects voice actorsthe level design and lighting is excellentthe game starts off easy, doesnt really heat up til mission 3 when the tricky xenos roll up.Best flame thrower in a game ive seen,its great funkinda partial to the plasma canon toothe lightning claws are quite entertainingand i havent even got the thunder shield yet.i'll update this later when i finish the campaignI have only had a dozen or so MP games.it works and is similar to the campaign with some options available such as a codex rule gameit could and should be improved in time as its a little lacking in depth from what i've seen compared to the SPits off to a good start in my opinion and should only get better with some lovingif your a space hulk nut,you will love this"
76561198014701983,Not Recommended,298900,28398996,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TimmyDope,I was very much looking forward to this game having played the old space hulk game in the 90s and even the Space Crusade board game.  Before you read this review you should know I was playing on an I76700k with SLI 1070.-3/4 the time you try to connect to a multiplayer game and it disconnects.-only once have I been able to finish a mission due to the game disconnecting or the game crashing.-Freezing and slow loading screens and times.-Poor optimization and graphics bugs.-Boring repetitve gameplay-At one stage all my weapons would not work but my torch would... it then somehow changed my fire button to the escape key mid game-Another rushed out premature title most likely pushed by a publisher. The game is not currently in a playable state.In conclusion....my refund has already been processed.
76561197971311419,Not Recommended,298900,28408942,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jonny*Combat,"There's a great game here, but unfortunately they decided to release it before they'd actually finished it.Single player works to a point.  Expect to see Fatal Error messages.  Which are nice I suppose.  More like a jump scare really.  I've dubbed it the Fatal Error boss.  He's pretty damned tough to beat though, so don't expect to progress beyond a certain point in the first campaign (which for me is at the end of Chapter IV).Co-op is great fun if and when you ever get to play a game.  Usually it refers you to section 48/b of the users manual titled ""ERROR: Server Disconnected"", which unfortunately is just a blank page with a lifelike picture of you looking angry (although that may just be my reflection in the monitor).I'd recommend you buy it if you enjoy having yet another game that was rushed out the door (you love frustration), or if there's anyone you hate that you need to buy an xmas present for."
,Recommended,298900,28380164,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cyber☣Mancer,Battle Brothers who complain about the graphics and framerate need to update their PC from pre 40k eraGood game has a few bugs here and there but overall very fun
76561197983896007,Recommended,298900,31887985,Posted: 21 May,all,PurpleNurpleSkurpleTurple,"Game started off, not so great, but eventually and with time the devs have been trying to make things right, and I have enjoyed the game thus far, (now that the crashing has subsided, and FPS issues for the most part are ironed out) but yeah, it has great atmosphere, a fun team/squad based game where you maneuver through mazes inside ships to complete objectives while fighting for your life... it's fun for me anyways :) that's my opinion on it."
76561198253507944,Recommended,298900,32222481,Posted: 6 June,all,Tobster,"Well then, i love this game! 9/10 in my opion. I love the WH universe (orks my favo :D) Space hulk looks insane and awesome, graphics are great, i dont think the game is not well optimized i have a 1060 3GB graphics card and can play highest settings no problem. The terminator suits are badass but you can get killed pretty easy for example from a Broodlord who comes out of the ground and slaughters your hole team (that i like:D) You really need to have good team work in this game to be able to survive. There are 5 classes atm, Heavy weapon Speciallity (Big♥♥♥♥♥machine gun or plasma cannon etc..), Assault Speciallity (Melee), Librarian (Psyker (Mage,  shoots fireballs lightning etc..), Apothecary (Medic) Heal people with you Narthecium, in this game you dont heal other players health, you actually repair/heal their armour. So lets say a Tyranid comes out of no where and hits you hard in the chestpiece, then you might get damaged if it was a strong enough hit, otherwise you would keep having to shoot/hit the player untill they have reached the damage amount to damage your armour. And if any of your armour pieces break you will die. (I think) And last but not least the Tactical Speciality (Basically help their team mates example call for reinforcements.Hope this helped somone!"
76561198032262334,Not Recommended,298900,28462837,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jonathanjechols,"A great letdown. Hard to load, glitchy, and unable to bring myself to continue playing. Cant reply levels, dont get anything for collecting relics. Overall bad game. Do not get."
76561197978435011,Not Recommended,298900,28454848,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Judge,Do not waste this kinda money on a game thats only part of Eternal Crusades  whole so wait till EC goes on Sale and buy that all you are really losing is Terminators lol and imo its a better game in general  with PVP and actual choice to boot.
76561198199589787,Not Recommended,298900,28367330,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Randall,"Definitely not what I thought it was going to be.  Great concept, terrible game.  Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393887,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Leeroy,Its a mess right now.*Can't join most games*Game contantly crashes*FPS drops when the action picks up*Looks and feels like a game that that came out a decade ago.
76561198002916609,Not Recommended,298900,28367020,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bazooka,Pre ordered so cant get refund ?
76561198065889621,Not Recommended,298900,28367200,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Formosa,"Hi All, first of this game does look good, the graphics are beautiful and the sound is mostly ok, the main issue is the bugs, bad UI and boring gameplay, the enemies all swarm from the same points and they never change etc. this game could have used a director mode like LFD, however the main reason for me not recomending this game is simple, I very much doubt any of the issues the community have raised will be resolved, the Devs wanted more time to release this game and it seems that time was wasted as a lot of the issues still remain.Pick this up in a steam sale."
,Recommended,298900,28451662,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Raver,"This game is getting so much hate is impressive, I for one don't hate it but don't love it either.Honestly it's a decent game that has a lot of potential, but it needs to be polished, period; I agree that it should NOT have been release at this state, It was a bad call, first impressions are everything, multiplayer is really broken.I am only recomending the game because of it's Single Player campaign, it's great, I have been wanting to play a game like this since the original Space Hulk PC Dos game."
76561197970903415,Not Recommended,298900,29701581,Posted: 4 February,all,Sir Rise a Lot,"Dull, absolutley nothing new here.Unless you are a hardcore fan of the Dark Angles and 40k I would wait until it drops in price."
76561198042054021,Recommended,298900,28879332,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Stormblade67,"Backdrops are gorgeous. Missions, while simple and repetitive, are challenging and somewhat loreish friendly. Those who have read the books or played either the tabletop or other computer games will find this fun. Picked it up on the Winter sale and its well worth it. Few things that are annoying is that for solo play its just you and two NPC's. Multiplayer however, everytime I go to quick join a game it wont connect, and everyone who has a game running requires a password. Still quite fun, and gathering the relics would be a bit more fun if they had story for each one. All things aside, plainly obvious that the PC version here is the test for them to work out bugs prior to console release, which hopefully means some quality DLC's."
76561197981955747,Not Recommended,298900,28450372,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Spaz,"Major performance issues, campagin missions are not replayable and no persistent progression in multiplayer. And then there are the ridiculously exaggerated screen effects and excessive screen shake that alone make the game almost unplayable.The only thing they did get right is the atmosphere. It does feel like a warhammer 40.000 world.But the gameplay and replayability is just not there."
,Not Recommended,298900,28366995,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Metalien,I beta tested this game and during the test it was almost completely unplayable because of lag spikes. I had hoped after the game was delayed an extra week that the devs of this game were actually doing more to fix the issues than they did. I still get constant lag spikes leaving this game utterly unplayable. Did they actually do anything about the optimisation on this f*cking game? I feel that they didn't wish to delay it any longer so it could get onto the Christmas wish lists of us Warhammer 40k fans.3/10Needs a LOT more polishing before it should have been released.
,Not Recommended,298900,28367002,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,"It's a pretty cool game when it works. Key word ""when"". FPS drops from 60 to 10 are unacceptable. I'm refunding the game."
,Recommended,298900,28367021,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Eric,So far so good.
76561198080154386,Not Recommended,298900,28382316,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TrueChiu,"I want to like this game so bad. Do not buy this game yet. Maybe if they do some massive patch work it will be worth it some day, however I spent about 50% of my time in loading screen when I wasn't crashing. When I was in game, my character would lose the ability to do anything beyond moving until I interacted with a door. At one point during a horde attack both of our heavy weapons units lost the ability to do anything leaving the melee and medic to cover us.Short version: Spend most of your time loading. When you do get in game you have a good chance of crashing or going inept. I want to like this game so much."
76561197962005348,Not Recommended,298900,28451621,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Early Cuyler,"Do not get this game for the multiplayer.  This is a multiplayer game that was made to be a single player game.  Multiplayer has no progression, leveling system, or weapon system implimented as of rigght now.  Your character levels up to 4 (at the end of the level) and resets when you play the next map.Singleplayer is just you Micromanaging three Terminators who have no AI aside from shoot the bugs whereas Multiplayer is the the singleplayer level with no relics and more bugs running around.I want to like this game but I didn't get a 4 man co-op game, I got single player game with no replayablility.If you want a Co-Op game then go get vermintide.  Its cheaper and they need more people playing"
76561197987348433,Not Recommended,298900,28435241,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,m4rek,"Sadly, this game currently has to carry a DO-NOT-BUY warning, I was very excited about it, and honestly I still am. It looks and sounds beautiful, and it so far delivers everything I wanted from it.The only downside is the game-breaking matter of the game sometimes dropping to 0fps for a few seconds, sometimes several times in short succession. As soon as this is fixed, get this game and purge xenos to your heart's content.A more detailed review may be forthcoming once this issue is fixed, as I cannot really play for very long or get a feel for it while this issue persists."
76561198034742132,Recommended,298900,28384130,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ChaosReigns,Not a bad game but doesn't seem to have that finishing polish to it. Hope some quick bugfixes come out soon. Doesn't help the DLC weapon keeps replacing my other weapons in the middle of combat
,Recommended,298900,28383666,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HeinrikezuSayn,"I really had only a few minor issues with it.The biggest is that the gamepad support leaves a lot to be desired, especially since I suffer from muscle development problems in my left hand that make playing with a Keyboard and mouse awkward at times, especially when I need to parry, charge, or issue orders on the go.After that, there's a problem that seems to come from Ctrl+Alt+Del, where the Resolution goes crazy, I think I may have fixed the issue after messing with the desiredres thing in the gameusersettings.ini file.Then Brachiosaurus, I mean Bronchial tubes.... er...  Barachiel, yeah... He can't seem to get his life together enough to shoot the enemy until they're like 10 feet away. So he's always getting knocked around until ~60% health, especially when I give him the Plasma cannon. However, Give him a Melee weapon and then he's good. Barachiel, what are you doing standing out in the open shooting at the turret?! Just guard me while I disable it, you dunce! It's almost like you want to die!As for Chapter 2, Really, the Augur Primus part is a tadbit ridiculous, even on disciple. ""Hey, Player, here's like, 50 MILLION Hybrids."" *Numa Numa- er, Nahum, goes from 80% hp to dead in the time it takes me to reach for the zero key, leaving Barrack Ob- Barachiel and I on half health* Goodbye Psygate.last thing, not a complaint, Is it a difficulty thing, because I scoured the entirety of the Chapter 2 map, and I only found the sword relic.The good: Difficulty. Even with the grace of Disciple difficulty, I had to pop off more heals than I'd like to admit, mostly for Baracuda, or whatever his name is. And turrets, dear lord, RUN, HIDE, DISABLE are your only options. Also, whoever decided to put that little surprise when you activate the thing by the engine in chapter 2, I hate you with a passion. My mission was going so well until ""YOU ARE DEAD. Your Precognition tells you that you were terminated by a turret.""Also Atmosphere. I'm a bit of a wimp about these things, so I guess I don't carry much authority, but I felt like I was in a very light Survival Horror game, the way I feel any WH40K FPS should be, except for the fact that I could kill everything with ALL THE BULLETS and be rewarded with PIECES EVERYWHERE! Well, then there were the turrets... those things terrified me."
,Recommended,298900,28403389,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Thorandor,"Rough round the edges, and poorly optimised (as of writing), the game is a bit difficult to recommend, but I'm recommending it regardless for the following reasons:The game runs reasonable fine on 1440p for me, albeit slowdowns during lightning effects against hordes of enemiesVisually, the game is great, some of the lighting, shadows and volumetric fog is well done, and the player models ""look"" and ""feel"" like Warhammer 40kThe atmosphere is pretty well captured, it feels dark, grim, wondrous, scaryThe voice work is good, it adds to the game's atmosphereIt plays well both on keyboard / mouse and controller (I almost prefer the latter in this game)There are however a couple of things that won't make the game ""perfect"" just yet:The game is badly optimised in anything but 1080pFinding relics only really help you with filling up the relics list in increasing your willpower marginally, but you cannot actually use themOccasionally, tooltips, hints or key press indicators (around doors, relics or buttons) are missing, so just press ""use"" on everything you see for now.Obviously, I am not done with the game yet (only just finished chapter 2), but what I have played so far makes me want to play more and come back to it. I do hope that at least he performance issues are being resolved soon, as I would love to give the game a spin on 4k."
76561198052269501,Recommended,298900,28512520,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Templarmkiii,"Good dungeon crawler with awesome environments and fun gameplay. It has some performance issues in some spots, and some other minor bugs. Even on the lowest settings, everything looks good (except for shadows, leave those turned up or you'll be met with pixelated sadness).I got it on sale and it's definitely worth that price, IMO."
,Recommended,298900,28422509,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,tront,"In my limited time with this game, I've had fun. The UI and menu system isnt the greatest, but the core gameplay mechanics are good. There's nothing like mowing down a horde of gene-stealers with a heavy flamer, and the guy next to you using what is basically a minigun.The game, for me takes into great account the cumbersome, restricing armour of the 40k universe, a side I personally never thought too much about (even if the soldiers are good enough to use the stuff). I enjoy this game, I think I made that much clear.One thing I would reccomend is going above the reccomended tech specs, theres alot going on onscreen at once and the hardware they reccomend isnt cutting it, lots of frame drops(which is to be expected)- I have an a8-7600 and an RX-480 8g for refrence"
76561198026151216,Recommended,298900,34018469,Posted: 4 August,all,Mezz,using the heavy flamer is extremley fun in this game!
76561197968268183,Recommended,298900,28482452,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Decado,"It's decent...but:The campaign is a mixed bag. It could have been so much more. There are a couple of intense objectives later in the game but the storyline is mostly forgettable and disappointingly, there's no contact with any fellow Dark Angels in any way shape or form other than a few other Terminator corpses early on. They could have done so much more with this.The environments are insane however. The design of the ships, the lighting, the scale-  hands down the best interior ship environments (particularly of a Space Hulk) that i've ever seen. 40k fans will take a lot out of this experience.The campaign is also quite challenging if you play on the harder difficulties. The AI is manageable enough when you understand how to use it, this was not a problem.The real way this game needs to be played is co-op and on either Hard or Very Hard. Codex gamemode is good also as it locks you into your role and you are unable to change weapons. This might sound lame, but it suddenly makes every team member infinitely more important, and each player MUST play their roles. I wouldnt specifically put team damage on as some of the weapons have crazy aoe damage and are uncontrollable against friendlies, but definitely play this on Hard or Very Hard - if you play this on Normal or Easy you're wasting your time. Space Hulk NEEDS danger, it needs challenge or it sucks.I have had barely any performance issues or bugs but they are there and will likely improve with time. One annoying thing about co-opping the maps is only the main player hears the quest dialogue and sees the dialogue boxes - the other team members only see the updated objectives. This is something that needs fixing as it adds a lot to the immersion.Overall - the game isnt amazing, but it's not bad either. It's worth it for the insanely good environments, and honestly - the player and genestealer models are also stellar. The weapons also importantly feel badass.Playing this game co-op on super hard - fantastic experience. The rest -  underwhelming."
,Recommended,298900,28483606,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Machete,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,298900,28882373,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[TE] Keasby,Dont buy sucks.
76561198010769750,Recommended,298900,28965232,Posted: 2 January,all,[ToC] Lobotronus,"For single player campaign YES !!! It's challenging, fun and it's OK !Multiplayer NO !!! ehhh......... very poor ! Why they didn't make the multiplayer like Warhammer: The End Times - Vermintide ????"
76561198009405806,Not Recommended,298900,28457382,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MartyB{><}TA,"Game Idea seems great and if you spend a bit of time actually looking around the graphics and visuals are amazing. So much detail has gone into the environment its amazing...That said they clerarly spent thier time doing that than making the game work.The game WILL crash often, and thats if you can join. If you go into server browser and try join a game, good luck, my current hit rate without being disconnected is approx 10% (a high estimate).Even if you do get to join a live game (which I've only managed by hitting quick game) it will more than likely crash before the end anyway.Progression seems pointless at the moment so its just a solid grind.A Real shame as the game was delayed after Beta giving the impression they were trying to fix the bugs from that test...but the didnt and the games released.To be fair the game does have potential i.e. actual progression (even if its only cosmetic), potential for PvPvE (2 team termies etc) but right now just avoid it.Wait and see if this is a cash grab and run or if they will update."
,Recommended,298900,32835945,Posted: 26 June,all,irreverentbear,"A nice coop survival game with a decent enough SP campaign, true to Warhammer 40k lore. Much of the bugs people have been complaining about have pretty much been squashed and gameplay is much better. Graphics are awesome, the game looks exactly like what you see in the screenshots. Sound and atmosphere are excellent, you really feel the isolation and the impending threat of enemies. I would have called this game a heresy at launch but the devs have been hard at work constantly fixing and improving the game which will no doubt get even better in the future. My final verdict? its worth giving a try, especially if blasting anything moving is your thing, you probably wont mind the mediocre story either since purging xenos is all that matters! For the Emperah!"
76561198120526594,Recommended,298900,33723526,Posted: 22 July,all,Angery Duck,"Bit reluctant to get this game, due to the questionalble quality of other GW computer games; but I know there are occsionally a few gems to be uncovered, so I bit the bullet, and hoped it was a good one. And good it is!  What can I say other than:I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME.Been waiting so long for a space hulk based game, I thought by the time we got one there would be real ones.Whats not to like:-Nice graphics, even for a dusty broken and dark space hulk.-Blood Gibs and gore; at a level that even Bethesda would be happy with.-Alright story line, deacent enough to keep you playing, and keeps you compelled to purge xenos.-Differnt-ish campaigns for multiplayer and solo  + Extra missions <- Replayability yay-Extra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sized maps, to keep your thirst for loyalty and praise for the emperor quenched.-A wide range of unique classes each with unique abilities and wepons, and of course lightning-claws!-HEAVY FLAMER-YOU PLAY AS A TERMINATOR-I WANNA PLAY NOWI can imagine some people will probaly get ticked off by the movement speed; doesnt seem to bother me.Its also kinda hard to track your overall health, i just think im ok until a piece of my armour on my HUD goes red.Get it if your a fan of shooting endlessly at xenos, and feeling like a badass with your friends as you punch a broodlord to death with a powerfist.The turrets are cancer"
,Recommended,298900,28531179,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MeanderingBeing,"I absolutely love the game, and it is, without a doubt, amongst my favorites. As far as presentation goes, everything about this game is just right, from the heavy squelching every time you step on the blood and gore you've smeared across the floors and walls, to every ship being unique. The few assets that are copy/pasted are done so intelligently so as not to appear lazy. The whole game has a handcrafted feel to it which I absolutely love.Ambient sound design reminds me very much of Dead Space in quality and mood. You definitely feel like you're in a derelict of dozens of ships mashed together by the insane whims of the warp. The weapons all decimate your foes with satisfying power.I didn't experience any of the issues others have reported with performance drops, and I played a solid 9 hours without a single crash or frame drop. (Running i5 5660k and Radeon R9 390X with 8g RAM) Everything was just solid... However, the new patch (v1.06) did introduce some odd glitches for me, which have been causing memory leaks and multiplying terminators in the Single Player Armory. (see my screenshots library)All that praise being said, there are a few things which bug me.The starting weapon, the Storm Bolter, is pretty much THE most useful weapon in Single Player. The heavy flamer and vengeance cannon certainly come second, but you can play through the entire campaign on the second to hardest difficulty (haven't tried the hardest yet) using JUST the storm bolter, much like the whole Dead Space series with the Plasma Cutter. I feel like the other weapons in the game could use some buffing to put them on par with the Storm Bolter, as while they are cool and fun to play with, it's simply better to play with the Storm Bolter. You'll die so much less.The other thing that bugs me, and is my biggest pet peeve in gaming, is the lack of User Saves. Seriously, there is *NO* excuse for limiting players to checkpoints. Checkpoints only inspire rage and frustration. No one should have to play the same part over and over and over and over, or worse, restart an HOUR long level. That's an easy way to get players to stop playing your game. Let us save our games when WE want.Friendly AI in Single Player could use some serious work. They have a nasty habit of standing in front of you when you're trying to shoot something, and not using their melee or blocking abilities when multiple Genestealers get in range, resulting in a terminator standing there staring at enemies, eating all their hits in the face, while blocking your shots so you can't save them, leading to a very quick and inevitable demise. The Apothecary is especially guilty of this. I've also had to tell them to run a fair distance into a room just so they didn't continually block a door while I'm trying to lock it, leaving them and myself to getting raeped by genestealers.All in all, a fantastic, well polished game that could use a little tweaking to make JUST right. I wouldn't mind dedicated servers and mod support in the near future either."
76561197986493477,Recommended,298900,29387798,Posted: 20 January,all,cwsumner,"I liked this game, and maybe I was just lucky but I did not get all of the problems others are talking about.I have only played through the single player game, so far. I don't usually like multiplayer, but I will try the coop game.PROs: Amazing scenery and levels, perfect for the 40,000 universe. Swarms of enemies that make despirate fights and boost your heart rate! Voice acting that fit the scene and story. Answers to mysteries in the dark corners of the levels, referencing lore from the games and books.CONs: The swarms drop the fps a bit. But not so bad it bothered me. Some quest triggers were not described enough, like the huge generator where you were just supposed to kill all of the Xenos. Two places where quest triggers could fail, and we had to restart the level. But it worked the second time. A bit short, at 24 hrs play, hope they make some dlc."
76561197986875665,Not Recommended,298900,29904339,Posted: 13 February,all,Fatty,"still wont work on my comp. crashes a ton, framerate drop, meh, was hoping the last hotfix would take care of this but it hasnt.:*("
,Recommended,298900,28405781,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Inquisitor Kaede,"I've been anticipating this game a lot. I had some game-breaking performance issues early on that were solved by removing my USB headset. An odd issue but easy enough to work around. I'm optimistic that it will get sorted out soon.This game is the best immersion into the 40k setting I have ever experienced. I've been a fan of 40k since way back when, getting close to 20 years now. To see the universe visualized and detailed so intricately is a dream come true.I have found the gameplay very enjoyable so far. I will revisit this review and update with more complete thoughts later. I have only been playing on normal difficulty and I want to be able to evaluate the full spectrum of the game's potential before I speak to this. That said, my initial impression is very good. The balance of being overwhelmed by a horde of horrifying aliens and feeling like a nearly invincible armored champion of the God Emperor is excellent."
76561198290999601,Not Recommended,298900,29831356,Posted: 10 February,all,Doctor,Garbage.
76561198027001588,Recommended,298900,29995680,Posted: 17 February,all,phaelsafe,"I was looking forward to this game since the trailer.  I have been interested in Warhammer 40k and the Warhammer universe for years.  I preordered the game and played the Beta.  Here is my review.The games graphics are amazing!  When you move through the game you witness graphics that make you feel as if you are actually in that universe.  From the stone work to the gothic ships.  Ahh,  such a beautiful game.There are some bugs in the game but I haven't seen a game that didn't have some glitches.  The only real issue I had with the game was the frame rate drop.  You will be playing and having a blast and suddenly the frame rates will drop through the floor and you are running through jello trying to kill some Xenos.  It's not game changing or even a huge issue, most of the time the frame rates are fine.The controls, especially for giving commands to your team members are a bit clunky, especially with keyboard and mouse.  In the heat of combat it would get down right irritating trying to give heal commands or anything else for that matter.  Again, not a game changer, just an observation.The music and sound in the game are top notch, really puts you in the mood of the game.  That's all that really needs to be said about it.  I totally  enjoyed it.You will get 8 to 12 hours of good gameplay but unless you are a diehard 40k gamer you probably won't play much more than that.  The maps and missions are all the same though your character build can differ.https://youtu.be/XZnnjRXSvNA"
76561197971381950,Recommended,298900,28449536,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Remontti Rene,"So far I have played three chapters of the single player campaign. It has been great fun altough I don't usually play FPS games. The looks, sound and general atmosphere is good. I was kind of hoping this to be like the original Space Hulk computer game which was more about squad tactics than just shooting and more unforgiving for tactical mistakes.I haven't experienced any of those framerate drops or crashes that I have read about. Haven't tried the multiplayer yet so don't know about possible connection issues.Commanding your squad mates could be improved. Now there are many commands to remember (the command wheel is quite clunky and difficult to use in heat of battle). They could really simplify the command system so that it uses only two or three buttons depending what you're looking at.So far very enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,298900,28448868,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Boopsnek,"This game is a poor attempt at rehashing an old genre in a new setting. It's not only extremely unpolished, with unpredictable framerate and unwieldy control schemes in both single player and multiplayer. There isn't enough game here to justify paying for it. I've played 10 hours of single player and 2 hours of multiplayer, and I've already seen everything that this game has to offer. A low effort attempt to cash in on a popular franchise. If you like this kind of game then Vermintide and Left4Dead did it better, and are more deserving of your time and money."
,Not Recommended,298900,29392953,Posted: 21 January,all,Lord Ivan,Game is fun. Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cant play game.
76561198038351736,Recommended,298900,28449798,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Running Man,"SP is lot of fun and so is the MP, and its tough and its unforgiving and relentless attacks from tyranids from all corners..the screams and shriek from tyranids echoes through the entire space hulk, together with their incessant footsteps rampaging through the pipes, ceilings.. u cannot rest for a min cause some camouflage tyranid will sucker punch you.One will need a thunderhammer class terminator, Apothecary, long range weapon and a librarian to survive....hope u guys enjoy it as much as i have and i believe the developers will try to fix the issues.....add me if u guys wan team up...the best thing abt this game is the atmosphere created in the space hulk, u will feel ""empowered"" by the terminator armour yet vulnerable at the same time cause the attacks from tyranids are relentless, the ""Clusterphobic"" feel when u walk down the hallways, cramp corridors is extremely edgy and the ""Broodlords"" are almost double ur size.....the entire team will need focus their firepower to bring down the behemoth.....its one hell of a ride.....hope all will enjoy. For the Lion....For the Emperor.....lol"
76561198007911041,Not Recommended,298900,28482536,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,NekoLilium,"Poor AINo cutscene in co-opno 1080p resolutionIf they can fix the AI issues, the game will be more playable.As for searching artifact... with that kind of AI companian, you want to finish it as soon as possible, if only you can do all of those in Co-Op.Basically it kind makes you feel it does not worth the price."
76561197992906072,Recommended,298900,28382533,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KraggleWulf,"*UPDATED*My PC has never had issues on SOLO play ever, Online had the issues that this dates patch fixedAtm I was late due to the fact I take care of my father and such VA and all comingI finally beat the game and only issue is seems the achievement Don't use a PsyGate still doesnt work other then that My Specs Im sure you can see on my profile, I'm prettys ure its public. But 60 frames no issues what so ever. V-sync on.Atm I love the 40k universe but I will say if you a die hard fan of the Warhammer or cultist like the rest of us :3 Then get this IP and soon we will be hopefully in alot of DLC which I hope will be priced right or free, but 10/10 for me but I CAN'T NOT STRESS if you want a crack it now play a friends copy or watch plenty of online videos atm I can not say buy it off the bat now."
,Recommended,298900,28391832,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bosie,"Loving it. Yeah it's not the best shooter out there but the 40/30k lore along with the atmosphere more than make up for this, not to mention the sheer dakka of the Assualt Cannon!What are you waiting for, get it and start slaying xenos in the name of the Khorne... I mean the Emperor!"
76561198000079087,Recommended,298900,28367024,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Clogs,Killing filthy Xeno scum with your friends is fun. Thunder Hammer has good impact but I want a two-handed version.Zero performance issues on i5-4670K and GTX 1070 and maxed graphics.
76561197960486460,Recommended,298900,28367100,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hyaon Darhku,"SP seems fun so far, does need a beast of a rig to run it on maximum settings though."
76561198081824971,Recommended,298900,28367759,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KOKOKAJOE,"Update of review #1: The bug I mention below with losing the ability to do anything combat related I am now dubbing the ""Pacifist Bug"". The ""Pacifist Bug"" is pretty game breaking in multi player on the two hardest difficulties because you had to leave and rejoin the game which takes about 5 minutes but I have found that interacting with a door can fix it so if you expeience this try it before quitting if you can!Great game so far, atmosphere is great and weapons sound great, The voice acting is good and it does a fantastic job of making you feel that you are in a big suit of armor, sluggish yet fluid (if that makes sense) and powerful.Drops in framerate have happened with my game but not as bad as some of the other reviewers, I haven't seen it dip below 41 fps on maximum YET, it may happen but I've also had a handful of bugs only 1.3 hours in. The worst bug being all combat controls became unreponsive so my space marine just ran around gettin' poked in the butt. The load times are long but not as long as GTA:V lol. This is a 40$ game and it has some qualities that show it (bullet decals and reload animations) while others are surprisingly awesome (Graphics and gameplay). Reminds me of Vermintide IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!Cosmic Engine has a great video review of this game, I watched it before I bought it and I agree with him for the most part.------------------------>https://youtu.be/8MMDjGCacXsTL;DR Great budget game to play with friends that has some rough spots to wait out....but I think it will be worth it!"
,Recommended,298900,29266806,Posted: 14 January,all,DOS,Bad launch for anyone without a gtx 1080 frames were very low and there were many bugs.now the game runs much better even even on a gpu from 2012.gameplay is great and you will constently be screaming for help.easy to set up multiplayer and works pretty good.overall i would give this game a 8 out of 10
76561198006971651,Not Recommended,298900,28368860,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheDirtyDwarf,"Needs a patch so badly to fix issues with stuttering or outright freezing. Cant even get 10 minutes into the first level on low graphics without it outright stopping. My rig isnt exactly♥♥♥♥♥♥either, the game just feels badly optimised.Radeon Software Version - 16.12.1Radeon Software Edition - Crimson ReLiveGraphics Chipset - AMD Radeon R9 200 SeriesMemory Size - 3072 MBMemory Type - GDDR5Core Clock - 1020 MHzWindows Version - Windows 10 (64 bit)System Memory - 16 GBCPU Type - AMD FX(tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor"
,Not Recommended,298900,28421441,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,StefanRG1,"Space hulk was a good game series until this happened. I was so sold on this game from the cinematics and in that regard the game did delver a good viewing experience but that’s where all the good news ends and the bull♥♥♥♥♥♥starts. Setting aside all the crashing let’s start on the map yes it looks good but it has little to no interaction pretty much all you can do is open/close/bust through doors and some set barricades, some pipes make fire some computers explode and there are like 4 explosive barrels that you can shoot and feel good about yourself but other than that there is nothing every area is blocked off with crap that has fallen or a big hole in the ship that I can’t even jump through because of god dam invisible walls they are everywhere if I want to kill myself by jumping in the abyss LET ME. The missions: they are so boring it’s just a series of go there and turn this on or kill some♥♥♥♥♥♥which btw is also boring I don’t know how they did it but killing tyranids is actually boring the crater models like oh look you shot it and some blood came out maybe you get lucky enough to bust his head which will actually change the character model to a grosser busted one that gets a big MEH from me. The characters: the space marines look cool and all but there is zero customisation which I was hoping so much for pretty much all you get is a choice between a small group of space marines which each can hold a couple of different guns and abilities which don’t really matter because you end up using your melee most of the dam game. There are plenty of things still wrong with the game but my fingers ar hurting so I will stop. Bottom line I paid $100NZD for me and a friend to play this game in 3 hours in we both uninstalled it and I have lost $100 well not worth the money the game has a good foundation but it’s just a dam foundation nothing ales. All I can say is ggwp games workshop you did what many companies did and ran away with my money and delivered me a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game make killing floor 2 look so good right now."
76561198005127238,Recommended,298900,28514160,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Imperator,As long as you play Codex mod in MP its a fun game.
76561197983744540,Not Recommended,298900,28368793,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,solus,"I love 40k games, i really really do. I loved space marine because i could customize my space marine/chaos marine in anyway i saw fit. I loved the concept of having a vox coms to be able to communicate with my teammates so we could coordinate togethere. HOWEVER!This game is not that concept, this is a lazy dev team who just went for the 40k fan base and gave us a half baked game. I dont write reviews, but this just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off completely.Negative/lack of commen sense- No voice communication with team, WTF?!!!! WHY is this feature not in a HORDE + TEAM + co-op game?? How the ♥♥♥♥ does the dev team think people will coordinate with each other to clear chapters efficently if they cant even use coms that just about every game in 2015-2016 ( and older) has as a standard feature.- No Customization - Whatever progress you make, it will reset every chapter. wtf the flying ♥♥♥♥? So whats the reward in clearing a chapter quickly or what is the end game here exactly? just a pure example of what a lazy dev team looks like, lack of content for the win.- optimization - While im a broke college student, thankfully ive been blessed with my amazing machine that has had no problems tackling any new games for the past 6 years without needing an upgrade. I was stil amazed to see many people dc'ing or lagging in-game and getting kicked from lobbys after we almost finished a chapter. I personally have had fps from 30-70 depending on situation.- lack of variety - its just a click fest, there is not debth to this game. like at all, their is no reward, no progression, there is nothing going for this game except the 40k theme and story. Enemies all feel generic, and damage sometimes not making sense. Full hp/green suit and you get 1 shotted by acid spitter when the previous shot did no dmg......I cant recommend this game, im refunding because i know that once i finish the story this game will be uninstalled and be put on the back burner for a very long time. There is nothing to keep me playing, i lose al skills, gear and anything worthwhile. Sorry, but this was a very big dissapointment for me."
76561198008784878,Not Recommended,298900,28394784,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sfc.14,"Has the looks and feels of a true 40k game... but lacks everything else. Horribly overpriced, Buggy , and just doesnt have the feel of a true shooter. your wepons feel like pea shooters"
76561197997839450,Recommended,298900,28394657,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kheired,"Good game, requires polishing of the multiplayer."
76561197960792661,Not Recommended,298900,28419732,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lava Lamp,"The multiplayer is boring, graphics are chaotic, and it crashes."
,Recommended,298900,30541082,Posted: 16 March,all,ImperialChaplin,"This is a great warhammer 40k game that uses first person and a left for dead like style to bring to life a spacehulk clensing. Now I have read some of the negative reviews saying that the co-op is bad, there are choppy frames, and all other sorts of issues; however I have not run into any such encounter in my 8.5 hours. I have played some of the story and campain with some friends and we havent seen any of these issues. Even if you want to play it alone you still get some AI buddys to help you go from point to point as you fight off hords of xenos. So no matter what you will have a battle brother to aid you. So if you want to play alone you get some AI friends and if you want to play with friends online then this is a great game for that. Many fun adventures are aehad if you and some friends play this together or alone.Pros:- Team Based- Warhammer 40k- Dark Angels- Flamers- Terminators- Story driven- Plenty of gear to choose from- Good Multiplayer- A good range of xenos to slay- Emperor watches you happily- Diffrent classes each playing a vital roleCons:- Xenos- Overwhelming at times- Bad teamates (people who cant run this game yet try to play multiplayer anyways...you know who you are)- not enough apocotharys- not enough Dakka- No imperial gaurd getting rekt for fun"
76561198004130690,Recommended,298900,28419951,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Huey's cooking. Literally.,"There are some flaws which is a result of being rushed out the door. But I still feel as if it is an ejoyable game, some of the feedback is on Steam is quite harsh considering what it could have been. Some of the comparisons to Colonial Marines seems odd as this game is what I believe it should have been. Nails atmosphere, and coop game play, AI could do with some tweaking, but it's fairly fun."
,Recommended,298900,30515432,Posted: 14 March,all,Jiggles,"Thank the Omnissiah for online multiplayer.This game is horrible to play alone, but one of the best experiences you can ever have if you play it with buddies. So much fun has been had with my buddies and I, traversing the Space Hulk, stormbolters spewing mass reactive shells into 'nids."
76561198015449866,Not Recommended,298900,28881901,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nightwolf26,To many Chrash Randomly....Unplayable!
,Not Recommended,298900,28365402,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ninryu,"Not optimized, it has no clear objective description for new players to follow also.Will change my rating if there is a day one patch to fix the performance issue.If not, maybe go for my refund."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365480,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hoodyhoo,"I don't like writing negative reviews, but as it stands, this game has been unplayable for me.  I get about 3 minutes of gameplay before the audio gets fuzzy and my framerate dies completely.  The game becomes so unresponsive it can be a good 20 seconds before draw frame updates occur.  In other words, this game has been completely unplayable for me.  I'm disappointed because I got one day of Beta play when I pre-ordered and found the game to be very responsive and fun.  I don't know what happened between then and launch, but something went terribly wrong.  I'm not going to issue a refund yet.  I'm going to give the devs some time to fix the issues.  Primarily I'm writing this review to see if there are others who also are having this same responsiveness problem.My specs:GeForce 1070gtxAMD Vishera 8 core CPU8GB RAM300+ GB Free HD SpaceIf the devs are reading this, they may get in contact with me through steam if they need other information.  I have not experienced an actual crash, so I have no crash details.  All I've had is massive framerate lockups.  Also note that my HD was fine when these lockups occured (so I don't think it's an HD issue)."
,Not Recommended,298900,33731208,Posted: 22 July,all,Chris,"If Im being honest here, I can not recommend this game as a multiplayer game. Multiplayer side feels extremely rushed and buggy. There is no squad ai in multiplayer, progession or, an incentive to keep playing."
76561198014369723,Not Recommended,298900,28404142,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TaLL,I requested a refund. The single player campaign is crushingly dull and AI teammates die because they don't attack if you give them certain weapons. The multiplayer is better but is still on the boring side. Loading times take an age. Not what I was expecting. If you're looking for a game like this with more content then go with Vermintide.
76561198010625018,Not Recommended,298900,29733519,Posted: 5 February,all,InvasiveProcedure,"Nope, don't do it. Great idea but♥♥♥♥♥♥poor execution. Nothing but trouble from the first moment of getting it. Devs have to wake up and stop releasing half made games expecting players to help finish and fix them...i thought that was for beta?"
76561197984593907,Recommended,298900,34873504,Posted: 10 September,all,Caradrias,"The game runs smooth, the load time is next to non existant. Easily worth buying the game this weekend on sale. And I have to say the soundtrack and gun feel is hella satisfying, the recoil, thud and impact from even the storm bolter the starter weapon and dont even get me started on the melee weapons. After a tough day at work ripping apart some xenos is the cathatic pill you need!PS to All the people complaining about 30 bucks for a game. How much is a cinema ticket? How much do a few beers cost? vs how much entertainment in ""time"" do you get from a game. Check it out, Steam tells you how long you play a title, divide that by the game price and then complain."
76561198024773283,Recommended,298900,31593289,Posted: 6 May,all,dibydiby62,Game runs great 2k 144fps no crashes no problems. love it so far.
76561198107447301,Not Recommended,298900,28452882,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hatty,"I love this game, I really love this game. It feel correct, it looks correct hell even SOME of the guns sound correct.But I can't recommend this game in this state.CONSTANT CRASHES. For no reason! I run the game from ULTRA to Medium and still it crashes for what appears to be no reason what so ever, it can crash for something as simple as just opening your inventory to finally equip that weapon you've waited until lvl 5 to get! Making the crash even more insulting and annoying. You'll find yourself re running parts of the ship(s) because of these crashes.GUN SOUNDS: Honestly some of these weapons from the 40K universe sound amazing :D the deep thud of each shot sounds spot on, and then you get the others that sound too light, almost like they wanted the guns to have that different sound for the dislike of repetative sounds... but we like the deep thuds and hums of these weapons!LEVEL DESIGN: Personally I love the tight corridors, the big open rooms and the overall feel of every part of the maps. What I hate is how everyone is trying to lvl up as fast as possible, so you find yourself shoving past others or at least trying to, as you make a mad dash for another clump of aliens/mutant/whatever just to get some more kills in your corner. It can be fun, but it makes the feel of any sort of tactic go flying out the window. Especially for the healer, who desperatly tries to get some shots in and then often ignores the failing health of his team.There are lots of other annoyinly small picks I could throw in here, but until I start getting paid to write these out i'll just miss those out.So SAVE YOUR MONEY until this game hits a 60% off or has some MAJOR patches to fix a lots of these issues"
,Recommended,298900,32567765,Posted: 19 June,all,Mannyu78,"I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan Warhammer 40k lore or of deep atmospheric experiences.  Yes, this game is not complex or fast paced, but that I would argue adds to the experience. You trudge through clastrophobic corridors as a walking tank while hoards of ravenous aliens charge your small group. The best part of this game is the detail to the lore of the universe. The art, the 'history' and sound all create an experience that is worth your time, if you are interested."
76561197962173132,Recommended,298900,32574352,Posted: 19 June,all,adaw,"I got this game on sale and it is simply amazing.It runs great (35-60fps at 1080p) on my not so recent hardware (xeon e3 @2.7Ghz, AMD R9 280x 3GB, 16GB RAM in an ESXi VDI). I use a mix of high and max settings.Graphics and atmosphere are glorious, sound mixing is immersive and controls are great (best with keyboard and mouse, as with any first person shooter, but still completly enjoyable with a controller).I had to manually set the resolution to 1920x1080 in the config file (located in appdata) but I think it has to do with the fact that I streamed (in-home streaming) the game from the very beginning and it may have not picked up the correct resolution right away.Yes the user interface could be better, yes the game could be a bit longer, yes the multiplayer mode should save your progression, but all in all, I still really enjoy it and highly recommend it.No issues finding multiplayer games, it seems quite active right now."
76561198010200014,Recommended,298900,28394569,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Creeg,"I have no idea why everyone keeps saying this game is bad.  I have no performance problems.. Granted I am playing on medium settings, but that seems more than enough for me. Graphics don't make a game fun. Gameplay makes a game fun.*This game feels like playing Fallout 4 while being in power armor the whole time with no stupid fusion batteries that last 5 minutes then crap out.*One better thing than playing Fallout 4, is the weapons are way better. no STUPID looking weapons. So far I've used the Storm Bolter, Assault Cannon, Plasma Cannon, Redemption Bolter, Heavy Flamer, Power Fist, Lost Mace of Corswain, and the Lightning Claws. So far the only weapon I'm not thrilled with is the Lightning Claws.The First load is a PAIN, but after that the loading seems fine, levels load faster than Battle Field 4 maps even with those being on my SSD and Space Hulk being on my disk drive.The level of detail is impressive. By detail I'm not talking about the graphics, but the little things, like blood dripping down walls and off the ceiling after blasting a Tyranid. Or the devotion taken to making rivets and structures realistic, not just rivets for rivets sake.The first time you blow the top of a genestealers skull off and his brain is exposed yet it's still alive and coming right back after you. Wow."
76561198084342822,Recommended,298900,28395329,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zephonhim,"Well multiplayer part seems to have some issues at the moment.but i can't tell i'm focusing on the solo campaign at first and so far i'm absolutely satisfied, the game runs realy fine on max setting (don't know why those people are whining about the ""ton of bugs"" I didn't even get into a single one in 5 hours but well...) got a decent pc but not a monster either.So about the campaign : It looks amazing to me, realy. There realy is an oppressive feeling. So yeah soundtrack are not really noticeable as it is mostly ""atmospheric"" stuffs and it's fine from my point of view.Beside that the gameplay is solid : straightforward but efficient. 2 hands 2 weapons 2 buttons plus some skills depends on what class you choose (you only play as a psyker in solo because there are some story stuffs but you have an extended arsenal to deal with.) works fine. There is a decent amount of different weapon I've not experienced them all atm but those I equiped were working fine even that thunder hammer with a shield as left hand was surprisingly working pretty good against those alien vermins.There is a storyline in contrary to what some people say. Guess they're not listening to feedbacks or reading logs into the ship ?? Yeah I know reading is boring right ? Peoples want pictures now heh.And well that's it, I don't regret buying this game at all , I'm not a Warhammer 40k fanboy , I don't even know very much about the franchise. But the game looks definitely good to me.Just keep in mind you're not a Titanfall pilot you're in a big powersuit so you are heavy and towering which makes you kinda slow.And if you want to be sure there are no bugs ? Well whining about won't fix them anyway so just wait."
,Not Recommended,298900,28394291,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BowTies,I don't know if its only me but the game takes like 10 years to load and then I couldn't shoot and I crashed. Just a warning though
76561198032902162,Recommended,298900,28394310,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PoloSlut,"Really enjoying the game so far, true to the 40K lore as I know it. Huge 40K and space marines in general fan, so I would recommend it. If your not into the lore but like to kill thousands of gentic mistakes in huge gothic spaceships then go ahead and get it. It dose not get much better then this.I have not had a problem with FR and no crashes after 12 hours of gaming on singleplayer. I'm expecting multiple DLC's and more weapons to keep this game interesting into the future.PS: If all the relics you collect in single-player dont give you anything except for an achievment im going to rage.Keep up the good work devs and ""Death to the xenos"""
,Not Recommended,298900,28417434,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Emperor of the Internet,"Multiplayer does not function, +30 attempts to join different servers or even start one ended in failure. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,298900,28389860,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,what the fuck,"lots of bugs and poor optimisation, despite the delay.refunded until fixed."
76561197966006050,Recommended,298900,28394306,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The NightMoose,"I get to load into a missle that drills into a ship, purge the non-believers with psychic powers, a sword, and some mad huge bullets. I have a pretty crazy tower, but I don't max stuff out, because that tends to make hiccups. Played 60-however many minutes without much issue outside probably 2 dips in frames.I am having fun, games are made for fun.By this logic, I approve."
,Recommended,298900,28398472,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bubuchang,"***Update - after a few more multiplayer missions and solo campaign missions, I stand by my original review.For those who need the summary:Pros+ If you love l4d with a bit of specializing and skills with dark and narrow corridors, you'll love this+ A must have for anyone seeking to discover more 40k lore, especially about the dark angels+ Wonderfully simulates the orginal video game Space Hulk (im not sure about the board game) through its narrow corridors - you have to make sure every corridor is secure (for a true space hulk experience, play multiplayer on hard with friendly fire on)+ The cosmetics are wonderfully done - Sets a grim lonely tone, maps are very interesting to go through+ Multiplayer is definitely fun with friendsCons- Single player gets boring if you're not into Dark Angels lore- Single player AI are pretty dumb- Multiplayer has a pretty limited loadout compared to single player, a number of weapons are missing- Single player and multiplayer are completely different - They do not share campaign progress and you cant join single player games- Multiplayer has no camapign, the chapters are given to you straight of the bat, much like l4d- Still has buggy UI and bad loading times- Pretty high specs needed to runMy Full review:My first impression - from my understanding, the game translates space hulk (the video game) very well. The tight narrow  corridors and the  need to constantly watch your back (especially on hard) really brings a great FPS experience from the OG video game. The design of the place - the darkly lit corridors and the amazing imaginization of the place - really sets this eerie and lonely (yet wonderful for 40k fans) setting and really helps bring the place to life. Honestly I couldn't ask them to do a better job with the maps. The game also gives a slight horror feel with the jumpscares at the doors and the hordes of tyranids you see before you.The real difference from the board/video game is that melee is somewhat viable and fun, as long as you don't get surrounded, which is a neat that they made it viable, yet not really. corridors are also wide enough to have two people shooting side by side (somewhat). This becomes a lot harder when you enable friendly fire though.Gameplay wise, the game has two game modes (as far as I know) which is the single player campaign and a multiplayer campaign. They are entirely different and in no way related to one another.For the single player campaign - You take control of a librarian with the access to basically every weapon (pretty sure) a deathwing terminator can equip (Which are all locked, unlocked with progress (and of course, except for the cyclone missle launcher)) with the aid of the ai, which controls an apothecary and a devastator (or heavy weapon specialist since they arent really called that). You can control both of them and only both of them together, to move and defend locations, and will continue to do so until you tell them otherwise. The apothecary will not heal until you instruct him to, and has a limited number of heals. As a librarian you are granted a total of 3 spells, and one more to return to your battle barge, where you can change equipment and heal (you are given 4 charges of this spell). The only penalty that brings is the points you get at the ned of the game. The game borrows the point system from the OG Dawn of war 2, where you are given points at the end of the mission to spend on a skill tree, which unlocks traits, perks for you and your team and spells for you.Honestly the AI arent all that bright, but theyre useful when you need them to hold a position and otherwise shoot enemies you cant seem to see.The game does have an enourmous bundle of Relics to be found, which looks like when all collected, reveals a full rendition of the primarch, Lion El'Johnson (im not really sure since the game doesnt give backstory to these relics, just names).For the multiplayer ""campaign"" - There isnt one, sadly. Like other people have said, the game provides you all the missions straight up from the beginning, much like L4d. You don't even get the cutscenes you would have in single player. However the experience is amazingly fun, as the ambience of the place really makes you look out for each other. You and your team can choose 1 of the 5 classes, a devastator, assault, librarian, apothecary and a tactical terminator, (you can only choose one librarian and apothecary for obvious reasons) each with their own skill and weapon set. Each class has a very limited weapon set however, a lot less than what you have in single player.Sadly, you don't get a multiplayer career - the only progress you make is through the mission. Basically you and your team gains experience through killing enemies, which in turn unlocks weapons and skills. You are allowed to change weapons instantaneously during the mission, unless Codex Rule is enabled (no change of equipment during the mission). I dont know if the experience translates into your nesxt mission though, if it doesnt, it would suckkk.Any member is allowed to die three times, and when they do die, they come back after a certain amount of time. This time increases for each death your team faces. It's a really nice feature, unless you need to carry one player through the game.Performance wise - Biggest issue with the game though, the amazingly long♥♥♥♥♥loading screens, especially if your PC aint the best. It takes me about 3 minutes I think? just to load the menu itself, and about another 3-5 minutes to load the actual game. I run an i3-4330 @ 3.5GHz and a GTX 670 (the cpu is below minimum, I do admit, but my friend had the same problem on a decent rig). I have no problems with framerate, considering im running the game at 1080p with textures medium (everything else low). I've only crashed once on multiplayer, but thats before the game even began. (i guess im taking up too much cpu power)I would seriously recommend this to any fan of the 40k universe and coop potatoes, if the loading times dont seem to bug you (and possibly crashes? I dont know, not for me at least) However if you can, I think it would be best to wait for this game to go on sale and let them polish the game up a bit, possibly even add a true coop campaign. This to me is a real shame."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393579,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fusou,"""Fatal Error"""
76561198006471501,Recommended,298900,28393567,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kimbo81,"I quite like this game as it finally tries to do some good with the W40k franchise. I say tries, because as much as the fantastic audio (psyk whispers, etc) and lovely atmosphere contribute to a great deal of fun, it's always, ALWAYS undermined by the spastic AI Deathwing Squad Members (remember these are the Dark Angels ♥♥♥♥ing Elite) and having to earn basic skills, and abilities that the Deathwing should already have.Brother Barachial (Brother Bellend to me) spends most of his time ♥♥♥♥ing around at the back, and doing everything in his sodding powers to not enter combat. He stands by looking on as a Genestealer shoves its hand through your face and does nothing. Not content with this underwhelming behaviour, he also seems to enjoy standing in front of you ensuring none of your rounds reach the enemy, and standing with his back to the enemy. If equipped with anything other than his Assault Cannon he is essentially useless. I spent points so he could equip the Plasma Cannon, which he fired 3 times throughout the whole second mission. I gave him lightning claws and he ran around like an idiot, standing motionless next to enemies before finally swiping with his claws, by which time his health was zilch.Brother Nahum is a Deathwing Apothecary..actually I cannot be bothered.You're a Deathwing command squad, the elite of the elite. You -for no reason- are devoid two members of your squad, and can only pick from a handful of weapons. Somehow Genestealer hybrids with standard assault rifles can kill you (I loved the ""A lightly armed genestealer hybrid killed you"" message).The atmosphere and audio are great, and when it works it works very well, but it's undermined too much by having to earn stuff that a Terminator Squad should already have, and problems like the genestealer that always gets stuck behind you in close quarters and kills you in seconds. Sadly, on top of that your squad are imbeciles that the Turtle thing we all drove around with an old BBC computer could run circles around.I was really looking forward to this game, but the mammoth loading time on first start-up had me worried, and unfortunately my worries were confirmed. I am sure umpteen patches will see these issues fixed, but it has really ♥♥♥♥ed up what could have been a large, and impactful release. :(I recommend this product based on the good bits noted in my review, but you must be prepared to put up with the bad bits also mentioned. Touch wood it will get better. Afterall, THE EMPEROR ABHORS FAILURE."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393700,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dust,IN THE GRIM DARKNESS OF THE FAR FUTURE THERE ARE ONLY BUGS!
76561197969980598,Not Recommended,298900,28385005,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zargas,"Buyer bewareI cant talk for SP but if you are thinking about getting this to play MP with a few friends then this game is not for you.Right now it hardly worksgame breaking bugs, the kind that kicks you out of a game forcing a restart of said chapterTo dropping frames and never recovering, making the game slowly turn into a slideshow.This game is best as a single player game and has nothing in the term of replayability for MP.If they change this i will uppdate."
76561198045437778,Recommended,298900,28382710,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sniper_welch_1,"Really Good game. I'm getting bad fps dips when it gets busy with a gtx 1080 and an i5 6600k which is a bit disappointing, but it it's early days yet.It's still a really good game!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28434117,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Devastator,"Multiplayer is just horrible:1. When host opens inventory game crashes and session is dismissed.2. You cannot hack turrets in multiplayer.3. No relics in multiplayer.4. Interacting with door may sometimes diable your ability to shoot completely.pros: beautiful environment, atmospheric spaces.4/10 not worth 25$ or even 10$"
,Recommended,298900,34803335,Posted: 7 September,all,Vexy,"Feels much better than release version, decent multiplayer experience, with discount good purchase"
76561198006853255,Recommended,298900,28402191,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Exadius,"So much salt....Theres soo much salt and people whinging about thisJust because your game doesnt work, doesnt mean it wont on others.SO far, no issues, no crashes, no noticible bugs, no FPS drops.Using the different wepaons is funThe AI ACUTALLY KILL PEOPLE, i dont know why people seem to think they dont?I dont have that many hours on so far, but im quite enjoying it.Yes, the co-op/online is buggy, eh it will get fixed.Now people are complaining about it being buggy, when they were the ones demanding it be released a week ago. Seriously guys, if the DEVS say the game needs polishing, MAYBE IT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DOES. Be patient, it seems that no one has pateience anymore for games which is rather sad.If i have to wait an extra week or so to play a stable co-op game, then so be it."
76561198167323773,Not Recommended,298900,29216065,Posted: 12 January,all,sgcappy,THis game sucks. I have a higher end PC and have nothign but problems with this game. I plays sometimes and sometimes it said I do not have enough video memory.
76561198018480248,Recommended,298900,28397524,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Schattenadler,"That is my first Warhammer 40K themed game, and I love it.The atmosphere is wonderful and the almost permanent tension is electrifying."
76561198337863999,Recommended,298900,31452138,Posted: 29 April,all,anthony,Good game but could have made it do much betters.
,Not Recommended,298900,28473086,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kony (Twitch.tv/konykaz),"This is a horrible game.  Initially seems fun.. but play a little bit and you realize it is the SAME MAP and you go back and forth on the SAME MAP, killing things or switching levers.  I felt jipped after completing the game. I want my money back.   This has absolutely no depth, or variety or storyline.  I am truly disappointed in another failure of a 40k game."
76561198040146071,Not Recommended,298900,28711536,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Whistler,"Good points: game models the 40k universe quite well. The game is dark, gritty, and beautifully realised graphically. The gothic feel of the architecture is awe-inspiring, and the maps 'feel' like your working your way through a ship. The Armour is modelled well, and captures the essence of being a superhuman walking tank in foot thick armour fatastically.Bad Points: The soloplay campaing is a good representation of a ""space hulk"" boarding mission, but has some flaws. Primarily, AI and weapons loadouts. You WILL no keep your medic, so plan accordingly. Sadly, the game has gone the familiar route of ""Hunt the Medic"" that most swarm games seem to indulge in, but in this game it's beyond annoying to downright frustrating. I've seen entire hoards run past the guy blasing at them with psychic powers standing next to a heavy weapons guy blasting at them to swarm the medic i placed on the far side of the room to test a theory, which sadly was proven correct. Basic skill level you will lose your medic, then your heavy weapons guy, before they come hunting for you. This doesn't change as the skill levels get harder, the game just throws more (and more, and MORE, and..) enemies at you until it's a ridiculous slug fest where you empty one magazine from your weapon then just flail about with your melee weapon until you die, because you simply cannot reload the gun without dying anyway.Various weapons are offered, but apart from some judicious flamethrower usage in an early mission, I found having a good countdown on the psy skills (required for any skill level past basic, or any mission past 5) essential to completing the levels, meaning i never got to try them out. Bog standard storm bolter and force weapon, sword first, then an axe when offered were the only way i managed to finish the levels. If they allowed force weapons to be used with anything other than a standard bolter it would be a great improvement, especially in the higher levels.Hopefully there will be a patch to fix some of the campaign problems, because in all seriousness, the game itself is fantasic. I'd happily buy exta campaigns for it if offered, as long as the AI and swarm mechanics were fixed, and some variety was added, allowing you to fight other races from the 40k Universe that also travel in Space Hulks.Overall, enjoyed the game engine, and the levels look fantastic. AI, swarm mechanics and Weapons Loadouts seriously let the game down though. If you're a 40k fan, grab it on sale and hope they fix it, otherwise I can't recommend it, sadly :("
76561198006603274,Not Recommended,298900,28825747,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sikamikanico,Game is so tiny you can buy it finish it under 2 hours and then ask for a refund...so i recomend this game for that reasson only.other than this i dont recomend it cause multiplayer is unplayable and completly pointless with no permanent lvling or unlockables...every time you play you start from the start...also you can only play the single player campaign in multiplayer.. dont expect any other game modes.you can keep that game with the hope that the developers will realease a huge content patch for free in the future...other than that there is no reasson to keep that game unfortunatelly.
76561197997388929,Not Recommended,298900,28838468,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Beaudeen,what a buggy POS. Cannot be play multiplayer at all due to crash upon trying to matchmake.
,Not Recommended,298900,28841932,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MattC231,"pre-ordered and was disappointed, poorly optimized"
,Recommended,298900,30233037,Posted: 27 February,all,Maine,"The game is definitely difficult to run with the stunning graphics that are always shown in the trailers, but if you don't mind stepping down to the lowest settings it runs smoothly and is tons of fun. Mowing down the waves of aliens swarming from all directions, especially with friends, will give you an experience you can't quite get in any other game."
,Recommended,298900,30268227,Posted: 1 March,all,BobTheMushroom,"I am big into 40k themed items, but that didnt stop me from being disppointed at launch with this game. However, now that the game has been out for awhile I would say to give this atleast a try if you are into the world and lore of Warhammer 40k. I have noticed a trend about TotalBiscuit themed reviews nit picking at this and that. Most promanently the way you move in the armor of a terminator, which I would reference the Deathwing army list and how they still attack at the same speed as most others when they have a sword or lightning claws. I digress though, this is in essense a Vermintide for 40k. Now I have not tried the mulitplayer, but I would still think it is more fluid than vermintides mulitplayer over all. Again if you want another 40k shooter after Space Marine this is the thing for you."
76561198272882775,Recommended,298900,28869791,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mr.bigglesworth,"im having a blast with this game. hopefully they will continue to support this game and keep fixing and adding. i remember vermintide didnt have such a hot release either, but with constant support from the devs became a good investment."
,Recommended,298900,33640007,Posted: 18 July,all,KillerExe_01,The devs are still adding content to this game and they're listening to their players.When this game launched it was a solid game and pretty soon it's going to be a great.
,Recommended,298900,28559805,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Narodnik,"I really love this game, the fact that there's a few bugs is undeniable, but their extremelly inconsequential (mostly just mobs spawning in front of you), and I really dont think they take away from the overall experiance, the story is engaging, the atmosphere is great and when a level is over you really feel a sense of achievement; if you're a 40k fan boy you're pretty much garunteed to have a soft spot for the game after the first hour or so of gameplay, if not then you'll definately appreciate the fun times to be had atleast. Also the fact that you can see your own feet is a big plus for me, I like it when games give you visible bodies, it adds to the immersion, I think."
,Recommended,298900,28573184,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,InnerCircle13,"tense, powerful, destructive. as a powerful warrior, i actually feel increadably strong as i stomp through the narrow hallways, the weapons sound great, the environment sounds great, and the aliens sound great. since the hotpatch, a lot of issues have been resolved. i'm really enjoying it now. (but i'm a sucker for 40k games)bias aside, ive come to enjoy this rework of an old Games workshop tabletop game. i do miss the ability to overload your weapons to destroy an objective that was in the previous game (original playstation 1). its less tactical and more run and gun now, but it feels like the developers want to grow it further."
76561198174846358,Recommended,298900,28748383,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kawasaki Ken,"So far I love this game! It really feels like I'm walking around in Terminator armor. The combat is awesome! Whether I'm shooting my stormbolter or swinging my force sword, the weight of each action feels right. Even the time to reload feels agonizingly right, especially when hordes of genestealers come at you. I'm just glad autocannons don't explode when they jam, or at least I haven't experienced that yet. The most thrilling situations are when my team is being swarmed by genestealers. It gets really intense, but I love the righteous feeling of my battle brothers and me emerging victorious.I was worried about all the negative reviews, but if you are ok with single player, then the game works fine. If you have ever wanted to experience fighting in Terminator armor, you have to try this game."
76561197971556261,Recommended,298900,29190228,Posted: 11 January,all,[XIII]Seaplace,"It has a good singleplayer campain, fantastic atmusphere and sounds. Captures Wh40 exellently.However MP is buggy and DEEPLY lacking. So unless you are willing to see through fingers with a lot, dont buy for MP"
76561198021737212,Recommended,298900,28551846,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Silent Sir,"Space Hulk: Deathwing was more than I could have hoped for. They brought thier A-game with them this time. Well ♥♥♥♥ing done siris. The graphics are perfect, and the AI is REALLY agressive on the harder difficulties. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Felt like I was drowning in them going through one hallway. But overall, great game for a great buy."
76561198005367895,Recommended,298900,28552606,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alpaca,The shock that this was nothing like Vermintide initially made me (and probably many other gamers) very angry.  After playing through the single player I think it's a really good Space Hulk shooter and I've really enjoyed how immersive they managed to make playing as a terminator.
76561197968411305,Recommended,298900,28566174,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mauler,"Absolutely loving it. Apart from a few bugs (squadmate down then revived but icon still a skull, loadout changed partway through 3rd mission, inverting mouse Y-axis inverts it for in-game command menu dial too blergh) that should be patched soon I've had no trouble at all. Unlike the beta the load times are fine, I've had no crashing to desktop at all in 20 hours of play or any serious performance woes at all; it's stable and fine, certainly far more stable than big-name recent releases like TW:Warhammer's Wood Elves DLC, BF1 & Civ6.The voice-over on the mission load-screens is awesome, I can't place who it is but I'm sure I recognise the voice. The voice for Belial's briefings is alright and it's nice that our Deathwing BAWSS is showing a personal interest, obvs he's not too busy...or knows something's up...What people need to remember about the gameplay is that it's very, very close to Space Hulk's original design (for an FPS) and very accurate to how 40k weaponry should be. Yes, Genestealers spawn from set entry points, like they should. I saw that used as a complaint, clearly from someone who never played Space Hulk on a table. But once 'Stealers are on the move they have several layers of AI which dictates how many form each swarm, when they attack and along which routes, and some of which also dictates individual 'Stealer behaviour. In one area in single player my 3-man squad (such an odd number but works within the game) was rushed by a group of 'Stealers from one direction, Hybrids laid down fire with autoguns and krak missiles and a few sneaky 'Stealers hit us from the rear, one of which saw me open fire and quickly jinked into a parallel corridor to close unhindered where I couldn't see him. Space Hulk has always been about using the right weapons to hold key areas combined with knowing when to move and when to stand your ground and this is exactly that, in a gorgeous FPS package.The Terminator suit feels fairly lumbering but not to the point of being unwieldy. Momentum is a thing; when stationary or walking you can turn around fairly fast but when running you're not changing direction anytime soon.Weapons, so far, feel spot-on. The storm bolter isn't a machine-gun firing bullets (no boltguns are) and has a good rapid, solid rate of fire and feel as it should. The assault cannon, by contrast, is less accurate at long range but has a higher ROF as a trade-off, with a less thudding sound as it's a much smaller caliber than a boltgun. The heavy flamer is satisfying to use and has a decent capacity before needing to reload. The vengeance storm bolter is a great semi-auto shotgun equivalent and is much more effective at close range than the standard storm bolter. The plasma cannon doesn't sound like I expected (but then what should plasma weapons sound like given that they're basically firing solar flares?) and is surprisingly accurate with decent splash-damage on hit.Melee combat feels how I expect it to when you're in the heaviest suit of armour known to man swinging a massive power fist: when you connect it works but it's not where you want to be unless armed appropriately, which ranged Terminators generally are not. The force sword is much faster but with less power behind the strikes and it might as well be a power sword. Melee combat is a combination of blocking/parrying incoming attacks and trying to connect with your own at various speed/power levels depending on how long you hold the melee button down for before letting go to swing. Unless you're using a TH+SS or lightning claws you'll generally come off worse when you get bundled by several 'Stealers at once and against some of the variant strains that appear later on you seriously don't want them anywhere near you without melee gear if playing on Hard.Psychic powers are very useful and some that you unlock like Inferno are capable of travelling down a corridor (under limited control, no less!) and immolating most 'Stealers but then that has a long cool-down which is reduced when you're using a storm bolter and force weapon.  More details on them would be nice, the final one does something automatically but I'm not sure what...Enemies are true to the original game of Space Hulk with it's Genestealer & Deathwing expansions adding in Hybrids, psychic powers and weapons beyond storm bolters, heavy flamers & fists. I won't mention what variants of Genestealer crop up after the first few missions but the devs have taken significant inspiration from the main Tyranid codex which keeps things from getting too repetative, IMO. Hybrids are mostly armed with NERF-level autoguns which mostly distract you but can grind you down over time if left to concentrate fire on you in numbers - like on the tabletop game. Fewer Hybrids are armed with krak missile launchers for long-range hassle and a few - which are easily missed until it's too late - have heavy stubbers which can kill you pretty damn fast if you're ignoring them because you thought it's just a group of namby autogun bolter-fodder. I initially thought they were old-skool autocannons (in the Genestealer expansion they used the old Chaos infantry autocannons which look like an ornate version of today's heavy stubber) as they are much more of a threat than any heavy stubber on the tabletop should be, but then Hybrids needed a medium-close range threat to prevent players from just ignoring them I suppose. Technically, if you're rounding up, in 40k 12 heavy stubber shots at BS3 should kill a Terminator so the devs may not be too far off the mark; if you're undamaged you're generally OK but if you've already been smashed up then those stubbers will easily finish you off.Anyway, enough blithering! If you like Space Hulk and FPS games then this is basically the game for you. If you like FPS games and L4D/Vermintide especially then you'll most likely enjoy this game but remember, it IS Space Hulk and not a L4D/Vermintide clone so keep that in mind when developing expectations.I love it to bits at the moment but it's not perfect: the UI isn't the most polished, there's a few bugs to iron out (welcome to 21st century gaming) and the design walks an odd path where it may be too Space Hulk for fast FPS fans but too FPS for Space Hulk purists. In this, unlike the game, Terminators can sidestep and don't block each other's movement (I think that is dependant on Friendly Fire being on or off though) but how well would the game have been received by the average gamer if you're playing in corridors or even more narrow walkways and your AI squadmates block your movement without even being about to sidestep.strafe? Personally I think that Streum On got the compromise of boardgame and FPS juuuust right. I love the game but then I've owned the boardgame since 1990 and have waited for this since then. Ignore anyone who dismisses this game out of hand; the only way to judge it is to play it...make use of Steam's ""play for 2 hours before getting a refund"" policy and enter the cold dark. :]"
,Recommended,298900,28680592,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ambrucor | TCE | KGGram,"Ok, so here are the pros and cons of Space Hulk: Deathwing!+Great visuals+Great atmosphere+Open levels+Guns feel powerful+Teamwork is essential+Surprisingly well told story-Still prone to bugs, although I personally encountered only a few-Performance could be better-Lack of control over a multiplayer session, once it has startedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DpzbHHfnGE"
76561197994520651,Recommended,298900,28749715,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[V-M] Kaem,"Fantastic atmosphere, this is how I always imagined the inside of a warhammer space ship would look. Stone and metal, like a cathedral mixed with a factory and sewage treatment-plant. :D"
,Not Recommended,298900,28418832,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,McBeef,crashes constantly
,Recommended,298900,28971021,Posted: 3 January,all,Krabocopter,"Great game. The atmosphere, the gameplay and the feeling fuse together for an authentic experience"
,Not Recommended,298900,28380976,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Battlefront 2 Beta,▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄████▌▄▌▄▐▐▌█████████▌▄▌▄▐▐▌▀████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀
76561198330973187,Not Recommended,298900,28380377,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,killamanjaro17,"Tried using a gamepad in the beta, it completely broke all the controls, it would not allow me to remap anything. It broke the beta for me. And somehow this same glitch found its way into the full game. All the controls, still gone. Can't reset them, nothing. Have tried everything. I'm incredibly dissapointed by this now unplayable game."
,Recommended,298900,28471257,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sergal the Slut,"In the name of the Emperor, CHARGE!!!11*stomp, stomp, stomp*"
76561198134994152,Recommended,298900,28380349,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Odins_Wrath,"This is my first game related to this universe. All I can say is....whoa.-EDIT BELOW-Specs-i7 6700k not OC'dGTX 108032 gb ram 3200 mhzMSI xgaming titanium moboGreat game. Game booted up with no problems whatsoever!If you want to kill everything, play with friends or strangers? Get this gameThe ending ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Really?! THATS WHAT YALL CAME UP WITH?! I HAVE PLAYED INDIE GAMES FREE OFF OF MODDB WITH BETTER ♥♥♥♥IN ENDINGS. JESUS CHRIST ON A STICK. Load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ZERO bosses, you would THINK thered be Dark Angel Tyranid hybrids SINCE THEY HAD THE GENE SEED BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOObuyer beware of the solo play"
,Not Recommended,298900,28769316,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Imhoteph,Disappointing lack of character progression. See Warhammer Vermintide for that. This is just a bit bleh.. sorry.
76561198182802313,Recommended,298900,28380448,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Muricaball,FOR THE EMPEROR !!!!!!!!10/10
76561198078991384,Not Recommended,298900,29594721,Posted: 30 January,all,MemesterChief,"They say the Imperium of Mankind has stagnated and the dark times are ahead. I can only assume Games Workshop wants to make the plot of the 40k universe a reality by releasing trash game after trash game, killing the hopes and dreams of any who dare think they can make a half-way decent game."
,Not Recommended,298900,29595360,Posted: 30 January,all,TopHatCat,"Whilst looking fairly decent, you will never see the game on those settings, because it runs so poorly you have to set every graphical option to Low.The game seems terribly optomised as it chugs and lags even without many enemies on screen, add this with a clunky UI and it just makes for a game I could not get into and enjoy, sadly I would not recommend this until they give it a huge overhall and sort the preformance issues.Also, this is a complaint just from my expectation, but I expected the game to have progression and unlocks, get yourself new armor and weapons, like Vermintide. Have a reason to play it over and over as you grind new armor, weapons, emblems, colour schemes and so on. But sadly there is no such system, it's just pick your load out and join the terribly designed lobby. The only upgrades you get are in mission and only last for that mission, meaning once you've played them all a few times you really have no reason to do it again outside of gameplay... and, I wasn't that impressed by that, so the game had no lasting value for me."
,Not Recommended,298900,28415400,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GorgonPornstar,"UPDATE: I just noticed the game is on sale for 33% off, I still haven't played or reinstalled this game since launch day since it is such utter trash. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYON THIS GAME. 33% off is not enough for a game that only provides you with a single hour worth of new things to do and see. Wait until it is at least 90% off before pruchasing. The only plus-side to buying this game is you can see literally everything is has to offer in less than 2 hours which means you can get a refund too. Win/win!The singleplayer portion is mindnumbingly dull with a story that is equally boring. The level designs are made so you are constantly back tracking and criss-crossing the same segments constantly to make it feel larger than it really is. To promote exploration you can hunt down ancient relics that are tied to an RPG-lite element to the game to try and coerce you to continue trudging through the campaign. You can hack turrets for whatever reason, it serves no purpose other than to make you stop, waste time and trudge forth. The only purpose to hacking them is to just turn them off as they provide no real benefit as a shooting platform. There are maybe a handful of weapons in the game that only your character can use, but only after you continue completing missions. Considering you will most likely stick to one weapon throughout the whole game, what's the point? You can modify the loadouts of your fellow Terminators, however only one of which can heal and if you remove his narthecium, goodbye heals, which are also limited. The friendly AI is about as lobotomized as they can get and are rarely useful other than the healing they provide. The muliplayer portion looks, feels, and plays exactly the same as the beta. I kind of wonder why they delayed it if they were not going to do any changes... All in all, the game can be fun to play, but feels utterly gutted. Like a half-finished flop or maybe a few good content updates away from being truly great. As it sits now, save your money, wait for a sale or more content."
76561198044675241,Not Recommended,298900,28400430,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Literally Cancer,"I can't say I recomend it. The game has just about all the same gamebreaking bugs from the open beta that Devs were well aware of (can't shoot/melee after interacting with doors??? the ♥♥♥♥) and I don't anticipate them getting fixed anytime soon. Fans of Warhammer might be able to perserve through despite the bugs, but for your average gamer this kind of rushed release is the exact reason why preordering ANYTHING is a a bad idea.Overall, 1 refund/10"
,Not Recommended,298900,28413957,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,John Wick,"AMD / ATI users- The first level grinds down to 1 FPS and stutters to a halt unless.... you disable all sound on your computer. As in go into your playback devices and disable all of them and play the entire first level in silence.That's the official work around the Devs gave, and they have no intentions of patching that until they release one large major patch sometime in the future.That's their idea of acceptable launch day bugs, an idea of an acceptable work around, and their idea of an acceptable turn around time on a game breaking bug on the FIRST LEVEL OF THEIR GAME.So yeah, avoid this game like the Eye of terror. Unless you're into Chaos in which case you enjoy excrutiating painful experiences that are devoid of fun,  in which case here you go."
,Not Recommended,298900,28400888,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,kingjace745,"Right Wing Death Squad Simulator 2016Would have been great if not for:bugsperformance issuesconnection issuesetc.You know, things you'd expect to be fixed after a luanch delay."
76561198105375423,Recommended,298900,28400864,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ratas,"Lot of fun so far, surprisingly big step forward from beta in entertainment value and stability. No serious issues encountered and halfway through the single player campaign. while writing this."
76561198020131822,Recommended,298900,28397401,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lewis Burrows,"I have been having major performance issues, I found a thread which mentioned unchecking the steam overlay option and now it is running so much better hitting 60fps with maxed settings at 1080p almost constantly."
,Recommended,298900,28382677,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LifeSpan,"I've played a few hours of this now and so far I'm impressed, it sounds and feels like I'm a terminator and the AI swarms are as I would expect, COOP with friends is great, good job!"
76561198051185668,Recommended,298900,28384975,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,scribblesvurt,So far so good. BUT:No Controller support. Yes I know you all hate Controller users but I play on the TV and prefer it. Seems a simple feature to be missing.I can't seem to change the Grphics options. Seems to be greyed out but looks and runs good on medium.Good voice acting and sounds. Really feel like your in the environment.Give me Controller support and it will be top!
,Recommended,298900,28384848,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Veltarin,I like this game alot. Even if its only been out for a day i enjoy it quite well. Only Problem however is that i keep getting a Fatal Error that crashes the game. And this is with Singleplayer as well
76561197981402670,Not Recommended,298900,29410274,Posted: 21 January,all,Oni,"I bought this game for the multiplayer aspect hoping to find a new L4D. Sadly this game is not up to the task. The terrain is glitchy making its negotiation difficult and trying to use abilities is quite buggy leading to unnecessary deaths and mission failure. The repetition of missions as a result of theses issues, eventually took its toll and led to me giving up on the game entirely."
,Recommended,298900,28397487,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Alpharius,"10/10 When I close my eyes after playing I see the outline of a hallway and the glow of zeno eyes washed out by the flash of my BOLTER! (Pipes leak when you shoot them i.e fire shoots out or promithuim leaks out, blood goes everwhere even on the ceilings and it will drip back down again! enviroment has destructive properties but it can be hard to notice them in the action.)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28437677,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Guardian,"Much potential , too many bugs and crashes all the time"
76561197977926080,Recommended,298900,28397436,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,+BishopOz+,"If you like fps and 40k, you'll most likely enjoy this. Great atmosphere, looks good. Gunplay is a bit samey but it's a fun game. A lot of people have had performance issues but it's ran great for me, i havn't encountered any crashes or bugs as yet.So if the idea of trudging around a huge space hulk in terminator armor slicing and blowing up tyranids sounds like fun, you'll enjoy it."
76561198007207284,Recommended,298900,28684927,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PocketAces,"I'm not seeing where all the negative reviews are coming from. It's a great game, you kill swarms of Nids and carry the assualt cannon, I ditched the stormbolter due to lack of magazine capacity, loaded up my heavy weapons guy with a thunder hammer and stormshield, of which he does better and now cruising through the missions, I played on VH and have had one crash, a couple frame drop rates and that's about it. Your buddies could be a littlemore intelligent, but otherwise it is a blast."
,Recommended,298900,28764025,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kenjara,"Great atmosphere and good gameplay.Feels somewhat old school in a good way.Only played single player, not interested in multiplayer."
,Recommended,298900,28799579,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KGSupreme,"Picked up the game during the Winter Sale. I expected to see a bugged out piece of trash game like a majority of other players have experienced, but instead I got exactly as advertised. A tense, claustrophobic, chaotic, futurisitc dungeon crawler. I have not experienced game crashing bugs, nor has it been an issue connecting to friends online.I would like to see a different upgrade/unlock progression system. Something about unlocking things as you roll in one chapter and then having to restart in the next is very annoying, but at this point the weapon choices are so limited per class that its not that bad. As an example, playing as the Assault(Melee) class you start with A mace with Shield or two sets of power claws. From there the only weapons you can earn is a Hammer with shield, then there are some abilities that you gain. On to the next chapter? Start over.Playing with friends is a good time, but the game works like other progressional survival games(IE Left4Dead, Vermintide) over time it can get very fatiguing. You get paranoid about where enemies are coming from, its very dark all the time, you and your team do not move very fast, there is not much music to speak of, and the ambience is frightening. Each chapter is surprisingly long, with the next chapter in succession being longer than the previous.8/10 Glory to the Emperor."
,Recommended,298900,29048596,Posted: 5 January,all,Carferry,"It's ok right now, I have not had any huge issues on 2 different computers. Just a couple of crashes on one but probably because I was alt-tabbing a lot. I am not a huge multiplayer fan so I mostly stick with the single player. My biggest problem with that is there is no form of new-game plus or mission selection as to find collectables that you missed and use more of the late game equipment. My other problem being lore based is the terminators do feel a little too squishy compared to some of the genestealers. I did have a good time overall though and I must say the interior of the space hulk looks AMAZING. Level design and graphics are the best parts for sure, it definately captures the feel of 40k in my opinion.Note: Be sure to make sure your drivers are up to date or you may experience unnecessary problems like I did."
,Recommended,298900,29143895,Posted: 9 January,all,Señor_Pewtor,"Everyone knows this game has performance issues, so let me spare you of that part. However, the game doesn't stop being fun or entertaining because of it.Most reviews out there nail the things that are wrong with the game quite accuratly, but let me tell you what is indeed right wth it.If like me you are a massive warhammer 40.000 fan, that reads the novels and played RPG's themed around it. Then you might want to try this.The environment, the attention to detail as evoked the warhammer 40.000 feel like precious few have done to date. It's a game that is begging you to forget your main mission for  while and just explore the space hulk, drinking in the atmosphere and the stories it has to tell.I reccomend this with a caveat, wait for some patching before you hurl yourself head first into it.  Maybe this might be the stepping stone for a future title, because in all honesty it feels bare bones. But it is an enjoyable experience that shouldn't be passed up just because of bugs, IMHO.There are games with more polish and finish that are less interesting to play then this (souless games). This game has character, now it just needs to build around it.To Streum On studios: You go guys, you have teased us with something interesting, hopefully in the future you will deliver something trully epic.EDIT:As of 18/7/17 the game is making steady progress. It's more stable and plays better.Looking forward for the Enhanced Edition."
76561198059388479,Recommended,298900,29153716,Posted: 9 January,all,Savagepotato45,"There i was, in what i assume was an maintenence tunnel, leading my squad with my trusty flamer and boom, my movement tracker explodes and i see a congo line of xeno scum right in front of me. Constantly pushing forward I went to town with my flamer and the hallway turned red with roasted scum, but soon my tanks were out and this line of xeno scum turned into a screaming flesh grinder of death, I thought my time had come and I fell back. Then, out of no where, my battle brother boasting his gatling cannon stepped forward and laid down the law, and quite literally made a mound of body parts. Together standing side by side, we held our ground against the tide of scum.From a scale of 1 to lit, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing on fire"
,Recommended,298900,28558171,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Haknoes,"I've seen very few representations of the Warhammer 40k universe as faithful as this. If you're a 40k fan, the scenery in this game is worth the buy-in alone."
,Recommended,298900,28861745,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Caitiff661,"While there are many small issues with the game, fixing the crashes and disconnects would make this a great spin on the tabletop rules with the co-op.  I haven't played much into the single-player campaign.  I want to see if Steum and Focus can fix it before the end of January to make a final decision, but I have hope that they can."
76561198009331989,Recommended,298900,28866127,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,boats n' hoes,"I read over alot of the other reviews before buying the game and having a look for myself.  If you're a fan of the 40K universe, and willing to overlook a few issues, I can recommend it.  It's a solid go at first person Space Hulk, and has some great game play ideas in it.  Contrary to some other comments, I think the level design and features are solid.  It does have some technical issues, and is really still in a beta stage.  It is abundantly obvious that the dev team really has no idea what they're doing with unreal 4.  It's a newer engine, so I think plenty of issues can be expected.  The technical problems are pretty obvious even in the game play trailer clips if you watch closely.  Everybody talks about FPS drops, but IMO that's only part of the issue.  The physics is totally screwed, specifically related to collision models which causes things that seem like FPS drops.  They tried to hide these issues by giving an absurdly high system requirements, but as you can see from the other posts from guys who way meet and exceed the requirements, they still have these issues.  I'm having the same experience on a Nvidia 485M rig as guys with way better systems that me.  It's not your hardware, it's the code.  I say give them a chance though.  As long as the devs don't abandon it, in 6-9 months or so, it will be fully worth the AAA price tag they are asking for.  At the moment, still playable and fun for a 40K fan."
76561198045442328,Recommended,298900,28381444,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jimson,"I honestly do not understand the mixed/bad reviews. Sure the game have some bugs that needs fixing but it will come eventually. Any 40K fan should definitely consider buying it or at least on sale. The atmosphere is amazing and the graphics are evenly so. I wish I had been a fan of the series as there are so many beautiful references to the lore throughout the maps.I am playing in almost maxed settings at 1920x1080 on an i7 3820K, GTX 680 and 16GB 1333 mhz RAM and I get an average of 40 FPS. I do not understand how there can be so many people with FPS issues. I know why mine is low because of my outdated graphics card.I must admit I have not been playing that much of the singleplayer campaign. The multiplayer part though is insanely fun and addicting. Just remember to bring a healer because you will need it. Do not expect much storyline going on here.The game has potential if the developers keep at it.9/10 from here."
76561197970491766,Not Recommended,298900,28365748,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,myrothe,"Man, what a disappointment. I was really looking forward to this. I loved the board game and this looked really promising. What I thought this was going to be was basically Vermintide (Or Left 4 Dead) with a Warhammer 40,000 theme, and honestly that's all I was expexting, or even wanting. This however is nowhere near as good, or polished as either of those games. This whole thing feels rushed out the door and poorly coded.Half implemented gamepad controls, rough interface, choppy unoptomized gameplay, ugly graphics even at max settings, overly convoluted controls, bugs, framerate drops, ugly animations, this thing is very amateur.Oh Fatshark, why couldn't you have stepped in and saved this?Big disappointing fail"
,Not Recommended,298900,28366610,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.It appears that the two week extension certainly wasn't enough to fix one of the most important and widely reported problems in the beta : The framerate drop.Whilst the tutorial plays with no problems, as soon as you are told that ""you aren't alone"", frame rate drops to such a low value that movement is impossible.In addition to that audio breaks up constantly, and the intro movie to the single player mode was stuttering all over the place too.The good news is that it seems to only affect AMD processor users.  Unfortunately the bad news is that this is the same problem that the ""Squad"" game had last year, and needed Epic to fix it.  Whether they actually did or not, I dont know.  Its also possible that Strueom are using an older version of the Unreal 4 engine.  Either way, its  a problem.The graphics are certainly nice, and the training mission plays without problems, but unfortunately after that, the game falls down.  Hard.  Into a canyon.  Filled with molten lead.As of now, I would stay away."
,Not Recommended,298900,28381429,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,venom158,"I'll try keep this nice and short guys.1. Very poorly optimised- Load times on par with Duke Nukem forever.2.Don't expect top play this on friendly fire mode, this is a claustrophobic L4D esqu game where you need to stick together to get anything done, however most of the weapons have needlessly large AOE making it impossible to stand with your teammates withough being obliterated.3. Abilities (specifically the medics skills) are very short ranged making it hard to support other players (combined with high damage AOE from you tank class and you can see the problem)4. Horrible connectivity issues, Joining through steam I would be thrown into random servers and parties (even joining directly onto a friend I had this problem)5. It's just boring to play guys, don't bother.On the plus side, it's quite pretty when the textures decide to load up."
,Not Recommended,298900,28400359,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,darktorch4,"Frame rate dropped to the ground any time even one enemy shows up (I have a GTX 1070) and online is wow broken to the core doesn't say enough to tell you the truth. I really really really wanted to love this game because I love warhammer... But, don't get me wrong I do love this game, but it is broken way to much and needs a LOT of work done to it before it is a full working game... Sorry but as great as this idea is, without fixing bugs and frame rate problems it is not worth the money yet..."
,Not Recommended,298900,28411281,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,"Wolf, D. Fearfang",as of the delay i hoped it would be more then ready but it is not i have a computer set up for games like this i have a 1060 but i have to play it on low with a rez scale of 70 and it still studdters and locks up as if it was still in alpha witch its not so please fix it soon or this game is going to die
76561197970768647,Recommended,298900,28475998,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,~SHOK~troopa,"ooooooh boi boi boi she got promise yall, she got promise, just a lil rough round the edges but with fan support could definately be a 'THING' with constant additional content like episodic or free-to-play but it sure is 'DIFFERENT' to all the other FPS games goin on nowadays"
76561198115378679,Recommended,298900,28400360,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,xxNightWulf,"I really like this game, but the servers are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061531560,Not Recommended,298900,28400407,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,shadow,Sad.
76561198013091673,Recommended,298900,30483515,Posted: 12 March,all,Foxhound25,"I am a big 40K fan, love the whole universe. This game captures that feeling and look and is a decent-good game overall. However, I feel like it is only a start. There is SO much more that is needed to make this a really good game. I am playing as the Deathwing, the Chapter Master's own, and you're telling me I only get to pick from a few weapon's choices? Come on, I should have access to the entire armoury. Plus, I am a librarian, where are my personalized weapons? The ""relic"" weapons we do get access to have the same stats as the standard weapons. Why can't my AI buddies use the other weapons? WHY DOESN'T THE APOTHECARY AUTO-HEAL HIS BUDDIES IF HE HAS MEDKITS TO DO SO!?!?!?!?!?!?!!? The other relics we get, what happens to them? I guess they are added but, it would be nice if they had some history and actually boosted your stats, kind of like DoW2. The enemies are fine for now, but I do agree there is something more that could be doen with them, and there needs to be orks or something else in there, maybe a DLC for later. Now my biggest complaint, my AI teammates. Dear God, what the crap are these two idiots even doing. For First Company veterans, they fight like children. They are absolutely worthless and only serve to soak up wounds while you rush the goal. They die like lemmings. Worst AI teammates ever. All that being said, the game is fun and you get to kill lots of things. Is it $40 good? Not at the moment, but pick it up on a sale for sure. Load/Saves, holy batballs, what is going on here? When I save the game, save it there, not at a checkpoint some time ago where you throw me into the middle of a fight to the death and my teammates die and now I have to reload the save, AGAIN! Finally, I may be lucky, but I have only experienced a few crashes, so for me the stability is there.Pros:-Scenery, absolutely perfect-Environment/40k 'feel'-Good feeling of being overwhelmed at times by enemies, lots of killing for the God EmperorCons:-Not enough content-Weapons-Not enough content-Customization-Not enough content-Enemies-Not enough content- Teammate customization-Teammate AI is atrocious-Teammate AI is garbage-Teammate AI is worthless-Teammate AI is worst ever"
,Not Recommended,298900,29910744,Posted: 13 February,all,Deadnight,As of 2/13/17 this game is still broken and plays like an alpha.
,Recommended,298900,28465155,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mallidge,"Went full melee squad for the last section of a mission, everyone is on low health. One guy goes down, broodlord coming for me. Decide to sprint to extraction and slam the door. But lo, my battle brother is still alive on the other side. All I can hear is lightning claws slashing and tyranids dying by the dozen. After about 2 min of this, I worked up the courage to risk opening the door for a moment to bring my brother across the threshold to safety, and there he was, standing in a hallway full to the brim with blood and gore, and at death's doorstep. Got him through and swiftly shut the door again. Mission accomplished.Survival against the odds in the Deathwing."
76561197970796649,Not Recommended,298900,28456110,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TomNewDelhi,"I was really looking forward to this game but unfortunatly it runs like a car on 4 flat tyres. Constant crashes to desktop, with a ""fatal exception 12"" error. things disappearing when i get near them, or my favorite bug is not being able to shoot, interact, heal or meele, just walk around shouting orders....Its a shame as i like the whole space hulk theme, from the board game to books etc.they have the atmosphere in the game just as i would expect it to be, the clunky movement of the terminators was spot on too.Can i recommend this game? Right now no, i cant, its full of bugs (and im not talking tyranids) random crashes, and game breaking issues.If they decide to fix these id consider changing my review, for now id give this a wide berth."
76561198129008092,Recommended,298900,28368015,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Prinny,"Here are the first 3 levels in a optimization-nutshell on medium with a mediocre pc (AMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core, GTX 780, 16 GB RAM):1st level: 3 fps in a empty corridor with nothing happening and 60 fps with 200 enemies on-screen2nd level: constant 30-40 fps, not even that horrible3rd level: 1st half is 60 fps with only a slight stutter here and there but the tearing is cancer, 2nd half is just batman arkham knight 2.0This game is testing my loality to the emporer but i will remain strong10/10 would have epileptic seizure for the emporer again"
76561198049431605,Recommended,298900,28386588,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Crimson1D0L,"solid game, performance issues, just slows down when the screen fills with tyranids. the weapons so far are brutal, the space hulk is atmospheric and well put together.as a final note, the gore is amazingly putrid lol, although i always imagined the tyranids as having green blood, but meh"
,Recommended,298900,28456546,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ebmocces,"* 2 player co-op with my friend* learning the ropes on the first level* got owned in minutes* tried again* got almost to the end level boss and friend dc'ed* fought my way to the boss* had my head ripped off by boss10/10 best hour ever, would get my head ripped off again!"
76561198053803670,Not Recommended,298900,28456641,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ChapterMaster Atlas,"I really wanted this game to be good. To be fair its pretty poor at the moment. The weapons are weak, the AI dumber then rocks. On top of those issues even on my machine that has 36GB of RAM, I7, and Geforce 1080 I suffer some mad frame rate drops. Only 7 actual ships to explore, they are pretty big in area though. The AI for both the Termis and the Genestealers are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. In the trailers they said the Genestealers would be smart, but they just seem to run at you in a straight line. The Termis need more dialogue between each other and weapons for the Space Marines should back a larger punch."
76561198053533659,Not Recommended,298900,29692202,Posted: 4 February,all,Phi,"Is this how software-business is done in France? Don't buy this game, it's a scam.1) You said the game was ready on release date. Meanwhile you had this developer playing session before the release:https://clips.twitch.tv/focushomeinteractive/DeadWombatPMSTwinThis is the same error we are STILL getting, you don't have any excuse as this video is evidence you KNEW about the Fatal Error bug.2) You promised to fix the bugs and optimize the game to make it playable by end of January.3) Now that January has passed, it turns out you lied to us and are now posting that you STILL are not finished with the patch to make the game playable? Instead you ""plan"" to release the beta (???) of a patch without even giving us a date."
76561197963935556,Recommended,298900,30383194,Posted: 7 March,all,Ubapook2,"I have only played for 9 hours, and only once did I try multiplayer. Seeing the horrific negative reviews about multiplayer, I figured I would give the devs time to figure it out and I would get back to it, so my review is mianly only forsingle player only. This game works for me - and I play on a 2015 Macbook Pro (on Windows 10 through Bootcamp) with both an Intel Iris HD card and an AMD Radeon R9 M370X (i know, lol). I play on low settings, but I have to say, this game runs smoothly most of the time, much better than expected.I think this game has great potential. It has alot of weapon selections, as well as ways of combining psychic powers (with an okay progression system for spending experience). However, the menu and UI/map is clunky, ugly, and discouraging. There is so much they can do better. The ship itself is amazingly detailed (even with my fairly bad graphics), and while I am not very into Warhammer lore, I can atleast agree with the fact that every single review mentions how good they are sticking to the Space Hulk's universe and accuracy. They honestly could do a much better job on the gameplay though. Still need to try multiplayer.I will give this game a positive review, even though I would say my review is honestly %70 positive and %30 negative, at best. This game has potential, and if it all worked, it would be an awesome experience. I am optimistic about this, even though some time has passed since release. I will leave my review positive for now, and maybe change it in the future depending on what happens. I'm going to try playing it again this weekend for the first time in over a week, and see what is going on with the new patch and beta versions. Thanks for reading. I also appologize if at any point I used the wrong name for anything 40k related - as I said, I am not into the lore at all, I was long ago though."
76561198242345700,Recommended,298900,28368047,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,j_s14a,"Didn't try the Beta, just downloaded the full game tonight.I'm really impressed. Okay, so the menu was a little glitchy (it froze, and my cursor dissappeared), but other than that I've had no framerate issues. The game has a great atmosphere. If you are or were a fan of the franchise then it's a must buy, and if you enjoyed Doom 3 then this will feel familiar."
76561198005347228,Not Recommended,298900,28365366,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kibatsu,Game is freezing 1-2 times per minute for usually 3 seconds (using latest graphics card drivers).Unplayable for me at this stage.
76561197991432282,Recommended,298900,28368254,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RedRenegade,9/10Some bugs still but i have faith in this game! :)
,Not Recommended,298900,28385759,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shoot the Doctor FIRST!,"Graphics and design wise, it's great, bar poor optimisation and frame rate issues. Every other aspect is unfinished and lacking any kind of polish. This is a rushed game, do not buy."
,Recommended,298900,28385830,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FlyMatt,Exactly what you want if you want to be a badass version of what is already a badass version of a badass supreme.
,Recommended,298900,28385873,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Saltycake,Did you mean: Left 4 Dead in Space?
,Recommended,298900,28368261,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Notna07,"I really like this game so far, seems like the kind of 40k expirience we have been waiting for!Nice job, and way to go Streum On Studio!The gameplay is good, one of the best horde shooters I have played, since it also includes a few tatical elements.Many people seems to expirience poor performance though, I have not noticed anything unusual from my fairly new over average build. Nowdays people tend to overreact to performance problems on day one, knowing the game will be patched shortly.As I said, I really like the game, and if you like WH40k and longs for something different this may be the game for you.Just mind it that it is not action from start till finish, there is a lot of walking arround in corridors in between the purging sessions."
76561198021975103,Not Recommended,298900,28368771,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,♥D.VA♥,"Don't BUY this Game now ! wait for it to be optimized ,because atm  it is unplayable Lags Fps Dropps long loading screens( up to 5min !) no fun at all ."
,Not Recommended,298900,28385344,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Freddy Spaghetti,"First 20 minutes of Space Hulk: Deathwing,I launch the game and it takes 5 minutes to load into the menu.My friend makes a lobby but i keep getting disconnected.After three tries im in. That took 10 minutes.The game is never above 53fps. The game is sometimes going down to 1fps.We're five minutes in and the game crashes.I close, uninstall, and refund."
76561198030915851,Recommended,298900,28385895,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ellif D'Wulfe,"While still need optimisation work and some bug fixing this is a solid game. Visually it looks great, atmospheric sounds and generally smooth gameplay.   Some instances of frame rate stutter especially when the Heavy Flamer has been used in areas of high Genestealer spawn accompanied by mouse issues but they were short lived.Gameplay itself is fun, the early part of the 1st chapter builds a nice level of suspense (enough that i found myself shooting at pipes a few times when they suddenly started hissing steam) and the skill system while basic allows some customisation.It does need polish though as well as the frame rate issues there's still disconnects in MP, a lack of flavour text for the relics you obtain and clearer tutorial that includes elements of the UI.I wouldn't buy it just for the MP with the way it's set up (A host system), but it's worth the purchase for the solo campaign from what I've seen so far."
,Not Recommended,298900,28390190,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zekail,"Wanted to love this game so badly. But its unplayable. Continous lockups and freezes, I never got any crashes. However it seemed whenever a new wave would spawn the game would simply lockup, like it had been put on pause.Framerates are subpar, barely getting 20 fps with a 6 gig gtx 1060 12 gigs of ram and an i5-4690. Yet i can play paragon completely maxed out at around 100 fps.I highly doubt ill repurchase unless something drastically changes, like a complete overhaul of the multiplayer. And of course they make it playable."
,Recommended,298900,28390264,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Coughing,well I dont have issues with it Im running it on a laptop Lenovo y50-70 if you wanted the specsIm having a swell time playing a good game that turned out exactly as hoped I really dont see what ppl are blabering about
,Not Recommended,298900,28390568,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,knee,"Begins very fun and appears to be a good story. Basic mechanics and gameplay is good.However, it seems to be pretty poorly optimised.Also when shooting at many enemies, my FPS would drop from about 50  to below 10 FPS, which is completely unplayable.The trailers conned me into buying, good job you can refund games on steam.Would not recomend at this moment as it runs poorly and the CO-OP is a shambles.p.s. I am running this with a GTX 770 which is on the lower end of the spectrum, so I expected my game not to run perfectly. However that does not explain me getting less than 10 FPS at parts and the multiplayer being♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also the game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥take to load.3/10"
,Not Recommended,298900,28367857,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CBuHb9I,Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is very boring. I'm disappointed after 1st chapter.
,Recommended,298900,34865688,Posted: 10 September,all,Wokpak,"Initially saw the mixed review score and decided to hold off until a sale. Now I've picked it up, wow... Vermintide meets Alien Isolation.They have absolutely nailed the atmosphere and feel of a grim dark 40k. Giant churning machinery, mounds of corpses, Seroskulls galore. This coupled with really great sound design makes for a pretty intense experience. A simple campaign but one im interested in seeing through and a fun multilayer although no idea how the progression system works on it.It does have issues such as some stuttering during large fight events but it doesnt ruin the experince (for me at least) and the progression system is a little confusing but its still a fun game to dive into."
76561197983029161,Recommended,298900,28366556,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[O]Pallemiitti,"It's a cool little Terminator mayhem, but if you plan playing the single player campaign... Prepare to be amazed by the team mate AI. Holy shidely those guys are D-U-M-B.I love to watch how autogun bloke just stands calmly and wait a pack of Genestealers to rip him into pieces. The team's medic shoots now and then a few times with Bolter, but thats about it.I will try to give these dumb@sses purely melee weapons and see what they think of that. I don't think they do much of a damage to the team with those mittens in hand.Edit: My melee guy reclaimed the expectations. I could only think the inner dialog that Terminator was thinkin in the midst of the battle: ""Dear Genestealer sir! Could you please see these superb lightning mittens that I have in both of my hands. Look at them! They are so shiny and sparkly.""He was standing there like a complete idiot, hands thrown up in the air (the highest these walking tanks can) and taking the punches like a champ.And what about the medic? He got total of three kills after a few minutes of gameplay... Then he died, the autogun guy died and lastly me...GGHF with this AI. :)"
76561198095906642,Not Recommended,298900,28928041,Posted: 1 January,all,Alpharius,The God Emperor disapproves.
76561198073084765,Not Recommended,298900,29034208,Posted: 5 January,all,Robert E.O. Speedwagon,"Ugh, sadly, this is the dullest thing ever. Barely any weapons (or anything at all) to unlock, Genestealers just run at you in a straight line, and you shoot them/smash them. That's it. Beautiful enviroments are the only thing the game has going for it.I'd rather play E.Y.E Divine Cybermancy again, a much better, much cheaper game from the same studio."
76561197983611285,Recommended,298900,29193616,Posted: 11 January,all,IronWarrior,"Well, at the beginning. I gave this game a negative review for reasons well shared among others.After 61 hours, I decided to change this review to say that I like this game. I play it a few hours per day repeating the same old maps over and over and I don't get bored because aside from the negatives. You are playng a damn Terminator in a Space Hulk blasting or chopping up dirty Xenos with 3 other players."
,Recommended,298900,29273644,Posted: 15 January,all,Sacobite,"Cool game, rather reminiscent of other coop shooters such as Left 4 dead 2. However numerous bugs, FPS drops and crashes made me refund it. Buy it now if you're a die hard fan of Warhams and don't mind the afformentioned issues, otherwise wait till they fix it."
76561198090666334,Recommended,298900,29313187,Posted: 17 January,all,s0laris,"Pros:-Atmosphere (ship designs, model designs, W40k feel, voice acting etc, not going into detail)Cons:-Poor otimization (requirements are rather high due to this)-Bugs and game crashes (this is what spawns most of the negative reviews)-Ragdoll effect looks weird-Weapons are underwhelming except a couple hard hitters-Vox chatter is a bit repetitive-Multiplayer co-op is broken, if the host crashes, the rest of the team is thrown out of the MP instance. If you are looking mainly for Multiplayer, this is a major con and i suggest you wait with purchasing until the issues are fixed.-Radial menu - Devs, seriously? Keep this thing optional. I got a damm keyboard and a 10 button mouse, am not a console peasant-The playerbase (Yet another game strangled by its own community - check how nonsense some of the reviews are, visit the forums to see people who already refunded bashing the game and trying to discourage new players from buying.)Long list of cons, eh? Why positive review? Its simple: The overall feeling of the game, just walking around, looking at the details, assaulting the genestealers feels fun, it is a genuine W40k experience."
,Not Recommended,298900,28442877,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Skeleton Dickbag,"I'm sure it'll be great after six months to a year of patching, and maybe I'll buy it then."
76561198038937834,Recommended,298900,28443733,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[MAD6]Ironplated,"Quick Review (real review after)yes-If you like warhammer 40k, looking for a beautifull enviroment, ok with fps combat, if it doesnt work you can use steams return policyno-If your looking for a skyrim experince, the perfect Warhammer 40k game that has never been made,tabletop rules or are afraid of technical issues that cant be resolvedReal ReviewFirst of all not a full priced game at 33$ and 15% offSecond of all Butter smooth 60 fps on 2x gtx 580 sli on maximum graphics with the caveat of turning TEMPORAL ANTI ALIASING OFF and or overiding it with  other aliasing techniquesIm sure 50% or more of the users having technical issues pump the game to max graphics and dont understand that sometimes you may need to adjust a setting even on your 1000$ brand new super cards.Stop crying and try tweaking a few settings first, close all your background junk and maybe turn off overclocking.Deathwing has the most incredible level of detail and atmosphere i have ever seen in any game, possibly ever. While the textures themselves may not be hi-res every inch of the world is filled with something to look at, something interesting, beautifull, stunning, or grotesqly fascinating. Paired with great world atmosphere the guns  feel awesome and sound awesome. The flamethrower in deathwing feels like a firehose blasting out gasoline as the flamethrower is kicked around and the screenshakes. This game defenitaley delivers  atomsphere in a Warhammer 40k universe.On normal difficulty a skilled player can go through they campaign like a stompfest but when the game is turned up to higher difficulty especially in multiplayer (friendly fire can be turned on) things like hacking turrets, barricading doors (instead of smashing them) and proper team build and positioning matter greatly. Deathwing has a unique drive of pushing your team forward but also punishing players for mistakes and laziness.If your lucky and the game doesnt has issues or you take the time to work it out Deathwing is definatley a gem even if it is a small oneTo DevsPersonally I have grown very fond of Focus Home Interactive for creating games like this that are rich in content beautifull in design, art and usually against the grain of larger game industry to provide truly unique games. While addimitly there are shortcomings in many of your games every one seems to be worth it to deliver this experience."
76561198030768100,Recommended,298900,28444109,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kunta Kinte,"I love this game, it's one of the best shooters i have ever played! i grew up with Doom, Quake, Half-Life and Painkiller etc etc. This game is buggy still and you need a beefy♥♥♥♥♥computer to play it without lagg but i truelly beleave this game will get patched and they will fix this. The game is beatufill and i have never felt this excitment since i first saw Left 4 Dead in the late 2000s.Id say that this game is best compared to Alien vs Predator 1-2. if you loved the Isolation of Doom 3 but want more shooting then this is for you! you got baddass firearms, the game is violent AF and their is swarms of genestealers that try to kill you. i Reckomend coop if you get tired of the stupid ai bots in the singelplayer but overall this game is great and dont talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game becasue your rig is♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR THE EMPEROR!"
76561198037551426,Not Recommended,298900,28444535,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Skeeter17,"I really want to like this game but the bugs are unbearable. Multiplayer just doesn't work, like at all. The single player barely works. I've yet to figure out why/how they chose the save points. I feel bad for the artists. They put so much work into the deatils and it shows, everyone else on the dev team dropped the ball."
76561198041434174,Recommended,298900,28446748,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Средний размер пе,"I preordered this game expecting to be going pew pew pew zap zap whack whack whack fap fap. Well when I loaded it up I was like oh yes everything at max and awesomeness but then I got out of tut. That is when things went downhill rapidly. I had to go to windowed mode, a majority of the advanced stuff set to low and medium. All and all I was probably playing around 10-15 fps with everything looking like colored paper mache. Had to play at the easiest difficulty too. After chapter two I got used to it and I beat the campaign today. I enjoyed the game even with the troubles it has at the moment. Unless you have patience I would wait to buy this game. Hopefully it is going to get fixed.My system:  FX 6350 6 core cpu, 12 gigs of DDR 3 ram, GTX 1060. It's about a 3 year old budget system I built with the 1060 being the only new upgrade. If you have a i5 or up with a decent gpu and some magic and better luck than me, you might not have this problem.If you have time and wouldn't mind playing with gritted teeth, go ahead and get the game."
76561198001831468,Not Recommended,298900,28445407,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dark Side of your Pants,"This game, for sure, makes a lot of fun when it is running. But especially in Ko-Op it isn´t.Since 3 dayes just Network Errors during a game.When RELIC gets to fix this main issue, it´s deffenetly a good game. But right now, it´s no worth to buy it.The development studio need to do there job first."
76561198314633580,Not Recommended,298900,28443419,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bemojuajr,"Horribly buggy mess. I have a GTX 1070 and this steaming pile of death will drop below 30fps at certain points. Not optimized in the least. I can run DOOM on all ultra settings constant 60fps or above, I can run The Witcher 3 on all very high settings constant 60fps or above. Oh but Space Hulk: Death Wing no no no good sir you shall play at 60fps when nothing is happening and then drop as low as 15fps once any really juicy fighting starts. Unacceptable. For a game that was pushed back and beta cut in half the publisher or dev team (Im not sure) screwed over a very loyal fanbase to the warhammer franchise. I was hoping they would get this genre shift right but apparently not.I havent' even gotten to the worst part. Multiplayer is still UNPLAYABLE. It was unplayable in the beta and is pretty much exactly in the same spot as before. It's as if the dev's didn't change a thing. Multiplayer requires the leader to have the most godly connection inorder for the squad to play. Otherwise you get dropped like a hot potatoe.As well as lack of customization for characters. I don't mind a little deviation from the Warhammer story line of the DeathWing being an elite squad and all. GIVE ME SOME GODDAMN CUSTOMIZATION, UPGRADEBILITY, SKILL TREE, ANYTHING....I'll give the game credit for creating an amazing atmosphere but it's not a completed game and therefore I cannot recommend anyone pay full price for it. If you're really dying to get it wait for a steam sale or something or atleast wait to see if they even bother to fix the game at all.Update your game. Optimize your game. Add free DLC to your game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28444274,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BigJimSlade,In the grim darkness of the far future there is only network errors.
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,298900,34879183,Posted: 11 September,all,Aisar,"The one thing that impressed me during the first mission was the level design. There's some cool looking stuff in there. Unfortunately everything else didn't quite do it for me and I'm not willing to go past the two hour refund policy to see if it gets better or if the level design stays interesting. I expected the combat to feel better than it does, to make me feel some emotion or adrenaline. I think if I wasn't such a heavy gamer and hadn't played as many games as I have this would have done more for me. I bought the game because it was on sale and I am dying for Destiny 2 and need something to fill the month and 14 days, so gave it a shot. I don't think it will last me for long enough to be worth the $20. I actually feel bad saying that lol but it is what it is.If you're a huge fan of WH40K this might be for you but if you're just looking for a satisfying and overall good game, this isn't it in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,298900,34847555,Posted: 9 September,all,Dr. Faggot,"Still buggy, still not finished. Had some crashes that were very frustrating. Visually, great game, combat is satifying, but then you're fighting your 900th genestealer and it gets a bit old. Game play is very hollow and repetative. A good purchase for 10$, but the list of $40 is insane."
,Recommended,298900,28366644,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,x Princess Leliana x,"Time for a proper review eh? Just completed the single player campaign and am ready to jump back in, I won't be talking about multiplayer as I'm a loner and have no one to play with. TL/DR at bottom.First off, getting every relic and exploring the entirety of every mission, (of which there are 9) I got a total mission playtime of 6.5 hours, (bump that up to 8 when you include redoing sections for dying/crashes) For a £30 game, 6.5 hours is rather pathetic if I'm completely honest, but I forgive the devs seeing as how difficult and time consuming it is to hand construct one of the ships needed for a mission.The story is short, but good | (atleast in my opinion), not enough to overwhelm you and obscure the goal of slaughtering everything, but enough to give you a sense of purpose, it's nice and lore-friendly to boot, which is always a plus. The ending however, is completely laughable. [spoileri] it's just a custscene of the ship blowing up, then back to the main menu, not even a ""well done we did it"" [/spoileri] considering you got Gav Thorpe to co-write this is unexcusable in my opinion.The gameplay itself is ridiculously fun, and despite being the same thing over and over, it doesn't seem to get old. (at least in the 10 hours of release, 10 hours of closed beta, and 15 hours of open beta i played.) All you do is run around tight corridoors and grandiose rooms blasting and slashing eveverything in site, and it is glorious. No warhammer game I've played captures the grimdark slaughterfest of the universe quite like this one.  Plus it's always fun to lop off half of a genestealers head then scream like a girl when it gets back up to take another slash at you.Difficulties are properly balanced too. Want an incredibly fun slaughterfest? Easy or normal, want to die? Pick one of the harder ones. The lower ones are good for fun with your mates, not having to care too much aside from staying close enough to heal eachother. However its the higher ones that turn this game into an oppressively difficult highly tactical game, where stepping even one foot out of place will get you and your entire squad killed, make sure to bring your dedicated nerd friends for these ones.There are more than enough types of enemies for a game of this type, from meatshields to boss class enemies (which SERIOUSLY require some careful tactics to avoid dying to, and you will die to them) all of which feel unique and deadly desite basically having the same model.There is a limited weapon supply, but each of them is unique enough that it doesn't matter, each has its own satisfying way of killing xeno scum, be it exploding them in plasma fire, crushing them under a hammer, or filling them with explosive bolts, my poison of choice was the mace of absolution. There is more than enough to prevent you getting bored or anything getting old.The librarian has a bunch of powers but I didn't dive too much into these, i unlocked the first one to clear corridoors but aside from that I was too busy clobbering genestealers with a blowy blue ball on a stick to worry about my psykic powers, still, there is enough there i you pursue it to have a lot of fun, despite only getting three slots to put them in.The environments are truly this games greatest asset. Each ship, each corridor, each bolt on te wall is handcrafted and placed by the devs, and the effect is mesmerising, I've died a fair few times because I stopped to look at the beautiful scenery in the middle of a fight. The corridoors are dark, claustrophobic, bleak, and fill you with a sense of dread and urgency, whereas the grand chapels and open areas are awe inspiring, and, unfortunately, very open, causing you to routinely get surrounded. Each ship feels unique, (my favourite being the black templar ship with all the guns on the walls) and I'd often find myself refusing to do objectives just so i could go explore them.Unfortunately, the game is not all perfect, the performance is, to be blunt, completely unnaceptable, despite a two week delay, it runs worse than it did in the beta. I exceed the minimum specs (i've got a 980, an i7, 16gbs of ram, etc) and I can't run the game on anything higher than low settings if I want to play, on high the game runs at 60 in some areas, but 50% of the time is jumping between 50 and 20. Even on low, im sitting at an average of 40fps, with continual jumps both up and down, no crashes though, so at least they fixed that. The game has completely frozen on several occassions, and due to the poor placement of saves, I've had to redo the same ""defend this area"" objective 5 times (WHY IS THERE NO SAVE AFTER YOU'VE DONE IT?!) But the game is fun enough for me to power through the abyssmal fps, and to grit my teeth and deal with the freezes.On top of that there are really bizare things that you'd thought would be fixed in a four year development cycle, such as the filler dialogue of the ai never being right, 50 genestealers on you? fine, one of them? ""WE ARE BEING OVERWHELMED"", enemy using missiles? Fine, plasma turret? ""THEY ARE USING KRAK MISSILES"", the other bizarre thing is that relics are COMPLETELY POINTLESS, they get you a few extra psygate uses but that doesnt matter. There is a fancy screen where you can see your collection, but they don't do anything, none of them even have a description, just a name you can hover over (which made me think there'd be SOME text there), they don't unlock anything either, I only got them for the achievment.Conclusion / TL/DRPros:Beautiful, breathtaking environments,Dark, oppressive atmosphere,Ridiculously fun and satisfying weapons,Variety of enemies,""Bosses"",Perfect difficulty balance,Neutral:Story, it's nice, but I expected more from Gav.Cons:Performance is terrible,Too short campaign,Relics are pointless,Poor placement of saves,Apparent poor multiplayer performance (so I've heard)As someone that has been waiting for this game for four years I can say I am slightly dissapointed, I was really looking forward to the story and campaign only to find it rather lackluster, however, despite that, it is incredibly fun and I don't much care, the story was just a nice addon that I can live without. If you have a couple competent mates then it'll be even more fun, I don't know if I can recommend it at £30, but regardless, I rate it a 7.5/10, if you like mindless slaughter, being killed a lot, or gothic/grimdark games, then you will have a lot of fun with this one."
,Not Recommended,298900,28368649,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ZirconX,"Here is why I refunded. As a long lasting 40K fan and having played lots of 40K titles, it pained me to see the state of this game. In BETA I critiqued (like many others) some aspects severely. They had a chance to fix those issues, they didn't. They would have needed another 6 months of dev time. And sadly in 6 months the game will be dead. None of the issues that arose in BETA were fixed.-The game still takes ages of load screens and waiting around before you actually get to play.-If you fail and you wish to retry you get to wait around the load screens again, no instant restart.-We have yet to have any form of voice chat in the game client, in a coop shooter in 2016 this is unnacceptable.-In the span of 45 minutes I have had 4 Fatal Crashes, 2 on loading screens and 2 during gameplay. Coupled with the long load screens all I can say is wow, just let me play!-Some voiced concerns that the weapon variety in BETA was low...lots thought nah this is just BETA restrictions. Nope. What we got in BETA really was it! Again, less than 10 weapons?-Additionally you can't play with the weapon you like due to lacl of persistent unlocks. You have to do it all over again every session.-On a rig that exceeds by far the recommended specs I had severe FPS issues.-Terrible stutters, frame drops, rubberbanding you name it.Due to the horrendous technical aspect, the dubious gameplay mechanic decisions and lack of general quality of the product I simply can't recommend it nor can I have good concience supporting it. There have been good warhammer titles, there have been bad ones. This is sadly one of the bad ones due to lack of dev time and or incompetence.Sad to see that some cannot recognise those simple facts and be critique of a piece of software. We're not ""butthurt"" or ""not true fans"". We're just dissapointed gamers that expected quality and fun out of a product we paid for. We got neither. We refunded. Let's hope the next one is better... Regards, Zircon, a very dissapointed gamer."
76561197967067022,Recommended,298900,28517096,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,[VI] Gunarwulf,Best immersion I have ever had in a 40k game.They got it right the maps the weapons the Terminators. Just how one would imagine it. If you are a 40k fan it is a must have if you are a shooter fan you will love this title. Must Buy !!!
,Not Recommended,298900,28390268,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[TW] Scourge,Ended up spending 91 minutes trying to fix a random issue where a specific map segment would cause my fps to drop to 0.01.Gave up in order to still be able to get a refund.Multiplayer looked like it would not have much replayability...YOU DISSAPOINTED ME!
,Not Recommended,298900,28512913,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Forefox,"The visuals, scope, and aesthetic feel are magnificent. You truely feel as though you are in an ancient space hulk from the Warhammer 40k universe. Each level takes place in smaller ships that are part of the space hulk, and they all have an ambience that fits seeminglessly with the origins of the ships.Unfortunately, the ships are infested with not only tyranids, but a pleathora of bugs as well. Frame rate drops will occur frequently and unexpectantly. Interupted interactions with doors will result in a glitch where weapons won't fire, abilities won't cast, and sprinting becoming non-functional. Fortunately any interaction with a door will fix this glitch. In multiplayer, the host of the game will crash, thus ending the game, if the hosting player access their inventory after their 3rd level up. These are the most prominant bugs I've encountered that ruins playability.For those who are into Warhammer 40k lore, there will be notable issues with certain gameplay elements. Notably how heavy stubbers are capable of not only penetrating tatical dreadnaught armor, but doing such significant damage that genestealer hybrids wiedling them become a bigger threat than the pure genestealers.The Assault Cannon recoils and spreads so much that it becomes useless against anything ranges beyond 10 meters which is a far cry from the incredible ranges at reasonable accuracy Warhammer 40k lore depicts.The Storm Bolters sound, feel, and are very lacking considering they are effectively rapid firing grenade launchers, often taking multiple direct impacts on the humanoid genestealer hybrids to take them down.Cooperative, multiplayer mode lacks many of the content that the single player campaign have, and have even more issues with bugs. Joining players may not be able to see the objectives, having to relly on memory of the level or the host who will always be able to see the objectives to guide them. The lack of dedicated servers means latency is even more of an issue at those few times when trying to nail targets at any given range.The gameplay nearly always devolve into some sort of melee as genestealers shrug off rounds after rounds until at point blank ranges where all of your rounds will not miss. This is especially true in higher difficulties when genestealers are faster, plentiful, and can take even more punishment. Tactical placements only buys times before the inadvitible melee occurs. Also, you will find, especially in multiplayer, just how the biggest obsticles your own teamates are when it comes to seeing what's going on and shooting at the enemy.Replayability becomes a big issue as the map are not dynamic and the AI becomes very predictable. The cooridors you realized are blocked but not shown in the map the first time, will always be block every other time. The AI will pretty much always elect to immediately rush you unless they are the humanoid hybrids, which then will either try to really badly kite you away at range or simply straight up melee you which would be tantamount to them suiciding against a Terminator.Overall, I recommend only getting this game at a later date when the bugs are fixed and when this game is on sale or priced at around 10-15 USD."
,Not Recommended,298900,30973896,Posted: 5 April,all,DOOM DEER,"Want a good spacehulk inspired game for less money? Buy space beast terror flight... the graphics are PS1 quality... but the gameplay and coop work a hell of a lot better than this official Warhammer game which has fps issues, massive bugs, and repetitive gameplay."
,Recommended,298900,31065565,Posted: 10 April,all,priimate,"(Hi! If you don't like reading more than a line or two per review then skip to the end, or even the next review - I do tend to go on!)Let me start by saying I've had a real love/hate relationship with Games Workshop games for about 30 years.  I played their tabletop systems for nearly ten years and I absolutely love the lore of the 40K universe, especially when they originally released Necromunda and (the short-lived) Inquisitor tabletop games.I dropped the tabletop stuff cold-turkey when they dumbed everything down and switched most of their miniatures to plastic, but continued to play most of their videogames as they were released over the last couple of decades, trying to find an eery, gothic-style, sci-fi action/horror experience like I used to have playing the tabletop stuff.  I've always found their videogames to be a really mixed bag when it comes to quality, with only a few previous titles standing out as generally decent or polished - Shadow of the Horned Rat, the Dawn of War games and Space Marine fit into this category for me.Space Hulk: Deathwing has probably come closest to filling that void in some ways, but misses the mark entirely in others.These are my thoughts as a single player after completing the campaign.I'll start with some of the good stuff.The atmospheric, claustrophobic nature of the environments really rings true to feel of the 40K lore, with some amazing attention to environmental detail, lighting and FX.The Terminator character models look great too, with plenty of structural and textured details on the models.  The look of this game really does the games source material justice.When it comes to basic FPS gameplay mechanics, I found them to be reasonable; firing weapons doesn't feel quite as satisfying or tactile as in something like Destiny/Halo/Borderlands or Battlefield for example, but it's definitely a better feel than, say, something more fiddly like ARMA in FPS view.  Having said that, the Plasma Cannons feel awesome!Now for some of the mixed/bad stuff.Chapter 7 still has a major bug that may require you to restart the entire level from scratch (basically the mission completed trigger doesn't execute, leaving you trapped in the level and unable to continue).  By all accounts the Devs are working currently on this.Difficulty is a bit spikey here and there, and very much luck-based sometimes.  I'd get completely destroyed at some points (several times over) only to reload again and get through the same fight completely unscathed, with the same tactics and gear as the previous attempts... I must have tired them out.Just like the difficulty, frame rate is also a bit spikey.  I'm running an i7 and dual GTX 780's on the games default grfx settings.  It's nothing major for me, but I know that can be a big concern for gamers who like a smooth ride or who have more budget-concious rig that may struggle a bit on anything with grfx settings set high.This is, yet again, another 40K-based game that seems to have the same voice acting cut and pasted from every other 40K game.  Space Marines (and every other character in GW video games) sound like someone with a high voice trying to speak in a deep voice... It makes every character sound the same (and not in a good way).Many of the audio clips, especially the mission briefings, don't play when they are supposed to.  Generally this isn't so bad as you can read the briefing text instead... except when that doesn't load either... (text thing only happened once but still...)There are collectables hidden throughout each level, which form an ancient suit of Space Marine Librarian power armour viewable via the map screen, but these do absolutely nothing for your character (stat wise or visually).. but you will also unlock a new suit of armour as you play that 'will' change your appearance... this ""sort of"" duplicated feature was either an unfinished feature or a poorly designed one.Weapon combinations are limited, especially for your apothecary (whose loadout I didn't change so I could retain the ability to heal).  To be honest I put this down to GW's rigid dumbing down of their tabletop systems and this games pretty close following of that source material, more than being a poor design by this games devs.  No proper character development here.  Also the mighty autocannon completely sucks for hitting anything beyond arm's reach; I know there needs to be a way to differentiate between the Storm Bolter and the Autocannon, but giving the latter zero ability to hit anything at range is probably not a good way to go!Finally, the narrative is pretty basic/shallow.  This kind of gets overlooked because the game (like the board game source material) is a slow burn.  It's not meant to be speed-run.  It's supposed to be slow and methodical and tactical, just like the Terminators you control.  You'll kind of forget there's any story at all once you start stalking through the space hulk's corridors with one eye on your motion-tracking Auspex. Those of you who love the faster pace of stuff like COD's multiplayer will probably hate this game... however if you do fall into that demographic you've probably not read down this far to receive this warning... oh well! ;DThe next bit may be considered spoilers by some as it concerns the games end story, so be warned...The big problem with this games end narrative is that there isn't one... it just ends... no fake, deep-voiced communication from your Space Marine boss shouting ""For the Emperor!"" or even a weedy voice saying ""Yay! We did it!""... Not even a end credit roll.You get sent straight back to the main menu so quickly it feels like you've been punched in the face by the quit button.For a game universe with such a rich fountain of lore to draw inspiration from (a galaxy full of stories developed over almost 40 years), GW video games often never seem to be very well written... such a shame... probably low budgets and short turn arounds, relatively speaking.Final verdict:  If you love/like Games Workshop's 40K universe and, in particular Space Marines, then you'll probably like this game in all its atmospherically butt-clenching glory.If you like sci-fi FPS shooters then you might like this game to pass the time until the next AAA shooter is released.If you only like fast-paced, very polished/bug free or deep character-customisation type games then I'd skip this one.If you made it this far, thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,298900,30958225,Posted: 5 April,all,Androctonus,"Needs a multiplayer where players can Host private/public servers, this p2p♥♥♥♥♥♥ruins the game by 90%"
76561198029841329,Not Recommended,298900,32937018,Posted: 28 June,all,Nathaniel Flint,"Its one of those games...Where you need just a little bit more than Steams 2-hours-refund-mark to realize it just cant keep you entertained.Just five hours but i´ve already seen everything thats there to see.The facts:-Im not trough with the campaign yet and i dont think i ever will. Nothing animates me to keep going. Campaign is just multiplayer with (stupid) bots anyway. 8-10 hours max. according to community.-There are fragments of a story, still, ive heard the ending is Mass-Effect 3 level unsatisfying.- Gameplay feels dull and drawn. If it wouldnt take sooo loooong to get from A to B and kill some stupid AI hordes here and there, i think i wouldnt have gotten any hours on the clock.-There are Relics to collect. Why would you, unless youre are hardcore fan/collector type? I Dunno.-Following a, from what i heard, absolutely HORRENDEOUS launch, the community looks like it has faced an Exterminatus.Go look it up on Steam Charts: Space Hulk Deathwing. The biggest and most crucial flaws are gone by now, even doe some people even with good rigs still report serious problems, but the players once lost, well, they wont come back.-As a result of this, Multiplayer, the only real reason to play this game, is near total death. From what ive seen, in Europe its gone. In the evening times (playtime in the US) there are maybe 10 servers, eight of them password-protected.-Multiple times ive seen subtitles not matching words spoken.-Sometimes character speaches just give out completely.-Besides being half-*ssed, the character progression system is buggy. Some games i join i have the same level on the same char, sometimes i start fresh from level 1.-No character customisation, neither for weapons nor armor. Means no way of personalising your terminator. WH40k would give SO much possibilities here, with loot after missions, armor parts and weapons with certain bonuses but there is nothing.-No (at least i didnt see any) stats on kills (number/enemy type) are being kept. Not even there something for longtime motivation.-The Server-Browser UI is very basic. Some fresh maps dont even have ""real"" names yet, they still carry their dev-names. No control to see who youre joining or where he is. Hello Lag!-No music whatsoever. Somehow understandable but it kinda presses down the otherwise excellent atmosphere created by good graphics and light.!!!EDIT!!! Skulls for the Skull Throne Update-Game got a new class, the Chaplain. Looks cool, has some neat abilitys.-Theres a new Stormbolter MK2. Its ok.-UI got improved. Looks a little better and smoother now.-Commandwheel ingame got totally f*cked up. Reviewers already said before its design is old and outdated but at least i could use it, now its so sensitive a single move on the mouse sends its flying all over the place.-Singleplayer campaign got weird changes. Before update it SP-C Squad was the main protagonist (You/Psyker), a medic and a heavy weapons dude.You would be nailed down to the psyker class, because main protagonist but you could use ALL the weapons of all classes, again, because main protagonist. Seemed legit.Now you can choose each class like in MP but are restricted to that class weapons. No psyker with Vengance anymore. That sucks.-Bot AI got broken. Before update while dumb, it was trigger-happy. Bots saw an enemy and started firing like no tomorrow. Now bots wait until they get hit before reacting. Great thing in a game where long-ranged technology soldiers face meele-specialized monsters.-Still no character customization, level-progression, skill-tree, armor-equipment or anything that would give YOUR space-marines at least a tiny bit of soul and life.-Still no tracking kills with special guns or anything like that. No reason to keep playing here either.ConclusionThere were people who hoped this would turn out to be the 40k-Version of Vermintide.Well, Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.If youre lucky you´l find a halfway decent team and play for an hour. No rival to Vermintide however.Devs are working constantly on updates, but honestly, i dont think this game will be saved.NOT worth the 23,99€ i paid and CERTAINLY NOT WORTH 39,99€!!!"
76561197987664334,Recommended,298900,28395955,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Eddie Krueger,"(Gameplay)Some update. I'm in chapter 5 (basically the 5th map) and I'm still thinking this was worth the money - yup, speaking about the full price, well, -15% for pre-ordering - since it's still considered a solid tactical shooter by me.I have encountered two crashes in these 10 hours, which is not welcome, especially since you can't save when you want, and replaying the last 15-20 minutes in cases can be frustrating. Well, actually, you _can_ save anytime by activating your 4th power, the Psy Gate, but you can use it only a limited number of times per map (default is 3), and if one of your brothers falls in battle, that is the only way to resurrect him. Anyway, quite interestingly those crashes were not as annoying as you might think, and actually proved that _there is_ some kind of randomness in the spawning of enemies, but still don't expect L4D level of variety.The AI of your brothers have problems, but not as outrageous as in Vermintide sometimes... They obey your commands, they fire/swing their weapons at enemies, what else would you wish for? Well, maybe that they could be a little less prone to dying against the stalker type of xenos introduced in the 3rd chapter, but actually equipping your heavy brother with lightning claws (and I suppose the hammer when he is able to use it) can prove surprisingly effective.I must mention that the variety of usable weapons is satisfying, and their effect on incoming enemies are also eye candy. The *tewp-THUD* of the plasma cannon, the burning enemies left by flamethrower, the bloodshower produced by the lightning claws.... Well, so far I have not used a weapon that would made me go ""meh"". The thunder hammer may be a bit underwhelming, but I'm actually used to the 2-handed version in Space Marine, so there's that; it still kills the bigger uglies satisfyingly quick, too.TLDR: solid game, worth the price, but there really are crashes (not too much, though), and from a certain point, in my opinion, you are basically forced to equip your heavy brother with melee weapons."
,Not Recommended,298900,32669718,Posted: 23 June,all,Loki The Damned,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, THE NEWEST UPDATE BROKE THE FIRST MISSION AND THE GAME IS UNPLAYABLE! Game won't even load the first mission correctly. I have 51 minutes in the same spot in this game. So I load in look around see a cutscene, screen goes dark emergency lights turn on. Get a mission breifing. AT THIS POINT EVERYTHING STOPS WORKING PROPERLY. What is supposed to happen from the gameplay videos I have seen is the latches that hold my battle brothers and I in place are supposed to retract into the ceiling and the cervo skulls are supposed to fly forward and open up the breaching drill head of the ship. WELP THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥NEVER ♥♥♥♥ING HAPPENS. ♥♥♥♥ this game, I've tried for 51 minutes to get it to work properly, I can hit E on my keyboard and hear a beep, I hit T and my flashlight turns on and off. That is all I can do in this game. 0/10 Space Marines. 10/10 Makes me want to kill the developer for Khorne."
76561198286743676,Not Recommended,298900,31252656,Posted: 20 April,all,Fighter,"This game has the potential to be good. Visually and thematically it is stunning and so perfectly Warhammer 40k. Unfortunately the devs forgot to add gameplay beyond the first level, and even worse, they released the game buggy and unplayable for a lot of people at launch, thus ruining the first impression of the game to most people. It really is unfortunate. If you play the first level of this game, you've played the entire game. It does get harder, but only in the sense that the enemies start having more hp and numbers, and even that dries up when you realize how overpowered and trivial the lightning claws or the mace make everything. You can close and seal off doors, but there really isn't any point to it as the tyranids just magically spawn forever in the vent shafts. The devs also added a bunch of collectible relics around the map. What they forgot to mention is that these relics do literally nothing. They couldn't even be arsed to write in any lore about them. You collect a relic and that's it. There it is. It does nothing except add time to your playthrough. I'd imagine that if you don't bother trouncing across the empty maps to collect the damn things you'll complete the game in roughly 6 hours or less.Killing tyranids is fun, for a little while. But the novelty of shooting or hitting the same reskinned genestealers wears thin very quickly especially when that's all you do."
,Not Recommended,298900,30536071,Posted: 15 March,all,Naphtalene,the staggering lack of optimizations already ruins the game for me.
76561198303970064,Recommended,298900,28382477,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,oreodeth,I dont know what these guys are playing but i have no complaints at all its so damn fun usally i play my games on hard the after i bear it the higest but man this game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥i had to play medium and i love it! i honestly hope there is gunna be a competetive gameplay either how long you can survie on your own or something so far this is just amazing well worth the wait and im playing this game on high not a bit a lag. Once again i have no clue why people are compaling i mean 9 out of 10 times its not the game its there hardware and connection but sadly people dont know how to review the game and not how a amazing game runs on there dumpy set no crashes no lag no hiccups nothing but fun chaos very fun and very worth the wait.
76561198038104004,Recommended,298900,32330496,Posted: 10 June,all,Paranoidax,Fantastic game that deserves some lovin! Started a bit rocky but the Devs are really turning it into an awesome visceral experience.
,Not Recommended,298900,28387215,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Naddox,"I currently do not recommend this game because it has some poor optimization. My PC surpasses the recommended settings and I still get major FPS drops and even crash to desktop during gameplay while running on minium graphic settings. I have experienced those both while playing solo campaign and multiplayer.If you can overlook those 2 things, the game is fun so far and has a rich story from what I can tell, so it will be worth a purchase once the game receieves some patches and then I will recommend the game."
76561198392111455,Recommended,298900,33811112,Posted: 26 July,all,Danrmart,"This game and Space Marine are the ULTIMATE Warhammer 40K games to date. I cant tell you how Badass this game is you have to play for yourselves, However its the only 40K FPS ive ever seen and its SICK. I LOVE IT."
,Recommended,298900,34248946,Posted: 14 August,all,TheKillerFish,"If you like shooting alot of bullets, killing alot of stuff and being in a suit of awesome armor well you found the right game. It might have had a rough start but 90% of the issues got fixed and the ones that are still there are so minor that it doesn't really matter. But i will say you wana find some friends to play this the AI is good a shooting stuff thats it."
76561198062404538,Recommended,298900,34311389,Posted: 17 August,all,Inkswitch,"In terms of pure visual design and gameplay, one of the best 40k games I've ever played. Sadly falls short on the story side. Still worth the purchase, just maybe wait until you can get it on salePros- looks absolutely beautiful. Everything is incredibly detailed from the awe-inspiring environments to the intricate design of the armour and weapons- Combat is pretty solid. Guns pack a satisfying kick and melee is feels satisfyingly hard-hitting- The whole ""against all odds"" theme is really strong. You really feel like it's just you and your squad against an entire alien hordeCons- story is pretty meh- enemy AI is pretty simple. Usually boils down to ""throw ourselves at them all at once"". The biggest challenge is the sheer numbers rather than they're tactics- The ending will probably♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Totally unsatisfying"
,Not Recommended,298900,34426072,Posted: 22 August,all,Geischfelt96,"Feels bad, clunky controls, not a lot to keep you playing."
76561198069066304,Recommended,298900,35231231,Posted: 26 September,all,jakedraugelis,"Fun shoot 'em up. Left 4 Dead set in the Warhammer universe. If you like both of those things, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,298900,28447468,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SkillHunter,The SP is good but the MP is broken. I still recommend this game because it is awesome and I am sure the devs are doing their best to fix the MP. It took me about 7h to finish the Game ( on normal difficulty and not searching for relics) if you crank the difficulty up and search for all the relics I bet you could get atleast 12-16h out of this game (SP)I'll talk about the MP when my friends an I have some time to play together.7/10 Needs more Jeans
76561198071587148,Recommended,298900,29693468,Posted: 4 February,all,Kharne,This game is beautiful if you have a GTX 1080. :')
76561198004388443,Recommended,298900,28383317,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,rikster,"This is a great game, and graphically it is a great looking game!"
76561197972507226,Recommended,298900,28365936,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,-Ghost-,"I've been enjoying myself so far. It feels like a very faithful Space Hulk homage. One thing I'd like to emphasize for everyone is that this is intended to primary be a singleplayer game. MP was added on as a basic side thing to let us coop through the campaign, so I'm primarily reviewing this as a singleplayer experience.Pros:- Great aesthetic and ambience.- Decent voice acting- Fairly bug free so far in the campaign.- Great, expansive maps to explore for relics and lore.Cons:- Optimization takes a bit of a hit when a huge horde attacks, I've dropped from 60FPS to 30-40. Definitely still playable, but needs to be worked on.- Weapons can be a little unsatisfying in terms of feel and sound design.I think another thing to keep in mind as well is that it's about $30 right now, which is a decent price point for what it is. I wouldn't pay $60 for it, but for what I paid I'm enjoying it."
76561198009107590,Recommended,298900,28380652,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,HENRXD,"<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<UPDATED REVIEW>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>So as of this moment most of if not all of my gripes has been fixed! which is fantastic FPS issues solved Tryranids behaviour tweaked weapons added back in! ingame voip! (bugged atm but fix soon) and other fixesThe game is now how it should have been at launch as for those moaning the games dead... it's simply not! case and point being that the buggy voip i mentioned wont allow you to mute or block your own voice in game which is a huge turn off so active players like myself are waiting for this little bug to pass and then servers will return, i would happily once again recomend this game!May you purge well.<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<OLD REVIEW BELOW. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Holla Terra this section is toxic...PROS:40kDark AngelsSingle playerWeapon varietySPACE HULKAnd TryanidsThe feel of the termi armour and the setting but also how you fit into it all doesnt feel out of placeCONS:Lack of replayabilityLack of variety for weapons in MultiplayerLack of a road map (upcoming features or what the patches have been doing)Lack of optimization (Single player not a single issue! however in Multiplayer i had 5 major freezes mid game in one room! nigh unplayable at times)These are all just to name a few things my major gripe however is simply put the lack of variety in weaponry and the lack of variation in the Tyranids... you have an enemy which can think up of almost ANY combat form instead we've got 5 or so reskined forms repeated no fun ones thrown in there and then theres the placement of these AI in singleplayer it's done very well the pacing and the gameplay in Multiplayer thats all striped it's just one long shooting galary at one point for a solid 5mins i spent shooting constantly down a hall at an endless horde we eventually got board and left then the horde stopped.I have however seen some very nice changes to the AI being more responsive to my gunfire and how they flank and move as a pack (sometimes) much better than in the BETA.Overall i'm still very content with this game and i would encourage any lovers of 40K and the Dark angels and their lore to check it out! thus far i'm very impressed with both the setting and the overall feel of the enviroment is all round solid! perhaps if your on the fense with this maybe wait until the first patch or so and see how it fitsCurrently i would certainly recomend this too any of my freinds and i would ask anyone to aproach this product with an open mind it certainly has improvements to be made for exampleLackluster Marine AI.Poor performance depending on how unlucky you are i myself havent had much but others (among some trolls) have had some serious issues so bare that in mind.and a roadmap as it sits i have no idea on upcoming content as this game NEEDS it once i play this game on MAX difficulty with freinds i will no doubt find it too be the new year and at that point i hope to have heard of upcoming content.Also perhaps an update to my current review."
76561198050627007,Not Recommended,298900,28388924,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dragonstrike82,"This game needs a serious lot of work. It lacks a lot of features that existing Warhammer 40K games have currently available on Steam. Weapons are very limited and multiplayer is very disappointing.Pros:- You get to stomp around a spacewreck as a Terminator of the Dark Angels.- Nice detail on terrain and models.Cons:- Very very little weapon choices (This is especially true in Multiplay. You only have a frickin Storm Bolter which does crap)- No Marine customization at all. So no way to put a personal touch to your Terminator.- Only Nids to shoot. And seriously, why's the BROODLORD even in Chapter 1... *Facepalm*- Levels earned DON'T carry over in Multiplay. So if u managed to get to Level 5 in Chapter 1, your levels are reset in Chapter 2. So back to square 1.- Long loading times.- If the screen is swarmed with Nids, you'll see a framerate drop.In comparison, Warhammer 40K: Eternal Crusade or the Warhammer 40K SpaceHulk mod for LFD2 would probably be better than this."
76561198046108576,Recommended,298900,32413473,Posted: 14 June,all,TheShyGuy489,Needs more time to cook. This game is fun and creepy but it still runs like crap. Wait for a little while so the devs can fix it up.
,Recommended,298900,28366537,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gorgon Freeman,"Running great on my 2 year old laptop with these specs:GTX 870M 6GB GDDR524GB DDR3i7-4910MQLooks great so far. Nice and gruesome, dark and bloody.Only complaint at this point is the animation quality in the cut scenes. It looks like something from the Diablo II era.Will update the review as I play on."
76561198005107813,Recommended,298900,29244726,Posted: 14 January,all,Muninn,"This is a catious recommendation. As many other have said, the game suffers from performance issues. I don't find this to be a huge problem though, sure you get some fram dips but due to the fairly slow pace of the game (compared to other recent FPS games) the frame drops are more annoying than outright detrimental. I haven't died due to bad performance is what I'm saying.Despite this, the game NAILS the feel of Warhammer 40K. It looks amazing; the detail on everything from the details on the weapons to the murals on the walls positively screams 40K. It also sounds great. The weapons sound like you would expect and you are surrounded by the sound of groaning, tortured metal as the Space Hulk shifts. Combar is meaty, and while a little clunky it's still safisfying.It's probably more fun in co-op, but what isn't? The AI of your squad members tends to work quite well and I have been able to enjoy playing the game solo.If you like Warhammer 40K, then I think you should get this. If you don't know anything about 40K, then I'm not so sure. Perhaps the game mechanics will be enough for you, but the story, and the significance of certain plot elements, will be incomprehensible as the game's not very good at introducing the player."
,Recommended,298900,28403070,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ggdograa,"First things first, yes the game runs like crap. I have a GTX 1080, 16gb DDR4 ram and an i7 6700k and I frequently get around 20fps in heavy gunfights.Does that mean I will give the game a negative rating? No, it doesn't. There is still a fun game here where you've got a casual mix of L4D gameplay and team based shooting from games like Republic Commando and Rainbow Six Vegas, where you're taking on waves and waves of Genestealers in dimly lit futuristic environments.Use a bunch of cool weapons, or powerful psychic powers and customize the loadout of yourself and your allies as you finish all of the 9 chapters for the singleplayer campaign.Sadly, the multiplayer mode is full of bugs and prone to lots of connection and stability issues, but hopefully most of this will be fixed in the coming weeks at which point this will be a really solid title. And all those people giving flustered, heat of the moment negative reviews due to the current poor performance will look like a pack of jackasses.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pW-NfFAJ7SI"
76561198042938869,Not Recommended,298900,28368348,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,j2000nr,"This is one of those games that relies upon the IP heavily to make it loved by its players. 40k is an extremely well known, yet also personal universe to all those involved with it. Any fan of the SM would love to walk around in a suit of Termy armour and have many happy hours laying the righteous hand of the Emperor down upon all.But instead, we get a, disguised, on rails shooter that is, well, slow. The Storm bolter didn't 'feel' like much, the melee weapons, again were just that. I didn't get the feeling that I was holding a Force weapon. Which i think is part of the problem.Strip away the IP, take 40k out of it, and what are you left with? An unispired, slow, montonous shooter, or walking simulator if you want to be a bit harsher. I wonder, if it was not licensed that it would receive as much love from those who have positively rated it? But, of course this is just my subjective opinion.To me, like most recent GW license releases, it has promised much and delivered little.TL:DRSlow, walking simulator. Nothing 'feels' solid. Take 40k away and the game would be dead in a week.Play Titanfall 2 instead, smooth gameplay and you can drive a dreadnought (I pretended it was, lol)"
76561198006564875,Not Recommended,298900,28429071,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AvatarAndi,"This game is an absolute abomination in the light of the Emperor's shining dominion. As a die-hard fan of the Warhammer 40k universe I really looked forward to the opportunity to play as one of the Dark Angels, my favourite chapter. And even as a member of the Deathwing! And it got better: I was to be one of the chapter's librarians! The preview was really great and the graphics engine looked stylish. But then reality hit home:- This game has now physics engine to speak of. No demolishable environment, weird physical effect of corpses and no feedback, if you get attacked or hit.- The graphics effects would have looked bad 5 years ago. In fact Space Marine looks still better today.- The interface is in most aspects just too clunky to command the A.I. battle brothers.- Most fights are just a mess of clicking and hitting random buttons with no overview or tactics involved- Between the mess you get to walk around stupidly in a maze (which is decently ornamented in a Warhammer-like style) with no possibility to interact with the environment.- The story is decent but nothing too gripping.Summary:Hands off. This game is a rip off. Not even an alpha release should be that abyssmally unfinished. @ Games Workshop: Please keep a tighter control over the licensing system or the brand's name will suffer at some point."
76561197998863888,Recommended,298900,28365603,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Maillos,"No problems so far, no lags and controls are totally fine ... love to have a Space Hulk game"
76561198003765592,Recommended,298900,28380871,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grimbah,"This game is totally fine! Dudes are too critical! It looks great! Only $34!!! I have only played a bit and it FEELS right! It ain't DOOM and I don't want it to be. I died twice already too... but can load from a close point pretty quickly.I have played Space Hulk since PC DOS man!! Talk about a relic! This is cool! Have fun, relax, enjoy it like a fine wine! Lotta work put into it. Shouldn't be thumb down at all!Great voices, LOTS OF DETAIL! Lots of touches to it. Attention to detail... did I mention detail? Fun man... FUN!!!"
,Recommended,298900,28364920,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CaptainMerkin,"Great game so far, hugely wonderful visuals that just drip with authentic 40k atmosphere, excellent audio and music score which add to the tension massively.Squad AI seems to be pre-emptive instead of reactionary which is great, squad members offen act inteligently and will move away to let me pass on speculative paths, no bugs so far.As an old Space Hulk board game player from the 80's I approve of this game massively, cheap and excellent addition to any fans wh40k roster of games."
,Not Recommended,298900,34469074,Posted: 24 August,all,ShadoPrime,Great concept. Poorly done.
76561198041830189,Recommended,298900,28380902,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheLordZero47,Space Hulk: Deathwing is what it is.A Space Hulk game!Being a terminator in a big ship surrounded by tyranids that can cut through armour like it's paper can make you sh*t out your gene seed.It's so much fun.Keep in mind.In the Beta I had a few crashes myself but after reporting it to the Space Hulk Deathwing site forum it got noted.Now the game got released and it plays beautifull at 60fps max settings...The lowest fps I got is when the genestealers start to swarm and it max dropped to 45fps.Sure the game just launched and it got it's bugs and glitches but give it some time...Also most of the negative views are just people that are complaining and being frustrated without giving it a chance to be improved (which is understandable in a certain degree).That is why I can't stress enough to report every bug and glitch to the Space hulk Deathwing forum!Here is the link:http://forum.spacehulk-deathwing.com/viewforum.php?f=18The Devs need to have as much info to start fixing things.Also if you have some new idea's to put in the game just post them in this link:http://forum.spacehulk-deathwing.com/viewforum.php?f=19Maybe if enough people ask about it there can be a survival mode added later.Overal in my opinion the game is good and a lot of fun.But there is still room for improvements.I still may change my review about the game after a month or 2...But for now i'm recommending this game.
76561197994364260,Recommended,298900,28391027,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kruppstahl,"Because of the bad reviews written for this game, which I can not understand at all, I just have to call my point of view.There were no problems at the start of the game and even during the gameplay there were no problems. In fact, I also have minor problems with the fps, but the game is absolutely playable and I think that with the next patch the problem can be fixed.The story is gripping and tells a chapter about the Black Angels, I do not want to spoil here but every 40 K fan comes here at its expense.The graphics are good the sound is and the dark atmosphere is typical and well done for warhammer.Conclusion: buy and do not let the opinion of young shoppers who have expected more because the advertising always looks better than the product. This game is worth your money."
76561198020895205,Not Recommended,298900,30513887,Posted: 14 March,all,♘Stryder♘,Even a warped mind can see the odds stacked against this game...
,Not Recommended,298900,28465426,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,W1cKeD,Don't buy this game if you are for a good co-op multiplay game.
76561198328923970,Recommended,298900,28438010,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr. Garvan-dangles,"over all loads of fun yes it needs work but thats just the way things are now for pc gaming, nah all gaming! im sure in the next little bit a patch will come out solving alot of its down falls. if your a fan of 40k just wait till the next patch then get it, tottaly worth the money."
76561197977060014,Recommended,298900,28382389,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,137255137255,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!For Single Player and Multi!Yes there are bugs!  YES THEY CAN BE OVERLOOKED AND THE PRODUCT ENJOYED!!!!!!Worth the purchase, without a doubt.  Especially considering it will only get better as the devs work on it.Don't follow the trend of hit it and quit it reviewers.  You can't judge a game by it's cover, so to speak.If you like/love vermintide, if this game looks cool, YOU WILL LOVE IT!10/10 - will be conquering again and again.Thoughts? Comments?"
,Not Recommended,298900,28400874,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Canniballistic,"Crashes, bugs, bad friendly AI, bad command interface, bad map, limited weapons, no customization... but its fun."
,Recommended,298900,28400802,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Luxey,"Now, considering how the beta went (Yes, I was in the beta) I'd say there's been improvement...Overall, Deathwing has gotten A LOT better since the beta. Load times have gone down, there's less graphics stuttering, and  the stability is now about normal (Friend of mine can run it now and it doesn't crash).However, it's not perfect; Features that any other game has are missing. Things like customization of characters in multiplayer, the ability to save a game manually in single player, being able to sort the multiplayer server list by ping/name/tags/etc. These are all small things, but they're quality of life features that everyone EXPECTS games to have.Now, I've played a decent bit of the campaign, and it's great. Gav Thorpe did a wonderful job on writing it. It's immersive, fun, and I can't wait to finish it. Now, even without the exposition that singleplayer has, multiplayer is still fun to play through.With regards to gameplay (WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD) I will say the following:- Thank god that the AI in single player aren't completely dumb. They actively engage the enemies and can actually hit the broadside of a barn.- Weapon balance is decent. A few seem kinda odd with some of their features (Plasma cannon and its inability to over-charge, Assault cannon with the 1-2 second wind up before firing) and only one seems really OP (Heavy flamer just chews through most enemies)- Objective markers need to be more of a focus on the HUD. I've not had them in MP and I keep losing them in SP when in combat/exploring.- Enemy AI are very good, but they do have their issues. I've had enemies 'dance' around scenery because I keeps strafing left and right, and they do seem to pile up in very very tight areas, making it easy to kill them in one go.FINAL EVALUATION----------------------SpaceHulk Deathwing is a very fun game. The story is great, and the gameplay is super fun. I do wish there was some small elements that I could customize in multiplayer, but those don't really ruin the overall game. There are some quality of life features that are missing, but hopefully the devs add them later.I would recommend this game for 40k fans or for fans of L4D-style shooters."
,Not Recommended,298900,28520959,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Masterbaiting,ProsGraphicsAtmospheresConsPerformance issue: FPS gone up and down very often.Music: Plain boringVoice: TerribleMultiplayer: I could not get it to work!Not recommended.
76561198136798979,Recommended,298900,28459882,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cathy Mitchell,Good
,Not Recommended,298900,28458473,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Yomama bin Fartin',"Wanna voice your opinion on the game?Well, this is what the devs will answer:antonzerb  [developer] 21 minutes agorefund your friendSo whatever the ♥♥♥♥ that means.But yeah, cash grab. glad I refunded this♥♥♥♥♥♥https://clips.twitch.tv/focushomeinteractive/DeadWombatPMSTwin''small issues'' riiiight"
76561197980000105,Not Recommended,298900,28380301,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sirion,"Frequently hangs, leading to force quit."
76561198150170914,Recommended,298900,29290239,Posted: 15 January,all,popcorn123,"I don't know what these peoples problems are about the game not being ""optimized"" or having low framerates. These reviews almost made me want to pass on this game, but i got it and it was great. It seemed fast, I didn't experience fps drops and it hasn't crashed once. The game is great and I seeno problem with the story or the autosaves. I reccomend this game, even if you have not played Warhammer 40k much, or not at all. I just hope they release expansions with more levels."
76561198032079023,Not Recommended,298900,28391256,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Silent Moebius,"I dont recommend this game right now as it is.If you only want to play singleplayer then i think you wont do anything wrong but the multpilayer is so broken right now. Its more like Starship troopers instead of warhammer, bugs where ever you look you see bugs!I really hope that they will work on it because i want this to be a good game and i want to enjoy it.I personally will play through singleplayer and will wait for updates and patches before i give multiplayer another chance."
76561197999391389,Not Recommended,298900,30367946,Posted: 6 March,all,[DSG] Tac Turtle,"I wanted so hard for this to be a great game, had amazing potential to be a white-knuckle suspenseful team FPS like Left 4 Dead . Instead, this is an absolute train wreck of a game. So glitchy it doesn't leave the loading screen 5/6 times, if it does manage to boot successfully, you will be treated to a laggy, choppy nightmare of poorly thought out controls with terrible console port layout - seriously, it is 2017, who still uses a scroll wheel to select commands so you can't walk and order squad members while shooting? Teammate AI in single player is a joke with the AI making terrible tactical choices like wandering blindly out into the middle of an open room when you are trying to hold a small choke point ala LEEROY JENKINS!!! or spreading out to far corners of the room when you are getting swarmed. The campaign is short, forgetable, and quickly devolves into fetch quests and ""escort the world's slowest door opener"".To be fair, the gameplay issues are relatively minor compared to the glaring, game-ruining technical errors like the perpetual initial load screen and an amazing inability to have a frame rate in the double digits. Seriously, with an i7-3610QM and 16GB ram with a GeForce 660M (well above the minimums) on lowest possible graphics details, the MAIN MENU SCREEN WAS LAGGY AND CHOPPY with a noticable lag (2-3 seconds) between when I clicked on menu button and the game responded. Just stay away until the devs actually get it out of Beta (if they ever do) -  over 3 months after launch and that still hasn't happened. I for one will be asking for a refund.Edited June 2nd to add: The perpetual loading screen error still occurs after Update 5, which is a mute point because the online multiplayer (main reason to buy the game IMHO) is totally dead."
76561197997529945,Not Recommended,298900,34903637,Posted: 12 September,all,Serious Sofa,"This one's tough, because I'm a big 40k fan, especially of all things Space Hulk. I got this on sale and still requested a refund.I obviously saw all the red flags on the game's release and kept away, waiting till the devs (hopefully) fixed their game up. Now to their credit, they've definitely put the work in on that front and I can say what I played didn't match the horror stories pertaining to it on release...The honest, brutal truth is that it's just kinda mediocre.PROS:----------------------------------------------------+ Everyone has said it already but it bears repeating: these guys absolutely -nailed- the 40k setting. It looks fantastic, it's the best the 40k setting has ever looked in a game. I friggin love this part. You can see how the team was influenced by 40k in their game E.Y.E and they put their all into here. And that's good: if you're gonna give the 40k license to someone, give it to someone who knows and loves it because that goes so far.+ Audio design is great. Some people complain about the absence of music but I prefer it that way- the eerie silence and ship ambience compounds the grimdark of 40k. Games that pile on the epic gothic stuff always feel like they're trying too hard.+Core gameplay loop is solid. It's FPS, the guns shoot well, combat feels meaty and messy, and it all controls as it should.+ Most of the bugs that haunted the game originally seem to be gone. Mind you it's not gone in it's entirety, but if nothing else it means the devs haven't abandoned the game to die, and that does speak of some valor considering how much the game got♥♥♥♥♥♥on upon release; I would understand the temptation to cut and run, but they've stuck to it. That's commendable. More than can be said about a lot of other 40k shovelware.MEH:-------------------------------------------------------Voice acting. It's not terrible, but it's just sort of irrelevant. This dips into a bit of subjectivity but I've never cared for Space Marines being presented as emotionless meat slabs. There's absolutely an argument that's accurate since, y'know, they're living weapons bred for war, but one of Space Hulk (in general, not really just this title) is how vulnerable the terminators are; there is a sense of danger and lethality present that lends itself to a horror atmosphere. The old Vengeance of the Blood Angels title did it pretty well (even if it's obviously clunky by today's standards): they start calm and collected but when♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down, they start to fire up; there's yelling, anger, frustration, even occasional bouts of panic. I know I certainly started yelling when I was getting swamped by bugs in a corner after my buddies got killed; that bit of shared humanity goes a long way in creating an investment and immersion. Ultimately it doesn't hurt the game, but it's something I noticed.-Plot. It's Space Hulk. There's a ship filled with evil bugs, you gotta prevent the evil bugs from infesting other planets, and there's something even worse waiting to rear it's head in the third act. If you've read any 40k books, you've seen this cookie cutter narrative before. And it's fine, it just comes with the territory- but I wish the quality of narrative could match the actual quality of presentation. Doesn't hurt it, but doesn't do anything to help the game either.CONS:---------------------------------------Playerbase is all but dead. I found a grand total of two servers open last night. Two. It's a friggin ghost town even in the wake of the sale reviving interest.- Bugs. Not nearly as bad as before, but I still had a friend have to quit the game and rejoin our server several times because the menu UI just stayed on the screen even after he quit the menu and couldn't see squat.-The Broodlord seems to have been demoted from ""the horrific heart of the tyranid infestation"" to a special enemy/midboss like a special infected in L4D. In the first mission alone we fought and killed 4 of them. They lost any sense of intimidation and started to be nothing more than annoying bullet sponges by the time we had killed our 3rd. You gotta have enemy variety and I get that, but the Broodlord just winds up being an oversized tyranid that happens to have a projectile. The devs here definitely understand the 40k setting more than just about anyone else, but they definitely dropped the ball here and any Tyranid fan is going to be put off by it. If you need enemy variety, put more effort into the genestealer's biomorphs having more noticeable effects against the players.- It gets boring very, very quickly. This is why I refunded the game.  I played with several friends and after several missions we all mutually felt like we didn't want to play anymore. I played some later missions online (it lets you pick any chapter when hosting a game) by myself hoping to see some progression, but playing the 7th and 8th missions felt just like the first. You walk from point A to point B, mowing down hordes of bugs. That's it. You gotta bring more to the table than this.There are definitely aspects of the original board game the Devs brought to this: doors, weapon jams, choke points, etc. They for sure understand the game, and I can see the challenge that comes from taking a turn based tactical strategy board game into an action FPS title. But I think there could have been more: a variety of objectives requiring you to do new things,  greater environmental hazards, mission timers to give a greater urgency to completing objectives, implementing the AI squad commands in a way closer to the original game instead of a cumbersome wheel menu... I could go on, but really all it boils down to is the fact that game never gets any more interesting than it does in the first level. It will get stale for all but the most diehard of fans, and it will get stale very quickly for more casual players.TL;DR:------------------------------------------This game comes so close to being something great, but there's just nothing to compel you to keep playing past admiring the fantastic environments and character models. I consider myself a big 40k fan; I'm looking at my copy of the Space Hulk boardgame right now, and the deathwatch killteam models on my desk- and I couldn't escape the thought I had an hour in: ""Man,  I'd rather be painting my models right now.""I just can't recommend it even at half off. It lacks any staying power, anything to rope you further in past the first mission. This is a game that just needed more time; more substance. It didn't get it, and I'm disappointed. . Don't pay 40$ for this. 10$, sure. But 40$?  Don't do that to yourself, no matter how much you like 40k. And if you're not a 40k fan...  Stay away, stay very far away. It's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,298900,34901856,Posted: 12 September,all,Frances,"After reading the mixed reviews I finally got the game on sale in Sept 2017. As such, I didn't go through the bugs and the flaws that I read the game had at launch. I followed GW tabletop games for almost 20 years, have a dark angel/deathwing army in my display case...in short, I was pretty pumped and I really wanted to like this game.I found another ton of wasted potential. Great graphics, nice models, beautiful environment. That's it, unfortunately. The rest is a rushed storyline, abused maps where you run back and forth for an hour or more (each), lack of lore details, no cutscenes, lack of additional weapon combos in the campaign, lack of any armor option (except those forced upon you). No soundtrack whatsoever. The skill trees are bland and lack of character. A sad, poor, anticlimactic end of campaign with a rather embarassing animation and no final dialogues. The lack of story depth makes you feel that you are only doing the same thing over and over again, with slightly harder foes every time.The campaign got boring for me about halfway through; I kept pushing hoping for a grand finale to rescue the whole experience, but simply it is not there. The last two maps are even the same that you have just cleared but....magic! Eleven (11!) brand new relics there, many of which in the same spots as before. Sad.A year after release still I experience bugs; psy powers disappearing on reload, wrong numbers in the mission summary, a weapon description in another language. The order interface is useless and cluncky in battle, and a teammate AI that leaves a lot to be desired. When attacked from the rear (often) you will find yourself walking *through* your AI teammates to get a clear shot, as they love to form a line and wait for their turn rather than spread around, even when there is plenty of space to do so.Hard to believe this game was even worst at launch. In summary: a pretty thing to see which lacks any serious depth, and makes it really hard, if not impossible, to fall into character. I know the crave to see this part of the WH40K universe coming alive on your PC monitor is strong. I urge you to resist, and save the money."
,Not Recommended,298900,33748408,Posted: 23 July,all,xXKasketXx,"Myself and 3 buddies bought this game, seeing the mostly positive recent reviews.Multiplayer is still a mess and has no depth. Twice opening up the ui to change keybinds the screen would not close. Had to restart to fix it. No saving of progress in multiplayer, so why even have an XP system at all? I want to like this game, I really, really do. We all refunded at the 1.5 hour mark."
,Not Recommended,298900,34901144,Posted: 12 September,all,Eltoron,I have PC tuned for VR and it can't handle this game properly. Very laggy and unstable. Overall the game is nice and fun. But really overpriced. I can recommend it only with big discount.
,Recommended,298900,28380855,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Flarestar,"What I expected: Left 4 Dead 2 with Warhammer 40K paint.What I got: Left 4 Dead 2 with Warhammer 40K paint, a solid campaign, and a pretty well-designed squad management and customization system.People complaining about loading times need to upgrade - most of my rig's components are around three years old and this game loads significantly faster than, say, Doom.  I have yet to experience a single crash.  So far I really have no complaints, it's exactly what I expected it to be: a solid, squad based objective driven murderfest."
76561198003058426,Not Recommended,298900,28366673,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Xanders,"Don't even start, says it needs MS Visual C++ Runtime 2015 though I have it installed and used since 2015. Dont have time to trobleshoot so refund."
,Not Recommended,298900,28438949,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,A. So buggy when I played it in release I never got to a full game.B. When I was in a game it seemed like it was going to get repetitive.
76561197986194123,Recommended,298900,28391249,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Speedbird,"Game runs smoothly on my machine, some lore, some gore.If you're a 40k fan, definitely pick it up."
76561197962831448,Not Recommended,298900,28802546,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tempest,This game is an abomination ! Total disappointment at every turn.
76561198044508854,Not Recommended,298900,28479622,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zir Zwag,Bacically if you lack an SSD or a $5000 rig you will be unable to play this game with enjoyment outside of a 1280x720 without having frame rates of 10 :) pure and simple
,Not Recommended,298900,28422690,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,King Of Kings,"Gameplay itself is good but the framedrop is the huge problem with this game, 40 fps when walking,20 fps while firing weapons, setting menu constantly freeze for some reason.Don't buy this until they fix it. I refunded this poorly made game."
76561198057185241,Recommended,298900,28380307,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MrBowzer,"My soul is for the Emperor.This game helps cleanse the wickedness of the fallen, thus I grant myself the acceptance of a few minor issues, such as OCCASIONAL FPS drops and a few loading screen glitches. My Emperor has blessed me with 0 game crashes. I run very old SLI cards in my Space Marine; GTX 660’s. 8/10 game, would reccomend to anyone who enjoys the 40k lore and a pretty solid game.Blood for the blood lord."
76561198032773067,Recommended,298900,28405047,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheLastCzechMate,"Great game. Mut have for 40K fans, great game for gameplay lovers. Not an interactive movie. No button mashing.There are minor bugs (keybinding problems, enemy stuck, etc.) All fixable, I believe it will be adressed in coming updates.Problems: Clunky map (it feels PS porty.. Needs fixing guys..)Pros: Atmosphere is great, sound design AWESOME, difficulty range great, good replayability, level design - real treat for 40K fans, absolutely top notch. Weapons: Let me tell you, if this is not the best flamethrower ever featured in a game, I will eat my mousepad. I have a mid-range machine (i5 6600, AMD R9 270X 4G, 16Gb DDR4) and running at HIGH settings without any issues.I don´t get steam rating right now, I guess COD fans were dissapointed by the lack of cutscenes :-P"
,Recommended,298900,30014274,Posted: 18 February,all,CandyRunt,I know this game has gotA LOTof stick and it actually put me off buying it for the longest time and Imightjust be one of the lucky few whos machines it will run on but I've had no issues and I thoroughly enjoyed the single player and all of my experiences on the multiplayer so far so. The devs have also just dropped the beta for a patch to fix a lot of the issues people seem to have so it's not a dead game by any means
76561197982237517,Not Recommended,298900,28528478,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Angel,"Total disappointment,♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization, no enemy variety, horrible UI, missions are boring, story is plodding and nonsensical, and customization/unlocks are barely even worth mentioning due to being extremely limited in number and variety. As of writing this review this is basically to Warhammer what Colonial Marines was to Aliens. Especially since the game looks and runs nothing like the trailers."
,Not Recommended,298900,29486804,Posted: 25 January,all,Kilo,"tedious, unfinished bugfest"
76561198031279556,Recommended,298900,30537430,Posted: 16 March,all,[PGC]Thrasson,"Everything about this is fun. Even the co-op. That being said, co-op is required for co-op. Also to note, running around alone will end you on harder difficulties.Graphics - fantastic. (i run it jacked up. no issues at all)[rocking a GTX 980 Ti]Sound     - fantastic. (fun listening for the Genestealers coming for you, or was that sound just ambient noise, or Genestealers far off...)Controls  - fantastic. (you can map the keyboard to your liking.)Story       - fantastic. (as long as you listen to the dialogue, I do.)Weapons - fantastic. (all the weapons have a function at certain points during the game. All can be used effectively, faults in weapon use are user complications.)Co-op      - fantastic. (that being said, you must be a cooperator to win on high difficulty settings.)Chatting  - par. (only typing in game. Get your friends on discord or something. People be ♥♥♥♥♥ing about not having voice in-game, it's irrelivent now. I use discord, TS3 or skype even for games that DO have voice chat in-game. It's just easier and it works.Negative stuff. There is only one thing that is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Campaign mode the A.I. are CONSTANTLY standing in front of me obstructing my shooting lane. Even if you move to another angle, there they are again blocking you, trying to be meat shields. If i was a medic (which you cannot be in campaign mode) i would noit care so much. But since YOU have to be the one doing everything this is testimount to you ability to keep in the rage. I would just run it alone, but at most contacts, you need more guns to put down the scourge.Anywho, i hope this helps people out whe nmaking a descision about this game.Got my copy while it was on sale, so win for me.Thanks for reading.P.S. the very best thing about this game, NO JUMPING. Feet on the ground where they belong, finally."
,Recommended,298900,33704093,Posted: 21 July,all,[ST] Trevicahn,"Yeah, they fixed the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta this. Go buy! NAO!"
76561197970134887,Recommended,298900,33253752,Posted: 4 July,all,Djgazza,sick game
,Recommended,298900,34607619,Posted: 30 August,all,fagpiss,"Goddamn I love violenceIt's fun to just slam a xenos head to pieces after burning it with a heavy flamer. The gameplay is solid, but some weapons are slightly too weak and you unlock the fun and powerful stuff at the end of the missions (unless you play codex rules, in which case it's all unlocked from the start). Psykers should be allowed to use force sword/axe with ANY weapon, not just the two bolters. There also seems to be a delay when you try to parry/block with a weapon or a shield, and this makes parrying practically useless.The core gameplay is there, but it could use a better progression system with unlocks, maybe some stats, cosmetic items and so on, because right now all you do is join a game and just butcher xenos without a real goal other than finishing the levels. I suspect this could be a reason why player activity is so low. More weapons wouldn't hurt either.There are some frustrating glitches, but they seem to become fewer every patch. Some UI glitches can still force you to rejoin/leave games, and it can get quite frustrating after a while.tl;dr: Core gameplay is excellent, and I would love more games with this kind of gameplay, but it needs more substance and content."
76561198029001546,Not Recommended,298900,28398513,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Rudevald,Poor optimalisation.  My pc passes requirements yet game is laggy and crashes every time there is cutscene or on random. If it was cheaper i would be patient but for game this expensive i gotta ask for refund ;/
76561198103977075,Recommended,298900,28397506,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dangonzalez4,"Great Game, awesome graphics and progression"
76561197967811276,Recommended,298900,28384539,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,CoV | Darken,"I've only played the first Campaign Mission so far, but it's pretty amazing. The game really manages to capture the atmosphere of being onboard a space hulk/moving in the WH40k universe, well done to the sound and graphics people. The difficulty seems to be ok, although the menu to command your squad members is somewhat sluggish and not really suited to fast paced combat. I run everything on the highest settings and haven't had a problem with that yet. On the negative side, I had to restart the tutorial twice because a door wouldn't open, same thing with the first mission when the game just froze after the briefing. From what I've gathered the multiplayer isn't really working well at the moment, so I haven't tried that yet. Overall a nice experience, but still needs some fixes."
,Not Recommended,298900,28388626,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shadow Blazer,"I played the game for 42mins and already I want to metaphorically tear my hair out for how frustrating this game is. To clarify, I love frustrating games, the frustration here comes solely from the horrible design choices and how boring the gameplay actually is.Lets start this off then:-The save system:What the actual ♥♥♥♥ is this save system?! Look I know the game is getting a lot of flak for being to easy, so I chose to play on the hardest difficulty setting. In the first level there was no combat for a while so I got cocky and started just sprinting everywhere.Well as I expected I got my face kicked in by a horde of genestealers. I thought to myself ""well, finally, took them long enough to show up, now that I know what to expect I'll just play smarter"" that is, I thought that way until I hit continue and it sent me back TO THE BEGINNING OF THE LEVELS CUTSCENE THAT IS COMPLETELY UNSKIPPABLE. What is the point of an autosave system if the game IS NOT GOING TO USE IT WHEN YOU NEED IT TO? All progress was reset as if I had just started playing for the first time. You cannot even pause the cutscene and just force the game to load your most recent autosave. This is by far the most maddening thing as when I was just on my way to finish the chapter, I died, it happened again. This is not fun or challenging, this is just pure frustration that by all logic should NOT exist.This wouldn't be an issue if the difficulty was ""hardcore mode"" as that would be expected, but no, the save system is just crap.-The actual gameplay is weightless.Terminators are supposed to be these big hulking warriors for the emperor, I feel like my squad is the worlds first three man figure skating team. And yes that is as dysfunctional as it sounds as your movements, instead of feeling weighty, feel like you are just fighting to get the glue off of your feet.-Sound design (ties heavily into the previous point.)Dawn of War 2 (I would have said 1 but I haven't played 1 enough to give a good comparison) got the terminators right, in a RTS they felt like each step had weight to them due to the sound effects. Their guns sounded like they had punch to them. This honestly feels like I am playing the fuzzy slippers chapter of the space marines for how quiet they are. This translates directly to how the gameplay feels weightless because the ragdolls flop around with what sounds like a steak being slapped onto a cutting board (despite the tyranids having exoskeletons) while the guns sound like they are plastic. The ambience sounds that are used are good but that is about it really.I mean I really enjoyed this teams previous game E.Y.E. but honestly, it feels like they just reused the same SFX from that game and moved them over here to cut costs.-The AI.I have no words for how stupid the AI is in this game. I honestly cannot understand how or why the AI is so bad in the day and age where we have games like L4D1/2 where the AI tries to be smart. In this game, it does not matter if you are in front of a spawn point or not. The game will simply have an entire horde spawn right in front of you, while you are shooting, enabling you to mow them all down in seconds. I was playing on THE hardest difficulty, you can bump damage values all you like but outside of the scripted swarm rushes the AI spawning is horrible.So yeah I requested my refund. This game is at most worth 10 bucks in its current state, not $50 (thanks to the discount it was like, what, $43 for me.) I am extremely disappointed as I expected better. Thankfully I never experienced crashes but for how horrible my experience has been with this game already, it would have just thrown more disappointment on top of what was already there.I hope this game improves but as it is now, I rather get a refund than keep the game and hope."
76561198123830150,Recommended,298900,29664396,Posted: 2 February,all,DarthBedBananas,"Love the game and how it plays, hate the fact that i can never connect to a multiplayer match, or when i do, in loading, it boots all the players. Extremely frustrating."
,Recommended,298900,29700705,Posted: 4 February,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad","Though the machine spirits inhabiting this vessel are tempermental, and the hymns of loading much be held for far longer than most, the will of this is truly for the emperor.Fully utilizing the latest in neuromancy of our esteemed Magos, this is a fine simulation that I have utilized in the training of many aspirants in the Deathwatch."
,Recommended,298900,28387980,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Scabard,"I bought this game for the solo campaign experience, to feel like a terminator clad Space Marine wading through tyranids on a space hulk. The game certainly does that without equal. The graphics, sound and capaign story is awesome and I can't fault the gameplay.Here's some gameplay from my series:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnLRX6bl18E"
76561198017489449,Recommended,298900,30248811,Posted: 28 February,all,✠SpookySirwarriant,"Pros:-Great atmosphere, feels very 40k- Fantastic graphics some of the best ive seen- You feel like a terminator, movement is great- The guns feel very powerful for the most part- The maps are very well designed, and would often jump when i turned the corner and ran into a nid- Sounds are very good for the most part, although the guns could sound better in my opinon- The game is very challenging on higher difficulties- The gameplay is quite fun in bursts- Amazing attention to detail, i found myself closely studying the evironment, and you can even read the words written on seals, and on the Terminators armor.Cons:-Game can feel repetative- Performance is not great although, it's miles ahead of where it was at launch- Loading times are quite long, but again huge improvement over what they were at launch- Mp is quite bare bones, lacking the entire skill tree featured in the single player- It can be very difficult to get a mulitplayer game going, connection problems still exist- Multiplayer progression to my knowladge does not carry over to the next mission which kinda sucks- Terrible ending- The game teased Chaos, and the fallen, and had me believing i was going to fight them, but you never do which was a huge let down- Melee honestly kind of sucks, at least on higher difficulties, getting to close to nids is a death sentenceOver all i would recomend this game, but only if you really love the 40k universe."
76561197966970226,Recommended,298900,28365503,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,angry snail [FnF],Fun Game. There's a lot of lore in it and it feels like l4d hordes. A bit challenging at first but easy to get the hang of. Some of these reviews are rather picky people. It just came out and I'm sure some of the perfomance issues will be fixed
,Not Recommended,298900,28476534,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rudragon,"Sloppily made game. No hit box collisions, being able to walk through other terminators is silly, about as silly as tyranids clipping into one another constantly. The sound gives no atmosphere or weight, firing bolter rounds inside of a metal ship should sound more impactful than clapping one's hands. Overall feels like a cheap zombie rush game, not Warhammer 40k."
,Not Recommended,298900,28405179,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Yazawa Nico,"I have above the system requirements and the game doesn't work It keeps crashesing for no reason :/ i was really looking foward to this, it is also just a reskin of Left for dead"
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,298900,28462963,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,biu,"Atmospheric single player with dumb AI.Bare bones multiplayer with total lack of weapon loadouts, skills.Multi player also lacks any dedicated servers so expect to wait a long time for a full group and then expect to get disconnected or encounter a fatal error.This game is a con job.DO NOT BUY."
76561197970431323,Not Recommended,298900,28475811,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,[F4F]Gridd,"I bought this game because foolishly i thought its was coop experience with coms, now i regret this massively after finding out the mic does not work in game (pathetic) and no fix. I will be asking for a refund.  No voice chat WTF??"
,Recommended,298900,30511363,Posted: 14 March,all,ROW,"dont be put off by the hate! it is a GREEAT single player game, just great looks sounds feels like it should and u move like you should! ge it on! the multiplayer no progression is the put down but not game breaking! and i think they fixed/ added more to it anyway.... worth it!row"
,Recommended,298900,30016557,Posted: 18 February,all,Mr.Bigtime-81,Bought game yesterday. plays good. no issues. reminds me good old star wars republic commando. ai is not very clever. our squad neither. but  which game has perfect enemy ai anyway. iam having fun for now . now time for chapter 3.
,Not Recommended,298900,28384244,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dump_Truck,"So I was rather excited to pick this up since it was on a bit of a sale, and it's an awesome looking Warhammer game. The only issue is I'm getting the sneaking suspicion that due to my computer's loadout, and a glaring omission from the advised hardware they included, that I can't play it, and likely won't be able to.So a Friend and I purchased this, downloaded it on the same day. Have the exact same issue. I'm running a similar, but not quite the same rig.Both are windows 7, Mine is less than 3 days old from a fresh install, older hardware however. Always Solid.I have an AMD FX 8150. IT's an 8 core monster that really doesn't care at all. Not overclocked so it's sititng at 3.61ghz.Friends computer is also running an amd FX 8 core, but a slightly higher clock, 3.9 I think.By now you might be seeing why I'm suspicious. We're running AMD rigs, and the game makes ABSOLUTELY NO MENTION OF SUPPORTING AMD HARDWARE.Now I may be reading too much into this, but with the issues we're running into I'm less inclined to think this is the case.Tutorial runs wonderfully, things are fine, nifty it's fun.Start mission, opening sequence plays, we watch the pretty monitor as we go. We get into the ship. He crashes. I get to walk through a big room, have one door lock itself, and then enter a hallway. One of the other dudes says we're not alone, audio proceeds to freak out, game stops, and my entire computer LOCKS UP. Not just Spacehulk, but my entire computer. First time required a forced restart, second time took 15 min cause it was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off even task manager.So at this point, I'm severely underwhelmed. I was looking forward to this, and so far all I've gotten is a kick in the balls for not having a processor that cost more than my car does.If this isn't resolved I may be forced to make my first ever refund for what I was hoping would be a holiday of me yelling about a man and his golden throne."
,Not Recommended,298900,29692145,Posted: 4 February,all,Xessive,"A colossal disappointment.Ok, that's an exaggeration but it was a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,298900,28428672,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ZeTuZ,well i was desapointed .first game was much batter .
76561198040985920,Not Recommended,298900,28502430,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,YellowCake,"I'M NOT HAPPY. Game is really fun, but it crashes all the time! I'd give a 7 or a 8 out of 10 but since so crashy I give poopy score of 5."
,Not Recommended,298900,28503756,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Panzerklown,Refunded due to framerate issues and stuttering. Will be looking to see if it's any better when it hits the PS4.
,Not Recommended,298900,32416334,Posted: 14 June,all,Grundletits,"This game has really cool visual design and atmosphere, but the minute to minute gameplay is very dull and boring at the end of the day. There's no suspense or real challenge in the enemy and the worlds are empty hallways without much going on other than run from one checkpoint to the other.I really wanted to enjoy this one but it's just an empty experience."
76561198014595363,Recommended,298900,28380807,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BigBobbyBups,"Not sure what everyone is complaining about.  Game works fine for me with no FPS drops, although I did notice an odd bug where often the menu overlay doesn't disappear and blocks your screen.  Overall seems fun!"
76561197971381850,Recommended,298900,28380845,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,zorianarki,"Only just went through the first mission so this isn't by any means a complete review, but ♥♥♥♥ me freddy this game makes me feel like an awesome terminator terminatoring puny genestealers, and thats why I'm here. Also performance issues for me at least have been completely solved since beta, it is a butter smooth 60 now."
,Recommended,298900,29933602,Posted: 14 February,all,illanmuskt,"This game is great for war hammer fans , fun wave based story driven game , i only paid 15 dollars for it thou it going up to 40 is crazy"
,Not Recommended,298900,32524636,Posted: 17 June,all,Mr Rental,"PRO: The grim darkness of the 41st Millenium.CONS: The game runs like crap, crashes constantly, and buggy as hell. Combat is fun until your framerate collapses and you're playing a slideshow."
76561198024054152,Recommended,298900,28396254,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,kyouku,"So i pre orderd this game with one of my peeps. Played the beta, loved it. Played it the day it released. It was night and day. Sure, beta had its share of issues, but the vast majority of my issues with the game were resolved. It looks sleek, the movement is a bit clunky, gee, you're in a space marines armor, which is...clunky. You get the right setup team wise, you can wreck house. Can you get wrecked? Absolutely. Can your whole team get wrecked in a matter of seconds? Damn right.Highly recommened to be a shoot'em up gorefest. It has a little bit more polish that it needs which im sure will be with future updates, but a damn good game. Its challenging and enemies come from everywhere and that's why alot of folks don't like it, its not as predictible as the beta. Sound screws with you just like it did in Dead Space and the enemies are usually relentless."
76561198202589669,Recommended,298900,28437204,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,I Eat Alot Of Ass,Its left for dead but with Space MarinesSPACE MARINES PURGE
76561198018793260,Recommended,298900,28392062,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Raptor Jésus II,"This game involves Terminator armours, steel abs and slashing Xenos.Pretty much Left 4 Dead 2 on steroids."
,Recommended,298900,28705556,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ResidualError,"The awesomeness outweights any flaws.At times when my squad and I are firing assault cannons at a choke point of what seems an unlimited amount of Genestealers approaching, only for the gun to jam and you have to whack and lightning bolt them away until you reload, or your hulking mass thudding down the dark corridors keeping an ear out for any approaching enemies while switching to the infrared to scan the shadows,  you feel just like a Space Marine.And that's all I really wanted ."
76561198036343394,Recommended,298900,28705426,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Very Hungry Caterpillar,Enjoyable
,Recommended,298900,28384335,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Blackhawk,"When it works, it can be quite fun.As is, it's unoptimized and the network problems make it VERY difficult to play an extended game (or in some cases, connect to your friends  games at all)At the moment, you might want to hold off. When and if they do fix the bugs, it's a definite pickup for 40k fans."
,Recommended,298900,28366493,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Psycode™,Great game! Love the combat machanics and dismemberment of filthy ♥♥♥♥ing xenos!Currently not experiencing any bugs/issues with this hulk of a game.10/10 Longer waiting times than BFG. IGN approved.
76561197970660822,Recommended,298900,28391174,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ZZ,"I wouuld  recommend this game . Great setting ,sound and graphics. My new favorite game."
76561198071764676,Recommended,298900,28382997,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Crobi,Pros-Great fun gameplay-good teamworking-classes are interesting and loadedCons-bad UI-servers need working on-option menu needs adjustingThis game is very fun if you were thinking of getting it before reading the reviews go ahead and buy it its loads of fun.
76561198023014449,Recommended,298900,28390967,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zoidberg,"I want to start by saying that I really feel that this game has an enormous amount of potential.   Right now, my primary concern is the bugs and horrendous load times that make the game difficult to play for more than one mission.  The most irking bug would be when my character suddenly can't perform any actions whatsoever, including running.  In this instance, I have to try to find a door to interact with and hope that fixes it while my team protects me, or I have to restart the game.  I have a few complaints about the direction of the game, such as the melee combat.  Also please add the atleast some of the features from the single player campaign to the multiplayer (Heavy Flamer, Librarians other abilities, etc.)  More people bought this game solely for multiplayer than you seem to think...  I'd also like it to be more viable and not so one-dimensional and lackluster in terms of really knowing when you've hit (or killed) some filthy xenos.  Think Vermintide, but in the grim, dark future. I'd also really prefer sustained progression, and not having to readvance each time I play.  So, in all, I'd definitely recommend this game, but that may change depending on how long it takes for major bugs and optimization to be patched, and to a slightly lesser extent, for game play changes."
76561197987480051,Recommended,298900,28422073,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GunKing,"Satisfying combat.  Gorgeous effects make every death exquisite. Genestealers come apart in multiple ways, chunks of head come off exposing brain matter, chitin and muscle blister and peel apart after getting roasted, blood drips from ceilings after explosive close encounters.Needs optimization, both in the UI which is atrocious, and sporadic frame rate drops. But my system runs it fine for the most part. Single player AI is pretty damn stupid and will end up costing your life in the late game. Multiplayer needs work. Can't join majority of games. Coolest weapons from single player are not included.Also needs some ♥♥♥♥IN EPIC GOTHIC ORCHESTRAL music. I don't know why they went for this atonal, ambient crap. This isn't survival horror. I'm a walking tank with Gandalf abilities. They need a soundtrack that keeps the blood pumping in a slaughter fest, like in the latest Doom.Other than that, this game is a pretty decent PURGE BY FLAME simulator."
,Recommended,298900,28422207,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SneakyFatMan,the game is fun and the story is great but the multiplayer doesnt work right to broken to be fun.
76561198118990821,Recommended,298900,28379602,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,yonderer,"Good game. Space hulk deathwing has accomplished what no other 40k game has for me in the past, which is capture the grimdark feel and essence of the 41'st millenium. Good job dev's. Heres to hoping there will be more 40k games to follow suit. Lord knows dawn of war 3 won't. Now to address all the negative reviews. This isn't the first game to not be completely optimized at launch, its garbage to release a unfinished product but they do have a timeline. Don't just write the game off as a loss. I personally have not had any issues. Now, its time I get back to purging the foul Xenos with a heavy flamer. Fight well brothers."
,Recommended,298900,28407550,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tugboat,"To be honest, alot of people complaining about their issues seem to be complaining that their machines cant keep up, more than the game. That sucks, i agreeIs it buggy? yes. But my machine runs it fine with no stutters or frame drops even when 75 genestealers are trying to check my colon for polyps.Is it fun? ..... Mah dude have you seen a genestealer get hit with a mace? ♥♥♥♥♥ dope.All in all its fun, it may need some optimization but if you're trying to run it on a potato maybe you shouldn't be reviewing"
,Recommended,298900,28367276,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Whiskeyjack,"I only played the tutorial and the first mission of the single player campaign. The game is not perfect by any means, however it is fun so far, and the story seems interesting. I'm running slightly older hardware, and for the most part have been playing at about 50 fps. It dropped to about 20 fps for a short period when I got swarmed by genestealers. I have not experienced any crashes, and even the drops in fps were fairly brief things.I'm not a huge multiplayer fan, I'll probably play this later on with a friend or two, but I primarily got this game for the single player aspect. I don't think I will be disappointed, especially for the price. $33 for a good single player campaign seems like a pretty good deal to me, as opposed to dropping around $60 for some of the big name games that probably have a campaign that isn't much longer.This game isn't anything breathtaking, but it's worth getting if you want a W40k story that seems like it will be fun to go through.I'd give it a solid 5/7"
76561198322726621,Recommended,298900,28395696,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bunds_22,If they fix the random kicks and game crashes it'll be a pretty fun game to play
76561198036719061,Not Recommended,298900,28786956,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doelago,"Unoptimized, buggy mess of a game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28479581,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Infernicus,"It's not that fun. It's basicly just bad Warhammer Vermintide, but this time in space. None of the terminators are actual characters, so you don't get any of the interesting conversations or charcter interactions like you had in vermintide (Which I thought were really fun to listen too) and without the melee focus the combat is just holding down the left mouse button until the hoard is dead. None of the guns are satisfying to use, and there's ♥♥♥♥ all strategy so the game just becomes walking down a very, very long corridor, occassionaly stopping to shoot up some genestealers. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,298900,29793792,Posted: 8 February,all,DrewSaidWhat,I have had a great amount of fun from this game. I spent a couple of hours figuring out the game mechs which didn't take to long to understand. I like the aspect of controlling other troops while doing the story mode that ACTUALLY help you unlike many fps shooters when they don't. The graphics are appealing and so is the story ( as Warhammer usually is) The style itself is unique as per usual as well. This game was a great buy.
,Not Recommended,298900,28480414,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Inhuman Erection,Very buggy at the moment.
76561198042780587,Recommended,298900,28980184,Posted: 3 January,all,Tarik Torgadon,"After playing a while , i finally gather what i hate in this game:1.Worst last-check-point-saved-game mechanism i ever seen.If you die and immidiately press any key it loads from the beginning of the mission.You need to manualy search through saved games to find your last.2.A lot of shot keys to control AI in game , but they dont work :| . Each time you need to manualy navigate to appopriate menu after pressing ""Space"" key.3.Dialogs...Why they communicate with each other like programmed toys? Where is the ""We fight in His name "" , ""For the Emperaaah!"" , ""For Lions will"" e.t.c?4.Main menu and loading page...Gusy , i cannot watch it without tears.Seriosly , you did titanic work on locations enviroment and it looks really great , but why you leave Main menu and loading page design to some schoolboy ?Loading pages can show as some major locations from different perspective followed by some well known Warhammer phrases.5.This part is not so critique , but can gave dev team food for thought.What is the meaning of information pannels in game? Especialy if they are in binary?What i deffinitly like in this game:1.Locations are greatly detailed.2.Interesting game story.(At last for Warhammer fans)3.Multiplayer (did't try it well but beta was nice).P.SI can suggest this game only to Warhammer universe fans , because for others it will take to much time to understand what its going here."
76561197998898700,Recommended,298900,29451483,Posted: 23 January,all,BrotherCaptainStern,"Fun game, really enjoyed the campaign! Must have for a 40k fan. Had no performance issues whatsoever in campaign. AI is great & gives you some real scares at first. Levels are beautiful & they nailed the setting. Weapons are really fun to try out with different combos, and are true to the fluff. Psyker cutscene dreams added a nice element to the story.A bigger end-game boss, & a little more polish on level design & multiplayer progression/coop would have made this a great game. Last battle was a bit of a letdown. Was hoping for a Fallen Angel confrontation or a hive tyrant / carnifex style beast: to tie in with the swarm approaching.Not sure i'll be spending any more time replaying or in co-op, but all in all, a fun game worth the money."
76561197997974375,Not Recommended,298900,29962042,Posted: 16 February,all,Grenghis,If a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥could take a♥♥♥♥♥♥the result would be this game.
76561197980135209,Not Recommended,298900,29989411,Posted: 17 February,all,XJudgeDreddX,For what ever reason cant turn off my mic for in game. VOIP is very loud and there is a huge delay. Why is there no setting to turn it off?????
,Recommended,298900,33690725,Posted: 21 July,all,Glaynus,"This game is a must have if you consider yourself to be a 40k fan. 4k graphics and gameplay is crisp, Best 40k game out, Dawn of war series included."
76561198007157504,Not Recommended,298900,30512888,Posted: 14 March,all,Paladin,"I really hoped this to be a good spacehulk game! Videos everything seemed to be good. I couldn't wait that this game was released. I was still glad when they announced that the game release date was chanced because developers wanted the game be a better.At first the game was exciting it was nice to walk and see the space hulk. Graphic was not as good as I was hoping but not too bad either. The Space hulk still looked so awesome, so it was nice feeling walking in empty space ship. I hoped that the genestealers would be something like Aliens, to be feared and the game playing would have been survival against horrible enemies! I couldn't wait to see the enemy. Then I faced genestealers, they looked boring, they attacked without any cunning and they were easy to kill. It was a big dissapointment. Well I still hope that maybe the game has intresting story to tell and the game would be better at the end. It was not. Every mission feels the same. Enemies get even more boring. Weapons are generic and I really didn't even need to chance a weapon for half of the game.In the nut shell experience was: walk, shoot, wait. rinse and repeat. Wasted opportunity."
76561197970806666,Recommended,298900,33725779,Posted: 22 July,all,Window Licker,Best purging simulator. 10/10
76561197991835100,Not Recommended,298900,28401540,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jimmy Drama,"This game is very poorly optimised and the co-op mode is very poorly implemented.  It's very unfortunate as I was really looking forward to giving this one a go.  Best wait until the developer makes some updates to fix the framerate problem and sorts out the co-op.  In the mean time my three friends and I will be playing Vermintide, which has awesome performance and a bootload of constantly updating content."
76561198007133506,Recommended,298900,28405036,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Umbre Fallenstars,"I love the ambiance wich is really what I was looking for.you're slow, strong and resistantYou trully feel like being in a hostile place, always near complete teardown.Wall crumbles, lights flickers, things in the wall, death is everywhere, sometimes you found an old battleflied where soldiers have died fighting, sometimes behind a wall, you found a soldier who prefered suicide, trapped in a locked roomYou on the other hand is strong, resistant, know no fear, and have the best weapons in your hands. Killing ennemy is not the difficulty.The difficulty come from the number of ennemy and the fact that you don't have a great mobility.Forget the fast-paced FPS you know usually, forget the soldiers agiles, jumping, dodging and sliding. Here, you are a terminator, you ARE slow, you can't climb, not even jump, so of course, you can forget running. Since a long time I didn't had a FPS where you're marching by default and not running.so yea, the game itself is pretty basic, but not bad too. I prefer a basic FPS than an bad one, even if it is original.I personnaly have not experienced bugs and other things so no complain here.On my opinion it's a good ambiance game, but if you don't seek the W40K ambiance it might be a little too basic to enjoy properly."
,Not Recommended,298900,28424423,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Solitude,"What is it about the 40K IP, that leads to such erroneous and generally all-round poor games. With the notable exception of the first Dawn of War title (and even that needs numerous DLC's and some love from the community to keep it viable (the camera zoom mod in particular!) there has been a never ending succession of really poor quality games. From DoW II, to Space Marine, to Battle Fleet Gothic - they've all been similarly dissapointing.I digress though, lets talk Space Hulk.A concept for which there should, nay, is, a vast quantity of material, both visual and literal, to fuel all the aspects a modern game should need. Style, ethos, content, backstory, etc.But yet, like the aforementioned Space Marine, & Battle Fleet Gothic titles, what we get is a game that looks arguably pretty (though beyond the basic tyranid forms there doesn't actually appear to be any variety at all) is still at its core a game that's only skin deep.Let's start with the weapons, the alternative weapons made available throughout the course of the campaign don't feel like upgrades, and in fact in some cases due to their reliability should be more appropriately viewed as hindrances and risks rather than something to make you feel more powerful or capable in the field.The relic's option appears to be entirely pointless, since they don't become items you can use - a librarian that can't use the rather natty looking force staff you can find in the first mission? Really?Every mission follows the same flavour, arrive, run to point A, either ""interact/destroy/hold"" while you kill a swam, then rinse and repeat consistently until the mission ends. Not impressive at all. The squad control system is painfully slow, limited and obtuse - the cynic in me suspects it was aimed at the console minded crowd rather than the PC gaming one.The combat is not in any way fluid, comparable to other modern shooters or, frankly, particularly enjoyable.The psyker effects are fun, but appear to have been put together by someone who's never properly read any 40K literature.And for the record, my opinion of this remains the same for the multi-player.What could and should have been a glorious game, feels like it's been stamped out by the most mindless of servitors for the huddled hive dwellers who were willing to part with some credits for the token joy it would bring them to their otherwise dark and miserable existences. For the glory of the emperor indeed.To the developers, publishers, and GW themselves.You have once again given the 40K fanbase, and indeed the gaming community at large, a title that fails to reflect all (or even a sensible portion) of what the 40K IP has to offer. To put it in ways you might understand, we want a McNeil//Abnett/Dembski-Bowden strength of game, you gave us a Matt Ward."
76561197960485924,Recommended,298900,28404791,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,5svin,"I have played the game for a couple of hours now, and I am very satisfied so far. I have not encountered a single crash so far, and the game runs smooth and looks beautiful at medium settings (iMac 27', bootcamp Win10 pro, i7 -3770 @ 3.40GHz, GeForce GTX 680MX).It is a great game. If you're into Warhammer 40k buy it, and play it with your friends."
76561198000879657,Recommended,298900,28405029,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DaBigSauce,"game has issues for some sure... only dramas i have had is MP connections. main problem with this game is all the little whinging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cunts... on that note why do i give a ♥♥♥♥ about MP?♥♥♥♥ me.patch's will come, in the mean time my pc is running this fine on max and im enjoying it!get some!"
76561197997086407,Recommended,298900,28476449,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,WoW,nice game
76561198006840764,Recommended,298900,28498833,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dodgeragan,fun and full of 40k lore
76561198013916775,Recommended,298900,28498917,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Raven5273X,"I was a big fan of the original Space Hulk game on the original Playstation.  So far this game has been worth every penny.  Its fun and feels like a more hi tech faster remake of the original Space Hulk.  However, It did have some major bugs at its initial release.  So far, at the time of writing this review 12/20/16, they seem to be getting fixed.  The game no longer crashes after the first mission and the loading is quicker overall.  Graphics are great, actions is great.   Highly recommended.   PS I am a 40k fan."
76561197961166109,Recommended,298900,28499682,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,n8d0g,"This game does a fantastic job of visualising how I imagine a space hulk and the 41st millenium would be. The atmopshere is tense, the lighting is just right and the sound effects really keep your own edge.It does need work however for fixing minor game bugs as well as issues with connection/loading. Frankly, I think they should have waitied an extra month or two before full release, but its acceptable.That said, I don't have any of the issues many of users seem to have, so perhaps if you do want to buy this game, YOU NEED A DECENT/VERY GOOD COMPUTER. In all caps just in case you were skim-reading.The only minor critism I would level at the devs would be to have a seperate multiplayer campagin/missions rather than just replaying the campaign with COOP, because I do imagine this game getting stale quite quickly.You can up the difficulty, but I feel there needs to be more stuff (NOT DLC!!!) added to keep the game more interesting in the long term.The AI isnt great, but I can forgive this, being a obivous COOP game, best played with at least 3."
,Recommended,298900,28382068,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Emerald Witch,"Game worked fine for me without any crashes or other problems. I only played a little multi-player, though. The environments are incredibly detailed and I love the soundscape. The combat is hectic and a little wonky, you need to be prepared before the waves come at you, getting in position after they're on top of you is difficult (naturally). I played on the 3rd (out of 4) difficulty settings."
76561198012425888,Recommended,298900,28405039,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Meef,"Space Marines in Left 4 Dead. I love it. I'm a huge fan of the Space Marines from the Warhammer universe and enjoy this game very much. The AI for your squad mates needs some work, but if you are quick with the mouse to issue movement commands, it becomes a moot point. Narrow cooridors, possibly bad AI squadmates; getting stuck? Nope, the only thing that holds you up in the game is concrete or metal bulkheads and even not that at times."
76561198022662743,Not Recommended,298900,28425564,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,orab_0,"network errors: all the timecritical errors: sometimesInterface: welcome to the 90sMy rig?: la crème dela crème.Unplayable online in an online game.Epic Fail, you have brought shame to your chapter. (chapter = game developer community)."
76561198071551071,Recommended,298900,28425579,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,REQU!EM,"Absolutely fantastic, I love this game and the fact that it shows that 40k is not dead."
,Recommended,298900,28395449,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[THoA]Kalidris,"For warhammer Fans, Id say this game is a good purchase (If your rig can handle it, cant stress that part enough) and is well worth the time and investment especially for £25For non warhammer Fans the game is solid with its mechanics and has amazing story telling even if you dont know much about the warhammer universePros;The settingThe charactersThe GameplayMultiplayerCons:Mp servers can be a little weirdSmall variety of weapons (isnt really an issue to me)Lack of customisability with your space marine armor, within SP or MPOverall enjoying my experience with little problems like crashing or low framerate and my only real issues with the game a minor details"
76561197993693066,Not Recommended,298900,28399494,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Veilan,"I had high hopes for the co-op aspect of the game, but it's inferior to Space Marine in every way. The lack of being able to play the campaign together properly means this was an outright mis-purchase for me.And when 40 enemies who have 2 varieties of exact clones beeline for you, and all attack with the same clunky animation to be slaughtered while they clip into each other so your swing takes out ~10 at once, you know it's just another cash-grab with the GW logo rather than a game crafted with a real intent to deliver a quality experience.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365914,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Daxx Alabel,"The space bar is used to give commands. Because it's in space! Haha?...It needs remaping, you can't use a controller, it's buggy as hell, and difficulty spikes randomly.If you want a shooter like this, stick to doom, you'll probably get more out of it. As someone who is a warhammer 40k fan, was dissapointing."
,Recommended,298900,28367216,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hispanic At The Disco,Pros-Great gun play and melee playGreat storyUIVery Lore FriendlyTeam Mate AI is not autistic (tho there is one part in one of the levels where if Barachiel is using a thunder hammer he is too fat to go through a corridor.Enemy AI is greatGraphicsConsLoad timesBugs (IN MULTIPLAYER. I had a single crash in single player then never had the problem again.)Frame rate issues at times when lots of Xenos spawn (I would assume)
76561197989441712,Not Recommended,298900,28367025,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Metti-Machetti,"So, how is the game?Honestly I don't know, because in the first mission, the game crashes after ca. 5min. Always. At the same point. Checking game data or setting the game to lowest settings doesn't change anything about it.My opinion: wait for the developers to fix the game, but do not touch it before they did."
76561198003867060,Not Recommended,298900,28367012,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Element,"What was I thinking...It is 2016 and we have games coming out like this that set the UI back to the early 2000's. I was cringing for every minute of playtime. Before you say anything, I understand there ""may"" be a good game underneath all the cringe and decade old interfacing that limits me to, not even 1920x1080 but I am not going to play any more to find out. My recommendation is try it and get your refund before the 2 hr/14 day mark.Overall, very displeased with the game. The store page images and trailer build this game up to something it isnt.Average guys like me that play multiple game will put this behind a wall of better games in the lost and found."
76561198085325795,Recommended,298900,28367340,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ZEGREATONE,"Great game! Very fun and has a little bit of a leaft 4 dead feel to it, which I love. The only issue I am seeing with this game are small bugs and FPS being capped/ low. I hope that they add updates to improve on the FPS and these little bugs. Over all  very fun!"
76561197966191800,Recommended,298900,28380206,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grimm,"PROWarhammer 40k bias. We've had a lot of bad 40k games over the past few years, and this one is the best of the bunch. That does not mean its a great game, but it's decent. The gameplay is like L4D. Its fun, and at higher difficulty very challenging if you're going for all the relics and exploring the hulk. Detail on the evironments is stunning. I've never seen the Warhammer 40k universe brought to life like this before. Finding a cadian living quarters, and an officer's room where he barricaded himself in a tried to survive, and finding a mini story through the detail was amazing. This experience has been repeated a dozen times within only these short 6 hours. Exploring is a must.CONThe huge problem is what everyone already pointed out - performance. It runs like a wet noodle. I have a GTX 980 SLI rig and I turned off my SLI because it chugs the game. Even then I'm getting massive frame drops in random spots (BUT I havent crashed once, which is nice). The AI is pretty ""meh"" and you can tell its really meant to be played with other people. The enemy AI is swarm AI and decent. Nothing amazingly good or bad. Already you can tell its a L4D shooter and in that might get boring if thats not your thing.RESULTI'd say wait for a few patches and pick it up later when its running smoother. The game is already on the cheap side at 30 bucks for an unreal 4 engine foundation. If you're a 40k fan you'll get your money's worth in my opinion."
76561198006645240,Not Recommended,298900,28383379,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alkabides,"Oh man, if you like terribly loooong load times this game is for sure the one for you. Gameplay is off. Overall for a not F2P game this game has almost no polish and is buggy as hell. Did I mention load times are outrageous?"
,Recommended,298900,32815771,Posted: 26 June,all,SPUNKMYER,"Captured the amazing atmosphere of the 40k uninverse! Such a joy to play, single player has an ok campiaghn not great but ok, combat feels great. couple of downsides are that you dont feel asif you are if a termintor suit and lack of wepons and pysic varity"
76561197970324650,Not Recommended,298900,28462743,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,DTYK,"Honestly, I think this game feels great, and looks amazing. However, I can't sustain a multiplayer session for more than 10 minutes without the game crashing or getting disconnected.It's really a shame, and I have asked for a refund. If I get it, I might revisit it when it's in a more playable state. It's a real damn shame.TL:DR - I can't recommend the game in its current state."
76561198002875535,Recommended,298900,28395372,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MHI,"Space hulk seriously has some issues right now some make it unplayable, if they fix those things that are wronge i think its a fun game to play with friends if you just wanna shoot loads of aliens if that doesnt sound fun then dont get it cause thats basiclly all you do."
76561197962061688,Recommended,298900,28477224,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Stazbumpa,"Ok so this is what I think:This game looks amazing, the atmosphere is one of the best I have ever experienced and the developers deserve a gold star for the whole feel of the game. This game is completely soaked in 40K lore.Sound is also amazing, the hulk creaks and groans, you can here the enemy scraping in pipes and behind doors. Plenty of ""WTF was that?!"" moments. There is no sound track in game and this is definitely a good thing for it needs none.Enemy AI is actually pretty good, I've seen genestealers diving out of the way of fire, looking for alternate routes to you when they know you're covering a corridor, and dropping on all fours to avoid your bolter shells while they scuttle towards you.Multiplayer is so much fun, I've just played with 2 friends and it was a genuinely intense and fun experience. Stay together no matter what, run off and Rambo if you want to get torn apart in short order.I have only reached about halfway through the 2nd chapter on single player but what I've seen so far is very good. Play it with headphones on and the lights off :-)What's not so good?The quick orders menu needs a little work, it's not the best although a large part of this for me is tied into the ""reversing the Y axis on the mouse problem"" in that flipping the axis means you flip it for first person but also the orders menu and the tactical map screen as well. This is the opposite of intuitive and is a real pain. Also opening the tac map happens with one button, closing requires another or a mouse click on ""resume"". It would be nice to have open/close on the same button.This game has had a completely unfair bashing on the Steam forums, and most of that came from idiots who tried running the game on a potato, got their refund but then insisted on hanging round the forums to cry about it for several days afterwards. The negative review data is therefore flawed and unreliable. If there are any game breaking bugs then I have not witnessed any so far, a friend with his all AMD setup had no issues hosting and running the game.He crashed once, although that was most likely due to another program suddenly running an auto update.TL;DR: This game is great fun. Would purge again.My specs for those who care:i7 Ivybridge (no O/C), GTX 1080, 8 Gb RAM, 2x SSD (1 OS, 1 Games), Acer 1440p super wide monitor."
76561198099013025,Recommended,298900,32422586,Posted: 14 June,all,Volksgrenadier Gavin,"""5/10 it was okay."" - Rogal Dorn"
76561198007849720,Not Recommended,298900,28382411,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mr. Night,"This is my first review, and unfortunately it is a negative one.I pre-ordered this game b/c I'm a big fan of the series. What I got was a bug filled mess where half of the features don't work correclty.Pros;-Looks good(ish) on 3440x1440... and thats about it.Cons;-Controls suck donkey balls.-poorly optimized.-doesn't feel like there is any melee conbact. Just button mashing. Hitting something with your sword just feels like hitting air. Dev's reallyt f***ed this up. They should have taken a leaf out of Vermintide's book.-S*** intro.Save your money. This game needs A LOOOOOOT more work before it's worth even half of the $40 that is charged for it."
,Recommended,298900,28483387,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,smetch,"Ok so basically I'm gonna give this a yes, mainly because I want to like this game.It has a great feel to it, very dark with an immersive feeling, it plays much how you would expect an FPS version of Spacehulk, the class system and loadout system are nice.The only thing I would thing I'd change would be to add some feeling of overall progression in multiplayer.If you like GW games and FPS you will probably enjoy this game, although it may be worth waiting for a sale."
76561198029822400,Not Recommended,298900,30028291,Posted: 19 February,all,Nephistal,39.99€.Get ripped.
,Recommended,298900,28410021,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Flopsy,"Fun and has a detailed enviroment, the singleplayer AI is a little dumb but thats all I've had a problem with thus far."
,Recommended,298900,28561017,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,=W.A.B=Venturion,Game is alot of fun so far seems to work Great and bug free so far on my computer on high and max graphics. Although i have heard others having issues. I love the detail so far of the game the eary atmosphere and the skittering of Nids before you see them. then just laying a spray of bullets down with a heavy bolter! But 1 thing bad I must say so far is the AI team mates can get annoying and stupid at times. But all in all a good game and must for a warhammer 40K fan.
76561198201590643,Recommended,298900,28624870,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Aigis,"Some people say it's a bad game but I can assure you it is quite fun and very satisfying to kill genestealers in the Emperor's name. Melee combat is a little clunky though and there is no chat or voice system for communication in multiplayer but overall it is very fun. Campaign is a little repetetive with the objectives but if you like to serve the Emperor then totally a worth buy.P.S:-""Only in death does duty end."""
76561197972119305,Not Recommended,298900,28366290,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LeftyRighty,"No built in voip. So if you want to fight past the technical bugs, frame drops, ui/ux and other issues,do so with friends with access to your own voip.The pub servers are comical. Basics like ""sticking together"", ""firearcs"", ""falling back to choke points"", ""not walking infront of each other and blocking shots"" are next to impossible let alone slightly more advanced ideas like Assaults letting the gunners thin the hoard before smashing them to protect the reloads (you know, rather than charging directly into the hoard and getting swarmed from all sides whilst blocking the gunners shots and dying... Deathwing, not Death Company after all)"
,Not Recommended,298900,28366262,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ButtHole Slaughter,"I literally cant play game as there is fps drop at 98% of the game. Was able to play the tutorial and got to the actual game and cant even make it down the stairs after you leave the pod, as soon as i get out of the menu and turned all my graphics to the lowest settings the game still would not play. When it decided to work(only in the menu and the tutorial level) the game worked smoothly, not even when I used the Psgate did the game run better in the armory area still could not go anywhere as the game literally stayed at 1 fps for most of it."
76561197974262920,Recommended,298900,33949022,Posted: 1 August,all,Kael,"Great game, very few flaws but most importantly still seeing love from the devs. Grab on sale if your unsure. I ran it on a entry level machine with a geforce gtx 1050 2mb thrown in on high settings and had no issues with performance."
,Not Recommended,298900,28454218,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Irish Mad Man 23,"You're not fast enough to create a chase, you're not tough enough to tank it out.  You're the only team of terminators in the Imperium that has to watch out for autogun fire.  Play Space Marine, then play this, then ask yourself why a power-armored captain gets more done than a veteran librarian in terminator armor.  Atmosphere is great, graphics are intense... I kind of expected to do terminator things as a terminator though."
76561198006883046,Not Recommended,298900,29315912,Posted: 17 January,all,multani14,i cant even start a fight it crahses every time i open the first door in the start of the game. did the update and i can walk a little further and then it crashes again.
76561197973190352,Recommended,298900,29302616,Posted: 16 January,all,Napoleon Blownaparte,"I like this game.  A lot.  A whole lot.  I'll admit that I'm a WH40K fan boy from way back, and so I tend to look at all the games through rose-tinted glasses.The scenery is beautiful and detailed.  They've captured the feel of these gargantuan derelict space craft, from the expansive ceremonial halls containing statues, sarcophagi, and tgowering stained glass windows, to the claustrophobic engineering tunnels with wires strewn about, flickering lights, and skeletons of past inhabitants practically everywhere.I haven't experienced the problems so many others are complaining about.  But, many are not the kinds of things I'd notice.  If you're fairly casual and play games for the story and scenery and your computer can handle it, this game is fantastic.  If the problems laid out by other reviewers are the kind of thing that would drive you crazy, then I've just wasted a minute of your time."
,Not Recommended,298900,29302748,Posted: 16 January,all,xn0o0cl3,"I got Space Hulk: Deathwing because I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of EYE: Divine Cybermancy, and I was beyond excited to see Streum put out something new. I didn't know anything about 40k coming in. I wish they'd just been able to release another EYE game though, because this, sadly ain't great. All you're doing is moving across massive levels at a crawl, completing very simple objectives (pick up this thing, defend this point, push this button, etc.), while hordes of enemies with uninspired AI occasionally appear. Experience isn't directly related to killing enemies, so mowing down xenos feels unrewarding and quickly becomes a chore that drags levels out even more.It's a beautiful game, and looking at the different ship aesthetics was a real pleasure, but the gameplay just isn't there to back up the impressive visuals. I was lucky and didn't get any of the performance issues that so many are experiencing, but even then I can't recommend this. Boring game/10."
76561197990788695,Not Recommended,298900,28419669,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Grand Nagus,"Quite honestly, this game sucks. Excellent idea, horrible execution. The interface is junk (it's like something ripped off a 1990's video game), there was no music (although I suspect this was a bug), all the melee combat has the exact same generic swooshing sound, nothing sets this game apart from every other generic point and click shooter game. It just doesn't feel like anything unique."
76561198277017178,Recommended,298900,30544946,Posted: 16 March,all,I am a Respectful professional,Its a realy good 40k game great graphics and I have been geting a steady 60fps through the whole game pleases dont think its a bad game
,Recommended,298900,28411803,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Captin' Cuddles,I came
76561198042933938,Not Recommended,298900,28395437,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Futurecity100,Games a ♥♥♥♥ing slide show
76561198057876404,Recommended,298900,34178850,Posted: 11 August,all,Lichtstad999,"awesome game, flawed immensly by bugs, lags, and lack of content/ weapons.Could've been great, now too frustrating to play. ( I keep on trying though)Sob"
76561197994734348,Recommended,298900,29349165,Posted: 18 January,all,Bellator,"What can I say... this game was a mess. I only recommend because I love Warhammer 40k, so it was overall positive (if only just). Here's a short pro/con list.CON: TERRIBLE AI (friend and enemy), lackluster story, highly unsatisfying ending, lack of enemy variety, several major UI design flaws, levels 8/9 are the SAME IDENTICAL MAP AS 5/6 (9 maps total, thats 22% boys), ugly/disappointing textures (especially in the prep area you see before EVERY mission, I mean come on Games Workshop....), no expansion to the universe or lore, used only existing canon.PROs: satisfying weapons, captured Warhammer 40k feel, VERY cool map layout (especailly with symmetry/asymmetry facets). Relatively fun multiplayer (eliminates the SUUUUPER frustrating friendly AI).Overall, a disappointing title, even for 35$. At a bare minimum, the friendly AI could have been improved to be less achingly frustrating (blocking shots, ignoring attackers), and give it an adequate ending cinematic!!! The intro was decent, so what happened? Run out of budget. Finished the campaign (with 100% optionals) in 6.5 hours.TLDR: 4/10, buy ONLY when its less than 15$, play on easy/medium so you don't feel cheated by the horrible friendly UI in story, or get friends to play with you."
,Recommended,298900,34870363,Posted: 10 September,all,STEALTHCOYOTE,Very Noice Game Nice Graphics Would Be Better If The Game Had Voice Chat
76561197974143914,Not Recommended,298900,28433323,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TrailerParkJedi,"I wanted to like it. I can't find any redeeming qualities about this game.You can collect relics on every map, but they have no lore on them, just a name.The NPCs stand in front of turrets a lot.Most of the missions are run to this side of the map, now run to the other side.The NPC healer should have an adjustable setting, so you can have him auto-heal at a threshold... it's no fun pulling up a radial menu to have him heal his buddy, while you could be still shooting filthy xenos.Speaking of xenos, I was originally thinking that since this was a space hulk, I'd see some chaos marines and some orks... but it doesn't look like that's a thing.I've read the multiplayer has a lot of issues, but I haven't tried it."
76561197983194719,Not Recommended,298900,28452481,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Duranu,"Amazing atmosphere.  The graphics really pull me in to the world I remember while playing with the tabletop miniatures.  The environment is richly detailed.  The sounds further draw you in.  The maps are constricting and at the same time, feels right.I'm filled with memories of the tabletop game, having all my miniatures laid out, and getting all hyped to play...Then your drunk friend bumps into the table, scattering miniatures and map pieces everywhere, forcing you to start over.So then you set everything back up, get a few turns in, a heated battle commences...  and your drunk friend flops onto the table again, trying to do his best impression of a snow angel.Frustrated, you start to set up again, and same friend vomits on all your pieces.Then you murder that ex-friend, you're spilling lye everywhere in an effort to get rid of the body, and now that it's quiet, you set the game up again.When the cops bust in, ramming into the table in the process, scattering pieces all over, and next thing you know, you're someone's butt buddy in a jail cell.tl;drIf you can stay in the game long enough to finish a level without getting booted from a server, you've hidden your friend's body exceptionally well.  This was released way too early."
76561198244782196,Not Recommended,298900,28800231,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bigraver16,one of the worst games on steam..multiplayer is useless and extremely buggy with no pointthe gameplay is soooo boring i could fall asleepway to expensive and free to play games can be 1000 times betterits like no mans sky all over againDO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! EVEN IF IT GOES ON SALE BUY A GAME THAT DOESNT LIE AND IS FULLY COMPLETE!second biggest let down of the year..bravorefund.
76561197985064110,Recommended,298900,34201977,Posted: 12 August,all,Vanguard,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ally AI and crashes in Multiplayer are a big NO GO. Hope those will find a fix. The game is pretty unstable in MP and SP.Otherwise it´s a nifty shooter with a few drawbacks ( Like no real MP progression system or a horrible recoil thatgives you headache when you zoomed your weapon ) that´s quite enjoyable. The game feels somewhat unfinished and cut short. If you manage to get to play an entire chapter of the game without a crash, especially in Co-op, it´s quite a blast."
76561198014242846,Not Recommended,298900,28400307,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tohveli,"Weak.That is all I can say about this game.All I wanted was a decent fps game that hails to gamesworkshop.And I got none of that. And I cannot understand why.If nothing was finished, ok. I certainly could live with that.I still would have bought the pre order, because I am a fan of the universe. But I would have much preferred to push the release untill I got a finished product.Currently it feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥done on a great engine and toolset. I bet your budget was designed by someone with ""marketing"" experience. In future, hitmen cost way less than this."
76561198042037872,Recommended,298900,28414436,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Shark-Bait-XXX,"Awww I sooo wanted to really love this game, (and I do). But much has been said about this game by others that is true, i.e frame rate drop during combat (im running an AMD 8350 16GB ram and a GTX 1070) and getting major fram rate drops not even in combat?? Graphics are pretty good but for some reason i expected more? The videos i have watched on youtube looked awesome (im running the game at 2K) however still does not look as nice?? No crashes as such for me or bugs that I have encountered but i have only played it for a couple hours. Only playing SP at the moment, the AI seems okay! The voice acting IMO is not right as they repeat the same lines way to much and thought that their would be a little more 'gruffness' to their voices??All things considered (as I could go on and on), Its an OKAY game but not the polished game i was expecting...Hopefully future patches will remedy this... this seems to be the norm these days, as these software houses release these games and then patch them to high heaven. Deux Ex for example...Need I say anymore.This does get a thumbs up from me, but only because I'm hoping that in time it will be the game that it should have been on launch."
76561198008904422,Not Recommended,298900,28384940,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sharku,"The multiplayer is buggy as ♥♥♥♥, crashes, disconnects and no saved progress...Level ups are just gone after the game.The Multiplayer is not playable at the actual stage of the game!"
,Recommended,298900,28473689,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Theeangryvegan,It's better than I expected. Hope the MP sticks around for awhile.Edit: 3/15/17 - It was DOA... not sure if anyone still plays it because I gave up when I couldn't find games almost from the get go.
,Not Recommended,298900,28366655,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Discount Mercenary,"Looks great, but where's the game? Someone said previously that the game is stuck between hoard and a strategic shooter, and you can really feel that. During the beta I wasn't able to get through a single match without having the group disconnected, and once again during the official release I still can't get through a game without the group D/C ing. The game is just really boring. So many cool looking things you can't interact with, and basically just standing still and spraying. Not to mention by the time you get to the boss creature it gets stuck behind a door and we just stand and spray once again..... I would rather play No Man's Sky."
,Recommended,298900,28909876,Posted: 1 January,all,Tobias Vandale [TIA],"The game feels amazing, the lore is 10/10 and the experience is really satisfying! Playing with a group of friends and gunning down a horde of slavering genesteelers running down a corridor whilst trying not to overheat your gun and keeping  everyone on your team alive and in one piece!"
,Recommended,298900,28366375,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ai no Senshi,"So much hate in the Steam Reviews lately.So much bugs in the game on release date.- This, Ladies & Gentlemen, is a true & blue Space Hulk simulator.I recommend to wait until it's patched.- If you're an enthusiast waiting for a good FPS version of Space Hulk, this is it.- Mileage(fps) varies depending on your PC upon release. AMD machines are more struggling.- i5, 960GTX, 8gb DDR4, and I'm running this maxed out except AA.Though on the matter of bugs: So did many other great games begin this way:- Fallout 2 was unplayable, inventory disappearing, BG2 had crash to desktop grade bugs in it, Fallout 4 had disappearing inventory items in it, with tons of crashes before it was fixed. Not to mention many other crowd favorites.This game? Has more soul in it than most present day pea-shooters combined.***- SP and MP are different game experiences in Space Hulk: Deathwing.In MP Equipment can be unlocked gradually and Codex Mode kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Everything unlocked in the beginning, but you're stuck with what you've got for the whole run. Everyone dies? Begin anew. Wish to change your gear? Not a chance, bob, like it should be.- Heavy Flamer might be SP only, but once you get it you know exactly why.Haters gonna hate, but this... is the biggest surprise of the 2016 in a good way. People just can't deal with Technical difficulties like they used to, and I get that. They don't wish to wait, and they should not if they don't want to.- Me? This is the best new iteration of the Vengeance of Blood Angels. I'm having a ball."
76561198007051238,Not Recommended,298900,28822831,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,leroythibaud,"I'm a huge fan of W40K and have been playing Space Hulk since the second version of the board game (yes, I believe I'm older than most of you :)). Yet, I cannot recommend this game in this current state.Pros:- The background and ambiance is definitely here. Thumbs up.- Weapons are well balanced.- Terminators are a LOT more resistant than in board game, but why not.Cons:- You have to spend hours looking for relics but you cannot use them at the end / they cannot impact gameplay. Why ? Frustrating.- Missions are too long, until you get bored (average 1h per mission for me). To the point you hesitate when you die and have to start again from scratch. Frustrating.- XP system stands between useless and not very useful. Frustrating.In short each mission is super long until you get bored, and they don't even give you something to look forward to when finding the next relic. A pity, it would be quite easy to fix: less relics but that you can actually use, unique items systems (eg. loot special item at the end of each mission), XP system where you can allocate points to specialize your characters into something, etc.I will stop playing until the few next patches are out, see what they decide to do with this game. Hopefully they don't waste the potential."
,Recommended,298900,33055897,Posted: 30 June,all,TerrorMango,"Awesome game, good graphics, combat feels meaty.Doesn't deserve the ""Mixed"" reviews."
76561197967742855,Recommended,298900,28834964,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nathan Wind,"Two caveats - I haven't tried multiplayer and I'm not a massive 40k nerd that gets his knob in a knot because they didn't render the left foot of the first-gen Genestealer Hybrid quite right.As a single player game this is dripping with atmosphere. It looks and sounds great and hits the oppressive vibe of the board game.  Play on ""Hard"", wear headphones and soak up all the creaks and groans of the ship as you stomp along. It's about trudging slowly around twisting, maze-like corridors and smashing through anything stupid enough to get in your way until you get overrun.  It's not clever or thrilling, there isn't anything much in the way of progression and the story is there to enable the action and not much else - but what it is, is a solid rendition of Space Hulk which nails the feeling of prevailing against all odds.It has its issues.  I've experienced a crash to dektop, a lock-up and a BSOD in the five or six hours I've put into it so far.  In general though, it has been running pretty well (i54690k, GTX970, 16GB) on high settings.  The squad stuff is very basic.  Kind of reminds me of Republic Commando in a ""move there""/""follow me"" way.I think the devs have done a great job of capturing the feel of the game and after a patch or three this will be destined to become a bit of a cult hit."
76561198116016235,Recommended,298900,28441337,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ciel,<<welp the game is awsome >>  but i bet if the people gave u more time to fix more of the bugs the game would work real good.
76561197988174755,Not Recommended,298900,28444374,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,N1. Nerdskies,"There are load screen for its load screens. Typical Sighanide game to be honest, they are a terrible developer. The game crashes constantly too, and there is no level progression. everytime you start another mission you are back to level 1 again."
,Not Recommended,298900,28440147,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gasper Puffs,"It just isn't finished yet, I want to love you."
,Recommended,298900,28442128,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[§ρ£ςเαℓ] ۩۞۩Bobby۩۞۩,"Honestly, I believe anyone reviewing so soon to release is kinda jumping the gun. But I'm a hypocrit so screw me amr.The singleplayer is very good, the immersion, atmosphere, and the good voice acting make it so. The gunplay is also fun imo, except with the assualt cannon.The multiplayer needs work, not in the gameplay department, but rather in convenience. The load times kill it, and sometimes you will crash in the middle of the loading screen. I rarely see crashes in the middle of game (really only once has it happened to me)Overall, I believe this game needs a few optimizations and less shaky loading screen to be perfect. My computers pretty dope, so I don't have many issues with performance, but my friends tend to have a problem with it."
,Recommended,298900,28442463,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,badminton,"Single player is fantastic. If you're happy with that then I recommend it.Co-op is still a work in progress (hopefully), so if you're looking for Vermintide: 40k then maybe wait and see if they fix/update it first. Almost all of the negative recommendations are only co-op related."
,Recommended,298900,28365344,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Destiny Miyagi,"Best warhammer game i've ever played! love how ur forced to play together in mp! big tumps up from me, 5 out of 5"
,Recommended,298900,28380354,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,W0LFM4N,Honestly I like the game ALOT. Its usually not my style but I understand the mixed reviews. I didn't read the comments really but Im ure someone has some sh**ty pc that the somehow got the game to run on a Floppy disk (must be Space Hulk from 93') but yet they still got issues. Game is good fun a little Pricey but if you want to try another game like this if you enjoy it play Warhammer Vermintide. But Space Hulk waited 2 yrs for and I agree it needs more polishing but I've spent more on a lesser quality product. This game is pretty great.
,Recommended,298900,28380386,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Big Tθblerθne,"Not really sure what all the fuss is about. The game isn't perfect but I've had nothing but fun with it so far. The optimization doesn't seem to be a problem for me like it was in the beta, framerates and everything are fine. I haven't run into any actual bugs either. The only issue I've run into is some really long loading times, but aside from that the game is awesome. The combat is lots of fun, gunning down hoardes of enemies, but it's still challenging enough to keep you focused. All in all, you have to remember that this is a StreumOn game, and just roll with the punches."
76561198129198391,Not Recommended,298900,28380392,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,hitman,hell to the no. -asian does not approve!wish it was better
76561198143795073,Recommended,298900,28502585,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mitrixlance,"This is a good game, if you like this kind of game (hordes of monsters, kill or die), i like it, but the problem with multiplayer there are few servers, its good to play online, really recomended, because you will enjoy it more than play the offline campain where you can only choose one class, and have to command the AI."
76561198129640964,Recommended,298900,28455908,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Nutmut,"It's fun. But play with friends. It's much better with friends.Seems poorly optimized though. Low frame rates can persist even with high tier gear.Friendly fire is funny, but makes some weapons just kinda unusable."
,Not Recommended,298900,28423859,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Raiden777,"It pains me to write this review. I really wanted to enjoy this game, I played it during one of the beta phases and fell in love with it. In terms of gameplay, graphics/graphical style, and just general design, it's a great game.However, the devs are ♥♥♥♥ing incompetent.The state the game launched in should have been the next beta build instead. Multiple friends of mine are reporting technical issues, and within 40 minutes of gameplay, my game locked up and froze for 5-15 seconds three times, failed to render some walls, and all of the ceiling, and then Fatal Error crashed to desktop. I can't speak of any framerate issues as I wasn't really paying that much attention to the framerate (and I can't notice 30/60 unless they're side by side). Then throw in a rather serious bug (objectives did not show on map, or hud for multiple players at a time. Of our group of three, we never once in those 40 minutes had a time where we all had the objective marker) and you've got a game that is not worthy of release status.This is especially abhorrent, because the game had already suffered multiple delays. And when developers will push their game back, you expect, when you finally get the finished product, for it to be a properly polished, release-standard game, rather than some buggy, unoptimized garbage, more than you would for devs that don't delay it.Unfortunately, for now I'm getting a refund on this purchase. Once the devs improve their act, and fix the game, I'll probably buy it again. But as for now, I feel my money would be better off used on something else."
,Not Recommended,298900,29780777,Posted: 8 February,all,SALTYtheSACK,"Game is broken and the mechanics is flawed.Its essentially the same level 9 times over for SP with horrible AI you need to rely on and no MP base for any online experiences that might have been fun, if the game worked.Maybe something here if you a W40K fanboy, the renviroment and atmosphere are well done...but even then I'llwait for a massive sale."
76561198006106125,Not Recommended,298900,29776327,Posted: 7 February,all,Han,terrible
76561198134504747,Not Recommended,298900,32646989,Posted: 22 June,all,Papa Panzerschreck,"repetitive gameplay, stupid af ai, useless weapons and literally 100% dead multiplayer"
76561198006521729,Not Recommended,298900,33782581,Posted: 25 July,all,Slappin Like Patton JHeartless,What a beautiful mess this game is.Pros: It looks great and its fun when it doesnt glitch outCons: It glitches out alot and lacks some polishWhere to begin with this game. I was a fan of the Orginal Space Hulk from the PC. This captures the gameplay very well. Its graphics are beautiful and the atmosphere is great. But thats where the positive ends. This game has so many bad game breaking bugs its pathetic.1.) It tends to load the game before you can see or do anything. So if you saved it via a psygate (the only way I could seem to save the game) when you come back you tend to be in the middle of a gene stealer dog pile. You can hear them so you know its loaded but cant do anything until the video and UI load.2.) If you play a psyker as the antagonist is a Librarian its obsessed with reseting your skills to the two starter skills everytime you refit.3.) Sometimes it will load your skills and they just dont work until you reload which wouldnt be so bad if....4.) The load times werent so terrible...5.) I tried two multiplayer games and ummmm yeah each time the whole group were frozen and venting about the bugs.The bed rock is there for a great Space Hulk game but the devs must be amatuers. What a shame.
76561198319347216,Recommended,298900,29789067,Posted: 8 February,all,mattdesantis91,I like the game but I just wish that they had a save feature so that you could save at any time.
76561198142477054,Not Recommended,298900,32500196,Posted: 17 June,all,Uzi Got Back,"The gameplay is so burdensome. I know you're in a giant mechanized suit of armor, and the moement is supposed to be realistic of that, but every step is grueling. This is the only game I've ever layed that's made me feel motion sick. Just imagine the slow running-through-mud parts of other FPS games that you absolutely hate, and can't wait to get through, and prolong that for the entirety of the game, then add a lubering motion. Awful."
,Recommended,298900,28368127,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,You are entering PowerXL ship
,Not Recommended,298900,28385607,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,poisonsoup,"trailers awesome, game is not."
,Recommended,298900,28439510,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AlexSledge,"Space Hulk: Deathwing plays very similar to other four person cooperative first person titles such as Left4Dead, Vermintide, and Dead Island. It's initial release still has the occasional glitch, but the core play is solid, and highly immersive in the Warhammer 40,000 universe. I love that they've included the full pantheon of Tyranid opponents, so there's a great variety of enemies compared to the original table top game which had only Genestealers.If you like Space Hulk and first person shooter style games, you will like this."
76561197990232526,Recommended,298900,28368125,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BM-13,"Well, this is going to divide opinion, I'm sure of it.If you played Space Hulk, like WH40K and consequently have felt the urge to be a 7 foot tall psychic killing machine in massive power armour facing unending waves of Xenos filth in gothic spaceships left behind for centuries in the uncaring void then this is the game for you.  It really, really is.  I cannot emphasise enough just how much this nails the look and feel.However, if you're after a FPS with a sci-fi theme then you're probably going to feel short changed.  You don't get to duck or jump or climb or swap weapons during play, there's not a massive amount of customisation and the missions and maps will be a bit samey.PROS:  Abolutely nails the source material look and feel so you can be a Terminator.  Or as near as you're going to get.CONS: Absolutely nails the source material look and feel.  So those looking for a game that is a FPS first will be disappointed,As to performance issues, my i5/GTX970 rig moves along fine at 2560 by 1440 with no issues that I noticed.  YMMV."
76561197965499203,Recommended,298900,28385619,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fluoxetine,"If you're a fan of the Space Hulk games, specifically Vengance of the Blood Angels, this is a near-perfect sequel.The Good- Great graphics that run well at maximum settings even without the latest hardware.- Classic strategic Space Hulk gameplay with all the options and planning fans are looking for.- Great allied CPU a.i., so if you DON'T want to mess with strategy and keep it simple you can.- Dynamic enemy placement, great enemy variety.- Relatively simple controls that recreate the Space Hulk experience properly.The Bad- HUD interface could use some fluff- I've heard that only hosts can play through multiplayer story mode and have to read what's happening to their allies. This is silly.The Ugly- non-Space Hulk fans will probably wonder why everyone is so calm and subdued, and why their characters are moving so slowly.- They'll probably also start wondering about the repetitive gameplay.In short if you're into Space Hulk, or you have an open mind to a strategic swarm fps, get Deathwing."
76561198012204539,Recommended,298900,28385760,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bezzybear,"I don't wright many reviews but I had to put something out for this. This game has good points and bad. Good points are well they game play is great! very dark and cold with a tense atmosphere just what you would expect from 40k and when the fighting starts it becomes a blood bath and the AI can make it very chaotic which is great. Bad points tho and these are big, I've had only about 30+mins game play out out of my 2.3hrs so far. this is dew to long loading in screens, even when just loading the game up to the main menu and mostly getting diconnected from servers even before joining a game. so just spamming quick play hoping to play as a team. So in my opinion they need to fix or get better servers and increase the speed of the loading screens.  Untill that is sorted im 50/50 on telling people to get this game in my mind. I hope they get those issues sorted cause the game play is great its just getting into the game to play."
76561198062804653,Recommended,298900,28385419,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MarkusTheLonelyRedPanda,"Ok, I don't usually do alot of game reviews, but I think this game deserves one. So far, the game has been pretty fun for me. I saw alot of people complaining about performance issues and massive FPS drops, but those are probably people with less beefy computers. I can say though that the performance can be a bit choppy sometimes, but it's nothing a player can't handle. The combat in the game seems fun, and some of the enemies are terrifying. My only problem with the game so far is the multiplayer. Every time I try to join a match, it disconnects me with an error. Overall, if you have a good computer, like Warhammer, like FPS games, and are okay with mostly singleplayer missions until they fix multiplayer, then this could be a fun game for you.Purge the xenos!"
,Recommended,298900,28385438,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gimpman69,"Had a few crashes with the tutorial. changing settings didnt help. however after 3-4 attempts i got through it. once out of the tutorial no problems what so ever, on the thrid mission so far and loving it!"
,Recommended,298900,28385732,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RemovalForce,"Deathwing is certainly a little rough around the edges, with some optimization issues. However, the core of the game is excellent and they've managed to nail the 40k atmosphere better than any other game I've seen, execpt for maybe final liberation.I suggest prospective buyers wait a month or two for some more patches to come out"
76561198003311948,Recommended,298900,28517837,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,JoeShmoe,"Good game especially for the price. Alot like L4D, coop is very fun. Hopefully funding this game will lead to Deathwing2 with more features/modes in the future."
76561198118511896,Recommended,298900,32967040,Posted: 28 June,all,lee_the_paladin,THE MOST DETAILED WARHAMMER 40K GAME SO FAR. i LOVE IT.
,Recommended,298900,34411791,Posted: 22 August,all,Kaecyus,"A fantastic interpretation of the Space Hulk setting that while brief in it's singleplayer, has extra time in the multiplayer that makes the purchase worthwhile. The environments are claustrophobic, very dark and gothic to suit the setting, with a few open areas that bring a sense of dread as opposed to relief as open areas typically mean more spawn points for the Xenos scum to appear from.On the downside, sometimes audio files don't play, or are delayed; I've only ever had this happen in the briefings and since there's a text scroll always on the screen while the audio is playing, it's not a deal breaker.I hope the developers get more tie-ins with WH40k, as they definitely know how to represent the visuals, the lore to a point (given how simple the missions are), and the atmosphere that games like Deathwing needed to work."
,Recommended,298900,28388829,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,VonWolfman,"I know nothing of the lore of warhammer 40k, just thought this game looked cool. Played the first two chapters and am very happy with purchase. Game runs smooth on my old i5-2500k 8gb ram and a rx480 8gb with the graphics set to the highest they go.Will update if anything goes wrong, but so far no bugs, gameplay is good. Kinda like Left for Dead 2 with some squad commands that you can use but with hard♥♥♥♥♥metal dudes in space suits with guns and swords... which works for me."
76561198006838964,Not Recommended,298900,28617155,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alaitoc,broken.....so broken.
76561197989845705,Recommended,298900,28736572,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ifrite,I love 40k and this game is worth the fair price
76561197970838019,Recommended,298900,28366807,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cyker,"Ok alot of the negative reviews are from people who've played the game maybe 1-2..3 hours. It's the first day of launch and people who throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥fits. It takes time. Yes the bug where you cant sprint, attack, melee or do anything sucks. The crashing and fatal errors suck. But at least give them time to apply their first patch. I personally love the game even with the errors. It really sucks having your host get kicked and losing your progression for that chapter.The graphics, weapons, the way the attacks and ambushing are alot of fun. Its Left 4 Dead on a geneseed !. The roles for everyone are awesome. I look forward to the games first patch and a majoirty of these issues being fixed. Even with the crap Ill keep at it with the game. Dont expect a flawless performance.Play it ! Have fun ! Be patient. Kill Xenos"
76561198035648683,Recommended,298900,28369277,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Stevenman556,"This game is fantastic so far, Im not really into Warhammer or any of the lore but I feel right at home with the setting, gameplay, and overall feel of the game. Fantastic job! Campaign and multiplayer both feel awesome."
76561198070829984,Recommended,298900,28380620,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,foolsidol,"So far its great, it looks good and is fun. No technical issues of any kind so far. I'll update after I finish the game."
76561198043566447,Recommended,298900,28381095,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Caudex Malleus,God-Emperor on a pushbike! 1000 cubic metres of genestealer innards.
,Recommended,298900,28381589,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ookla,"It's not doing well with a lot of people, and there are performance issues for some people, but not for me. Glorious, bloody, and unforgiving. I love it. They nailed the look and feel. It's dark, creepy, and unsettling. Just like it should be."
76561197989084563,Recommended,298900,28386909,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pharithos,"I don't understand the negative reviews.  I have played in beta and the release last night and literally never encountered a single bug that wasn't a 'nid.  It's true -- assault cannon accuracy sucks.  Makes sense, feels good.  Storm bolters have a lower fire rate than I expected.  Plasma cannon is epic, Lighning Claws feel good (though I want Tyberos the Red Wake's Gauntlets instead).  It's a delight.  Sure, you can sprint which is a little lore-rough, but feels good and not too fast.  The first person is great, from being able to look up and see your crystalline matrix hood, to down and the inside of your gorget and your boots.  FPS is amazing.  My processor is 8+ years old and I have 12 gigs of RAM. Sure, I have a GTX 1070, but the rest of my computer is fit for a public library and I hold solid 60 fps.As always, I feel that the negative reviews on price and price point are coming from those that either don't get enough allowance or pocket money, or maybe need to get a 40 hours a week job.  It's a pretty cheap game with great visuals.Haven't tried online -- will update review when I have tried --  I hear the networking is still pretty rough."
76561198006696752,Recommended,298900,28391469,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Knife70,"Maybe The Emperor protects me, but up to now, I do the annoying tutorial, and the first mission, and IMHO this is the best SpaceHulk video game I ever played.There is still a good margin to improve it, but it is just released."
76561198000413475,Recommended,298900,28368512,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chips,"done first 2 chapters on co op, loving the game but need to work on bugs and some of the crashing when the host press's I, plus people randomly cant attack.love the look and feel, looking forward to its running smooth and some extra features they should add, not to mention why 4 man, a squad in the actual game is 5!"
76561198042383256,Recommended,298900,28388576,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,laurensgeneral,"I am four hours into the game now and must say it a very fun 40k space hulk experience. Especially because of the backlash the game is getting I felt the need to write a review myself. So far I would highly recommend this game to any space hulk or 40k fan.+Graphics, atmospehere and amazing level design+Feel like a terminator+Obliterate hordes upon hordes of genestealers+Heavy flamer-No save mechanic so either you reach the objective or try again from level startI have not used the multiplayer as of yet so do not know how well it does or does not work. But I can say the singleplayer is amazing thus far!"
,Recommended,298900,28395910,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sugary,"if youre thinking of getting this, just keep in mind it's by the EYE devs and ask if you're bothered by really clunky interface and bugs enough to not like a game; knowing that, if you want a fun pve slaughterfest for a reasonable price and are also a 40k fan, this game is coolbetter than killing floor 2 and eternal crusade at least"
76561198006981752,Recommended,298900,28366621,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,woody2k3,"The game looks beautiful, and has a good atmospheric feel to it.But every single multiplayer game from beta til now has crashed for me, every single one.  The longest i have been able to play multiplayer on this game for is about 15 mins.I still get crashes from press 'i' to access the inventory, which happened in the beta.I get crashes from ctrl+tab'ing.I get disconnect during loading or other people are disconnected from me while loading.A few fatal errors occur randomly.I cant really review the gameplay as, I havent had much oppourtunity to play it proper yet.  I can only hope the single player will work for now until the mutlplayer gets fixed.Know that I am really dissapointed and would advise people to stay away from purchasing until the networking problems have been resolved.For now im giving this a thumbs up (even though i want to give it a thumbs down), but you really should wait until they fix these issues before you purchase.TL;DR - Looks good, lots of connectivity issues, dont buy it yet, wait til they fix it."
,Recommended,298900,28366830,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,StondLeprecaun,"The environments are haunting, the groans and creeks of the ship make you feel lost in space, I've never seen the asethics of the 40k universe done so well in a game. Many people are complaining of performance issues, but with my AMD 8350, nVidia 970 and 16gb of RAM I've had no problems running the game; the only slow down I experience is when the game first launches, otherwise loading times are fine. As far as bugs are concerned the only one I've experienced is an odd one in single player where after hacking a turret my primary weapon gets reset. If you're a fan of the 40k universe there is a lot to love here."
76561198003997366,Recommended,298900,28368901,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Woody,"It's launch day and well, you get to deal with a few bugs outside of the game. So after about 5 hours I can say:- No major crashes or freezes (big improvement from the beta).- AI occasionally has some issues. Standing still or running in circles.- Weapons need some fine tuning. Some are just better than others (flamer FTW).- Story is solid and engaging.- Astatic is 2nd to none. Tip tip, zoom in on the purity seals.Despite the minor issues I can say I'm enjoying the game and it does what it says on the tin. Game feels good to play and stomping though the wrecked ships, blasting away is a lot of fun."
76561198008634161,Recommended,298900,28369072,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[oT] Separate,"I cant say much about the MP right now, but let me talk about the SP.I dont experience performance problems . I5 6600k is my Proc and Nvidia gtx 680 is my graphic card as most important components. So i really dont match the recommended Specs.Short test for Warhammer fans: 35 bucks ? Get it ! The level Design is absolutly glorious in terms of looking and the atmosphere is absolutly fitting. The Gameplay is pretty fun to me, but that could change from person to person since thats quite opinion based.If your no Warhammer fan you still may look into this game. Maybe youll find yourself falling in Love with the Setting and the Grim World of 40k."
76561198260605937,Recommended,298900,28381175,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Milkedburritto,"So this is my first warhammer game. I played space marine but I dont feel that that game was very important in deciding wether or not I will buy other games like this one. The gameplay is nice, really smooth, nice variety in weapons and lots of enemies in a level with tons to do in each level. Im 3 missions into the single player and each mission has taken around 40 minutes to an hour, longer when I felt like looking for artifacts. The Multiplayer is fun, the same as signle player but with people and seems to be quite alot more enemies in multiplayer. Community seems freidnly so far, even to a newbie such as myself. The only problem I have right now is the game is somewhat poorly optimized. I run my game at medium high setting and I get anywhere from 20 to 60 frames depending on the area of the map and number of enemies. Not really a huge problem, im sure they will fix it, it is day one after all.Fun game though, a nice change from whats out there currenntly in the fps market. Nice Game, just fix optimization."
,Recommended,298900,28381612,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lt. Pol Treidum,"Oof, where to start.So I will say that I have bought most Warhammer games in the past because I love the lore, I love what has been done with past games, and there has always been a nugget of gold in every game even if it's surrounded by poop.  For day one of release this game has that same feeling.Having played through the tutorial and the first mission I can say that the game looks great, gives a terrifying atmosphere, and represents what we wanted from the past Spacehulk games.  I feel like a Terminator and that's really all I was hoping for from this game.However, with the current FPS issue, the noodly rag doll physics, and the AI so far equating to L4D zombies (As in they run up, stand there for a second, then perform one of multiple attack emotes in a formless horde of overlapping skins), I'm a tad bit diasppointed.  I realize the next map has ranged units and that might change things up, but come on, the first impression is important here especially with a well known enemy.I fully expect the game to be updated in the future, but I would feel cheated if I got this game and had to wait for a performance update beyond the refund date for Steam.  For now I recommend it if you're a Warhammer fan, but if you're wanting another smooth L4D experience wait for a few updates."
76561197967058468,Recommended,298900,28389725,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FireDragon,"Great White North studiosSpace Hulk : Death WingGraphics: MaxFps: Had very minor drops  in some placesMulti: Have not played yet, waiting for a bit to check this out as always multi player will need tweaks.Single player:So far game is done quite well, one thing that I did was set head bob to low in options under game.as for weapon load outs haven't got very far.Movement/controls: they work for killing of xenos. Switched wepon zoom and melee controls.xeons: I like the swarms, excellent job - lock those doors..Level design: the levels are well done, feels like i'm there in the suit.This game so far has earned it's value to me.greatwhitenorthstudios.ca"
76561198101418561,Recommended,298900,28705345,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ArthVader,"I recommend this game but with certain reservations. The game at its current state is full of bugs, and it is a bit limited when it comes to variety in gameplay.  I have had fun playing the game with friends. What I enjoy about the game is the aesthetic, and how traversing the Space Hulk is a fairly fun adventure itself. I recommend this game only if you have friends to play it with, are a fan of the Warhammer 40,000 universe, and have a strong tolerance for bugs that may occur. This game has potential to be so much greater and I hope the developers fix the bugs in the game, and make some changes to add some more variety to make the gameplay a deeper experience."
,Recommended,298900,28365334,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ucial Thare,"My original review is below where I didn't recommend the game due to it being unplayable because of a 5 second freeze every time I pulled the trigger.I have now found a workaround due to some cpu bug, I don't know the specifics but by disabling one of my cores in the Affinty of the games process, the game now runs and really well and when I can play it I really like it.The publisher has announced the devs are working on a patch, but at this time there is no release date.Basically if the game works, its a fun play, as long as a patch comes out to fix other bugs I recomment it.OP:'Congrats Streum on studio, you will now be my first Steam refund.None of the issues I (and many others) had in the Beta have been addressed, even after delaying the release.Major and I mean really MAJOR frame rate issues, the game LOCKS UP when firing for around 5 seconds at a time and this is during the poxy tutorial, on default settings.My specs are i5 3.2GHz, 32 GB RAM Geforce GTX 970 with latest drivers, enough to run current games on default settings!A shtshow all round.If the game becomes playable in the future from patches etc I will look for it in a Steam sale, as if the game worked it would be a solid co-op shooter, but as it is at release I can't recommend it, because I can't facking play it!!!Gutted.'"
,Recommended,298900,28366626,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Anumati,Game looks good and plays great; But it has some bugs and needs some work though.
76561197991994586,Recommended,298900,28368944,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Falcon,"Rip-roaring sci-fi dungeon crawler fun. It's not very sophisticated, but it is is atmospheric and a blast.Pros:Fun gameplayGreat atmosphereMaze-like layout adds some 'orienteering' like aspects to levelsCons:Simplistic, lacks depthSome minor gameplay bugsPerformance issues for some peopleSome people seem to be having issues with framerate and performance. However, I have not had any of these problems and the game has been running smoothly with my GTX 980.I have only had a crack at the single-player campaign so far, so I cannot speak for the co-op side of things. There are a small number of gameplay bugs, issues with weapon loadouts and the odd glitch during voiceovers at key plot points. But they have not managed to detract from the fun of blasting genestealers for me hardly at all. Besides, a few bugs shouldn't be too much trouble to iron out with upcoming patches I'm sure.The claims of poor optimisation seem uncalled for given how well I have found it to run on my machine. That said, it certainly seems that it won't necessarily run this well depending on your particular rig. I only skimmed through about 10 or so reviews from other players who had framerate problems, those that stated it in their reviews indicated GT 1080 cards or equivalent. So I don't think it's a question of the game needing higher specs. Or even a question of turning down the settings necessarily. It may be more down to what hardware you happen to be running and issues with certain cards perhaps.The gameplay is simplistic but easy to drop into and it's fun to stomp around with big meaty weapons annihilating swarms of genestealers. The levels are atmospheric, labyrinthine and beautifully realised. However, it can sometimes be too much of a chore to stomp into every nook and cranny hunting for relics and easter eggs in your clompy Terminator Armour.TLDR:Enjoyable gameplay, if somewhat shallow. Great atmosphere. But potentially taking a risk with performance issues as some people seem to have them."
,Recommended,298900,28369134,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,hamatank,Great atmosphere! I give a thumbs up for this game
76561198099756813,Recommended,298900,28369533,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,StarBoy,"Finished first chapter and so far game seems really fun and cool. No performance issues so far. I am running GTX980 4GB, i7 6700HQ and 24GB ram on my Asus laptop. Only problem i had is that i cant connect other people servers. Most of times i get dissconnect error straight away.Without the Dark, there can be no Light,We have purposeWithout the Lie, there can be no Truth,We have purposeWithout the War, there can be no Victory,We have purposeWithout the Death, there can be no sacrifice,We have purposeWithout the Hope there can be no Future,We have purposeWithout the Loyalty there can be no one chapter,We have purposeWithout the Emperor, there is nothing,...And we would have no purpose"
76561198034074355,Recommended,298900,28380515,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,bankerit,"If you are a Warhammer 40K fan, you must play this great game! Haunting emersion and great FPS combat as a vengeful terminator! For the Emperor!!"
,Recommended,298900,28381560,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[TB] Konjus,Played though the first two missions and this game is BALLIN I love the 40K lore and aesthetic of big bulky cyborg men running into a mishmash spaceship to purge it from heresy. It is poorly optimized however.
76561198054468325,Recommended,298900,28381636,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Squizz_the_Droppy,"Initially I had some pretty poor optimization going on. I couldn't run my graphics quite the way I knew my computer could. I went past that hiccup and tried the game itself without worrying about graphics, and it's pretty intense (that depends on the level of gamer I guess). I've had one crash so far trying to join a multiplayer game, and I don't now if it's my computer overheating or the game itself, but I had some control issues.That's all the negative I have for it right there.Beyond that, I'd say that so far it's a game that's going to need updates, but is still playable to the point if you have a good friend and 4 hours to kill, this could easily be the game that does it.I'll just sum this up a little bit.Pro:A Space Marine chapter that isn't the Ultramarinesplenty of gorehordes. lots of 'ematmosphere (gloom, doom, gothic architecture, creaky space ships)fairly dynamic classesrandom exploding barrels (everywhere)spontaneously conjured explosions (see special abilities)Cons:Optimization (see negative reviews)multiplayer issues (again, see negative reviews)Once I had all of my weapon buttons cease to work. I couldn't aim, shoot, use special abilities, or melee. Basically, I was left pointing my mouse at things and yelling bang. I rejoined the game later and it wasn't a problem.I guess I would recommend the game to Warhammer 40k fans only as it is right now. The atmosphere is fantastically rendered. The attention to detail for the environment and on the terminator armor (such as seeing the librarian's hood for just that class in the periphery of your first person view point) is fantastic. For people looking for just a random game to try out, I wouldn't entirely dissuade, but I might wait a bit for the updates. The fights are intense, the gore is everywhere and the guns are massive. What else can you want from a horde based shooter? (besides reliability... I'm hoping that comes later)"
76561198029978125,Recommended,298900,28387849,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Otman,"I love this game.....finally a W40k game that gets the atmosphere right.I have  never seen such attention to details in any game......ever.Playing it on hard really keeps me on the edge of my sit, sound design is awesome, visuals are spectacular, the ships (maps) look soo good, AI works and actually manages to surprise me from time to time.Of course its not perfect, but for a W40k fan this is a must buy and the game we've been waiting for since.....well.....foreever.Still needs some performance improvments, but i haven't experienced any bugs and in ~6 hours i only got 1 crash.Now i only played de SP campaign so far, but i know they haven't change that stupid no permanent progresion COOP system.NOBODY is going to play COOP if we dont get permanent progresion and a loot sistem.Fire the guy who sugested that crap and do this right.You don't have to reinvent the wheel here, Vermintide does this very well, just go with that.Overall this is one of my favorite games in 2016.""I am wrath, I am steel, I am the mercy of angels""""The Emperor protects"""
76561198008896344,Recommended,298900,28391687,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ironsides,"Although I'd give this game a thumbs up, I'd recommend waiting before purchase. Unless you've got a top tier machine, you're going to have trouble playing the game as it was intended. Other than performance issues, it is a satisfying bug hunt, especially on the higher difficulties. If the developer continues to support the game, I think it'll become a niche classic."
76561198040786825,Recommended,298900,28387861,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TrueFranco,"Game is fun, I have not tried co-op yet but it should be fun play with friends.Graphics are top notch, and run perfect 60FPS with v-sync on, Max settings, on i7 with a 980ti, during horde rushe FPS can go to 28FPS but very playable.I recomend it ."
,Recommended,298900,28368326,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grave,"This game was always going to get fairly negative reviews. They had a fairly bad beta, and there's been a lot of naysayers from the start. Refunds galore!My honest opinion is that the game is good. Not great, not fantastic. It feels a bit like a mod. I don't believe it's worth the £30 mark. Maybe £15-20 depending how excited you are to stomp around in a giant suit of armour through a mess of giant ships, blowing the hell out of everything and everyone in your way. Actually, when I put it like that it sounds better than it is.tl;dr is just 'good, but not great'.If that's enough for you, you can stop reading now. For those curious for a bit more information, let me elaborate.Performance: The game runs alright. I know people are saying that they get FPS drops, but I'm just not seeing it... Or at least not noticing it that badly. I'm running on medium settings with a fairly budget machine and it seems to chug along fine. I did find one hang, and I think I quit a bit too early because I think the game was going to recover. Only a single blip of an issue though. So really not anything to complain about on my end.Gameplay: The shooting and moving mechanics are nice. They're not outstanding, but you can generally hit what you're aiming at which is always a plus. Locking and unlocking doors feels like it's giving you a nice advantage, or giving you an opportunity to shoot yourself in the foot later on. It's handy to stop the waves of genestealers whose difficulty ranges from 'Was that it?' to 'I've just wet my dreadnaught armour'. The AI seems to know when to attack to find you at really bad moments. It can get pretty tense.The melee is a bit more clumsy, a bit more difficult and requires a bit of practice and skill to pull it off. That might put some people off, but personally I like it. You're not really meant to be great in melee. You're basically a walking tank and the focus is on fire power over hand-to-hand combat. Though the assault class will wade through waves of xenos-scum and just leave itty bits of fleshy confetti in his wake. I highly recommend it.UI/Feedback: The UI is super basic. I imagine it was a lesser focus point of the development. It could do with some serious improvement. It doesn't feel the kind of throwback 90's sci-fi screens you'd expect from 40K, there's no awful green flickering and scan lines. It feels far too clean and functional. I strange complaint I know.In the game there seems to be a lack of feedback for most things. In the multiplayer I didn't always have an objective, but I figure that's probably a bug. Every now and then I'd lose track of my gun too, so I wasn't sure how much ammo I had, or if I was even reloading. It's a small gripe, but when you're waist deep in genestealers you kind of want to know how many rounds you've got left before you kiss your protohuman♥♥♥♥♥goodbye.Multiplayer: My biggest gripe with the multiplayer is the lack of voice communication. I played a single game and for the most part the dude playing the librarian just ran on ahead and smashed every door he could find. I ran behind everyone trying to keep them alive as the apothecary and ended up being the last man standing at one point. Basically, you're going to find a lot of people who are out to get as many kills as possible and to hell with cooperating as a team. I'd recommend finding and/or making some friends to play with some kind of voice chat set up. Randoms are going to be too unpredictable for this game.It gets a thumb up from me, though it's kind of slanted. Don't expect too much from this game and it's a much better experience. It's not by any means bad, in fact it's pretty good, but I think the community is just saddened by the lost potential of what could have been (and still could be, with a little support)."
,Recommended,298900,28387960,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Thomolithic,"Only given it a couple of hours so far, but here we are:Yes, there are performance issues. I shouldn't be getting fps spikes with the hardware i'm running, and I can only imagine it being worse for people with configurations that aren't as optimal.Hopefully these get fixed because inside is a game that seems to be well worth the effort.The missions are pretty big so far (only up to 3rd after some MP and streaming), taking 30-45 minutes each to complete.The graphics, as you'd expect of UE4, are pretty great. Easily the best rendition of a Space Hulk (not that many exist) and Terminator armour in a GW licensed game so far.The weapons pack the punch you'd expect of them against genestealers, though they seems little underpowered against cultists. The chaingun and bolters are supposed to launch .50 rocket propelled ammunition at the targets. Against regular cultists, i would expect a single round to obliterate them. This just isn't the case, taking 4-5 rounds at least on most of them.I'm up to mission 6 now, the hunt for relics is pretty infuriating as the objectives just plead to get done. Wandering through the Hulk with not many enemies for company is pretty boring if i'm being honest. That's pretty much the crux of the game, massive horde combat, and in this regard it doesn't disappoint.Overall, however, I would say this game is a worthy purchase, once the optimasation is sorted out. If, though, you are a fan of GW licensed games and 40k in general, this is a must-buy!17/12 Update: The SP portion is drawing to a close, and it's been quite the slog through the Tyranid swarms.My recommendation of this game doesn't change, but I have discovered there is quite a severe memory leak when using 2 monitors. My configuration is that of a 27"" 1440p main gaming monitor with a 1080x1920 next to it for browsing and all other windows.With both monitors enabled, the game with all ancillary programmes running alongside totals my system out at over 15gb of used memory. This causes the game to completely crash out, and sometimes by PC as well.This leak needs to be addressed severely, as I have never encountered such a problem with any other game I have played.All in all though, still a cracker of a game."
76561198010782017,Recommended,298900,28390872,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TristanRK,"Im writing this because i got a fatal error ...again.it's a nice game, good grapichs, great story.but...well...its horrible, fatal erros, bad connections to the server (i have great internet)fps is fine until a hords comes. when you engage a swarm theres so much blood and stuff flying about i cant see sh*tthe multiplayer is just the story in an online mode, wich is fine but in 6 hours ive not come further than the start of chapter 4 because of faild connections and crashes, and to top that off the loading screens are everywhere and take forever. so when you find that server on chapter 4 and wait 3 min to join in then pick a class and get booted out with an other 3 min loading screen just to get an fatal error and crash the game you get pretty mad xD all in all....well im sure they will fix everthing but as of rigth now this is just a typical hasty realese game. its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥now. but give it time they will iron it out"
,Recommended,298900,28367706,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Impérator,Still a better love story than Twilight.
76561198123688447,Recommended,298900,28369264,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,subgenius,"Just played the first mission in the campaign, single player,I have a msi gtx970, with the game on high settings I have no fps drops!If I put everything on max I do experience some drop in framerate at times but nothing unplayable.don't know what the fuss is about, perhaps it is just multiplayer that gives the fps drops?anyway game looks and feels great!"
76561198043435595,Recommended,298900,28381652,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Midoriya Shounen,"Let me start off by saying that this game isn't perfect. Far from it, really. I have a 1080 and an i7-4790K @ 4.4Ghz, but I still get framerate tanks every once in a while. Usually during intense scenes.But, this game is still fun. I bought it because I wanted to play an intense 40K themed 4-player coop FPS, and that's what I got.Was the 5 day delay worth it? Eh. Not really. Most of the major bugs that were in the beta are gone, but a lot of optimization issues still remain.Customization and leveling leave a bit to be desired, but, at least for me, the multiplayer was good. I experienced lag and a disconnect, but I think that was on the host's end rather than the game itself.Genestealers behave more like a horde of zombies rather than highly intelligent Xenos capable of wiping out squads of the Emperor's Finest.Playing this with other people is the best way to go. Especially since the AI controlled Terminators that you get placed in a squad with are kind of dumb. They like to run in and get themselves killed unless you babysit them, but they do a decent job of being squadmates overall.The game looks great. No complaints in the graphical department. And the sound design is excellent as well.Bottom line: Want a fun game that makes you feel like you're a mother ♥♥♥♥ing Space Marine wearing Terminator Armor? Wanna kill Xenos scum? Wanna do it with friends? This game does all that.Overall I'd give it a 7.5/10, not a must buy at its current price, but I think you should consider it if it goes on sale for around $20."
76561197998394875,Recommended,298900,28382241,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shithappens,"I recommend it for sure, as this WILL NOT be for everyone I for one am up to chapter 5 as of 10 o'clock mountain time and honestly if I didn't have to work tomorrow I'd probably just keep playing.As with all new games it needs a little TLC here and there, compared to the beta this is like a whole new game.ProsDecent graphics ( can only run medium on my pc so not complaining as with a better pc it's probably incredible)Love the story arc so farCharacter progression is goodTerminator armorFlashy spellsVery much a 40k vibe to the terrain/levelsBasically a 40k FPS done quiet well IMO  <------ MY OPINIONConsFor being housed in terminator armor you're QUITE squishy... big mob find a corner or get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quickly (stalkers, yeah ouch)the continued talking of the NPC characters is excessive. (Shut up we're being hunted dammit)Decent FPS drop on mobsDid I mention you're squishy as a diarrhea turd?No graphics complaints as stated in the ""Pros"" listQuicksave would be nice so you don't have to go so far back when your squishy♥♥♥♥♥gets slaughtered.About it for me, all in all its a great game.Needs a little touching up but good job guys, I like it!I'll give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,298900,28382849,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bernard Quatermass,"Enjoying this game, haven't had bad lag yet but crashed once.Great atmosphere in game, good voice acting but dumb AI. IMHO multiplayer is the best way to play for now.Looking at other reviews wait until performance patch before buying.I,m running:CPU: Intel 6700KGFX: GTX 1080RAM: 32GBSSD: Samsung 500GB"
76561197967511257,Recommended,298900,28390411,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Last Astronaut,"i7 4970 @ 4.0, 16gigs of RAM & 970 SLI.I'm having a good time with the single player so far; no crashes, no stutters, no low frames.Atmosphere is really well done, the AI don't talk nearly as much as they did in the beta, which is great. The enemies are just a little too cartoonish to be scary.I'm not a fan of the skill tree they're building - sure, there are four areas to choose from, but your choices are made for you in each category. I would have liked a little more choice - maybe two or three options per milestone.Sound production for music & background noise is good, but the weapons still need to not sound as ... generic? I guess, as they do.Level design feels intuitive and there's a lot of places to go that aren't specifically about the mission.It would have been nice if the major relics you recover had some influence on gameplay, even if it was simply stat-driven. But I mean, I just picked up a kickass looking power sword, and you're telling me it's ... decoration? :(Anyway, fun game so far, 5.00001/10, would wonder why the blood isn't purple again.Still (just barely) a positive review, but adjusting my score downward. What a horrible, horrible ending. Honestly, without spoiling it, it's just not rewarding at all. Ugh.When/if they fix multiplayer, add permanent progression, levels, and actual meaningful loot, this game will be worthwhile. Until then, 75% off sales only."
76561198065222993,Recommended,298900,28390620,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MadGodSheogorath,"Really enjoying it so far! Feels like Warhammer, and letting you command a squad of NPC terminators really takes me back to the days of SWAT 4 and SOCOM 2 when they still made squad-based single-player games."
,Recommended,298900,28393432,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,O'Rylee,It has its bugs but for a first person 40k game it's everything I have wanted!
76561198050897171,Recommended,298900,28393226,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RSV,"Really enjoyable game. Havent encountered to many bugs, certainly nothing game breaking. It is effectivly L4D in SPAAAAACE. And thats alot of fun. Great 40k fps."
,Recommended,298900,28366634,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bones,"The game seems like it would be great if not for the 8 crashes I've had so far. Dont hit the I button if you are hosting for starters, instant CTD.In 101 mins i have played i've only goten 10 mins in chapter one in multiplayer due to CTD-EDIT-Games great once it stops crashing."
76561198082164926,Recommended,298900,28380657,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,"S.P.E.C.I.A.L , 10","i love this game, but i dont recommend the game if you have a toaster"
76561198011704968,Recommended,298900,28380770,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,virtualperson,"Played the second mission now and still loving it.  Pretty much what I was hoping for.  Read John Steakley's novel Armor, then play this.+Awesome battle armor assisted bug war.+Alien swarms are very well done.  It's different than Serious Sam where you felt like you were dealing with a large number of individual enemies, the way the swarm surges towards you despite the bullets sprayed into it as each one that falls is followed closely by another.+Characters and weapons look just like the cool little models that came with the board game.+Gameplay is fun in Single Player (I'm not a MP guy but may try it some day).+The AI guys that follow you do a great job in watching your back as you progress through the levels, and are generally kinda sweet.+Environment is awesome.+Stays true to the board game, but not TOO true.+2 days in, and 2 updates from the developers.-The frames per second dives during large swarms (medium settings with expanded field of view and high on textures).  My rig barely exceeds minimum specs  so can't complain too much, but do expect more than 20FPS if you meet minimum specs.  Seems to be CPU rather than GPU limited which isn't typical.  The good news is that even when FPS drops to a low of 20 I can barely tell it's low, (even though 30FPS in fallout 4 gives me a headache).-Some things can be a little immersion breaking like the hacking which seems pointless.-Generally it feels like it lacks some polish in some places like during briefings.-There are some bugs (although I havn't seen any personally).With a little TLC from the Dev I could see this as being one I come back to when I want a ride."
,Recommended,298900,28381322,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Clockwork,"A good but flawed game.Occasionally crashes when accessing loadout screen during co-op.Randomly won't let you shoot or interact with anything.Randomly hides the door interaction UI.Despite the issues its a fun game to play (when it works), it just needs a few tweaks.Please Streum On, don't let this be another 40k flop. Get it together.P.s. Where is the flamer in co-op? :("
76561198012659444,Recommended,298900,28382823,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shude,Fun Game with freinds!
76561197970488031,Recommended,298900,28388769,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,twopounder,"The game is fun, but not perfect. Currently its only worth playing single player. It certainly has $49.99 worth of single player compared to other comperable games. I haven't tried multiplayer but it appears to be a complete let down at this point.If you absolutely must have multiplayer, then you should probably wait. Otherwise, its worth getting while its on sale."
76561198008967614,Recommended,298900,28390670,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bastard'san,for the lion!despite the massive fps drops when huge waves arrives i like this gamecant get pass the 3rd chapter 10/10 difficulty
,Recommended,298900,28366814,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,zysac,"A load of bad reviews. Playing in 4k, the game doesnt support it in menu, but put a comment on discussion and a dev instantly told me how to do it via ini. Playing in 4k on a decent rig. i7 few years old and sli gtx 970's no real issues on high graphics. Enjoying the little I've played."
76561198117856425,Recommended,298900,28369265,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Darth Roll a Joint,"The game is Really fun and entertaining and many people complain about "" oh i lose frame bc i have 1080, and it suck"" blah blah blah chill kid they announced a patch to cap lock 60 fps fix the other LITTLE bugs in the game i rate this game 11/10 and im not a warhammer fan at all."
76561198030030846,Recommended,298900,28380983,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sartorias,So far...I'm loving it. Only thing I seem to have an issue with is adding my skill points...I'm sure that will change soon.This is the game I've been waiting for for a while...so far. I'll update soon. (great bloody job guys!!!)
76561197972579966,Recommended,298900,28382275,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LordSmada,"This game is excellent. Sure, there are some bugs but really they will get patched up and be no more issues. The Emperor demands your service and this game has the feel of taking the board game and bringing it properly to life. I love it. As a side note, I've been playing these types of games for years and yes, I've owned or played all Space Hulk board games that have ever been released. This game feels like Space Hulk, the addition of multiple types of genestealers just makes it that much more interesting and immersive! It's loads of fun, give it a try, and don't get disappointed by the multi-player bugs. Enjoy the single player game until they get patched and then tackle things via multi-player. The Lions of the Emperor will always find vengence!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28398314,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Steve Jokº,"Boring repetitive game.At first i thought this game will replace my fav game L4D.But i was wrong, not even close.The loading take it too looooooong.FPS drop issue when the horde start coming is annoying as ♥♥♥♥ on my gtx 1070.If you really like warhammer, wait till next year, till they patch the issue i mention above, or at least 50% discount.Because the Warhammer atmosphere each level are very well done."
,Recommended,298900,28959413,Posted: 2 January,all,B1x,I like it.
76561198008144708,Not Recommended,298900,28738333,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tom,"I'm supremely disappointed in this game.  I bought it on pre-order and gave them a good long chance to fix some of the basics before I wrote a review.They've had that chance and blown it.There are many problems with the game and if you've read any of the other reviews you will understand them.The game breaking problem is the ingame voice chat:  I understand that you make the decision not to have ingame voice chat in your game.  I don't think it's a good decision, but it is an understandable decision.What isn't understandable is having such a game take control of the mic so that Steam ingame voice does not work.I learnt my lesson buying alpha games from indie studios and now I've learnt my lesson buying pre-order games from bigger studios.  No more pre-order."
,Recommended,298900,28366845,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RMole,"Pros:Beautifulimmense levelscustomizationLore friendlyPRICECons:Plays like L4Dshortish CampaignMultiplayer is just a Co-Op CampaignAll in all, have a lot of potential, feels unfinished, but they can really expand on it.when you take all that into consiteration and look at the price.....  def would recommend"
76561198071353409,Recommended,298900,28369524,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fantastic Plastic,"No 4k support? No gamepad, low resolution with twin titans? Don't get me wrong the controls and atmosphere is good but looks blurry and horrible. The optimasation issues are somewhat true, while i did not get framerate dips but with twin titans this thing couldn't go more than 1200..ugh.. no thanksUpdate:Issue resolved but even in 4k it still looks horrid lowering the brightness to mask this is a cheap tactic IMO. The game is fun yet simple, it really is just a wave shooter."
,Not Recommended,298900,28448602,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SanctusNine,way too buggy.
76561198001377010,Recommended,298900,28402673,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,groveunder,"Finished Chapter 3 single player, and play 3 chapters online on multiplayer...♥♥♥♥ing awesome game!Encountered 2 bugs on multiplayer, but nothing im sure they cant fix.Multiplayer, can take a little  bit to set up as you will need to wait for 3 COMMITTED players lol.Really fun to be honest, if you read the books or play any warhammer games, this is pretty legit!Single player has alot more to it than MP, more dense story, / more skills and level up componement.Reccommend :)"
76561198054002478,Not Recommended,298900,28419449,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Scaleofthought,"Do I recommend this game? No, not yet.While initial combat felt satisfying and the visuals are great, after a few missions the sense of progression and my interest plateaued.Even though you are able to increase the difficulty, it didn't provide that a sense of improvement.Monster appearances started to feel repetitive and predictable after a couple replays of a chapter.I still feel like the game falls short on many things that are important to me:Front end UI- Graphics and interaction feel unfinished. Comparing the visuals of the game with the visuals of the UI, there's a large gap between the two. I see what they were trying to go for - but they haven't got there yet.Gameplay- There is an unnoticeable amount of feedback when hit by enemies, aside from the occasional blinding green blob. Teammates and I often struggled to distance themselves from enemies in front of them as multiple enemies are clawing their backs and stopping their movement.- The lack of HUD and Audio indicators for these types of scenarios is a real shame; especially so when the death penalty is so lengthy. Death, especially for melee characters, is often without any warning at all. You are almost completely unaware that you are being hit, or even how often you're being hit.- Which brings me to my next point. The death penalty is currently frustratingly long when considering the pitiful amount of visual and audio aids and tools that should be available to the player to help them prevent death. It's all fine and dandy if we're actually in a suit of armor and being physically beaten to death, but the truth is, those forces and the frequency of hits needs to translated to the player visually, or audibly, or preferably both.Customization- I don't know what I was expecting for customization, but I was expecting more ways to change our characters, and more permanence in progression. I guess just even the available weapon options for each class was underwhelming once you tried all of them.- Also, where's that multi-player flame thrower?Audio- Smashing through doors result in an unenthusiastic and lifeless ""pang! ..."", just as impressively sized chunks of thick metal fly through the air and onto the ground.- Meleeing a wall sounds equally unimpressive and boring.BugsAlthough it wasn't often, ""Fatal Errors"" plagued my teams journey as it resulted in the termination of our progression if the host received one. It's a finishing move after struggling to figure out why our weapons would randomly stop firing.Story- Deliverance of the story is pretty poor.I'm getting just as bored typing this review as I was from playing the game after a couple hours. So I'm just ganna stop now.I'm hoping there will be improvements made to the game to bring me back, as fun as it was to smoke aliens with maces and miniguns, the gory massacre thrills quickly became monotonous.However, I will say this - I do appreciate the attention to other finer details, such as shooting certain pipes in the walls resulted in flame jets burning enemies, or other pipes leaking with blue liquid. I really enjoyed that.I'm hoping that there may be a re-purchase down the road if they improve the story deliverance, refine the UI and Audio, expand character weapon options, and provide better feedback aids for incoming damage."
76561198005691295,Recommended,298900,28367785,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bump69,"Heya guys,  anyone who is having performance issues should really go out there and buy a new pc as you clearly dont have a decent machine. I've found no problems at all with this game,  even in beta. Yes i've got an I7 6700 and a RX480 8gig.  but lets be fair,  to play the best graphics at the fastest speeds you need a good machine right,  you wouldn't expect this game to run on a 486 dx 33Hz now would you. Stop your complaining and get with the program. I'd go as far to say if you can't run star citizen then don't buy this game. Otherwize suit up and purge those xeno's !!"
76561198004720027,Recommended,298900,28367864,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Burzhuj,"This game is GREAT, played only few hours, but it have almost everything that i wanna from W40K game. It miss some features like Orks or Chaos Marines, but i hope that they will be there eventually :)"
76561197999455467,Recommended,298900,28368083,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bann,"The gameplay, the atmosphere and the coop are really great!The only problem is the network stability. I couldnt finish even one chapter of multi without crashing or disconnecting.I still strongly recommend this game, because i know the Devs will fix that very soon!Keep up the good work Streum On!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368463,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,self_nathan,no progression
76561198014552029,Not Recommended,298900,28369362,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fisher,Under 30 mins worth of game time and already I have encountered two game breaking bugs...nice
,Not Recommended,298900,28381712,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,Literally unplayable even beyond recommended specs. The game is goign to be dead due to the botched release so even if it gets fixed it's worthless.
76561197985053651,Recommended,298900,28436749,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rezyn,Great game for 40k fans.  Action is intense and the graphics are great.  I have had no crashes so far which is what most people were complaining about.  My FPS has been decent too and I am on an older rig.  If you are wondering if you should get this game or not... I would say absolutely.  I am having a blast so far.For the Emperor!!!
76561198041486606,Recommended,298900,28436939,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Count Proximo,"I enjoy this game. I have no buyer's remorse, as this game is the sort of thing I've been looking forward to for a while. It is by no means perfect (or even complete), and it needs some serious work. But I love it.PROS:When it is working, the game is an absolute blast. The variety of weapons and classes makes it one heck of a ride, particularly the online co-op aspect. Online in particular allows for four players instead of you and the two bots in single player, with each player selecting a class with a unique appearance and loadout. When playing online, ""Normal"" difficulty is still difficult, as the game throws significantly more enemies at you, and those enemies are harder to kill than in single player. As you gain experience in an online scenario, you unlock new weapons and abilities that you can swap out in real time during the level, adding some variety.CONS:Playing online is great, but it's near impossible to join a group without the server timing out [EDIT: as of the latest patch it is much easier to join a group, but now there are rarely online lobbies, if ever]. When you actually get into a group, anything can break the game, including the pre-order exclusive weapon for some reason. Bugs aside, what I would LOVE to see implemented is a more thought-out character customization system, incuding colors, armor pieces, insignias and whatnot, something akin to Space Marine. I would also like to see permanent and long-term unlocks for online play, instead of having to unlock everything again in each level. That, and the heavy flamer is not available in multiplayer, which is nothing less than sheer travesty.TL;DRIf you think your machine can handle it, I recommend picking this up, especially during a sale. However, cross your fingers that future updates will come and that the playerbase will last, as many have already abandonded this game due to the bugs. I grabbed it partly to support the devs and encourage them to turn this into a great game. Right now it's good, but it can be great. Let's hope that the devs continue to support it."
,Recommended,298900,28366879,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tgogel2006,"seeing a lot of negativity for this game which is too bad, i get that there are performace issues but thus far ive had a pretty flawless experience. hopfully there's a patch in the works to even out performance across all machines. sounds mostly like fussy machine spirits, must bless first! anyhow loving it so far, must purge more xenos! cheersspecs:asus 1080 8gbI7 477032gb ddr3windows 10"
76561198001751498,Recommended,298900,28367772,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,=^.^= Kitty,Join a game... first encounter we were completely surrounded on all sides... half the sqaud dies... I lock myself behind a bulkhead... everyone respawns... /dance
76561198175318859,Recommended,298900,28367803,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,( ),I love this game it has a good vibe with good gameplay.
76561198013130648,Not Recommended,298900,28381654,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ishruul,Game keeps crashing. Nice atmosphere and all but I'm sick and tired of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game released too early.
76561197970418491,Recommended,298900,28367837,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ML,I have no issues running this game.I can say that i have had some holy hell moments fighting off swarms and I am loving it.
76561198060921004,Not Recommended,298900,28368455,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DoonAssassin,"Game is not ready yet for single player, much less co-op play, it runs extremely poorly even with a solid computer setup, the code is very sloppy and poorly written, This game has amazing potenial. The developers need to decide to try and streamline the post proccessing programs, and optimize the graphics in order for the game to run much smoother at higher resolution. Cant say how disappointed i am that this game turned out a ""full release"" like this, hope it will be improved and look forward to trying this again sometime."
76561198043856108,Not Recommended,298900,28381812,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,pandaman_420,I would hold off on buying this until they patch some of these game breaking issues. Absolutely HORRIBLE day 1 status. There are some crazy random visual errors causing the screen to be brighter than the sun and then in the team menu before starting a mission half my screen was black and horribly contrasted and the other part was fine as it should be.Game seems to fail at some point early on more than it doesn't been playing just about 2 hours and have had about 3 minutes in game on multiplayer. totally ♥♥♥♥ed right now. server issues and all...I have heard single player is a lot better so im going to give that a try now and see...Really is too bad as it looks awesome I wish I could get into it and have it work...Im debating getting a refund and picking it up in few months if its fixed and on sale maybe.Such a disapointment as the atmosphere is amazing and really cool idea and weapons and stuff are interesting.stay away for now 4/10 as it currently is...
,Not Recommended,298900,28384320,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cakes on a Plane,"Has promise but should have been delayed much longer. :(Clunky controls are dissapointing and take away from the immersion. :(Controlling your team is painful and AI stands in dumb places and takes your bullets. :(Shooting aliens doesnt feel visceral when it should and takes away from the immersion. :(Played 1st mission and went exploring, went everyplay i shouldnt have as level is designed to be 100% linear. :(Its 40k :)Your a Terminator :)"
,Recommended,298900,28403016,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Breminofwisdom,"Space Hulks,brethern. Don't fall for the tyranny nor the ignorance of the haters since I made a well developed research on their profile and 70% of them at least own fps broken,unoptimized games like H1Z1,7 Days To Die,DayZ and had at least 50 hours of gameplay and I could not even see 1 negative comment about these kind of games. If you like the game hold on to your horses and wait for some performance fixing or just buy it if you have an extreme setup. Else,you should just wait but this game is not bad. You know, I'm an idiot if it comes to playing any kind of Strategy games but my type of thing is to go berserk on fps so this is the game I literally joined the Warhammer series. I have been waiting for a game like this since forever, I don't know.Brief Conclusion:-Yes,yes,yes. The game has major fps issues ""For now.""-Replayability might not be a thing if new DLC's for free and new storylines won't come up.-It would be an insult to call this game amazing. It's just a masterpiece that needs some more details and tweaks.-The price? I personally don't think its high but don't take advices from H1Z1 and DayZ fanboys either.-Gameplay? Looks awesome but I have a strix r7 370 and i7 950 so my system is antique... By the way my motherboard leaks electricity. Even under these conditions I could get around 40-50 fps on auto-configured settings.-SHOULD YOU BUY? Depends, but if you have a strong system unlike mine I would say yes, but maybe waiting for performance updates could be an option if you have a PC like me.-Blessed is the mind too small for doubt."
,Recommended,298900,28431478,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cerlin,"I played both the beta and I have started playing the release.The short of it:- The single player feels good, runs well on an older machine (though it does have some hickups.)- The multiplayer is fun, but there are still connection issues.- The art design is amazing. It feels like a spacehulk.- The sound is cool, but I want more gutteral gun sounds.If I gave it a score I'd give it a 6/10 (positive but niche) and with stability patches for multiplayer I'd give it a 7/10. It is not a perfect game but it is fun for 40k fans and if you wanna smash some aliens.Compared to release Vermintide, I would say that game was a 9/10. It felt great, had good mechanics, and the multiplayer worked great.If you are not a 40k fan, scifi shooter coop fan, or  you arent really into FPS, then I say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,298900,28908734,Posted: 1 January,all,PackeTRacer,"Good game if you're not expecting a AAA title.  It's got its fair share of quircks, but the gameplay is good and the atmosphere is stunningly detailed.  For those who appreciate the grimdark WH40K universe, you'll enjoy the single player.  The MP is good if you have a squad of friends on voice comms because it is challenging and engaging.  I love this game, even with its problems.Runs extremely smooth on my system.  i7 4790K/rx480, Evo 850 SSD."
76561198026365449,Recommended,298900,28367957,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,clynton1,"This is a great 40K treat, the attention to detail and thus Atmosphere is terrific. you will need to have a PC on spec for system requirements as its demanding graphically.The Single Player Campaign is the 'Meat and Potatoes' so to speak of this game with the Multi Player being the gravy on top.For the price point its spot on.The AI in the single player campaign is ok you will have to micro manage the healing of the apothacary a little, but other than that the AI is fine.Searching every nook and cranny rewards with visual tid bits and collectable relics.All in all i like it a lot after only just scratching the surface of the game.I get to stomp about as a Terminator and blap nids and hybrids and yes i have died as i get sucked in and go all tunnel vision.. i think they call that immersion :PA strong recommend from me.Trust me on this. My taste is impeccable honest :P"
76561198046533787,Not Recommended,298900,28369183,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rogal Dorn,i want to love this game. i have been waiting for about a year now. but the performance issues are game breaking. if the fps drops and freezing are fixed it looks like it will be an amazing game. but i cant and wont play it again until it is fixed.
,Not Recommended,298900,28369189,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Andertron,Rushed out. Dissapointing.
76561198045547141,Not Recommended,298900,28369487,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Syntrix,Tried to play so amny times just lags like crazy then gives me fatal error
76561198107919757,Recommended,298900,28689921,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,man superQeso,This is probably one of the best games I've played in a long time. The amount of how you feel like 3 lone members on a hell hole is quite nice. Even though it does not follow the lore to the terminator armour quite right  you still realize you take out easy 700 enimies by the second mission. The visuals are amazing right down to the gloss of wax used for purity seals. You feel like a boss who can destroy everything if you think. Thats another thing right there its not just another run and gun you have to somewhat think. shoot the big slow guy or shoot the little guy with the rocket launcher.
76561198062006121,Recommended,298900,28843538,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Autopilot,"After latest update all is working for me, i really enjoy this game"
,Recommended,298900,28436557,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Pest,Pure 40k. Awesome. Multi needs some work. But already good Foundation.
,Recommended,298900,28397265,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mush,"There are definitely a few oddities to the game; mostly in the interface/menus/navigation of 'getting a game started.  The multiplayer and campaign are the same maps; why not just make it one in the same?  Give the 'host' an option to make the game they're playing 'open' 'open to friends' 'invite only' 'private' something like that.Melee combat could maybe use some work/polish.Haven't had any performance issues, or crashing, or issues in the co-op with either.I've done the same as a few others have mentioned; bought this with 3 other friends.  One has a system that is woefully inadequate to run the game (CPU is, I believe, quad @2.4-2.6 and it bottlenecks the heck out of his system on this game), one hasn't played yet, and myself and another (both with Nvidia GTX 7xx series cards and cpus ~3.5Ghz) running with most settings maxed and no issues.Overall, I'm enjoying it for:-atmosphere-unlimited ammo fragfests-co-op-single player campaignWhat I'm not enjoying:-needs a BIT of polish more or less everywhere, with the exception of the Space Marine armors/weapons/etc, and the enemy models are great-melee needs some love (its good, but not varied enough both in weapon choice and 'how it works' in combat)-no built in benchmarking utility or FPS counter (thats a pretty small complaint)"
76561198002911983,Not Recommended,298900,28406638,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,wolfknight904,"All right so this game is very fun as far as gameplay and detail, but playing in signal player the crapy command menu you use to tell you AI team what to do is very clunky. Your healer has to be told when to heal your team because there is no %hp to trigger an auto heal. That said this is a really good game, sadly though the co-op brings nothing new the table. The game uses scripted AI spawning points so nothing changes ever as far the AI spawns go. Unlike this game Vermintide uses the L4D randomized spawns for the AI, which helps increase the longevity of the game. On a side note as far as we can tell the game devs are only going to support this game for 1-3 months. They then are planning to move on to a new game, So no new DLC after those months. This game falls into the category of was fun for the first week then after that gets boring the game has no co-op progression system bad AIPros & Cons+Gameplay is very fun.+Detail the game looks amazing.-AI is so bad at time you wonder if the AI is bugged or just poorly made.-No co-op progression system at all in a game like this it is needed.-Support for the game is very short.4.5/10 Not worth the asking price currently"
76561197993532931,Recommended,298900,28381400,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,dhaussler,Awesome!   Love this game
76561198014192891,Recommended,298900,28579513,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Omnomnomivore,"Excellent game, needs a bit of a good computer."
,Not Recommended,298900,28418982,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ThatGuy,"In this games current state I can not under any circumstances recommend it.To start:Why have a bloody multiplayer if you are just going to strip it of more than half the stuff that SP gets? If you managed to play the beta you know what I am talking about becuase literally nothing changed, except he full release is slighty more stable. For those of you who didn't play the beta, all of the fun weapons, like heavy flamer, are not usable in MP. Also, some of the abilities you get to use in SP are also not available in MP. Then, there is the complete lack of relics in MP. In SP you get to go on a treasure hunt but you can just forget about exploring in MP because its utterly pointless. Also the relics don't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥in SP. You just collect them and then you can spend time looking at them.Next up,The save feature. The game only allows auto save in SP. It also doesn't organize them in a logical fashion. So if you die have fun looking at the mess that is auto saves being mixed about.If you are wondering why my hours are low at the time of this review. Its because my friend beat the SP in 12 hours and he kindly informed in detail of how COD has more content than this game. He did this because I bought him the game and he wanted me to know that my money was well spent.Update: Feb 17, 2017The current beta patch has potential but not enough for me ot say you should go buy this game right now. On a plus note, however, flamer thowers are in MP now, and MP is running smoother for me than it did on launch."
76561198112345530,Recommended,298900,28436914,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MARAUD3R,I been waiting for this game for a loong time. When it came out i was havign 2nd thoughts about buying it because all the negative reviews. I still bought it because it was cheap and wow its great. Yes the frame drops and yes a few bugs but hey the game just came out and they are already coming out with a big patch to cover all this. I'd like to see you make a game then release it ot the public without any bugs or better yet go to the battlefield page and write your nasty reviews there. Be fair and know the game just came out.
,Recommended,298900,28366946,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jack of Clubz,OK look let's keep it real. Anticipation of this game got me researching the lore of Warhammer 40k and for that I am greatful. The game while fun is full of framerate drops that in my opinion are inexcusible. I am runng a 4690K and a 980ti. There is no excuse for that. Now I do feel that there is hope for the game but so far I can't sat I would tell my friends to buy it. I gave it a thumbs up becasue I have hopes for this game in the future. But so far I do not feel that the developers did a good job optimizing this game. I mean even if they postponed the game another month to fix this I wouold of been more satisfied. Get it together guys.
,Recommended,298900,28367835,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,nrcrane,So far no performance issues on my part. On 3rd mission atm. Really enjoying the atmosphere of the game so far.
,Recommended,298900,33990781,Posted: 3 August,all,Lyskal,"The program had been deployed. Unoptimized and of a state unacceptable.Thus the Adeptus Mechanicum, the red cloaked priests of Mars did begin their holy work, annointing Space Hulk: Deathwing in holy oils and repeating the littanies as to bring forth the blessing of the Omnisiah and appease the machine spirit of Space Hulk: Deathwing.For months, uncertainty loomed. Would Space Hulk become another doomed 40k title? Falling, cursed into the abyss, never able to rise to a greater calling?Alas now we bear witness to the hard work of the Emperor's agents, the hands and cogs that enact his will have brought forth prosperity! Look upon a title, once much hyped, brought unto us with the blessings of optimization and satisfying combat!Arm yourselves sons of the Lion! Foul Xenos infest a Space Hulk containing holy relics, that as we speak is threatening worlds of the Imperium of Man. As brave men and women of the Imperial Navy and Astra Militarum battle the tendrils of the Great Devourer it falls to the Dark Angels to bring this wretched enemy unto annihilation and these relics back into our hands.The Emperor Protects.tl:dr: My computer can run this now, it is fun, atmospheric and looks purdy. Weapons and psychic loadouts hold much variety however after the techpriests bolted this plasma cannon to me I refuse to take it off. Recommended."
,Recommended,298900,33911025,Posted: 30 July,all,OverlordRick,"I feel as though I should throw in my two cents. Of all my things in games, my favourite of all is the Atmosphere. Its why I love Metro 2033/Last Light so damn much. And let me tell you, this game ♥♥♥♥ing nails the atmosphere. If you are a fan of the 40k setting at all, this game is worth it for that alone. It really is a pretty game.So far I've only played the single player campaign. As far as gameplay, its mostly solid. I've only encountered one minor bug so far, and it was easily fixable. Don't get me wrong, its not perfect, but keep in mind this isn't a AAA game.If it puts it in perspective at all: I pre ordered this game and was reviled by its state at launch so I refunded it. Heard good things about it and decided to come back and its fantastic. Highly recommend for 40k fans."
76561198012239687,Recommended,298900,28419730,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Grampus Griseus,Just beat single player! Multiplayer was a bit laggy. I see so many reviews static that this game is infested with bugs. I didn't experience any bugs.  I enjoyed the game over all!  The walking back and forth did get a little dreary. Not sure why so many are complaining though.
76561198087199730,Recommended,298900,28419608,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,McFrostey,Absolutely fun. a few bugs but this game is amazing and ridiculously lore friendly. I had a blast and thank the creators for their hard work and dedication
,Not Recommended,298900,28655929,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,be back later when performance gets better
,Not Recommended,298900,28641179,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tribal,Refunded this game because there were way too many bugs.Tried the first mission 4 times and had a fatal error each time and the game crashed to desktop.Should never of come out of alpha/beta with problems like this.
,Not Recommended,298900,28657500,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"Another victim of the 40k Curse, where anything outside of the Dawn of War franchise is either disappointingly average or is forced to go through rigorous post-release gameplay redesign. Don't buy until there's a major redesign, if there even is going to be one at all.Sterum On's design choices seem schizophrenic:Have a lot of Tyranid targets to shoot at, but give them inordinate amounts of health for the damage you deal and the teammates you haveScatter relics across the map as if to signify some sort of upgrade relevance, but the most they end up doing is giving the player an extra psygateTerminators are canonically not the most mobile of the Emperor's servants but make levels gigantic because why notMake gigantic levels chock full of boxes and religious structures but have nothing in themGive players psygates in order to restock on medical supplies and change out weapons, but introduce a score penalty for using themHave a multitude of weapons and Librarian skills but give the player only two squad mates, and hide EVERYTHING behind either XP grind or level completion unlock basisCorpses can pile up and obstruct the player, but Storm Bolter rounds can't pierce through more than one tyranidHave a co-op version of single player, but force players to go through a class grind for each level in said multiplayerThis list can go on but Steam reviews can only be so long.I don't understand why performance wasn't the biggest target during development since it would have to be obvious during any given developer stand-up that there would be so many variables to consider per level (locked/unlocked doors, environment destruction, turret hacking, tyranid bodies, spawning tyranids, general graphics, etc). No one who actually ends up investing time in a game really cares about having detail cranked up to max so long as the stylization looks good, anyway. Telling your playerbase to ""put [the game] on a SSD"" in order to not have to fix shoddy load times is horrible; 7200rpm drives are still incredibly prolific since most people end up using their SSD for their OS, programs, and one or two games they play frequently.Was it Sterum On struggling internally with this and that? Was Focus Home a bad publisher who helicopter parented the heck out of Sterum On during development going ""NO THIS WILL NOT APPEAL TO A BROAD AUDIENCE GET RID OF IT""? The world may never know, but whatever it was, all I can say is that it's unfortunate.On the other hand, Sterum On nailed the 40k aesthetic, and Gav Thorpe's story is aces (go check out his other books - Horus Heresy is top-notch introductory 40k literature). The weapons are all cool as hell and the guts of 'nids are satisfying. The heavy flamer is absolutely perfect. Punching 'nids in the face with a powerfist is satisfying. Outside of this, there isn't enough for me to rationalize this purchase. Full Control's tabletop-accurate and not-as-fun rendition (the one before they put out Ascension) will still somehow get more playtime out of me."
76561198055405985,Not Recommended,298900,28652383,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hellsdream89,"I really wanted this game to be good. Had such high hopes for it. The frame rates are terrible, voice acting is sad and the mechanics are just poor. Save yourself some time and money and run as fast as you can from this game."
76561197962174902,Not Recommended,298900,28454110,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[BRTD] ๖Xiikie^,Game needs way more work to be done before you should consider getting this game
,Recommended,298900,34862295,Posted: 10 September,all,Mintydog,"Space Hulk Deathwing is a good game if you enjoy the Warhammer 40k universe or have just enjoyed the Space Hulk games in the past.First of all, the graphics and level design are brilliant, there is detail everywhere, huge statues in halls,gothic archtecture all over the place, and random blood and bodies scattered around.The game is easy enough to play, fire, block, swing your axe and fire a physic ability, repeat.It's quite a bit different from Space Hulk: Vengenace of the Blood Angels (which is my favourite) in that it is a bit faster paced, and your squad will follow you, so you don't have to issue orders to them all the time, other than telling them to heal each other, because if you don't, they will happily give their life for the emperor.There are 9 chapters, depending if you are slow like me or not, or just want to walk around and see the architecture, each level may take between 45 minutes and an hour and a half.The ending of the game is disappointing, it just felt like ""is that it?""I tried the special missions after that, but it seemed bugged, because I was meant to be pretecting someone who didn't exist.The atmosphere is good, with the enemies around every corner screaming and shouting, but it does not feel as tense as Space Hulk: VOTBA, even when the huge xenos come after you.I definitely recommend it if you're a fan of WH40k or Space Hulk in general.For everyone else, if you want something a bit different from your FPS than shooting soldiers in the face, then give this a go."
76561198069391143,Recommended,298900,34864147,Posted: 10 September,all,tradesman,"This game is awesome but i dont have friends that play it.... Add me so so we can play, its better with other people not solo"
76561198092310701,Not Recommended,298900,28437467,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ReigningWolf,"Game is so poorly optimized that playing Multiplayer is a constant game of frozen screens and frame drops. Single player campaign is fun, though there isn't much replay potential. If they patch this game in the future I would love to come back to it, but right now its a poor excuse for a game that was rushed from alpha and I regret spending the money on this."
,Not Recommended,298900,28453541,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cultiststeve,"Not what you should expect for a full price game from a full studio.Too buggy, graphics and UI feel very dated. Netcode also seems bad.Hopefully this will improve with a few patches but not something to buy now."
,Not Recommended,298900,28453470,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cloud Striker,"Unstable as all hell, Loading times approaching the ten minute marks and wonky♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer. Needs some serious work before I would recommend it to anyone. On the plus side, it does look amazing."
76561198057552276,Not Recommended,298900,28437457,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Omegon,"I bought this game hoping for something good. It needs to be made better. End of.Pros:- Good atmosphere.- Entertaining combat.- Good attention to detail.- Fun environments to explore.Cons:- Still needs some more optimisation.- Limited as hell armoury in multi-player. Seriously devs what the ♥♥♥♥?- Brother Astartes AI are mentally deficient.- Cant go relic hunting in multi-player.- Level system in multi-player means you have to relevel everytime you play.(This might not be a minus for you, is for me though)- can become completely unresponsive to input if you alt tab.- Why the hell does a librarian have access to a heavy flamer, but a Heavy weapons specialist cant?To summarise.I have been waiting for this game for awhile now. I am happy that it is out but I hate that it hasnt been properly finished. It upsets me and I wanted for the game to be so much more. Hopefully the devs will see this and maybe, just maybe consider my points. And improve on them."
76561197977081470,Recommended,298900,32399220,Posted: 13 June,all,BiGDaDdY,This game was total crap at launch it was a lag fest with bugs and crashes it totally stunk. Now though it is completely amazing I have beaten Deathwing single player and started a new game to play a different style. The graphics are just jaw dropping and the story line is good I think. I have learned alot from my first play through. But back to the point I have a 4.2 ghz I7 with 32 gigs of ram and a nvidia 1080 ti. I have no problems running the game at max settings and no lag no crashes. I just cant stop playing it though I have tried the new missions and wow do they get hard quick. If you are not sure check out the game through youtube play throughs. Now get ones that are recent not back when the game was launched. It is very funny watching my first playthrough oh the mistakes we make hehe.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ-ngsVukvQ&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,298900,34878851,Posted: 11 September,all,Darkalloy,"At the bottom is a small-ish Pros/Cons list if you wish to just jump down there and bypass my rambling.I wish I could recommend this I really do, it's insanely fun in bursts. Outside of those bursts however it's more a walking simulator, a slow walking simulator. Now I'm keenely aware that you are in Terminator armour and as such are a fairly ponderous bulk of Ceramite, Plasteel, and Adamantium. Still it feels more like I spend more time walking than I do killing anything.However I think if the all characters moved just a bit faster; yes enemies and the players, that much of this ""slowness"" would be delt with. Going from meandering down a corpse filled corridor lightly sprinkled with some exploding of xenos to huh you know I'm not sure how to phrase this one. Creating an even more corpse filled corridor as you meander down it? A light jog through a rain of xenos blood? Hmm... Anyway the point is I'd love to recommend this and if you can stand walking around proverbially twiddling your thumbs inbetween the bits of action then yes I would do so. Otherwise it's not quite there.Note I did not get into the multiplayer as my internet was being evil so I have no idea if it changes there.Pros:Good visualsGreat sound effects the storm bolters in particularGood atmosphereHas a collectable system for those that enjoy thatGet to swing around and assualt cannon and shoot bolts of lightningWarhammer 40K /biasCons:SlowMonotonous combat encountersSlowAI seems to be fairly brain dead, both allies and enemies (eg. had one genestealer jump up to a ledge I was blocking off, it fell down and proceeded to try again adn did at least 10 others.)Did I mention slow?Has a collectable system for those that enjoy that and the long walk to get them allDo I really need to say it?Voice acting seems to only work half the time, I will see subtitles on the screen and not hear the associated voice."
76561198158522978,Not Recommended,298900,28391530,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sirshaness,"not gonna lie... this is a disappointment....given the promise and lure of a space hulk mash up with mates, i was very disappointed with how little is actually in the game... sure they have collectables... interesting relics that you cant use... cool... the campaign.... well not much can be said thats already been said.... its meh... though it is a glorious p*** take that there is no check points at all (missions can be long, even more so if you go relic hunting) so if you die.. tuff sh*t.... oh... but something good-ish. you get an ok selection of weapons you can unlock.....now the multiplayer. firstly if you want to quick play then good luck.. their servers suck... like real bad... want to join a game that doesnt have a PASSWORD! well.... nope... server says NO! cool..... host a game and people join GREAT! got the basics of the basics working... good job? so you have FINALLY sorted your game...you go to pick classes aaaaaaaaaaaaand..... WTF! soo the weapons available is half of half of whats available in the single player... ace work... -_- .... not only that but they are placed over 5 classes.... god DAMN IT.... IT WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE APPEALING IF IT WAS DONE OVER 2! AT LEAST IT WOULD LOOK LIKE WE HAD MORE SHIZZLE TO UNLOCK... so... few unlocks... too many classes, when 1 pretty much has to be the librarian and another has to be the medic ( or you will probably never pass anything)..... its kinda already a bit bs.... oh but there's more... your unlocks in multiplayer? get reset each time you start a new session..... yup.... your time just doesnt matter apparently....to say i feel some what ashamed  i recomended this game to a friend is just sad.... but thats pretty much the gist of it..... in all fairness.... i did want to start this review out on a more formal note... but that went out the window.... im still gonna play it.... already played it too much to try and get started ... no refund now...have fun"
76561197994741552,Recommended,298900,31940625,Posted: 24 May,all,Marcus,"I didn´t buy this game on release because of all the bad reviews it got. I purchased it, when its price dropped to about 40 € and appearently after it got some patching. I don´t know what has been the condition of the game on release but today it runs just smooth. I´m only into single player for now (I heared the MP resembles much of L4D so I´m pretty sure I´m doing this afterwards I finished SP) and it´s a wonderful experience for me. Great 40K atmosphere and storytelling, immersive and challenging even on normal (for an old fart like me). I recommend this game to anyone who likes the 40K stuff like I do (since DoW 1). If you keep in mind that wearing holy terminator-armor doesn´t make you a god (for there is only one god, and he resides on the golden throne on Terra!!) and a tyranid gene-stealer isn´t dropped instantly when being hit by storm-bolter round, you will have - literally - a hell of a ride. Kill the Xenos! Burn the heretic!"
76561197969067252,Not Recommended,298900,28815211,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[v2]Hiv3,"Not a Bad game, not a Game of the year.Fun to play.You need less than 10hours to complete the game, but there is multi.It's like Left4Dead themed Warhammer 40k so you could enjoy it longer. But not that long...9 Chapters but only 3 or 4 maps so you keep walking in the same Space Hulks.A chapter takes betwwen 20 to 60min to do.Decades old miss features : I like browsing servers to find the good one. There is no PING/LATENCY shown anywhere. No filter, no informations on maps or players.You won t know that you are playing with ANTARTICA pinguins latency even in the game. Then big fights comes where you will die instantly.Gameplay : Less weapons in multi than in solo.Oh Solo is just boring as political debate. It's a 4 players game where you play only 1 and get 3 AI.Artifical Inteligence : there is none, they wait for you to tell them to do anything, the healer won't heal you, the heavy canon doesn't fire before melee range, etc....I have a high-end rig and the game often crashes when I host a game. Experience is bad when you are 1H in a space hulk with no save."
76561198027190605,Not Recommended,298900,28399826,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GeforceJoe,"awsome game, but way to many glitchers and errors and game crashes. just to many problems. but when it works for more than a match str8 threw its amazing."
,Not Recommended,298900,28386422,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bebek,"First of all this game is full of bug, not really smooth, poor framerate, 60fps lock... Well this could happen from the release and will probably be improved. But this game looks poor, the multi is just a coop without any save. Each time you start over no profile progression nothing... I'm not currently enjoying this game. Once again a beta version is realsed 3 months earlier than it should !"
76561198046155219,Not Recommended,298900,28457808,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Imperial SCAR Trooper,Game crashs everytime i hit the vision with the hammer
76561198029294992,Not Recommended,298900,28707542,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,"Really captures the feel of a space hulk raid in the 40k universe, but its also very repetative. Buy if you really wanna roleplay a space marine, if not youll prolly get bored of this fast"
76561198048455049,Not Recommended,298900,28417666,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ulysses Sternman,"Don't untill they fix the game, seriously don't."
76561198084581540,Not Recommended,298900,28424059,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Angelo,"I'm, a fan of Space Marine and of WK40.000 lore.After 116 Min of play this game purchased as preorder, i want my cash back.Graphically it's good, but no game inside, nothing to do in this game.Angelo"
76561198027917739,Not Recommended,298900,28457722,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sturmsprung,"Hi Folks, i have to say, i Realy Love the Setting and its a very nice Feeling, but there are all the Starting Troubels. Im sad, that since beginning nothing has changed.I wold be very sad to give it back, but at the moment its still not playable.I hope There will be fixes very fast.Because nothing has been fixed till now i realy cant recommend buy the Game. Sorry Duds"
,Recommended,298900,34522085,Posted: 26 August,all,p4ndr,"Pro: It's not Doom.Con: It's not Doom.If you took Doom (2016), added a tiny dash of XCOM, a tiny dash of System Shock, and dumped it in a pile of WH40K, you'd get this. The single player does a pretty bloody good job of capturing what I imagine the isolation and claustrophobia of a space hulk would feel like. The controls make it feel like the PC has weight and inertia. (Basically, terminator armor simulation 2016)If you're a fan of WH40K (or WH, even), this is definetly worth the price at US$40. If you're not a fan, but you enjoy a bit of strategy to punctuate your frantic action, then it's worth a crack.People looking for a straight-up FPS like Doom, MW etc. should probably steer clear, as the pacing probably won't be to their liking."
76561197968900326,Recommended,298900,28880829,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mchacon,"My recommendation is tentative: You need a pretty muscular system to play it and you need to really love the idea of FPS Space Hulk.What the game gets right:1. Look & Feel. Looks, feels, sounds like WH40k. They did a good job here and the grasp of the concept shows.2. Weapon balance. I have not played multi-player but I am astounded that the diversity of weapons still encourages the use of each one (at least almost all) in some regard. They may not be *fully* balanced--but the options are good.3. The game play is unique and well realized. This is an FPS with no finds / drops (you have infinite ammo, healing is done by your medic, weapons are all unlocks--no pick-ups, etc.). This is a bold depature from regular FPS's and it works.4. Pacing / Difficulty - the pacing of the game (the swarms, etc.) felt pretty good to me. There was a decent mix of exploration and desperate shooting.What I Didn't Like1. Load times--long. Starting the game: WAY LONG.2. Resurrection felt weird - you lose a crew-mate, psy-warp back to base, and they're back. It works for game-play but I feel there could have been some other way of handling it.3. Kinda dull - My big complaint here is that for finally going ""inside"" Space Hulks, they didn't add a lot to the concept. This was a chance for (a) other enemy types. Yes, Genestealers come in different varieties--but still, all kinda ""the same thing"". The terrain is non-interactive for the most part. You can break or lock doors--but that's about it.This could have been more like a table-top RPG in terms of having you find or do things that are outside the scope of the Space Hulk board game. I'm sure people would have complained about that too--but I feel like this was a missed opportunity.Also: I know that the ships look like ""giant flying cathedral spaceships""--but a bunch of them seem to have literal stone block walls. I'm guessing that *is* canonical--but I felt like the design team was told giant-space-cathederals and just went with ""cathedrals with a few video monitors and metal doors here and there.""TL;DR - this is a well designed (esp given the uniqueness of the concept) WH40K swarm-shooter. It doesn't expand the genre much and it has a heavy tech requirement--but it DOES deliver playing the board game as an FPS."
76561198172075395,Recommended,298900,34005119,Posted: 3 August,all,allen6896,ITS GOOD
,Recommended,298900,28727390,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,General Kazeeem,"I'm going to be completely honest. I cannot reccomend this game to everyone. The aesthitics are utterly breathtaking, pacing up and down the corridors of the various space hulk ships, slaughtering xenos while looking at the beautiful gothic architecture. Massive statues, large mechanicus bells, huge church alters and works of stained glass. It truly captures the feeling of a space hulk.If you love warhammer 40k, i can reccomend this game.I CANNOT reccomend this if you are just getting into warhammer.For me, the architecture of each ship is enough to get past how the gameplay becomes stale over time. It doesn't really change.Get to point A, activate item B, kill xenos, repeat, occasionally fighting bosses.In all, as a work of art, this game is beautiful. As a game, it's lacking. The AI is fairly good, they do seem to have some kind of planning and will swarm, flank and all that.The artifacts in the game dont really do anything, but are still neat to look at when you find them.Some people have been complaining about feeling weak in the terminator armor.Yes, they are meant to be essentially walking tanks unstoppable by anything but the heaviest of weaponry, but it wouldn't be much fun to just blow through a tyranid swarm by yourself in 30 seconds now would it.It's a game. Some realities have to be sacrificed.Although i could totally go for a realism mode in which swarms are larger and they do minimal damage to you. More of an arcade mode really.If you can get over the fact that the gameplay is lacking, then you will love the great history and architecture in each ship, and you can see the love they put into this game, to the point of being able to read the inscription on every single purity seal. If you aren't into 40k, give this one a pass."
76561197997892813,Recommended,298900,33160498,Posted: 2 July,all,Dire_Sloth,"Exceedingly cool looking, great visual and audio design work in general. Actual gameplay is sub-par, feels unfinished in a lot of ways. Put it on easy mode, enjoy a stoming romp through Ridley Scott's goth phase."
,Not Recommended,298900,28575924,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[F4P] Flarebear,"I very much wanted this to be good, but unfortunately the gameplay, pacing, and controls never come together. There are long stretches of corridors with enemies thrown at you in small packets - which feels like it's trying really hard to be like Left 4 Dead or Vermintide, but not quite. There's too much downtime, and the combat is over too quickly - not that it's easy.You can easily die in a few hits, and the game's UI is just too clunky to convey how close to death you are. There's a suit indicator and parts of it turn red or black when they're damaged or destroyed, but you don't get any real sense of feedback. One moment you think you're fine, the next you're looking at a ""You are Dead"" screen. The combat feedback is just poor all around. Melee attacks have a long, awkward windup - and there's no sense of impact. Same issue with weapons. The bolter doesn't feel like a bolter, the power fist doesn't feel like a power fist, the thunder hammer, etc. The animation, delay, and tuning are all so off. Add on top of that the insane amount of lag I experienced, even as the host.The multiplayer is really the only mode worth playing, as the single player is just the multiplayer with completely braindead AI bots - who won't do anything unless you tell them to. The command wheel is clunky and unresponsive too, so I found myself just issuing random commands accidentally because the wheel has a delay too. Everything has a delay.The only thing I can really compliment the game for is aesthetics, and even then it looks better in screenshots than it does in motion. I don't know if the Steam store screenshots use downsampling or 1440p, but when I maxed out my settings it still didn't look nearly as good.There is a loadout/progression system, but it's on a round-by-round basis. You lose all of your progression at the beginning of every match, and have to adjust your loadout, skills, and talents as you progress through a map - which slows down the pacing even more.The developers had a cool idea, but almost everything is executed poorly. Ultimately, this game needs at least a year's worth of patches. There are better Warhammer games out there, and Space Hulk just doesn't live up to their example."
76561198078656920,Not Recommended,298900,28369479,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Twaar,"Edit 18.08.17It's still BS-Just another bad optimised beta-release, for the price of a finished game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28467522,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Daeus,"This game is good looking, feels alright witht he control of the characters and shows potential.Where it falls short is having menu systems clearly designed for consoles. Constant crashes and as an Australian the inability to join any multiplayer games at all.Some of these flaws aren't due to the game being rushed; they're just poor design. I urge the developers to go look at the CS: Source server browser. This is how you do a server browser. How anyone thinks it's acceptable to lack a sort by region or ping feature is absolutely beyond me.While the game looks good as I stated it suffers from horrible performance. Running an overclocked i5 4670k @ 4.4GHz and a GTX 1080 this game drops to as low as 14fps. No other shooter does this. DOOM is stable at 144 fps on my PC for comparison!My opinion; this game is dead on release and it would take fast and massive changes to salvage it."
76561198024217768,Recommended,298900,28435036,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,boblish,"if you are a fan, then this game is for you, the attention to detail is just mind blowing, i spent two hours just looking around  the ship, it is awsome...the graphs are top  draw, its just a great game all round...but...you have to be into this...for first timers, you may not know what its about, even so, it is worth the money for a shooter fan....get this game..!!! 10/10"
76561198021743584,Not Recommended,298900,28382364,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,nitzy99,"Well, I have looked forward to this game for a long time.  I am a big 40k fan.  I was on both the closed Beta and the Pre-purchase beta.  In both cases, I told the devs that I couldn't even play the game because I was able to change keybindings one time, but then the reset didn't work and the keybindings accidental.  What this did was basically kill my ability to play.  So, I asked them if they could please fix key bindings so it simply FUNCTIONS (eg you click on an action and then click on the key you want to bind to it, hit save and done.).  Well, despite feedback from myself and multiple people, they actually managed to mess this up worse for the official launch.  I CAN'T EVEN PLAY THE GAME because my key bindings for psy gate and all psychic powers (except one) are blank.  And then, of course, I can't bind new ones to them because binding DOESN'T WORK!  Pathetic.  I shot myself in the foot by buying a key or I would be getting a refund.  Fix the damn controls and let us BIND them the way we want to bind them.  It's unfortunate because I love Space Hulk.  So very dissapointed.  Devs, I'll revisit the review if you fix this and contact me.  I am not spiteful, just upset over this crap."
76561198130344049,Not Recommended,298900,28382363,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,reaperofwar89,"yea when the game does work its fun but i have yet to complete a full online level. Its constantly crashing. I hate when they release broken games, why not just push it back a month and try to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥right the first time. I will be getting refund. Like i said when it works its fun as hell and has potential but with constant crashing its another broken game."
76561198065063635,Recommended,298900,32654254,Posted: 22 June,all,Jamesarino Pastarino,i like it
,Recommended,298900,33892115,Posted: 29 July,all,Mocosloco,"Tepid buy for this game, if the dev team makes the relics do something and has an inspiration from vermintide.....zomg will be great......otherwise shoot some aliens in the face."
,Recommended,298900,28448827,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Commissar Draco,"In light of all the negative reviews, most which seem to be about performance issues, this is an enjoyable, atmospheric, first person shooting dungeon crawler.  I've been sticking to the single player until they can patch up the issues with multiplayer, but I have been enjoying every bit of it.Trudging around the derelict space hulk as one of the emperors finest, mowing down hordes of genestealers until their bodies literally pile up to the ceiling, the massive levels to get lost in unless you're constantly checking your map, all feel right in place with the 40k universe.The AI may seem a bit bland at times, whether its enemies pouring in through the same entrance just asking for a plasma bolt to the face, or the idiotic AI companions they stick you with in the campaign,  There are some things that could have used a bit more work and seemed rushed out the door for release.It may not be the perfect 40k game everyone was hoping for, but in the spectrum of failed 40k games, this is one of the few that got it right.  I would recommend it to any 40k or L4D fans."
76561198007523823,Not Recommended,298900,28397255,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tree Diagram,"ERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerERROR: Disconnected from ServerWhen it works, it's a whole lot of fun. It just almost never works...."
,Not Recommended,298900,28763971,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Brojack,"I loved how the game felt and looked, getting lots of crashing so hard to finish.  Will revisit later.Hopefully they add some more stuff to the game along with future bug fixes.If you're down for throwing away some dosh for a weekend playthrough with friends then this wouldn't be a bad purchase on sale assuming they get the crashes down a bit more.  Really sucks when the host crashes =("
,Not Recommended,298900,29035489,Posted: 5 January,all,Kamikazejones,"I pre-ordered this game with the great excitement of slaying insane numbers of xenos only to be faced with disappointement, so to start off let me get out the good stuff first.Visuals- hands down awesome the designers/ modellers / artist should all get a pat on the back and hearty hand shaking cause the designs are beautiful. The scenery nice, the Terminators mmmmm.mmmm total eye candy goodness.  Great Job in that department. I spent more time staring at the terminators and the architecture of the game.//end of PROs//Now for the bad parts:Poor optimizations- you would hear/ read alot if you go searching the net, FPS drops, stuttering, being the primary complaints especially during the horde spawns FPS just plummets considering the fights usually takes place in tight corridors.For some connectivity issues when it comes to multiplayer, DC's, and other Coop problems- I personally had no problems playing and/or connecting to a friend's game. My main problem was the stuttering/FPS drops that causes 2sec freezes during horde fights.A shallow game mechanic- Personally I find it okay but you read on how there's little to nothing under the hood of the game, It's a step up from other horde games like L4D and Vermintide being you had more abilites to play around with and progression of sorts (this i don't quite agree with since your progression in the multiplayer game seems to reset each time you start over i could be wrong since i haven't played this game much. now why you ask? it's because the game turns unplayable for me when the FPS starts to dive and it starts stuttering and having 2 secs freezing during horde fightsStory- poorly written, and wasn't developed much. Even the ending was lackluster from what i read almost as bad as the ending for ""No Man Sky"".To wrap up i do not recommend you get this game at it's current state and suggest you buy this goes when it goes on sale at a later date until they've patch up this game as it was obviously rushed and was not ready to be released(the game's ending pretty much shows how much more polish and shine this game needed). It had potential but the oppotunity was squandered.Id' rate it a 4/10."
76561198039498168,Not Recommended,298900,29037815,Posted: 5 January,all,Lupius,The lag..the laaaaaaaaag.
,Not Recommended,298900,28398669,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Something Wycked,"This game has so much promise but doesn't deliver. You, and others of the First Company, assault the space hulk via boarding torpedoes. What happens when the torps impact and you're ready to rush in and board? Nothing. The game cuts to a briefing screen that you can't skip. You have to wait until the whole wall of text has been slowly read to you. Then you click Proceed, and you proceed with boarding the space hulk... Which is empty. I know they intended to delay the action to make it more atomospheric, but they really built up the boarding sequence and it was very anticlimactic.Then you wander around for a little bit, chasing a blip on the map while you repeatedly encounter doors that you try to open but they refuse, just to make you wander around the combat-free hallways a bit more. The environments are gorgeous, but there isn't even spooky music going on to set the mood.After some more wandering, the first combat happens, getting surrounded as expected. Except the enemies did something to completely obscure my view, so I'm spinning around and swinging my sword blindly... I get a very brief flash of unclouded vision, and then the game cuts to a death screen- great job Librarian, you didn't have a chance in hell and you died so you suck.Press the Restart button. Where does the game restart me at? The opening cinematic for the first mission. Not an autosave point somewhere close to where I died, or where I found the first or second blips on the map, but all the way back at the damn beginning, forced to watch the intro cinematic again. Alt+F4, leave negative review."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393561,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,kaolbrec,"This game had terrible issues in the open beta, but I stuck to my guns in the hope that it was just a very old build. The interface was terrible, the performance abysmal and the game gave you no hints as to how to accomplish anything, even in the tutorial.Now the game has released, the interface has been improved greatly and I can ignore the lack of hints since I've already learned it once.But the performance and stability are still dire. One of our group can't maintain an FPS above 20, for no obvious reason. As host, I have crashed repeatedly, ending the session for everyone, again for no obvious reason. Parts of the interface stop working, players desync (leaving me endlessly unloading a stormbolter as seen by everyone else) and FPS drops are frequent even on stronger systems that maintain smooth FPS most of the time.The game should not have been released in this state, and although I would hope for a swift patch, I will be seeking a refund, in the hope of sending a stronger signal that rushing out games is not a sound business decision."
76561198295890882,Recommended,298900,28469714,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,fundead67,"WOW.... I love this as a game experience capturing the feel of the warhammer 40k universe... But I only have one complaint... and its a BIG one... its just way too difficult on the campaign setting... They gotta tone it down in a patch or something, cuz its just beyond difficult to the point of impossible... Otherwise great FPS version of being a WH40k space marine, graphics amazing, gameplay amazing, but difficulty is off the charts... and i have its et on ♥♥♥♥♥ level too, the easiest setting...lol... I havent even tried multiplayer where i think this game is getting its bad reviews... I just want a playable doable campaign cuz i love this universe and world... theyve captured it perfectly... but jesus guys, turn it down a notch...lol"
76561198005740239,Recommended,298900,28566276,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GreenHorns,"SO far the Game is Great! Emperor Protects! Black Templars For Life!Update*So far Game is good ppl see ''loads of bad reviews'' not sure what the F they wanted to see but for me as a W40K supporter this looks Great! the Beta had bugs in it but thats the Beta! and was out there so ppl can Help improve the game give some feedback and help out,Game release was not so Massive train crash...show me the new games that has never had this type of♥♥♥♥♥♥BF1 had loads of  problems and so on,still this is NEW area for Workshop folks and for me so far looks great! and they still giving out Hot fixes so u can Go kill those XENO Bugs! EMPEROR PROTECTS!!!"
,Recommended,298900,28568006,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Thorium-G,"Yes, It is not the best game ever made. I personally would give it a sure >80% rating.Most people didn´t get that this is not a FPS but a tactical Coop-Game simulation Terminator-Armors.Yes, the Animations are a little weak... but for a low cost title totaly ok... when I compare what glitches I see in premium multimillion $$$ titles for a pricetag >$60 like BF1, Doom or COD... then I am totally happy."
76561198028583221,Recommended,298900,28576044,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,UberGrunt,"The level of detail in this game is simply stunning, there's nothing else to add. Every technical detail in this game contributes to bring the atmosphere and Grimdark ambience of 40k to life. This by FAR is one of the greatest examples of what the atmosphere of 40k should be in a video game. Satisfying gunplay along with decent skill progression keep the game interesting, while the story is actually engaging enough to keep you playing till the end. Overall, at the price, it's a great buy.The only thing holding this game back is performance issues which the devs are resolving. There are some CPU workarounds that practically get rid of the worst of the bugs. but beware if your rig isn't on the high end.8/10 would mow down 'nids with Chaingun again and again."
76561198048554605,Recommended,298900,28619018,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trash lord,"this seems like a very promising game to me, and i want it to work out so badly. nut for now i would have to say wait until they have updated the game some more, or grab it during a sale and bunker down waiting fot the updates"
,Recommended,298900,28658352,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PSYCHOMANIAC,"I like it, Lovely graphics, feel like your moving a literal tank, Anyone who ♥♥♥♥♥es about it not being truthfull to the lore needs to find out what ""fun"" means"
,Recommended,298900,28765683,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Owl Of Wisdom,"Decent game, crap optimization. Worth a try."
,Recommended,298900,28468435,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Paragon,Spacehulk: DankwingPurge Xenos with lagA true challenge for the 40k fanatic9/11 would crash spacehulk again.
,Recommended,298900,28551315,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Jew Hunter,"So despite the mixed reviews I picked up this game (something I normally don't do) and I have to say it is fantastic. The overall atmosphere of the game is spot on for the WH40k universe. Single player and multiplayer worked fine for me. I'm guessing that the patch on 12/21 fixed a lot of the issues people were having from a technical standpoint. That being said, multiplayer is just the story missions done over again with levels you earn on the multiplayer class resetting each individual level(though I did somehow manage to keep my spear of caliban between levels, probably an unintentional bug) I would love to see multiplayer offering proceduraly generated content in the future and if that was offered I would totally be okay with the idea of having to get dlc to get chaos space marine and/or ork incursions. If you're a fan of wh40k I'd say get it in a heart beat. Definitely a game to be played with the lights off and no other monitors on in order to fully immerse yourself in the dark and gritty atmosphere which they absolutely nailed spot on.Single player be prepared to rearrange load outs, just because you unlock something doesnt necessarily mean you want to equip it to the ai's or yourself. Multiplayer is the opposite just about anything you unlock is gonna be better than what you had.TLDR: It seems like they hammered out most of the bugs with the most recent patch and it's a fantastic game.Cleanse, Purge, Kill"
,Recommended,298900,28551958,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,OrangeBasket,"Despite all its performance issues and bugs, this game is one hell of a co-op shooters for those looking for a visceral Left 4 Dead-vibe experience, but with more immersive settings, better graphics, tigher corridors and a LOT for melee mayhem."
,Recommended,298900,28576031,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Skrewloose,just want to say it works fine on ultra with no FPS problems for me. using GTX 970. not played  itt muchh  but thought i would get it out there due to the negative comments regarding performance issues. maybe its the recent patch.
76561198196823886,Recommended,298900,28696643,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cook2_14,i like the graphics and the game play is pretty sweet
76561198005681886,Recommended,298900,28590591,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BoBTard,"So i think this game is badass always loved 40k in my younger days but wtf is happening started to get game crashes now cache needs verifying everytime i load the game wtf sort this bs out please and the games deserves a thumbs up just for what it is ,ps sort the bugs out stop making me cry so hard lolol"
,Not Recommended,298900,28534988,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Remos,"Game is unpolished and feels rushed. Maybe another 6 months in production could have made the difference, but at the moment the game just don't have enough content for that price tag. 9 hours of gameplay and one single plot line kill this one rather quickly and without much effort.However! You never know if there's DLC abound and how well this is patched eventually. At the moment however... perhaps not worth of your time."
,Recommended,298900,28366812,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ImperiumOfGaming TV,"Ok so ive played the game for 50ish hours and this is what I have to say.The game now as of 17/2/2016 is good, its a good hack and slash, looks great and can be great fun. The game has some epic potential, but is yet to show it.The games story line is somewhat♥♥♥♥♥♥but meh its fine i suppose, Single player is great fun and can be very challenging depending on how hardcore you want to play it.Overall as it stands....7/10 score from me."
76561198024005413,Recommended,298900,28805783,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LupinThe3rd,I've logged into 20 ppls servers because there pw to that server was their name or the server name if I remeber correctly I crashed into a twitch streamer I had a good long lul because of this game because when I joined all they could do is stare at me or quit out after 5 levels I saved them many times.
76561198044066869,Recommended,298900,28380393,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vvulf,"Emjoyable game, good story, looks very pretty. Playign on launch night after 3 hours, alot of crashes (4 or 5).Coop classes seem fun but a little unbalanced, librarians magic should be stronger but on a loger cool down imo. Would have been nice to get character development saved on coop characters, maybe up to level 20 with different weapons and abilities unlocked higher up the trees.Overall a good start, but hopefully they will handle this as well as fatshark have handled the VERY similar vermintide and make free alterations and dlc."
76561198078507552,Recommended,298900,28380480,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ThePuddinator90,"wow super tired of people using the reviews for support tickets. THE GAME HAS BUGS ITS DAY ONE THEY WILL BE FIXED ♥♥♥♥ OFF WE WANT TO HERE WHAT YOU THINK OF THE GAMEPLAY. lets say that again GAMEPLAY.I will update this when i get more time in game, but for the time being in the short time ive had a chance to play the graphics are great and i feel like a badd♥♥♥♥♥stomping around. the controls are pretty good as well i wish the tutorial had the option to tell you a gamepad controls and not just mouse and keyboard, so for the time being ill  be playing with that.all in all the single player looks and feels amazing soo far and you really get a feel for how ****** up the 40k universe is as soon as you start the game,BUT YES ITS NOT VERY WELL OPTIMIZED IT WILL BE FIXED IF YOUR GONNA B**** ABOUT IT BUY IT AFTER ITS FIXED"
76561197987100765,Recommended,298900,28515003,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SHITBENDER,A moment of Laxity spawns a lifetime of Heresy
,Recommended,298900,28404602,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Drac,I love it<3
76561198074309450,Recommended,298900,28393559,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zyklon Bee,"EDIT: The performance of this game has greatly improved since launch. It is now playable on my admittedly underpowered rig and I am having a lot of fun with it. Totally worth it on sale if you're a warhammer fan.________________________________________________________________________________This game would be decent if I could run it, but it looks like I cant. If you are looking for a horde survival game and have a good computer deathwing is worth a shot, otherwise you should be aware that the performance at the time of this review is atrocious on older systems.If you're curious about the specifics of the game performance I have a GTX 780 and an AMD A10-6800k processor and I was getting single digit framerates at times. Changing the graphics settings didn't have a noticeable difference. I'm not going to pretend I know much about optimizing video games but I know enough to see when a game is unplayable for me."
76561197989175368,Recommended,298900,28445517,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ssharky,"Apart from random freezes and few bugs the game is really good. Really depressing and sullen atmosphere of a space hulk, great fun shooting and combat and an astonishing amount of detail to the surroundings."
76561198007243532,Recommended,298900,28445649,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,theincrediblebulk,"Eight hours of a whole lotta meh, co-op is fun as long as you have a good interwebs connection"
76561198024063593,Recommended,298900,28438450,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lord Humungus,"This game visually and atmospherically nails the universe.  Everything from the (what I would imagine as accurate) swarm AI to the sounds of most of the weapons really makes me feel like I'm in the universe.  That said the game does have a few issues that need to be worked outPros:- First person Space Marine vs 'Nid action- Terminators feel very heavy, addint to the immersion- Look and sounds are mostly spot on and really drags you into the universe of the game- While a negative to some, the mindless action is somewhat theraputic, but, again, fits the overall feel of this particular part of the 40k universe.  The terminators are there to walk the halls and purge the Genestealers (among other story related items).  They aren't saving the universe from the a full on tyranid fleet.Cons:- Melee doesn't have quite the same impact (both from sound effects and feedback) that you would hope for- A bit buggy (mild framerate issues and very rare crash (running on an i5-3570K cpu, 1070 GTX gpu, and 16gb RAM)- One particularly frustrating bug is one that causes weapons to return to default when leaving cutscenes or hacked turrets (flamer would return to a storm bolter after story cutscene, assault cannon would return to storm bolter after hacking a turret)No Comment:- I haven't tried the multiplayer yet so I cannot comment on the playbility of it at this time.Overall, the game is exactly what i expected it to be.  It feels great, plays pretty well, and is a good dose of 40k action, especially compared to a certain recent failure (Eternal Crusade </3).  This is a great game for 40K buffs, but others might find it unfulfilling."
76561197993464677,Recommended,298900,28443984,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Nanuk,nice game will be even better once it is playable over more than 20 minutes a go
76561198015588937,Recommended,298900,28445244,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kokujin,"Absolutely amazing! Do not hear about problems from those with poor rigs - you will need a powerfull machine to run that smoothly - I have 2016 gaming level rig (GTX1080, i7, 32GBram, SSD, 4k monitor) and I am playing MAX details with more that 40FPS. No hangs, no crashes.Game is beautiful - you can feel and see all the hard work the developers put into that game. Locations are amazing. I do recommend playing on the last two difficulties to feel the real mood of deserted space hulk full of deadly Tyranids.This is not a simple bullet spray shooter on hard level. You will need to adapt, wisely choose your squad weapons setup, your psyhic build etc. check the best position, give orders to your battle brothers. It is hard and intense.It is also a perfect fit for Warhammer 40k mechanics - yeah sure Terminators are ultra tough but in battle version 2 genestealers in close combat are more than enough to finish them (unless equiped with Storm Shield and Thunderhammer). I have the feeling that lost of users that are complaing about game mechanics was simply expecting zombie shooter.. This game is not a zombie shooter - Tyranids are inteligent and they will adapt, gather and use the best way possible to swarm and overrun your Terminators. Good job Devs for planning AI. If you are only depending on raw power of your guns - you will fail and probably produce a bad review. You will have to use your brain, consult your map, plan which doors need to be blocked, which aproach will be the best etc.Game has a few minor bugs (guns changing to default sometimes when hacking turrets, mission beacon dissapears after loading game) but they are definitelly not a game breakers.If you are W40K fan this is the best game in this universum ever. I mean it - and I think I've played them all. If you are nort a W40K fan but you are looking for a very nice looking game that requires more than fast trigger you will not be disappointed.For the Emperor!"
,Recommended,298900,28445477,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Avedawg,"Single player awesome gameplay and performance for me and my rig good,  multiplayer is another thing really sucks if you can't stay connected or even join a game but overall game is good for single player just came out I'm sure there working on a way to fix this... Fingers crossed"
76561198089239196,Recommended,298900,28445862,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,buckfast99,single player is a bit long winded but to enjoy it u have to make sure u have time on your hands dont rush just take it nice and easy and put it on a difficulty u struggle but can do noob rushing it on easy ruins it but on a decent difficulty for your skill considering u can die from a swarm at every corner makes u take ur time popping out to take a peek so u dont get gunned down or rushed off the bat makes it more intense when u get into it or should i lock this door i might want to run back thru it at some pointmultiplayer it has issues with crashes and if the host crashes games gone try again sucksBUTplaying with randoms makes it madness more enemies per player makes some intense back to back action surviving against seemingly endless swarms of enemies running for your life so other people can res its jsut an intense fight from start to finish allmost on each mission and each mission u may take a different route or players may react differently same as the ai may come from a dif door cos u didnt lock it this time makes it change most times the basic missions are the same tho it does have areas where u have to fight huge swarms ect so its not entirely differentnot played with a team with ts yet so i cant comment on how it will turn out but considering the different weapons and abilitys from classes the amount of tactics u can use from the class choice seems immense thats b4 u start using tactics in the actual game covering each other as u run down corridors holding up in a corner with heavy weapons blazing or jsut have a load of tactical guys to insta res everyone :Dit has ALOT of potential iv not found many bugs in the game yet 15 hours in other than the crashes as hostyou do get fps drops in intense firefights but given the graphics its to be expected i supose :Dgraphics 10/10single player when done taking my time 8/10multiplayer with randoms 9/10i love this game already give it a month i might of calmed down on it unless dlc's with extra maps/mission come outwell worth £25 in my oppinion but everyone likes different things :Drunning on high textures with med/high everything else with fx8350 16GB 1866 ddr3 r9 290need a pc upgrade to see it in all its glory :D
76561197970837684,Recommended,298900,28446071,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,3DShadow,"It needs a patch yes but it is a vry good game I will ply more and then do a propper review,but it's everything I need to start with can't wait for more content."
76561198065361394,Recommended,298900,28446355,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[V-M] Aurrileus,"Okay, so we all know this game has some issues, so let's start there.Cons:-Constant crashes in multiplayer-Multiplayer not connecting at all-A meh at best single player experince-Weird tyranid spawns-Poor optimization-Vermintide-esque horde splatterhouse <-- (enjoyable game btw)Now let's talk about the good stuff.Pros:-Absolutely stunning and immersive Warhammer 40K environment-Decent singleplayer AI (for the terminators)-Sometimes surprising Tyranid AI(i.e. flanking, ambushes, etc)-Fun multiplayer experience (when it works)-Nice voice acting (I want some combat dialogue damnit)This game is new, and they have been working on it for a while, but I think it can become an excellent Space Hulk game. The base is definitely there and we have never seen a Warhammer environment so passionately designed before. It needs patching, like any newly released game. It needs optimizing, it needs some fuggin Terminator combat dialogue. But it's a good start. There are times I really feel like I'm in a Space Hulk and there are times when I know they're showing off beautiful level design. The AI needs some work, and these phasing Tyranids are most likely a performance thing, but my god if that motion detector wasn't there you'd eat tyranid scheiße way sooner. I'm gonna keep playing, andi'm gonna hope for the best."
,Recommended,298900,28438852,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ChipChipperson,"Kind of an uneasy recommendation at the moment due to performance issues, so I'd say keep an eye out for a patch or a deep sale first. Have to give them credit for creating such a great atmosphere within the space hulk, as well as making the player truely feel gargantuan inside your terminator armor. The AI has it's issues, notably they refuse to heal themselves without your permission so you kinda have to keep an eye on their health if you don't want them to die constantly.All in all, in my opinion its quite a fun first person point A to point B horde shooter, and I was never  without motivation or left questioning why I was doing something. Also notable: It has great native 21:9 support, the hud is scaled properly and the only thing that remains 16:9 are the cutscenes and loading screens."
76561198006452170,Recommended,298900,28440182,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Balorn,"I'm really enjoying the single player campaign, starts of a bit slow in the first chapter, then ramps up nicely. Weapons unlock progresively and your Brothers are not to bad. Although I had one shut himself on the wrong side of a door and run through the space hulk to get to me, very funny. Second time he did it I got him to smash the door down instead. After that I learnt to walk a little further through the door before giving the command to block it.There are a lot of things in the space hulk levels that will probably only mean anything to fans of  Warhammer 40K and if you like their universe it is amazing. I've spent ages exploring areas I was not meant to be in yet.You don't move very fast and you don't take cover, but combat feels fast and hectic in the bigger fights, lots of fun and a good game."
76561198031009393,Recommended,298900,28440417,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,R E A L N I B B A H O U R S,its ok
76561198127734551,Recommended,298900,28445775,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,monkeychuka,"About halfway through the campaign, I was knee deep (no, actually waist deep) in genestealer corpses with even more of the vile xenos boiling up through a nearby vent.  At this point I decided to forgive the game any technical issues.  Dripping with atmosphere, the attention to detail is remarkable.  You can almost smell the Shadow in the Warp.  I just wish there was more time to admire the scenery.It has Ymgarls in it (well, kind of).  If they'd told me that at the get go, I wouldn't have hesitated to purchase.  So my opinion is almost certainly not objective.  However, if you're at all interested in creepy corridor shooters then its worth a look.  If you're a fan of the board game then it is imperative that you buy it immediately.  Oh, and I'm finding multiplayer coop a blast and haven't experienced any glitches with that (yet!).  Admittedly I have a PC which meets the recommended requirements (just barely) and I'm not playing on the highest settings."
,Recommended,298900,28384495,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Safex,I can't wait to come back to this game. Since release the developer has continuously fixed performance and making it the game it should be.
,Recommended,298900,35038030,Posted: 17 September,all,Denis Page,Very nice ambient (horror space game)Perfect sound effectsGood graphicsPerfect for co-ophttps://youtu.be/JJkc98JHHrU
,Recommended,298900,28458960,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Boreale,"This game is amazing with a full squad. Sp is lacking but its an mp game after all.Weapon damages are low, a storm bolter a freaking storm bolter is basically useless. Anything under an assault cannon is useless...Still, a must have!"
76561197967623611,Not Recommended,298900,28384970,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SanGrail,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, but god in heaven this game just cant be played with your mates. even the pre-order beta was less crashy. I just.... ugh.unless you are incredibly patient, and don't want to play multiplayer, give this one a miss until its cleaned up a bit."
76561198024445042,Recommended,298900,28402618,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,yo ho ho ho  yo ho ho ho hoooo,crashing simulator 2016
76561198038361062,Recommended,298900,28366206,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Meek,"So ♥♥♥♥ing Angry, the Corpse Emporer had apart in this intitial Heresy. Fix it or will refund.Started bugging and FPS dropping through the first door, and then my cpu usage for the game dropped from 75% to 10%..... LOLPlayed in the beta and the turturial was so smooth its like they fixed the one level so good....."
,Recommended,298900,28366373,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alt - Smorcest,Great game for purging Xenos
,Recommended,298900,28366431,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Wyldosis,FOR THE EMPORER!I have got to say that this game does absolute justice to both the tabletop and the 1995 space hulk game. Definitely a worthy successor. It is atmospheric in the right places but also generally just pretty.It has a few performance issues right now but nothing unplayable unless you are a graphics hog (I'm playing on high with an i5 3.2ghz and a gtx970 and have no issues whatsoever.) Multiplayer is a bit buggy but overall This game is definitely worth the check out.If you like 40k and space hulk in general then get this game. If not get it when its more optimised.
76561198019142846,Recommended,298900,28379936,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,anastymoocow,so yes it had the occasional frame drop but apart from that it runs mint on my hardware(gtx 1070 i5 6600k 3.3ghz) not a super fast pace game but you get to walk around in terminator armour smiting dirty xenos scum 10/10 love it
,Not Recommended,298900,28379977,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Keinichn,"Save your money and stick with L4D. Graphically, it reminds me of 2006-2008 games and looks nothing like the screenshots show, even on maximum graphics.-Frame rates are very inconsistent. I'd get sub 30 fps on the title screen and the game would bounce between 45-60.-In the first hour of the game, I was not able to start shooting things until 45 minutes in. Even then, the waves were scripted and basic. If they weren't scripted, they were definitely predictable and short-lived.-Multiplayer is just the story chapters. No map based ""campaigns"" like L4D.-Movement is slow and you feel like you're in a bulky suit of armor. Some may enjoy this, I do not.-Tutorial is very basic and explains little. It explains one of your psychic abilities but not the others.For now, save your money. This is not as enjoyable as the trailers make it seem."
76561198060076497,Recommended,298900,28379993,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SinisterChill,Its better than crusade
76561198246199106,Recommended,298900,28388317,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SunsetUnicornExplosion,Really good game so far. Needs a patch to fix some performance issues but its still running pretty smooth on a 1070 . The graphics and details are really appreciated from a 40k fan .
76561198064276278,Recommended,298900,28717725,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vuld_Edone,"Second time I modify my opinion, this time due to the big update.Still just a casual player, still haven't finished the campaign nor touched multiplayer.On the plus side, the atmosphere is awesome, the maps are vasts and full of details, the gameplay is solid (nothing innovative but it definitely does its work) and well-balanced (size of clips, speed, etc...). A mission will last around 40mn to 1 hour and there ar 9 of them.On the minus side: lengthy loading times, stupid AI, a clunky interface and the feeling that maps are empty (when you look for relics). Oh, and basically no story.Last patch had made me like the game: ""It's not frustrating anymore. Easy is easy, hard is hard, fair is fair. I can die and reload with a shrug.""This update made one big change for me: faster loading times. Back then you wondered if the game had crashed, and you could have two loading screens back to back. Now it's a single ten to twenty seconds and you're good to go. Still a bit eh, but way, way better than way back then.So yeah, as I said a year ago:It's fun to play and has its own thing, forcing you (on an actual difficulty) to be tactical. But if you want to be like me, a filthy casual all powerful with mighty guns, wiping out swarms of xenos? You can.It's a WYSIWYG (What you see is what you get). Watch a video, if you like what you see, it's what you'll get from start to finish."
,Recommended,298900,28365459,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DeathsAdvokit,"THe game so far has been alot of fun especially if enjoy the Warhammer 40k lore. The largest draw back for myself is the unexpected difficulty spikes, and the frame drops and im running the game on a R9 290x.So other than those minor issues i have run into so far i would recomend this game."
,Recommended,298900,28366215,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grobi,Purging with three brothers and already in chapter one a dark AppCrash xeno descended upon us...
76561198013690947,Recommended,298900,28366500,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Momonga,While not terribly well optimized its a fun terminator simulator with some epic setpieces
,Not Recommended,298900,28379918,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,hacknj,"DONT DO IT!I'd only pick this up if your a die hard 40k fan. Also only if you have a very very high end pc.Pros:Graphics are gorgeuousSound effects are really niceCo-opCONS:poor framerate (not optimized)gameplay is very 1dimensional , just not fun"
76561197969358904,Recommended,298900,28388176,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dcal,"Very nice so far, graphics and atmosphere are excellent. Has a very tense ""Aliens"" like feeling. Good work."
,Recommended,298900,28388211,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gr1bble,"The game has a few release bugs, which is a shame.  Mostly they seem to affect multiplayer.  However, the single player campaign so far is great, and I have high hopes that the bugs will be ironed out and leave us with a very awesome Space Hulk game."
,Recommended,298900,28368393,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DarkFire,"FOR THE EMPEROR!!!My syetm specs: i7 6700K @ 4GHz, MSI GTX1080, 32GB PC3000 RAM & a 2TB Samsung 850 series SSD. Running in 1920x1080 with every setting at maximum except AA which is set at Temporal 1.To start, Deathwing really gives an immersive feeling of being an elite Space Marine in Terminator armour. You clump around noisily and relatively slowly and it really feels like you're sat inside barely mobile but nearly impregnable ancient battle armour. The weapons are satisfyingly powerful and also sound nice and meaty.Xeno AI is relatively good - they attempt to flank or attack from behind but if all else fails will attempt to charge at you and overwhelm you with numbers. The xenos are also very nicely modelled and look every bit the fearsome ravening swarm that they're supposed to be.For single-player use, the AI of your fellow Deathwing Terminators is... passable. I wouldn't go further than that. In more wide open areas your team mates will separate themselves out and use their ranged and melee wepons to good effect. The friendly AI is less good in tight spaces where the genestealers tend to get the drop on them. Happily your apothecary is very competent in healing up himself, you and your 3rd squad mate.As far as sound goes, the voice acting is very good, the music is suitably grimdark but the best of the sound design by far is the ambient audio inside the space hulk: from creaking metal walk ways, the clatter of genestealer claws on pipe work to the various ambient machinery sounds, the audio really helps to give an immersive feel of being inside an ancient space ship that's been taken over by horrors from the warp.Game performance wise, my FPS is stable at over 100 and luckily I haven't suffered from any of the performance degradation issues that others have reported.Ultimately, does Deathwing give a great feel of stomping around a huge, ancient derelict spaceship in ultimate power armour fighting endless swarms of deadly evil from beyond known space? Does it feel properly grimdark? Hell yes! In the name of the Emperor, none shall survive!!"
76561198012711922,Recommended,298900,30375116,Posted: 7 March,all,Captiva,"The game has an awesome atmosphere that is nearly unmatched in the 40k universe. Everything looks really good and detailed.The gameplay so far for me has been moslty just walking from point a to point b shooting anything that moves, and that is exactly what I expected, so so far so good.The game does not run for me as bad as some people are claiming, but it certainly does need some more optimization done. With all settings on the max i get around 40-50 fps on average just walking around. When the horde of aliens show up, it will drop to 30's and maybe mid 20's for a bit when things get really heated and I am surrounded.I just bought a minor upgrade to my gpu with an r9 fury 4gb from an r9 280x 3gb. The 280x ran the game similar with about a 5-10fps less.So to sum it up, the game is good, and fun. It certainly needs more optimization, but if you have a good gpu, you will barely notice the fps drops from what i have seen. I recommend this game because of the really good atmosphere and level design."
,Recommended,298900,28368315,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Danoid,"So im going to give this a positive score just because this game is fun and very much just like the old DOS Space Hulk game. Its great and it brings back memories of those times.BUT, i have to say i am a little bit let down. The game is simply unfinished. I am going to hold off on refunding the game and give it some time for the developers to throw a patch or two at it. For some reason i have to edit the Config file just to get the resolution and framerate that i want. I have a beast of a computer and it should be able to handle anything i throw at it but this game is not optimized at all.The AI is just plain stupid. Both the enemies and the friendlies. Sometimes they just sit there doing nothing. Sometimes they just run into walls all day. The terminators will randomly decide they cant use melee attack and just let themselves die.Also the graphics are pretty good.....pretty good. Not as good as all the early gameplay videos showed and i cannot figure out what i can possibly edit to make my game look as good as that.So if youre on the fence about this game, i would have to say to just wait a little. Give it a few days. If you are dying to play it then try it out for under two hours and refund the crap out of it if they dont update the game soon."
,Not Recommended,298900,28397098,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RE_Stringer,the graphic are ok i would give them a 8/10 game play is ok... the game is not what i expected at all.. :{
,Not Recommended,298900,28386231,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tagger,"Played 50 minutes of it - it is very slow-paced (for a 1.-person game). Just keep that in mind, before you jump on it.Did not feel that much like the previous 'Space Hulk'-titles - despite trying to keep some of the same elements. It just doesn't work that well for a 1.-person shooter.They try and make it feel 'tactical' of sorts (in the sense of you needing to manage your team and where to position and such), but that really doesn't work that well for this game.I won't recommend the game - but I'm sure there will be others out there, that will find this game very good - no doubt about that."
76561197970752241,Recommended,298900,28397739,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,wsgroves,"This is the first W4K game I have really played and I am really enjoying it. The game runs great on my pc even at 4k with 980ti sli (havent tested if sli is used but i think nope), and I have not personally had any crashes yet like some others have said they have.The atmosphere is great and the levels are spectacularly detailed with a lot of exploring to be had. I have never felt so far that this is copied and pasted. Each part feels unique. The game is also pretty hard and you have to be mindful of where you are and what ways the enemy can reach you or you could become overwhelmed.Personally, no clue how people can say the game is terrible, other then possibly having technical issues. I would repurchase again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,298900,35210884,Posted: 25 September,all,Annie May Tiddies,"Game was fun honestly for the price alone, grab some friends and have a blast mowing down some nids."
76561197998978818,Recommended,298900,35213688,Posted: 25 September,all,hel45,A simple but beautiful shooter showcasing 40k's grimdark athmosphere. It's not a tactical game that forces you to continously hone your strategies but it is fun for sure. Recommended to fans of 40k and anyone who just wants to shoot up some nasty aliens.Go for the hardest setting for a real challange - or try it on normal and witness how humanity should have dealt with the xenpmorphs in the Alien franchise.
76561197965787870,Recommended,298900,35179866,Posted: 24 September,all,The Chariot Of Knowledge,"its now polished, solid 40k game with great atmosphere, not sure what people want out of 40k? i have to admit something taking place during the heresy would be awesome"
76561198070134646,Not Recommended,298900,28369546,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KumaBear,"if you have anything but an enthusiast's wet dream of a computer, do not buy this game. My rig is closer to the minimum requirements with a geforce 660 TI - their minimum requirement, 16gb RAM -double their Recommended, and an i7 processor - their recommended and I got the first level to run at 5-10 fps, with it's memory usage sky-rocketing until it crashed my entire system.I am so god damn dissapointed with this game. Just so ♥♥♥♥ing dissapointed.Do not buy"
76561198081913947,Recommended,298900,28388801,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,gundamac2004,"ok..Just finished playing the first two chapters of Space Hulk: Deathwing my over all impression is that it's definately a fun game to play I'm running a GTX 980 and have had NO PROBLEMS! Great looking game but a bit repetitive the normal game play seems a bit overly difficult as you'll be using too much health for you and your comrades just to survive the chapter not to mention trying to find all of the relics when continuously being attacked by hordes of creatures!Also the save feature on the game (in my opinion) is unacceptable you can't save radomly you have to reach a save point which can be fustrating when surviving to a middle point of the chapter to be only killed and having to restart the entire chapter. It's 2016 there is no excuse for THAT especially with a game that has all these twistly long  corridors, that's  just lazy programming. With that being said I've found playing on easy is more satisfying at least you have time to appreciate all the designs and find most if not all of the relics in the game and for the most part explore and still experience a fair degree of aggression from the AI."
76561198043035901,Not Recommended,298900,31430461,Posted: 28 April,all,Navalstar Elite,"Think Before You BuyI'll be honest, I regret buying this game. If you are a Warhammer 40k fanSTAY AWAYfrom this game. The story is really poor, the mechanics are simplistic and uninteresting. The gunplay is not engaging, nor is the melee combat. The primary objectives can be summed up as follows:Go hereDefendMaybe escort a thingyExit to next levelThe secondary objectives are just fetch quests and not even worth doing. If your really looking for a game, and have the money to waste, go ahead and buy this game, but to everyone else, it's not even worth watching someone else play.ProsGraphics are pretty good, as well as enemy model designThe locking and breaking door mechanic is kinda coolConsStory is not interestingHacking mechanic is literally point and clickHacking UI is awfulRewards for doing side quests is worthlessGunplay and melee combat is very dull"
,Not Recommended,298900,34816214,Posted: 8 September,all,iliekP3aches,"I had higher hopes when it went on sale and heard a lot of things were fixed, but after purchasing it seemed to be pretty boring.PROS: -Absolutely beautiful and atmosphericCONS: -Little control over graphics levels-Weak sound quality-No music-Lack of multiplayer community (probably due to poor initial release)-Just plain boringKilling wave after waves of enemies doesn't have to be boring or unexciting, just look at Killing Floor. But the shooting has to be fun. Here the sounds are so anemic and the mechanics lacking. Just a lot of wandering around corridors and trying to keep up with allies who think sprinting all the time is a good idea. Now the campaign might be better, I actually hear that's the best part. But it's a shame that this game which should pretty much be l4d in the w40k universe turns out to just be incredibly yawn inducing."
,Recommended,298900,28364959,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,.nightingale,Pest control IN THE NAME OF THE EMPEROR. Game of the Year. Game of the Decade. 11/10. Buy and praise the Lion.THIS REVIEW IS ABSOLUTELY TRUE AND IS NOT REWRITTEN IN ANY WAY BY THE DARK ANGELS.
76561197978293611,Not Recommended,298900,28389402,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Panties,Unoptimized.Constant network errors.Game will sometimes crash if you open inventory.Game will sometimes crash whenever.Impossible to tell how much damage you are taking during a huge fight.Terminator armor performs more like cardboard armorBolter performs more like nerf gunThis game LOOKS good. That's all it has going for it.Refunded.
,Not Recommended,298900,28383491,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kampfort Zone,"This game is a mess.  This is the only game in the last 10 years that has failed to even get to the main menu.I've seen crashes, hard freezes, soft freezes, low fps to completely unplayable fps, and even blue screen system errors in the 25+ years I've been gaming on PCs.  I've only once before encountered a game other than this one that couldn't even get to the MAIN MENU.My system meets all of the game's minimum requirements and meets all of the recommended specs.  There should be no issue getting this game to run and run at least passably well at 1440p.  But it's too bad I can't even see how well or poorly it runs.  I might come back to this and re-purchase it when the godawful errors are corrected."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365189,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Frosin,"Was expecting something similar to Killing Floor, Vermintide, L4D, ect.This was not the case.Thankfully Lord Gaben gives us the gift of steam refund."
,Recommended,298900,28364666,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jarhead,"""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF MY WAY SO I CAN SHOOT THEM!"": The Simulator"
76561198087047737,Not Recommended,298900,34814525,Posted: 8 September,all,scotsman42,"Didn't try it at launch but performance on my decent spec machine is pretty awful once combat starts, you also feel rather removed from the combat. That and the controls for the AI teammates are pretty bad. I was impressed with Steam's refund policy though!GTX 1070, 16GB RAM, 6 core Intel Xeon E5-2620"
76561198082485930,Not Recommended,298900,28382975,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MrKilts,"This game was doing really well, but when I decided to change some of my video settings it started getting super grainy and will not go away. Another 40k game that I wasted money on."
,Recommended,298900,30510718,Posted: 14 March,all,UberPotatoes,"A lot of people have been panning this game because of technical issues, and some lack of polish. But as someone who has actually played one of the games that was previously made by this developer I knew exactly what I was getting into and I enjoyed this game.I enjoy the gameplay and I think the game is, although repetitive, fun to play. I don't really like the MOBA style level up system, or the hacking turrets thing, but it doesn't dampen things enough to bother me. I didn't run into many technical issues and those issues I did run into didn't bother me, and to be honest I was actually expecting the game to be worse.Like I said, I have played a game made by this developer, namely ""E.Y.E. Divine Cybermancy"" and will tell you know that even though I love that game, it is a ♥♥♥♥ing train wreck. The UI is terrible and barely conveys a smidgem of useful information. They have this weird obssesion with radial menus and hacking, and the hacking minigame is obscure and weird. It's this enourmous mess that tried to cram as many gameplay devices as they could into one game without doing any of them particularly well. With this knowledge I was prepared for this game to be another train wreck, and you know it actually wasn't. I felt like the developers actually restrained themselves for this one and as a result they made a game that is actually decent and isn't $60 like pretty much every game nowadays and so I enjoyed it."
76561198238787036,Recommended,298900,31175298,Posted: 16 April,all,[YTG] Rebelkommando616,I'm stuck on this pile of metal with 2 other heret- I mean Dark Angels. All we do it shoot bugs day after day after day.10/10 would purge the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemy againUltramarines is bestsuck my♥♥♥♥
76561197997358785,Not Recommended,298900,28382465,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ErwinRommel,I do not recommend this game until they finished patching all the crashes and FPS hiccups.
,Not Recommended,298900,33970648,Posted: 2 August,all,Tr3b0r,"This is pretty much like Vermintide but Space Hulk style.This game would be great if it didn't run like a epileptic in a disco.It will eventually be great after it has been optimised, but for now it must be avoided.There has already been an optimisation patch that helped a lot, but more work is still needed."
76561198056010838,Not Recommended,298900,30837542,Posted: 30 March,all,Karter Blackpaw,"Space Hulk, a board game from back in the day turned into a remade video game. The premise and idea of being an elite Terminator cleaning Xeno abominations from an abandoned floating space hulk is an awesome idea on paper. But that's all it is, a good idea on paper. In action, this game is too bland and boring to keep you entertained or wanting to go back for more. It also suffers terribly from poor optimization months later and bad frame rates that even the most powerful of computers have issues keeping a solid 30-40 frames at all times. The game is so linear and dull with semi-scripted encounters that walking around from objective to objective is plain tedious. There is just no weight or urgency to your main mission that it feels like a group of three heavily armored brutes got lost in an abandoned shopping mall at night and decided to roam aimlessly. While you do each mission you will be attacked at random by an assortment or genestealers and their brood hybrids. Now this sounds like this will have you on your toes at any potential attack but in reality they feel like an alien looking zombie from Left4Dead which just rushes you like mindless zombies. There is no hive mind or strategy with them. For the Terminators that you play as from the Dark Angels chapter, they are bland and forgettable. You are a librarian with a good assortment of abilities at your disposal as well as weaponry. Though lore friendly for the most part with the weapons, none of them have any weight or impact when you mow down enemies. Not to mention ALL weapon sounds sound pathetically weak. The storm bolter you start off with sounds akin to somebody clapping their hands at Imperial Mass. Some of the weapons seem quite nifty too like the iconic assault cannon, but they even mess that up as well by making the weapon so inaccurate that it makes a blind guy shooting a barn door seem like a crack shot. We haven't even talked about your relic armor yet! The armor on you feels like tissue paper as genestealers can magically rip through it with great ease like a fat guy at a buffet. Even the hybrids using projectile rifles from the 4th millennia seem to puncture it as well even though Terminator armor has been proven to stop bolter rounds and even some tank shells, (guess lore friendly is missing here). Overall, don't buy this game. Hell I don't even recommend it as a drunk co-op game since it just wont hold your attention long enough, not even for the most devout WH40K fans as well...."
76561198074410702,Not Recommended,298900,30796496,Posted: 28 March,all,mark,"Short: The game is not that bad but it is not good enough either. So unless you really like 40k and Dark Angels or Space Hulk or like buying mediocre games: just ignore this one. And I don' t count on a future patch that improves all the issues.I bought this game because the theme interests me: Playing Dark Angels in a 40k video game (finally no smurfs and no thieving magpies to play). But the game was too disappointing to be a good buy.Story: There is basically no plot. Following visions you move through the space hulk, then you retrieve something, then you leave and suddenly the game ends - and that was all. While the plot had potential to deal with the Fallen Angels and hints about the past, the plot had nearly nothing to do with them (or if so, they hid it a bit too well: I found a short entry in a mission computer, that was all). There are never other squads on the map though the story says that this and that part is now under control of the DA and other squads were doing stuff somewhere. I really thought there was some big plot with a twist and whatnot - nope. It is even thinner than the better Black Library stuff. Maybe they hid the story in this one shipcomputer that only printed a binary string? Do the devs think I make a screenshot of that and type it into a bin2ascii converter? Come on!Length: I played it in 11 hours and I think I restarted with an easier difficulty level because the autosave annoyed me. I got uninterested and played through after three months.AI: The team AI is really dumb - the apothecary should heal dangerously injured team members (including himself) automatically because while fighting a giant horde with some boss monsters makes it impossible to give commands via this command wheel interface. Also I cannot count how often a team member stayed on the other side of a door while I was trying to close and lock it. During battle, the command wheel is inefficient so locking the door myself was the only choice - but then I had to use the damn wheel to order the guy inside my room during a horde attack.The monsters are not really dangerous on normal playthrough; just plasma them until they die. Especially boss monsters stay there where you hit them (are they stunned?), so they are only dangerous if there are multiple of them. The team mates sometimes like to run right before you. Left4Dead is so much better regarding team play.Weapons: I tried most of the weapons but only the standard Storm Bolter and the Plasma Cannon are useful: The Bolter is precise and fast and it can be used to snipe enemies. The plasma later is a oneshot killer and it can even be used to snipe. Most of the time the enemies come one after the other so that the slow firing rate does not matter. If they come through or if the weapon jams, the psi powers help out. The other weapons are for close to middle range combat but having bad snipers in the team these weapons are no option. Some of them even have the same stats like the Psi Sword and the Psi Axe or the Power Fist and the Mace of Corswain, so what is the reason to take them? Also: the team members cannot use the better/other weapons. Or I should say the only team member left, because the apothecary cannot use the narthecium if he is equipped any other way. That may be conform to the 40k rules but it sucks in the game.Relics: What is the purpose of searching for relics? Just adding points to upgrade the character? Finding them all is quite tedious and of no special benefit. Also: places I looted had relics later again. wtf? Are the Genestealers dropping them back at the same places?Gameplay: It is Space Hulk, alright. But the missions are pretty repetetive: Ah, so I go to point A, activate something, which triggers a horde, then I have to go to the complete other side of the map (again) to activate something else. Then I go back to the extraction point C which is... on the other side of the map again. Sometimes the mission goal is not shown, so you have to search or guess. On one map I found a switch which was deactivated at that time. Later I had to find it again when it was active without a marker on the map - I had to find a youtube playthrough to find this place and stop wasting my time. Unless you recall a five minute vision walkthrough with an altered level to find this place. Did I say the monsters were easy? Well, good because if you die you have to replay most of the mission again. Especially if you cannot distinguish between ""Restart"" or ""Load"" - with restart I mean restart at the last checkpoint but it restarts the complete mission. And then the autosave is gone. As long as the gameplay keeps sending you through the whole map, replaying everything is pretty annoying.Input: I tried the gamepad ""support"" of the first version. Unusable. The controls overracted so much, that hitting enemies is impossible. Also not everything worked with the controller, so I stayed with mouse + keyboard. During battle it was annoying that the Psi Gate was bound to key '4' I guess I accidentally activated it ten times. I already wrote about the command wheel, which is really bad as well.Hacking: Turrents can be enabled and hacked but that means you have to control them to shoot at enemies. They won' t do this by themselves after being hacked. But of course, they perfectly track and shoot you. Using the map to hack works, but you cannot see what happens around you. So sometimes you get hit by an enemy that just spawned and you have to restart again.Automap: A turning automap? Unusable for me. What is the point in walking through a place while all reference points around you turn? That might be good in a flight simulator, not in a shooter. Look a the classical Doom game: did the automap turn? No. So don' t do it! I had to go to the real map very often to find my way.Design: Really good, fluffy design everywhere. Too bad one cannot look up to the ceiling due to the armor and too bad that one cannot stay to read the purity seals.DLC: I' d say, don' t buy the mace. It looks nice but I found no difference to a power fist.Technical issues: I had none but I read that several people have problems running the game. Unless you count the incomplete gamepad support."
,Not Recommended,298900,30415028,Posted: 9 March,all,-Adeptus- Niien,"Game looks awesome, and I love the dialog. Though lots of issues and wouldn't recommend it until they get a lot more of them ironed out."
,Recommended,298900,28380817,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Its Gankdalf,Warhammer 40k had sex with left for dead and the baby had a minor case of low fps autism. Still its worth a buy if your a warhammer 40k fanboy. If not then wait for the sales to be honest it needs patching just a bit.
,Not Recommended,298900,28385985,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DINKLEBERG,"This game was delayed for 5 days, should have been delayed for 5 weeks.Literally runs on less frames than the Sega Saturn version of Space Hulk. WTF.Wait for patches."
,Not Recommended,298900,32467514,Posted: 16 June,all,Self-Proclaimed-Righteous-God,no xp save ever no point in replaying and zero desire to play in parties when nothing is there when we go back
76561198135058771,Not Recommended,298900,33886814,Posted: 29 July,all,Chillhausen - Wuschi,"The amount of times i have refunded this game and given it another chance shows mostly how much of a dedicated warhammer fan i am. Then maybe iam just blind, or both.Anyhow i have played this game more times than it indicates here. Let me tell you, for me the fatal crashes and disconnects are at least gone.However, slowdown still exist even when there is no rush of enemies.It becomes a bit tactical when you play on very high difficulties, but then again its only because the enemies hit harden/you take more dmg.The AI is only capable of 1 thing: Running towards you. Into your bolter/plasmagun etc, volleys.Also when moving the pace seems a bit off, not when you look at yourself but when you see others running in front of you. The speed seems to be a bit quick compared to the ground you cover, which makes it seem a little bit floaty (minor gripe really).The whole problem with this game is replayability. In multiplayer, there really isnt much to do. Also the way of selecting certain missions one by one disconnects you from feeling like you are progressing. The game still has potential, but i would wait for their ""enhanced version"", which in all honesty should be called ""fixed version"" (if they manage to do that).But implementing loot etc(which they announced) is a complex matter . It takes time and you need to balance stuff. Also while the game perfectly covers the space hulk feeling, the gameplay becomes repetetive very quickly.Another problem is the incredibly low amount of people playing this game in multiplayer.I would say wait for a sale, the release of the enhanced version, or both."
76561198075136711,Not Recommended,298900,29667237,Posted: 3 February,all,The Gentleman,"Why did I buy this garbage, If you want a proper review, read the others for yourself. They can explain in much more detail on why this game is just trash."
,Recommended,298900,31138969,Posted: 14 April,all,cooperftw,"A beautiful child of games like Left 4 Dead, Alien Swarm, Space Marine, Star Wars: Republic Commando, any Aliens games and horror genre. Regardless if you're a big fan of Warhammer: 40K, if you like any of those games in the slightest then this is a win. For those who are a fan of Warhammer: 40K, this game's heart and soul is every bit what you would expect from the universe. Being on this Space Hulk feels as dark and ominous as you would expect it to be. The guns, Terminators, lore, abilities, voice acting is as you would expect.For me, runs perfectly and very well optimised. I bought the game based on the positive reviews and videos despite the negative stuff (of which I haven't experienced any).Certainly a worth-while purchase in my mind and for these reasons I'm recommending."
76561198104055916,Not Recommended,298900,28388945,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AZHussain,Very broken game!
76561198102070897,Recommended,298900,28467039,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Black Knight,I waited 3 years for this game.I have to say it was worth it.I got it a few days after it was put up on steam for pre order.The game is fun.I see a lot of people get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the frames droping and stuff but this game is big the maps are bigAnyway love this game.You should buy it when you can it is worth it.
76561198079628877,Recommended,298900,29368367,Posted: 19 January,all,PassionFingers,The short and long of it is that the game lacks content and has performance issues( i have not had any since the first patch - all runs very smoothly). But good lord this game looks amazing. The detail they have put into the world is unreal. The campaign can be a bit tedious at times but the look and feel of the diffrent ships helps with that. The characters lack depth as well and the story is pretty meh.I would recomend getting it on sale and playing with friends.
76561198012423131,Not Recommended,298900,28401135,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,laalbz,"The 93 mins I've ""played"" has been spent simply attempting to get this game to play. After launching the title I get a message ""...required to run this program: Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 Runtime"" which I have succesfully installed, uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times to no avail.Pretty embarassing for the devs I'm sure.For anyone interested in this game I'd highly suggest waiting a few weeks until they sort out their S*%T"
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,298900,28367115,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aki秋,"honestly, i really can't recommend this game. the loading screen took you 5 actual mins and the FPS drop really fast like an instant. don't get me wrong, i really do like this game but you know...... right?????-------------------------------------------Updated----------------------------------------------after what i said. I changed my GPU to GTX 1060.and i though i can finally play at ease.The Loading screen indeed had fasten a lot but it doesn't mean i giving this a good review.I just don't have any good feeling for the game anymore.Unless they keep on update the game to the point where i say: "" Oh! That petty good. """
,Recommended,298900,28393753,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tac Dominator,"hotfix 1 - first update has fixed the fps to a playable state but its still not stable or perfect no matter what rez or if i lower settings the same fps skips happen. my rig should easy run this game. keep the updates coming then i'll come back to play this solid gamethe game is fun looks great but the fps issue hurts, im not going to hate on the game becasuse of this, because all we need is an update to fix. but at the same time in 2016 this fps issue shouldn't be happening its not fair on the people who pay money to play on release. i look forward to game/driver updates to help because overall the game is solid.this game was delayed for 5 days, crazy to think what state it was before the delay"
76561198079454947,Recommended,298900,28392009,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fpsreznov,This game is good. Its fun mowing down xenos as they sprint down hallways and try to flank you while your allies watch your back. Also probably about half of the bad reviews are people who dont update thier drivers and games dont run well on thier computers...
76561198094240474,Not Recommended,298900,28458749,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ollie,"The game is monotonous, the frame rate is permanently low, and it's just overall not a fun game to play. I knew this was coming when they postponed the release date two or three times..."
,Recommended,298900,28448847,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ばか Chan,I would've never met my brothers if it wasn't because of this.I never knew I had so many brothers.I was never alone.and WE are the Emperor's Blade!
,Recommended,298900,30298513,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"I don't really get the negative reviews on this game.The performance is not great, the multiplayer has real issues (long load times, crashes, and they only just added a bunch of the cool weapons for MP), and I guess it's a pretty basic game.But what did you think you were getting with this game?  You're a Terminator and you slaughter thousands of genestealers.  That's the premise of the game.And it delivers."
,Not Recommended,298900,30284828,Posted: 2 March,all,Banana Boat,What is wrong with the devs man? Never buying anything from them again
76561197977347123,Recommended,298900,28519858,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,nolacola,so epic. buy it.
,Recommended,298900,29021493,Posted: 4 January,all,realkorgo,"This game is a lot of fun, even more in multiplayer if you use something else than the ingame chat for communication, i.e. some thirdparty voice program. The bad part of the game is that it has _CLEARLY_ been released too early. The game is currently (v1.0.8 according to the main menu) in a state of development where the polishing would be needed to turn it into a shippable game. One thing I notice a lot is that the LOD (level of detail) settings seem wrong. I see a lot of textures that seem somewhat muddy in normal view but a crisp and clear when close enough or zoomed in. Some - or rather quite a bit - of polishing (don't forget the UI, buttons, etc.) can turn this into a really good game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387421,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BobTheMad,"Would really love to post a positive review of this game, as I am a huge fan of Warhammer 40k. However, this game will not even load for me.I launch the game and it hard locks on the loading screen. Requires a reboot to get out of it. PC more than meets the minimum requirements.I will happily update my review when/if this gets fixed. However at this point I am for the first time seriously considering asking for a refund (and I didn't even ask for one for ""No Man's Sky"").EDIT:  Finally got the game running with a recent patch. But I still had to tinker with the sound settings for over an hour to get it to play audio through my TV/Monitor. Gameplay is solid, but these Astarte Terminators are amazingly fragile and weak. Cannot run for more than 10 seconds without getting winded."
76561198012032395,Recommended,298900,28381436,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,little shippy,"I am a huge fan of the Warhammer 40k universe, but being able to bring the idea of something as monstorous as a space hulk into an fps is hard to do. There are some issues with fps drop/freezes. Those would not be too much of a problem if it didn't happen every time i am surrounded by enemies. Did you drop a powerful ability that kills everything around you? fps of 5. Other than that and the AI being as smart as a brick that got dropped on it's head sometimes, there are really no glaring problems in the game. In Fact it is an interesting concept being in a shooter where you are not the biggest/strongest/most bad♥♥♥♥♥person in the world, and get ♥♥♥♥ed up by a pebble ditting you. It's refreshing and exciting having to rely on your armor almost as much as you rely on your weapons. A Terminator is not something that goes down without a fight, and their armor is strong enough to take tank shots and shrug them off like mosquito bites. harder difficulties basically increase the amount of damage everything does. Got shot on easy, big whoop. got tickled in insane, your ♥♥♥♥ed.All in all it is a well put together game with some work needed to keep it running smoothly. Still a great game, but not for everybody. If you can't take running around a ship for hours on end and being attacked by everything on the way, then you probably won't like this game. Want to be the great big badass that can crush almost anything in his path, suit up. your in for a ride."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365702,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,Game campaing started of really boring you are being walked for damn 5 min straight in a really bad map desing where there is no guide until couple of monsters attack you in a little area where you wil realise the game is garbage on optimization when ♥♥♥♥♥ going crazy Drops to 35 FPS on ai7-4790GTX 1080 OC16 GB Ramon 1080pso yeah its boring unoptimized prob i will get a refund. i say stay away from this i regreted pre purchasing it
,Recommended,298900,30518044,Posted: 14 March,all,|λ| Asdzx17,"TL;DR: i give it 7/10single player is amazing, beautiful graphics. long load times and the multiplayer needs to be flushed out in terms of content as well as single player (useable relics and not just cosmetic unlocks) but overall pretty good i'd say."
76561198006723090,Not Recommended,298900,34017737,Posted: 4 August,all,Whatchmedie,"Glitchy as all hell. Constantly breaking. Menus staying on your display despite closing them, ect.Honestly it is a shame as the game has real potential, and the environments look fantastic. In its current state I cannot recommend paying even a dime for this game."
,Not Recommended,298900,30533106,Posted: 15 March,all,circuitloop,"Multiplayer is pretty crap and I say that as a fan of Killing Floor. It would be good if it were just single player with netcode, but instead it's deficient. It's not balanced for fewer than a full team of players. Even the easiest mode seems overwhelming. There's also no stored progression in this mode. It was also pretty bad in the framerate department on an NVIDIA 1070 and a reasonably modern CPU.I like co-op experiences, but this one is missing something that would make me come back. It's on sale but I would probably wait another few bucks."
76561197970953842,Not Recommended,298900,31291117,Posted: 22 April,all,xarchon,This game used to be OK but keeps falling back to not working because the Program keeps asking for Microsoft Visual + + 2015 Runtime and it never is supplied in Support from the Devs. Prove me wrong and put it there Devs because it used to work months ago.
76561198074726354,Not Recommended,298900,34868805,Posted: 10 September,all,iamleninsbeard,"very dissapointing all round, this coming from a 40k fan. First of all it is very poorly optimised,really struggling to get even 20 fps on medium settings  in some of the games more hectic moments. This on a computer that can also run games like bf1 and the witcher 3 on max settings with very little fuss, there seems to be some sort of delay for the melee attack which in a game like this is quite annoying, the lack of any seriously threating enemies similar to left 4 deads special infected means theres no real threat and no real need for teamwork.Speaking of teamates the your ai companions are as dumb as a box of rocks often staring at a tyranid for a good few seconds before deciding to shoot it. there are more complaints but i think ill leave it at that.picked this up for 20 euro and still wasnt worth it last time i follow the hyper for any game"
76561198006825419,Recommended,298900,28366329,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Volkira,"Runs Fantastic on i7 2600k,GtX980TI,2560x1440,8 gig of ram,windows 10.I have had no issues what so ever with frame rate etc.As I said for me it has run really smoothly.Though I'm only playing the single player option.With settings set on max the game looks really good.I have just completed the first Hulk and missed 3/4 of the relics hidden in the hulk.So might restart the campaign.There are 4 difficulty settings.I played on Normal and for a first run through I found the games atmosphere really good and at times very  hectic.Keyboard can be remapped and there's quite a few advanced video settings.I like it ."
,Not Recommended,298900,30234865,Posted: 27 February,all,ZKulkin,"poor comp, bad taste"
,Recommended,298900,28390185,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bigasmonkey,"I'll go on record first off saying that, yes, the load time for starting the game is incredibly long, which for a modern game is disappointing, but is most surely NOT the end of the world, nor a reason to immediately say don't get this game. I suspect they are this bad due to the game frontloading ALL THE THINGS, as my load times once actually in the game are significantly lessened.I'm running on high graphics settings with an i5 and nvidia gtx 770(2gb) which is only slightly above minimum spec, I get 50-60fps pretty constantly, with only once in the first level (while an explosion, lightning and a huge horde were on screen) dropping to 30. I see that a fair number of people seem to be experiencing performance issues, yet I seem to be doing fine.Ultimately, I really enjoyed the first single player level, it's huge, intricately details and atmospheric. relic hunting while being surrounded is challenging, and the AI seems to be fairly clever, dodging and weaving, outflanking and using superior mobility to get around you.Except for at the end of the first level, where they just charge at a ladder with you at the top. Just constantly swing that sword.So I'm happy to recommend this game, a lot of the negative reviews seem to be performance based which will be worked on I'm sure. The single player gameplay is good, level design is sprawling with lots of choice as to where to go, the companion AI is clever enough on it's own, but greatly benefits from your input. Hacking is a little cumbersome, but ultimately that is very true to lore..except for the name."
76561198042250982,Not Recommended,298900,28450966,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dan1r0ux,"Why are there no severs available on multiplayer?????????? This is just bulshit, I have been waiting for this game for so long and now that the single player is done i can't do anything else with the game because you can never find any multiplayer severs"
76561197987976824,Recommended,298900,28390111,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Spike,"No performance issue 1060 gtx 6gig at all.Game is awsome I thought, dont know much about 40k but what a rush.atmosphere good, game play good. Love all the detail when walking around exploring alot of work gone into this.Better then the price tag I would say. :)"
76561198014253783,Recommended,298900,28512915,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Drum,"Steam needs a filter system so we can screen out reveiws under the 2-3 hour usage range.  :laugh:Very realistic game, it wont hold your hand so you will need to be a very good shot to last long.  Use short bursts and go for one shot head kills because dead bodies will ragdoll like Bonny & Clyde, thus they block your rounds from killing the targets behind them.   Triangulate your line-of-sight to target with the weapon as it is on your lower right side and has its own realistic line-of-sight to the target.Dont use the chaingun with your BOTS, its too slow spinning up to shooting speed and will keep that BOT from responding quickly to threats coming from multiple dirrections.  Plan your route around xeno spawn points wisely by using the map... take your time!  Pipes near the spawn points can be shot which will spring a steam or flame leak helping to damage xenos spawning there.  Other items will explode if hit and can take out 3-5 nasties if timed right.Chain lightning works best on a horde tightly packed, it wont kill anything outright but will damage them enough that one round each (anywhere) will drop them at your feet like the scum they are.Basically, this game requires personal skills so if those are lacking go get an easy arcade game to play.  If you want something hard, then you are going to love the challenge in this game.  Brain power is required, this is not a kids game.  If you have the right stuff, you are going to enjoy this gem.Fantastic job making this guys, more DLC please!  :grin:"
,Recommended,298900,28518598,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Vulfen,"I don't know what all of these other reviews are saying, i have yet to have a problem and this game is worth the money."
,Not Recommended,298900,30535709,Posted: 15 March,all,Jeriko,The game even though I do not have much time on it is very lack luster and the story seems to be lacking which would fine but the game still has problems such as connection issues and is definetly not worth 40 dollars.
76561198014077336,Recommended,298900,28464710,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Poydar,The pits are prime
76561198049732899,Not Recommended,298900,28474469,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SoulPicasso,"So dissapointed!I love the 40k universe.This is not it. The gameplay, and graphics, feel like they are from the early days of First person shooters. the genestealers have little to no variation in how they move or how they die. the beautiful meshwork for the space hulk is overshadowed by poorly done  lighting and  not well thought out gameplay. you cannot jump, you cannot really move about much in this world. this is a huge step backwards from games like fallout and farcry.I do not reccommend this game for modern gamers."
76561198060199536,Recommended,298900,28380222,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Gavid,I don't know why everyone is giving it a  bad review I think it is well done I usually sit at 45 to 49 fps rarely dropping below that My PC specs: Radeon 9770  CPU Intel i7-4820K @3.7(stock) 16gb ram w/ 120 hz monitor. As for Lore I feel that it sticks pretty close to the actual lore of the universe
76561198172658771,Not Recommended,298900,28785700,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mason Johnson,MAKE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING A FINISHED PRODUCT you cant half♥♥♥♥♥your♥♥♥♥♥♥and expect your small updates to fix everything nah nah nah thats not how it works you post a 2 gig or bigger maybe fix and ill come back to it not 2gig over time but 2 gig on one update and ill come back and add to my 13 hours on it.
,Recommended,298900,28366868,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"The extra 5 days they took to release this game paid off. It plays buttery smooth, and it is quite interesting to walk around the ship. The loading times have been considerably improved since BETA.I'm getting around 40FPS, even on my 7 year old machine sporting a Geforce 770 2GB, with all maxed out.This is, without a doubt a true Warhammer game, and something that makes you feel like a Space Hulk."
,Recommended,298900,28367407,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ghost Waifu,"TL;DR: If you complain about bad optimization ... you are supposed to play with a COMPUTER not a Potato it works at 60 FPS for me on Medium settingsI`m just going to list a few things i already like about the gamePros:-Graphic: i Honestly cannot understand why people call the graphics ""Wooden"" it looks good for what it wants to be a few more colors would be nice though-Being a Terminator: it feels just like i imagined it being this huge metal monster, you cannot jumb, you are not quick on your feet and you cannot climb. you have to analyse the enviorment in stress situations to get to your goal and considering you are a squad of three inside a tyranide hive it archives what it should archive-Shooting: the weapons works how they should with for example the huge minigun being used to cover areas in hot lead and you are not supposed to just kill one target with them-Visuals: so far i had a small frame drop in the sanctuary upon spawning but otherwise it works smooth as butter (considering what other peoples problems are im really glad it works so well for me)Cons:-Customization: i would really have liked it to have some variety like different emblems and Colors-Hard: It`s too hard in the beginning (first two missions) you are not really used to everything yet and you are getting flooded with monsters. luckly you get the Flamethrower early on in the game-Bugs: i had a few visual bugs with Tyranids being stuck inside walls, Tyranids being stuck inside each other and my team mate suddenly loseing his brain leaving him being eaten without him atleast shooting back. It is not unplayable but funny and annoying at some points-Loading Screens: the one thing i probably agree with most players... it feels like the true punishment for dying isnt disappointing the Emperor ... its waiting about 2 - 4 Minuits to go back to the fight (and than load up the wron autosave you you have to do it again <.<)I give the game an above average 7.5/10 - because of the Difficulty but hey ""Git Gud ♥♥♥♥♥♥"" am i right XDJust one last thing to say : The Codex Astartes Supports this"
76561197987911758,Recommended,298900,28383935,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SargeantPopTart,Having no problems what so ever and the game feels great. You really feel like a terminator(Thats the best part i think). Was holping the Multi-player was not the same thing i was playing in the beta but still fun. The campaign is good its got a nice story and the AI are not to stupid you cant play it (Use the Commands a lot).
,Recommended,298900,28384079,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Beanz,"As of this writing I've only played an hour of the game and I like it quite a bit so far.  No huge performance issues.  I have graphics on max and my FPS ranges anywhere between 62 ish at the high and 40 at the low.  40 is lower than I would like but it's tolerable.  No crashes, no long loading times (however I am running 2 SSD in raid 0).My rig:i5 6600k OC to 4.6ghzgtx 1060 OC to 2100mhz16gb ddr4 OC to 3000mhz2 x 240gb SSD in Raid 0Windows 10 ProAs far as the gameplay goes, it remind me a whole lot of Vermintide but just needs a little more polish."
,Recommended,298900,28384024,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kron,"Want a real challenge?  Try turning Friendly Fire on.  Man, before I knew what happened, I had already killed both my teammates (who are friends so it's okay).  Aside from a minor FPS drop occasionally and a pretty severe bug (game has a Fatal Error upon entering inventory, though not always), the game's fun and runs beautifully on my rig at maximum settings.I actually haven't tried the campaign yet since I jumped right into Multiplayer, but I'm looking forward to hours of gameplay in the near future.  Turning tyranids into ketchup has never been more satisfying."
,Recommended,298900,30523881,Posted: 15 March,all,TOOTHBRUSHDUCK,"A fun game, alright single player campaign, extremely well made environments, and most mp bugs I encountered were patched out in the first or second patch.co-op is great fun with friends and personnally I've had no issues since patch 2Worth the price if you have friends to play it with, or you love 40k"
76561198006838528,Recommended,298900,28405894,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bakstabr,"I don't write reviews very often. Most of the games I play, are their own self contained universes not really set in a bigger frame of reference.  But here we have Deathwing, a tabletop game turned FPS.......and Holy #$%@ do I love it.  I think the clinching moment was when I stepped back as an Apothecarian and watched 2 Heavy Assault Terminators step into 2 corridor doorways and just opened up on the wave of Gaunts coming down said corridor while an assault trooper with Mace and Shield just blocked a 3rd doorway with blood and bodies flying everywhere. Then having to punch a Gaunt that made it past the shield.  The game just IS deathwing, all those books set in hulks just translate so well into this game.  But like a first launch for any game there are some hiccups here and there.  Some connectivity issues happen from time to time, but I have only truly been dropped out once so far.  I might just be lucky not seeing most of the framerate loss others are talking about and overall the game looks really good.  Also the health system might need a small kick, I had times as apoth where it looked like a guy took a ton of blows but his health barely moves while one swing from a gaunt would take out a suit.  It felt more like I was not getting an accurate health reading more than a true one shot from a rocket or acid blast."
76561198126061961,Not Recommended,298900,29926891,Posted: 14 February,all,Weldernorth,dont do it.  Dont but it.
76561197992870432,Recommended,298900,28393729,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,G97_nen,"Great game to play with friends. It truly captures the essence of the board games and turns it in to a cooperative, tactical and challenging game with supberb atmosphere. I was able to play it since beta and apart from few minor defects, that I'm sure will be corrected soon, it runs smoothly. Very good experience so far. Good job guys."
76561197969601330,Not Recommended,298900,28488128,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mr Bubbles,"Some extremely basic, poorly thought out and executed design choices.Good atmosphere in the levels but the layout of the maps is just corridors into large open area into corridor into slightly longer/shorter corridor.Multiplayer is pointless with no progression at all, just play and repeat forever and the match making is buggy.The potential for greatness is there but at the moment the bad far outweighs the good.Wait a year or for a Steam sale."
76561197993514531,Recommended,298900,30351631,Posted: 5 March,all,BazookaDan,"My old system would not play this, but now that I have it on my new one I can play 1080P 50fps high (gtx 970M). It is perfect for what it is - Spacehulk!!! I'm not a fanboy of Spacehulk, but I like the games and story. I am a fanboy of the developers. They are unique, creative, and put out insanely high visual games. Their games don't all look like COB, B1, or Crysis. They take the time to make it theirs. I love their last game E.Y.E and the graphics were high-end there too. Plus they never stop supporting the game with big updates that added quality.  now that I've finished the first two missions on solo, I'm hooked and loved it. I suspect some good things will come in the updates too, and they do listen to players. I hope people will give this a chance to grow."
,Not Recommended,298900,30665352,Posted: 22 March,all,The Poo Monster,"It's worth a play through if you can get it on sale but unfortunately its gameplay value is quite limited which is a shame as there is some potential in this game.The Update 4 release fixed the performance issues I was having on release so the game ran smoothly and I didn't experience any lag spikes so fair play to the devs for getting that sorted eventually as it ran terribly on release. This made walking through the levels quite enjoyable as they have nailed the WH40K look and to me this is the biggest plus of the game. Walking might seem cumbersome but that's appropriate considering what sort of armour you've got on.This is where the pros end though as Space Hulk: Deathwing has plenty of shortcomings:-> As a fan of the Horus Heresy I was expecting a lot of WH40K lore and seeing how this game was designed for fans of the universe it would have added a lot to the game. Unfortunately this wasn't to be as there was only at most 1 or 2 terminals per level which would give a short blurb about what was going on with the ship you were in. The relics you pick up in the single player don't give you any info on what they are and they're history.-> No PvP multiplayer mode which is unfortunate as the single player and coop modes have little replayability value-> This lack of replayability feeds into the issue with coop where there just isn't many people online to play coop games.-> Very limited story considering it had Gav Thorpe writing it.-> Hacking turrets seems quite pointless as you have to control them directly, otherwise they don't do anything. They should be able to automatically attack enemies after being hacked. I ended up just hacking to destroy them.-> There is a very tiny RPG element where at the end of each level you're given upgrade points but except for upgrading your psyker abilities there seemed little need for it."
,Recommended,298900,30127293,Posted: 23 February,all,cowboyB,"Note: this is from someone that has had zero issues running the game.I recommend this game.  It is fun and graphically looks okay.  Worth it at full price, definately worth it on sale for sure.  The new W.I.P. patch is nice and had enhanced the graphics quite a bit."
76561198341419213,Recommended,298900,30132790,Posted: 23 February,all,TheKid,it was pretty damn sweet.
,Recommended,298900,29767775,Posted: 7 February,all,Chubbs70000000,"This game is an absolute master piece to the Warhammer 40k universe.  As a long time table top player and a fan of the lore for over a decade; this game really does justice to the universe in displaying the nitty gritty of 40k.  The issue I have with the game on the other hand is the fact that at the moment it seems to be not so well optimized. I currently run my rig with a GTX 770 and an i5 processer and can run the game pretty smooth at medium settings; though it seems to conflict with USB audio devices and nvidias shadowplay for some odd reason. Even when not recording and with shadow mode off the game will make my rig stutter to an unplayable level. After making sure to disable the program though the game runs absolutely fine at medium settings with a few minor hiccups of bareable stutters to my frames per second.  One thing I would majorly hope the developers work on is fixing this issue.  Making the game more well optimized would be my only gripe with this gem.The combat is intense and violent just as any 40k fan would expect.The environment is perfectly crafted straight out of the 40k universe.The sounds are excellent and provide a mixture of eerie/ spooky environment mixed with intense firepower as a storm bolter or assault cannon unleash firey bolts unto the waves of tyranids that you will face.The graphics, as poorly optimized as the game is right now, are stunning.I highly recommend this game. I have faith the developers will work to better optimize it; and even now if you have an mediocre rig you should be able to run the game fine as I can on medium settings. Or low if necessary."
76561197980634285,Not Recommended,298900,28398500,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Liberty or Death,"I was an early pre-order and took part in the pre-release Beta and took it for a spin on release day. I wanted to like this game and decided to give it a fair chance post-release after a disappointing Beta. Unfortunately, the issues I saw in Beta were not ironed out in any significant manner after release.Pros:-Visuals and Atmosphere. The developers absolutely nailed anything and everything aesthetic about 40k, Space Hulks, Genestealers, and Terminators. You will absolutely feel like a Terminator Space Marine working your way through an infested Hulk of mish-mashed vessels filled with hostile organisms doing their best to kill you. The level design is absolutely outstanding and you will likely get lost multiple times while chasing down an objective or frantically looking for a defensive position when the Xenos descend upon you.-Weapons. With some little exceptions, the weaponry in this game is spot on for how I would interpret them if I were on the design team. I was able to run through every class and every weapon set during the Beta and was happy with them in that state. I did not spend enough time post-release to say whether they still function right or not but I will assume that they do. The minor issues I had were that most weapons seem to have around the same reload speed so there is little reason to retain a stormbolter if you have unlocked the assault cannon.Cons:Performance. I have a good system that exceeds the Recommend requirements and yet the game stutters, pauses, and rubber bands constantly. The netcode during the Beta was absolutely terrible with a range of issues: laggy server browser, search filters that had no effect, failures to connect to host, constant disconnects from host, etc. None of these seem to have been resolved on release. I do believe that many performance and netcode issues will be addressed over time, but I will not be there to see it.No global save state for multiplayer: This is a design choice and, while I understand the logic behind it I also do not agree with it. As you progress through a multiplayer game, you will unlock weapons and skills for your chosen class and these unlocks reset whenever you join a new game or progress to the next chapter. I think the developers could have taken a page from Vermintide and created some form of progression based reward system, be it gear, or passive/active skills, visual alterations, or whatever.Sound FX: Many SFX are great; footfalls of Terminators, scuttling of Genestealers, and things like that. Some are awful: the voices of Marines, Belial, etc. Some are middling and just generally out of balance. What makes it a con is that there is no consistency between SFX that are good and those that are bad.Overall I would say the game is a 5/10. It has potential and I think there is room for this to grow, but I am not willing to give it any more time than I already have."
76561197990860773,Recommended,298900,28520205,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kurtboard,"Just finished the single player campaign, took me about 17 hours so was well worth the price of admission for me.  I did take the time to find all of the hidden relics.  I enjoyed the game on opening day; had a bit of stutter but otherwise everything worked well.  After the latest patch the stutter is now gone, and everything is running smoothly for me.What made the game an enjoyable experience for me was how true to the original space hulk it felt (except I am either way better at video games now or they made the genestealers far less lethal than back in the 90s).  The space hulk really comes to life with the creaking and groaning of the bulk heads or venting stream.  I also like how the tactical maps had descriptions for the different areas to give a sense of purpose for the different regions.  Made it feel more like progressing through a massive ship rather than just walking along random corridors.Finally would like to add, unlocking the different weapons was fun.  I ended up going full psyker to lethal detriment of the genestealers.  For my next play through I want to try focusing on the different guns you unlock.  I dabbled with the heavy flamer and it evoked fond memories of the movie Alien.  They really captured the feel of roasting vermin.I absolutely recommend this game for anyone that is a fan of Warhammer 40,000 (this is by far one of the better video games for the license).  For people that enjoy survival horror games it might be worth a try; It's nothing as scary as say F.E.A.R. but it has some tense moments after you hear genestealers scurry about and wait for the inevitable onslaught.  First person shooter fans of games like Half Life might find the combat a bit slow, the terminators definitely have a sense of mass and lumber along in their near impervious armour as they blast numerous genestealers."
76561198016253320,Recommended,298900,28994367,Posted: 3 January,all,Dansken,"Once you get around the current bugs and crashes it's actuall pretty good. The graphics are good, the gameplay is good, and the scenery/theme is very authentic and very loyal to 40K."
76561198024140675,Recommended,298900,29011182,Posted: 4 January,all,Bodybag Bob,I think it is a great game. I'm incredibly biased though as a Warhammer 40k fanatic. The replayability is low however because of the focus they put on single player as opposed to multiplayer. There is no progression one would see in Vermintide. The levels you gain on each map don't carry over but the weapon does so that is sort of a plus. I imagine there will be DLCs to come as Cyanide would have quite the gold mine if they did multiplayer they way Vermintide was done with a much larger weapon selection along with progression. I don't see this occurring however. A good game and a sad story of what it could have been. If you are looking for something like Vermintide keep moving.
76561197988610816,Recommended,298900,28585891,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,FlippyGS,"Hotfix 1.06 = game fixedthere are still some fps drops and multiplayer hangups, but they have been improved exponentially.the AI in single is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but now multiplayer plays the actual story and is the ultimate experience to have with your battle brothers. Worth re-buying if you refuned."
,Recommended,298900,28366295,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alexius,The atmosphere of this game is amazing and stays true to lore. Any 40k fan should pick this game and try it. Basically left 4 dead style gameplay in the 40k universe.
76561198329429060,Not Recommended,298900,30528887,Posted: 15 March,all,IIISWIFTYIII,"Ive tried this game twice now, day of release and now 3 months after release....and Ive got it refunded both times. It runs like a bag of w.a.n.k, and Im running it on a GTX 1080 8gb, i5 6600k overclocked to 4.4GHZ. The FPS was locked at 60, so I took the cap off by messing around in the games setting files, which you shouldnt have to do in the first place, then I managed to hit 100 FPS but it would drop as low as 40 FPS as soon as enemys were running towards you....and this is after the recent performance patch aswell. Graphics are ok, but nothing special. No PVP multiplayer, just co-op. looks like it will have no replay value at all. If you want to try it for yourself, make sure you dont play it for longer than 2 hours so you will be eligible for a refund from steam. 2 hours is more than enough time to see how bad it runs."
76561198019387845,Recommended,298900,34149604,Posted: 10 August,all,smokydragon7,It's Space Hulk.
76561198009675600,Not Recommended,298900,28445559,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Vijazzler,this game is poo
76561197988798281,Not Recommended,298900,28438726,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ContraStorm,"I pre-ordered this game thinking that it was all about miltiplayer co op, but gues what it really isnt."
,Not Recommended,298900,28445642,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ForeverAlone,Cant keep soild FPS at 60@1080p with core i7 and 980ti on low settings.Game itself is boring and controller support is poor.They really should have delayed it for a couple of months until it was ready.
76561198027996095,Not Recommended,298900,30274898,Posted: 2 March,all,Incanus,"Massive 40K fan here. Unfortunately this game is confused as to its identity. Initially you are an Imperium God in termIminator armour, slaying left and right without issue. Then you are a 3 shot pleb when it decides to place a suddenly appearing turret (meaning a strange ""mass effect"" like, take three steps and scan again issue).The graphics leave alot to be desired and the limited enemies (granted I played two missions and lost care), make this a big miss on what i was expecting."
76561198104807914,Not Recommended,298900,28437937,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Firstborn,"What I was able to play, I liked. However, the game crashes way too much for me to be able to play, even on the lowest possible settings."
,Recommended,298900,28409720,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Good Kitty,"The game's alright, it's a 20 dollar game at best.  There's nothing rewarding about playing it or to keep you playing it.  That being said I'm sure multiplayer will be dead in a month.  It's one of those games like Left for dead that will satisfy you over a weekend as a rental rather than a game you would buy.  There is nothing rewarding about the game, no character progression or anything.  You just stream thru the chapters then you are done.    REGARDLESS  it is solid and would be great with a case of beer."
76561198019448067,Not Recommended,298900,29697464,Posted: 4 February,all,cockroaches,"Do not buy this game in its current state. No update (save a small hotfix) more than a month after release, and it has multiple issues with optimization, combat feedback, and ignoring lore. It's such a shame the developers released a game with such a great concept and potential without polishing performance, respecting the lore properly, or implementing proper game design. I'm just going to wait until a patch comes out to finish the campaign."
76561198141997576,Not Recommended,298900,29698348,Posted: 4 February,all,Veggie,Sadly I can not recommend thisgame. I say its fun for about 3 hours tops and then you begin to really open your eyes to the bugs. The lag is insane and it crashes so often it's annoying. There is no online progress in multiplayer. Nothing like vermintide. No loot system etc just mindlessly shooting enemies.The first level is the most polished and is probably all that you'll need to play. The later levels feel copypasted but I have to admit the environment overall is great but sadly let down by bugs. The game is very short with such little replayability. Online at the moment is dead. I was hoping for a patch during or after Christmas but nope. This is unnacceptable for its price. I really like the warhammer franchise but please do not support this developer if they are going to release and forget a game and leave it in its current state.
76561197997289936,Not Recommended,298900,28429484,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Chaos2012,"For the love of god do not buy this game.. concept amazing, warhammer 40k back drop amazing. plot great, game exicution dreadful, so much potential but i think theres to many yes men at Games Workshop allowing this drival to be produced.Avoid."
,Recommended,298900,28503437,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Stormy,"Either my PC is too bad or this game is poorly optimised. Or.. I guess both.Anyway, apart from the FPS issues, I find the game to be worth my time."
76561198019118681,Not Recommended,298900,29699027,Posted: 4 February,all,Sly Banana,"Sad game that resets any character level progress made after each chapter/level. Played the game through the beta and felt excited about the game. After the release, I tried a 4-man group, with friends,  and quickly uninstalled after playing the first chapter. It really is that bad."
,Not Recommended,298900,34897522,Posted: 12 September,all,Stealth Cat,"Great decorations, but there is no gaem."
,Not Recommended,298900,33756639,Posted: 23 July,all,[40-1]HandsomeJack,"both gameplay and sound are not what i expected... Sadly this is becomming normal from Games Workshop, thei game look so cool, and so does the concept, but man the gameplay isnt worth it, i would not play if the game was f2p"
76561197992800739,Not Recommended,298900,33761480,Posted: 24 July,all,SNAAAKE,"This is a buggy mess. I have not been able to play for longer than 10 minutes without hitting a game breaking bug or crash.Update:After playing for 10 hours, mostly on my own because all the servers are password protected, and the population is miniscule, I can safely say this game is ruined by terrible design decisions. I will just mention the worst offender. There are 5 classes in this game. Your team consists of 4 members who can choose any class without limits on how many of the same class you can have. I hope you like playing medic (which consists of standing inbetween your team while they kill everything for you while you sit there wondering where your life went wrong) because hardly anyone wants to be one and you cant finish the most trivial of missions without one.Do not support shoddy games like this, even if it lets you be the walking fridge race from your favorite childish fantasy universe."
,Not Recommended,298900,30765386,Posted: 26 March,all,RushingTheRylo,"This game does not run properly and i have a freakin gtx 1070, this game was all the hype until it wasn't."
,Not Recommended,298900,33789366,Posted: 25 July,all,TFIWM,If the only bugs in this game were the ones you were able to kill. I'd recommend it highly
,Not Recommended,298900,33865423,Posted: 28 July,all,Mashakosha,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is not a bad game. It does things right, it does things wrong. The Warhammer 40k feel, that grimdark, everything is going awfully for humankind feel is there. This is good. There's no horrible butchery of the lore, so far as I could tell. This is good. However, the gameplay feels like that of a much older game. This is not good. The command wheel - one of the worst creations in video game history - is as unweildy as they come. The majority of the fighting happens in tight corridors, not unexpectedly as this is a Space Hulk, but when your teammates block the whole screen, you should at least be able to shoot through them, especially if there is no friendly fire.You may enjoy this game. You may not. These are the facts I have learned while playing, and the decision is yours."
76561198044955059,Recommended,298900,28385958,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[FSQ] Vatkuli,"The game is running perfectly for me, no freezes/crashes yet on singleplayer or multiplayer.And it runs extremely smooth, had a couple fps drops every now and then, but nothing too annoying.The graphics are amazing, gameplay is solid, the milieu/setting is amazing...you get to stomp around in a Terminator armor in beautifully made environment, perfect.I don't know if I'm lucky or what, but I have no performance issues to complain about.Single player rocks, multiplayer is still extremely fun (played since closed beta), even better when you're playing with friends of course.10/10 The Emperor approves."
76561197963623155,Recommended,298900,28439388,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,washing machine emulator,Recommended overall. I would want for a steam sale and some more bug fixing before buying.
76561198023358269,Recommended,298900,28368115,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Apathion,"It's as brutal as I was hoping for :)FPS still not too stable, but it never manages to kill the awesome mood :D"
76561197960684422,Not Recommended,298900,28427091,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Baron,"Rough around the edges.  Not really challenging.  I was hoping for an experience close to Vermintide - only on a space hulk, but sadly this game falls very, very short.The real allure of this game is the prospect of co-op, of course.  The co-op feels like a half-baked afterthought to the disappointing single player experience.Asked for, and was granted a refund after completing the tutorial and the first 3 missions."
,Recommended,298900,28439403,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hero of Canton,"Alright, I dont write too many of these so I am really going out on a limb and putting my honest attempt at making this review mean something for a franchise I truly love.I love Warhammer 40k, love everything about the franchise. Grew up on that♥♥♥♥♥♥ my wedding cake had a chaos marine for petes sake. So with that said, this review is being written from a very loyal fan.This game needs a lot of work, but its not without its inspiring moments. I think it's fantastic for what it is, regardless of the bugs I think they really stepped up their game as a company I hope they release more games like these that centre around the WH 40k universe.Here's a short break down:- Campaign: Perfect I would LOVE for it to be longer! Warhammer fans will love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that amazing campaign.- Coop1.         When you are the host, and want to switch out gear via the letter ""i"" key, 8/10 times I got bugged out of the game. This, sucks for host. Because if the host is gone then all that time and progression in the mission chapter was for nothing. Everyone else gets booted. The only way around it is if you're rolling as the host and are absolutely okay with playing apothecary/medic since they dont really need to switch guns, I loved playing every character so I didnt mind. However, I can see people getting bored of using the same gun and melee weapon for the 30-45 minutes it takes to complete a mission chapter. This is a must fix. My father inlaw called it quits right after the first time that happened to us and wont play it again until they fix it.2.         Glitching out of the map - Chapter 5 there are some pipes in the caliban ship, you can actually walk over those pipes therefore completely glitching out of the map. You will ofcourse die, but still in a state of living and dead. You cannot rejoin your team mates unless you close and re open the application.3.         The ""nothing works any more"" glitch - if you spam the E key when hacking doors or opening and closing them you can get frozen in that animation, kind of stuck in between. And you wont be able to shoot or use abilities. Fix is to just try to re open or close a door.Like any other game thats out on release, there's going to be bugs. But I feel that the good greatly outweighs the bad.I dont think there's anything game breaking about the campaign it was a lot of fun, but the online multiplayer which IMO is the best feature, needs to get fixed."
76561197969880686,Recommended,298900,28460729,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,MB Geek,"To start, understand that I am not experiencing any crashing or poor performence and I am a single player only kinda guy...That being said I am enjoying the game.  Being a 40k fan boy, seeing the work put into the hulks and the attention to detail of the character models makes me think what a labor of love that was put into the design.  The asymetrical layout of most of the maps is great, as is the claustrophobic feel of the tunnels that lead into huge open cathedrals is awesome.Do I wish it was a better GAME?  Sure ... I've hit some minor bugginess, it seems pointless that if a member dies, pulling a psygate brings him back and the save system is a bit annoying (Although if you READ a computer readout, it saves the game to that point ... something not made clear AT ALL and may help some)  Also the relic hunt is kinda pointless as wellAnd hey, right now the price is $33 going to $40 tops ... pretty fair price and geezus, with all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing and the low approval rating, come on ... its no where near Aliens: Colonial Marines bad ...I would LOVE to see this game in VR ... the movement speed is slow enough to probably not cause motion sickness but the chances of that every happening are nada, but it's nice to think about"
76561197969248931,Not Recommended,298900,30542345,Posted: 16 March,all,Breakr,"This has to be one of the most boring multiplayer experiences I've ever played.  Walk to a spot, kill a bunch of genestealers.  That's it.  There's never any real change from that formula, and it gets old after the first play-through.  Not worth it even if the game is on sale."
76561198001550471,Recommended,298900,33615221,Posted: 17 July,all,D0niDark0,Can we have full controller support for the game some time.
76561198066036412,Not Recommended,298900,28399247,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sgt Snoke Em,"NEEDS OPTIMIZATION! apart from that not bad at all.I5, gtx 1070, ssd, 16gb ddr3, all that crap, On 1080p, 720p, high graphics, low graphics, it runs beautifully, until you make contact with the bad guys, than the fps (for me) went down, down doooooooooown.Similar and stronger rigs have the same issue. Some don't.It seems kinda random.Its annoying because for me there is an awesome game in there, but I can't get to it because of bloody performance issues that probably needed a few more months in the kitchen.Until its patched and PROVEn to be working I'm out.I'd refund if I could and get it later once (if) its fixed but I'm 2 hours over the stop time. My bad."
,Recommended,298900,29261522,Posted: 14 January,all,Strawberry Shortcake,"Converts the table top game into an FPS really well. Good balance between old and new school stuff. Really atmospheric, absolutely beautiful, fun to play. Excellent if you enjoy either A) Getting drunk and playing with your (also drunk) mates or B) Whacking the difficulty up to max and going full tryhard. Solid range of options in the middle too. Sinking into the single player is a brilliant way to learn the game and let's you really appreciate Deathwing.Has performance issues on some rigs and has bugs (although recent patches have reduced these issues a lot).BTW if you're looking for players to play max difficulty tryhard runs this is a good group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/deathwingpro"
,Recommended,298900,28419169,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Autoxidation,"Recommendation: If you're a big Warhammer 40k fan, you're going to appreciate what this game offers despite its flaws. If you're not, you may want to wait until performance issues and crashing are sorted out.The core of the game is solid. It's pretty, the sounds are great, and the atmosphere is spot on. Single player doesn't suffer from most of the issues that multiplayer does, which is a shame.If you're getting this for the singleplayer, it's fantastic, if a little clunky. Once the devs address some performance issues, it will be a solid game. If you're getting this for the multiplayer, it has some issues. Performance is worse, with frequent drops into the 25 FPS range during big fights. I've seen several crashes in multiplayer but none in singleplayer. Hopefully the devs fix these few issues the game has and it will be a more enjoyable experience. The dev team is a small indie studio, so I can forgive a buggy launch, assuming they make the effort to fix the game. It's a great start, but probably could have used another month of bug fixes."
76561197979659154,Not Recommended,298900,28800485,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Supreme Leader,"This game has the potential to be serious fun.But there are major overhauls necessary, like the following:- coherent indicator of your health: At the current moment you don't have any clue how much damage you can take before you die. The armor indicator isn't worth♥♥♥♥♥♥and pretty much useless.- ability to properly guide your dumbfounded AI brothers. I'd like to position them and they should STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ WHERE THEY ARE. There are many times when you get assaulted by waves of xenos, and the apothecary as a first line of defense is rather useless, but hey, AI thinks it's a good idea. Yeah...- move safepoints (or way better: the ability so save the game myself). You go relic hunting, got 4/5 an bam, big ♥♥♥♥ing xenos jumps you and you die. Whoopsie, not a single save.- more customizations options (weaponswise, outfit, armor, stuff like that)- a better progression system: The skillpoints only translate to toughness, but except the psy abilities there's not much to see. I'd like to have real abilities/moves or something like that."
76561198096052993,Not Recommended,298900,28905261,Posted: 1 January,all,DoubleQuarterPounder,The game is lack of graphics and the character's moving is not smooth at all.
,Recommended,298900,28432053,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The Superjew,"Why I think Space Hulk: Deathwing is a good game.I've read a lot of the stuff people have said about Deathwing. A lot of it is true. The game does need some work, at least as of the time I editing this review. The community is rather small, as multiplayer is thoroughly frustrating when not using voice chat to coordinate with your battle brothers. The campaign's ending is kind of anticlimatic. There are still bugs and mechanical issues that need working on. But in spite of these things, Streumon is still working full tilt. They've updated three times in three weeks, and they have more updates in the pipe.Now that we've mentioned the bad, it's time to talk about the good.This game isbeautiful. Maybe not in the texture department, short of ultra settings, but the environments, the enemies and even your battle brothers BREATHE the Warhammer 40k aesthetic. Everything is dark, gothic and true-to-lore, from the glowing eyes of stalker-strain genestealers to the Litany Xenomortis inscribed on Barachiel/the Heavy Weapons class' shoulder that denotes he'd been seconded to the Deathwatch. The ships are huge and have all kinds of holes for genestealers to pour out of, and you can spend hours just wandering about them to look at how grand the ships of the Imperium once were.The game ischallenging. Having played through on the three lower difficulties in singleplayer, I can say that the difficulty absolutely ramps up in each difficulty. The higher the difficulty, the more likely you and your companions are going to get absolutely ruined by even a single swipe of a genestealer's claws. And this is doubly true in multiplayer, where the tyranids continue to pour out of the walls. Multiplayer is where the REAL challenge of this game lies, honestly. With friendly fire on, the game takes on a whole different level of challenge, as you now have to deal with both the enemies and your friends... or even yourself, should you decide you want to mess around with the Plasma Cannon or the Spear of Caliban and you aren't super careful.And finally, this game isfun. Between stomping over the bloodied remains of your enemies in singleplayer to carefully planning an escape from swarms of tyranids with your friends, Space Hulk: Deathwing has plenty of content to keep you entertained for quite awhile. Once Streumon finishes patching up the issues that remain, I can't imagine they won't work on new content to add to that. If you like Warhammer 40k, or even if you've just wanted to be a two-ton, nine-foot tall man wearing a tank, this game has got you covered.TL;DR EditionSingle Player: Fun! Liked playing with all the weapons and abilities, enjoyed the story and the environments. AI (both friendly and enemy) probably need some upgrading, but it didn't bother me overmuch.Multi Player: Play with friends, preferably with Discord or some other kind of VOIP service. Makes teamplay much easier. This part of the game's still kind of buggy and stuff, at least compared to the SP, but it's still fun!Verdict: If you love stomping around giant gothic spaceship cathedrals and murdering aliens, this game will scratch that itch."
,Not Recommended,298900,29776441,Posted: 7 February,all,Buddha Fett,The Codex Astartes does not approve of this game.
,Not Recommended,298900,28459107,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Panzer Commander Hans,"I wanted to love this game, I really did. Was all pumped though the opening cutscene. Ender the first area, ran buttery smooth, entered the first hallway probably was a load zone. Enter frame drop stage left and enter he did, knocking over the frame rate counter and he staggers over drunkenly, then finaly tumbleing over crushing the frame rates to >1fps. I have 35 min in the game, 10 of those minuts are spent at less than >1fps as a wait for the frame rate to come back. It never did.Steam Refund out of ten."
76561197962785929,Not Recommended,298900,32425810,Posted: 14 June,all,Azrael,Games no loading assets correctly on my build the chaple in the first mission is completely have loaded. I seriously hope this isn't a half built game.
76561197997256776,Recommended,298900,28465312,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,vncnt,Incredibly barebones and even then refuses to work correctly half of the time.10/10 frames per second.It's like I'm living through the early days (and to a degree still current state) of E.Y.E Divine Cybermancy all over again.
,Not Recommended,298900,28367623,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CHOVAos,The game is unplayable in this state. In fact so much that it´s going straight to refund. Life is too short for this belive me...
76561198142405253,Not Recommended,298900,28367581,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fbagger,well the fatal errors are great :D
76561198007375334,Not Recommended,298900,28384151,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Abyssal Nicholson,"Based on, performance, ancient graphics, horrible collision, and lack of atmosphere and or character, this is the worst adaption of a classic 40k game made video game, of all ♥♥♥♥ing time. This is like fire warrior all over again, the only difference was, fire warrior is 20 years old."
,Not Recommended,298900,28727265,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Caroz,"Visualy great, garbage gameplay, developed by monkeys..."
76561198104269447,Not Recommended,298900,28819110,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,theedaintor,i dont want to be a bad sport but the animations are clunky it dosent have  that big a campaign and it takes for ever to load
76561198039472088,Recommended,298900,28485832,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wounding Havoc,Refunded but i will stay positive and hope that the devs listen to every negative review on here and fix the game so i can re-buy it and actually enjoy it.Basically the game has no replay value and is nothing as i expected.
76561198000533937,Recommended,298900,28970827,Posted: 3 January,all,AngryCats,"FYI I've only played single player so far. I'm also someone who had fun playing Vengenance of the Blood Angels back in the day.I liked it because:1) I went into this expecting to play as a small group of armoured dudes with guns trying to shoot down teh bad aliens before they violently stopped me from doing stuff, I was not disappointed.2) My PC was close to top of the line a few years ago and I don't notice any significant performance issues3) Visuals are nice.4) Shooting fire tornadoes out of my face at killer aliens is soothing - as is firing the assaulting cannon.5) Guns in general do a fair amount of damage, despite what I read in other reviews.6) It makes more sense that the  genestealers can come any angle, rather then just in tile movement.7) Second level of difficulty isn't too hard but there are a few ranks above it.Only issue I have is it's save point based. I'll update this review if I try multiplayer."
,Recommended,298900,29451888,Posted: 23 January,all,YearZeroEvent,Easily one of the coolest co-op games in my library.
,Recommended,298900,29105823,Posted: 7 January,all,Jack Mi Hoff,"I like it... i would recommend it if its on sale, its pretty enjoyable."
76561197977328291,Recommended,298900,29442946,Posted: 23 January,all,bigritchie,"I think this game is much more fun the reviews on gaming websites have sugested.  I think game informer gave it a 4.......This game is at least a 7, and 8 if your a 40k fan.My only complaint with this game is that you really cannot use other weapons besides the Force sword and Force Axe (66% power cooldown)  And you really need to rely on powers in this game.Overall very fun, pick up on a sale!"
,Recommended,298900,30652068,Posted: 21 March,all,⛧AirStrikerAlex⛧™,Its fun now and doesent take 10 hours to load
76561198043550287,Recommended,298900,28493121,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Guts,"I played for about 30 minutes of this game, didn't like it my first time trying to find a match since that took 15 minutes only for me to die in the first minute of play. My second time playing though it definitely wasn't bad, the game feels clunky and needs updates but I have faith it will be a good game in some time once it gets patched more. I just think they released it too early. Also the UI is kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it reminds me of a game from the early 2000s in that aspect"
,Recommended,298900,28479061,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FogW,"- Overall a very enjoyable campaign for 40k fans, with flaws -I put my fanboy goggles on while playing so I'm still giving this game a thumbs up, because I'm a huge 40k fan and commend this effort at making a cool 40k game. I hope my thumbs up encourages the devs to work out the flaws in this game and make better 40k games in the future.I really enjoyed playing through this game and will probably play through it once or twice more, just for fun, however that doesnt change the fact that it has some serious flaws.Lets start with some pros:+ Awesome visuals - the game looks amazing. Wonderful lighting, blood details (running down walls, dripping from ceilings), bullet impacts on bodies etc.+ Wonderful attention to detail - you can really see that alot of effort was put into designing the levels and creating the perfect Spacehulk feel. It's dark, claustrophobic and grimdark. The different ships all have their own design and look amazing. Terminators look great too. Lots and lots of screenshot material.+ Great sound+ some intense gameplay moments - nothing feels better than fighting for your life while purging incoming xenos masses as you secure a bridgehead with your terminator brothers.+ Good performance in SP - I know some people have had terrible performance in both SP and MP, but my SP has so far run very smooth. Only ever have fps drops below 50 when there's a lot of stuff going on together, such as 30+ tyranids, fire, pysker spells etc.Cons:- terrible performance in MP. – Havent been able to complete one single chapter in MP. Either I couldnt connect, disconnected shortly after joining or it just bugged out on me (unable to do anything after a while or completetly ♥♥♥♥ing up the resolution setting after a tab out).- mediocre AI. – Can't really fault tyranids for coming straight at you almost always, since most of the time youre in a dark corridor, but the allied AI could use some work. They often dont use melee, and having to tell your apothecary to heal himself is kind of silly. Could also use some work on positioning themselves.- Awkward UI – command wheel is annoying to use, especially when you're in a hectic fight.In addition the hotkeys listed dont work and giving out commands is extremely clunky.- Very low replayability – you only get cool cosmetic items towards the end of the game but even then its only 1 set. And, once you've finished the campaign, none of your unlocks matter at all since you overwrite the old game with your new one. Gathering relics is redundant since they give absolutely no bonuses or items. They're just there to say ""hey we have collectables"". Oh and those get reset on a new playthrough as well. Let me play through the game from the start with all weapons unlocked and let me choose which chapter I want to play!- Limited equipment options - some melee weapons are bound to the stormbolter (serious problem, since the force axe gives a huge cooldown buff but requires stormbolter), equipping anything but a narthecium on your apothecary is silly, limiting him to a stormbolter as well and you not having a 4th battle brother means youre going to be either lacking in the heavy fire support or melee support category.- Abrupt ending - just throws you back into the main menu without any real follow up.So yeah, I'm bummed out the most about not being able to customize my terminator and the very badly functioning multiplayer, as well as the general silly design options (overwriting save games, not being able to choose a chapter to play in SP, limited equipment options)."
76561198060601090,Recommended,298900,29107074,Posted: 7 January,all,stevensdastous,"I play until the 4 chapter. The space hulk is amazing... it feel so 40k. I got the game since it launch and it was not really complete. At this time, the game needed polish and after few patch, it become stable. It will need few polish here and here but the major issue for is all gone for me. If you want to feel what this universe, this game got it. For the gameplay, it is a fun game (this is what I expect for a game)Unfortunatly, the launch was a little push at the end... I am happy they correct all the major things. It is a game that deserve to be play. It is just sad they put a product too soon and miss they first impression.... the feeling inside is so amazing"
,Not Recommended,298900,28412784,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GoonPillow,"10/10 experience, once i refunded."
76561198007269307,Recommended,298900,28385176,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[SHD]SteelWarrior,Blessid is the mind too small for doubt.
76561197978775661,Not Recommended,298900,28381856,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Beserk06,Give this game a month before buying. For MANY people it's currently terribly optimized and you'll experience EXTREME tanking in your fps quality at specific points. The Devs themselves even experienced a fatal error crash ON STREAM on twitch. I'm SORELY dissapointed this had gone through the beta (this was a known issue) into live play. I have been waiting and watching for this game since the day it was announced and now I just don't even know what to think right now. Currently waiting to see if my refund goes through after trying fruitlessly to see if it was my own computer showing its age for two hours.tl;dr trash optimization makes this game virtually impossible to play in its current state for many.
76561197971476869,Not Recommended,298900,28381979,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DarkMonkey,"Haven't played long, just finished the tutorial and first map. I'm probably not going to refund it.The first horde I encountered tweaked out and couldn't even move. They just looked like a bunch of metal heads rocking out. Once I got through them, they didn't do it again...but there was a time where so many tyranids came out, I couldn't actually see anything.1.2 hours isn't much time for me to help you decide whether to buy this game but if I was pressed with the short time I played, I would say it is NOT worth the price. Note that the 33.99 prom is extended to January 2nd. If you look at other reviews, you'll notice people talking about server filtering and optimization--I DID notice some frame drops which is pretty absurd for this rig.Anyway, if you are literally GAGGING for a FPS Warhammer that isn't Eternal Crusade, then get it. Otherwise, it'll be on sale soon enough and you can try it then. This, is not a must have."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382095,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Davins,Would be a good game if the optimized it and fixed connectivity
76561198007248441,Not Recommended,298900,28399019,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Praxis,"What can i say..pretty pictures a trailer and hope arent enough to save this lemon. i dont want to come off as a jerk but you took my money for a game that i cant even get 10 min into the 1st solo mission without it crashing...frozen solid. i have not seen 1 single enemy, have not killed 1 thing, have not gotten to gideon, just frozen over and over. GARBAGE! thats what i call this, wasnt ready to release...clearly!and you would think i could play mission one with->Amd 8350,gtx970 turbo 4 gb( driver of dec 13th),16 gb of ram.wasting my time and taking my money, to hell with this.DONT BOTHER, let them show that they will put some effort into fixing this lousy p.o.s. b4 you buy."
76561198006973188,Not Recommended,298900,28381878,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chalupa,"This was really sad.  It felt super empty and unfinished. :c  I hope that updates and patches can make it good, because my brother and I really wanted to like it. :C"
,Not Recommended,298900,28517904,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,[BOX] Trevish,"Very pretty game, setting is great but the gameplay is mediocre.  They are also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the game's filestructure and requires over 30gb free space to dl and apply a 200mb patch."
76561197968312702,Not Recommended,298900,28369168,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ch0op,Constant Crashes. 5/7
76561198042784353,Recommended,298900,28405485,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Deckard,"As everyone is saying; needs work. On the positive side though absolutely aces the Space Hulk atmosphere with fantastic (generally) graphics, good sound and frantic battles. Deathwing certainly stresses your system so there maybe some system stability issues for some but I haven't had any crashes yet.Negatives. Bugs. Some setting don't save (or perhaps restore) correctly (I have to reapply my screen settings each game start). The zoom 'thermal' optic effect is comically bad; would be better to allow it to be turned off if they aren't going to fix it or have a proper look through ironsights view. PS Can we get an option to completely lose the aim cross? Can be repetitive but depends on how much you dig the atmosphere. The optimisation is poor. I get 60 fps at max until a horde of genestealers shows up and then you can halve that. Reducing the graphic detail does not significantly affect the framerate issue. I actually found locking the game to 30 fps felt better simply to get rid of the distracting framerate drops.Anyway how much you enjoy the game probably depends on how much you enjoy the 40K Space Hulk thing and how willing you are to overlook the problems. I like Space Hulk."
,Not Recommended,298900,29211810,Posted: 12 January,all,C-ON,Antoer failed Warhammer 40k game. Don't even bother
76561198148909657,Recommended,298900,28884675,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jadendunn51,its way to glitchy in this state
,Not Recommended,298900,28783598,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sentry,"Game feels incomplete at launch. Singleplayer experience is passable but not particularly interesting. The multiplayer is just the campaign without the ability to see all the lore.Look, it's neat, I won't lie.What I wanted and hoped for was WH40K: Space Marine: The Multiplayer ExperienceIf that's what you want, then keep waiting."
76561197976717814,Not Recommended,298900,28430735,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nicklaus,"buggy af.i7-6700kgtx 1050ti1920x108060 fps+ easily maintained~then black screen and must alt+tab back into the game~repeat~make some progress, enjoy the game~everyone DCs, chapter uncomplete...dafuq."
76561197971583456,Recommended,298900,28410807,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Moonsavage,"This game is great, looks and plays very well (GTX970 + I7-6700k)The only minor gripe I have is that the weapon you are given for pre-order isthe same as the starting Powerfist, maybe even worse."
,Recommended,298900,28460300,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cpt Charks,"I really wanted the multiplayer to be like the single player. Not my favorite game of 2016. If you're in it for the singleplayer, go ham."
,Recommended,298900,28460304,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Conqueror,"I'm not having the optimization others are experiencing, though I did have to tweak the graphics settings a bit to get a lag-free experience.The mechanics may be a little clunky, but I'll be damned if I haven't been enjoying this game. The atmosphere is excellent, the story compelling, and the gunplay enjoyable. It may not be as much fun for those who aren't 40k fans, but I've found this game to be thoroughly entertaining."
76561197972101505,Recommended,298900,28382253,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nikolas Kelset,"Game is awesome so far for single player. It has some issues with bugs for single player (fatal error crash) and some wierd Multiplayer mode. I think Space Beast Terror Fright is what actually resembles the Space Hulk tabletop better in some aspects and also has random maps generation. This game is fun but honestly should have been different as a design. I fear once it's completed has little to 0 replayability value. That's because there's no progression at all (I mean REAL progression especially for Multiplayer wich is just a nerfed version of the single player campaign with the same missions). Not to mention some completely useless features like the turrets hacking. Seriously..who designed that feature like that should seriously change job. You smell incompetency in gameplay design in every corner of this game (the monsters that clip and overlap togheter when there's too many for istance..the poor behaviour..the absence of suits elements that you need to repair and upgrade etc). While the art section is very well done (not a masterpiece but very good and gritty).This game would be probably fun If you play it with your close friends , but if you look for random groups well....I'd sincerely suggest you not to buy it for that kind of experience. It's average...terribly average and it's missing ALOT of the core tabletop rules and mechanics. It's a pity that game's workshops licences often fall in the wrong hands. I wouldn't say it's the next disappointment of the franchise but it went really close to be a total disaster. The price is fair and I hope It will get better and expanded with future patches or else it's gonna be as good as dead in a week.I still recommend this game since it's the only decent fps of warhammer 40k we have along with Space marine , but that's not an excuse to release garbage just because it has the NAME so it's gonna be bought no matter what. I really expect the Devs to upgrade and give us a better experience since we are Beta testing the game for free now and with that hope in mind I'll keep the game and not refound it."
76561198115035861,Recommended,298900,33931668,Posted: 31 July,all,rft3richard,"As a Warhammer 40k fan I found this game to be incredibly faithful to the lore and atmosphere that the 40k universe depicts in the fluff. Playing a Warhammer 40k game in first person is refreshing and what better expearince to put in first person than the Space Hulk. While playing the solo campaing the game feels like a horror survival expearince, which was fun compared to similar expearinces with the Alien IP. While playing in groups of friends the game quickly shifts from being a survival horror genera to the likes of the Call of Duty Zombies game type. I throughly enjoy playing this game for the labrenth of the level design and the rich enviroment. Also to note the custimizaion of your player can be a bit confusing at first but quickly becomes a pivital point for choosing your play style. The one part of this game that falls short if the solo play team AI. The friendly AI can be a bit slow at times to follow commands or escape combat. This game overall shines brightest when played with a group of friends, similarly to the acutal board game, the more players in the game the better the expearince (mic will be needed). Overall if I had to give this game a rating from 1-10 I would have a bias being a 40k player but the score 8/10 feels apropriate given the incredible world of 40k seamlesly being brought into the video game genera with the excitment of fighting of swarms of Tyranids with friends making for a Warhammer 40k expearince unlike any other (aside from the board game verson.) Thanks Space Hulk Dev team, you have truely raised the bar for future Warhammer 40k projects."
,Recommended,298900,28433362,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[GLN] rama,What he said. Cenotaph
76561197989640975,Recommended,298900,28515893,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NaitGrenade,"Fun in coop.1 thing, more items, weapons per class for co-op.still if you like the spacehulk, try it."
76561198065318873,Recommended,298900,28964282,Posted: 2 January,all,fini.obj,This is truly one of the best games i've ever played! It has done an amazing job with the level design and all around game play. If your a 40K fan or just like shooting aliens this game is for you!
76561198032893224,Not Recommended,298900,28426488,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,IwilbI,"bought one game for me and gifted it to someone elseAwesome atmosphereawesome graphics1 missionat the complete screen disconnected to host, no ""progression""2 missionactivated a terminal at the near end of the mission, can't shoot anymoretabbing out leads to reset of the respawn timerteam died3 missionfatal errortrying to refund it and telling my friend to refund it too."
76561197971518962,Recommended,298900,34542731,Posted: 27 August,all,Amphib_Squid,Absoulutley loving this game so far!!
,Recommended,298900,28475287,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Death Korps of Krieg Honor Guard,"Heres my 10 cents on this game,Overall I believe that this could be a very good game it just needs a bit of polish before it could be considered a great game. The atmosphere is great, the levels are very thematic and the emperor would greatly approve however that may be one thing that I feel that is lacking is a good thematic soundtrack to backup certain events. As for the story its pretty straight forward with the Space-Hulk series of games but one thing that im slightly dissapointed about is the lack of. . .chaos that the game builds you up for in the single player. You would think after all the game puts you through that some daemon of a boss would be at the center but in the end its kinda meh. Overall with some additions to multiplayer and co-op me and my friends ahve a really fun time playing in Codex Mode (all weapons / skills unlocked no equipment switches after lobby screen) simply because having to grind out abilities in later levels seems daunting since we play on hard mode.Number Ratings:- Atmosphere / Level Design 9/10- Sound Effects 8/10- Musical Score N/A- Replayability 6/10 (at current state)Multiplayer:Could use some work but hopefully alot f the issues will be addressed with the next patch, something that needs to be added is the full range of spells for the librarian class his flame wall spell would be really useful in higher difficulty since the chain lightning does dimishing effects on Genestealers and more often then naught misses everything (random shot in the dark weapon). The lack of not being able to use a flamethrower in multiplayer is dissapointing snce its a really great weapon even limiting it to the Assault class would make it a great choice. I also believe that melee needs to be improved upon for actual weapons such as the Force Sword, Power Axe and the Mace of absolution (not pre-order ones( needs a huge buff, they should be 1-2 hit kills on anything other than the heaviest of mobs."
,Not Recommended,298900,28437411,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,It's really fun but it simply runs terribly and crashes too often. Buy it when it's foxed.
76561198026309471,Not Recommended,298900,28437403,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ZemRam,"feels like my first unity game with nice models and levels.+ nice level design- huge framedrops even on 1070gtx- lame sounds, feeling of the bolter is not there.- lame aiming, tiny auto aim but still the bullets are way to spread.- not allot of enemy and player unit diffrences"
,Not Recommended,298900,28437555,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,★ BB-8,This game wracks discipline and polishing
,Recommended,298900,34870598,Posted: 10 September,all,Rykof,"Games a great addition to 40k, reminds me a bit of a Vermintide styled game but with Terminators."
76561198008778075,Recommended,298900,28408867,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Felix,"So if you're a 40k fan and are looking for a game that catches the ""feel"" of the 40k universe then look no further. The atmosphere, aesthetics, level design and sound design for this game are amazing. It also gets the feel of being a big hulking terminator across perfectly as well in my opinion.As for gameplay the multiplayer is where this games shines for me. They have added a ""Codex Rules"" option since the beta, which allows you to pick your loadout at the start of the mission instead of having to level up from scratch each time. This is a great addition and shows the devs listen to the fans, as a lot of people were complaining about the levelling system during the beta (I wasn't a fan of it myself either). The shooting feels solid to me (the assualt cannon is so righteous) and in a few hours of stomping though the space hulk with my battlebrothers we've had multiple memorably epic and fun moments.All that said the single player is quite fun as well. It helps to learn the hotkeys for the various squad commands, as the wheel interface is a bit awkward, but other than that I'm enjoying it.In terms of technical issues I haven't had any. I've had no crashes and other than some connection issues just after the game launched the multiplayer has run smoothly for me. I think they could improve the overall optimisation a bit, but I've had no noticably bad frame rate drops yet."
76561197970609628,Not Recommended,298900,28412523,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Budoshi,Another fun game crippled with bugs released this year....negative review utile they fix their damn game...getting VERY tired of these♥♥♥♥♥rushed releases.
76561198076691896,Not Recommended,298900,28762386,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dc,"Doesnt work, had to ask for a refund, No customer support nor threads to help me had to resort to trying different shady fixes on the internet but nothing worked, DONT BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,298900,28413894,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BlueThundah,"Fantastic, played single player for 5 hours straight on the hardest difficulty, not even a quarter of the way through. Can't wait for multiplayer"
76561198022009481,Recommended,298900,28461642,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mackeychan,"It's a very good game for what it is, however I believe in its current state you probably want a very good machine, I have a 4930k I7 6core HEDT, 16gig ram and Fury X graphics card, runs great for me. I have only played single player though. Hours shown don't reflect real time played as I usually play offline.Bless the Emperor for this game!"
,Recommended,298900,28559820,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gamle,"First of all. Im a Warhammer 40K fan and love the idea of a FPS game set in this universe.A lot of people have talked about fatal crashes making the game unplayable and huge drops in fps, but I have only experienced 1 crash in my 8 hours and the only time it was laggy when all the settings was set at maximum.When on medium settings (still nice graphics) everything runs smoothly even when 20+ stealers engaging me.This is only tried on singleplayer as of yet.GTX 970I7-3370 CPU 3,40 ghz"
76561198043842205,Recommended,298900,28580090,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Botch,"I'm extremely relieved that I have suffered zero problems as described by the community (so far). I purchased this just after the hotpatch went live, and have loved every single second of the game. Currently on the second chapter, and all lights are green. Great 21:9 native support, all settings maxed, 144fps with no stutter/dips, great atmosphere, amazing game.i7 3770kGTX1070If you've ever wondered what it would be like to be in command of a terminator squad, this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,298900,28698272,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,VooDooAddict,"I've only played Co-Op. No single player. It's been glorius. L4D style Co-Op play against hordes, in a fastastic setting.Yes, there have been a few crashes. But ussualy there's hours and hours of play between. And only clients dropout, then reconnect just fine. Never the host.No FPS issues yet either. We do have some beefy systems Our Co-Op crew consists of 2x GTX1070 Laptops, 1x GTX1080 Desktop, and 1x Watercooled Monster with 2x GTX1080 in SLI. But it's more than playable and gorgeous.If you like Warhammer 40k, Co-Op, and have a beefy rig for end of 2016, you should probably give this a try.If this describes you AND some of your friends. You owe it to yourself to try this."
,Recommended,298900,28765069,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Average Joe,Yes it has issuesYes it seems like their boss told em to wrap it up early cos he wanted his profitYes their is absolutely no progressionBut with a few friends on Skype this is still a hell of alot of fun.
,Recommended,298900,28699132,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sergeant Cyndaquil,"plays and feels exactly like you are one of the terminators on the space hulk, few minor bugs, but nothing game breaking, and the devs are very vocal about additional content and fixes.."
76561198126818306,Recommended,298900,28568152,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Darkhangel,"***If you have trouble running the game, apply this fix that has worked for me.Simply attach purity seals to your gaming machine before you play. Fixes all the issues and insures your prayers have worked. Apply before each use.The Emperor protects!"
,Recommended,298900,28520137,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ResonanceFrequency,Fantastic game with a lot of potential!
76561198181071637,Recommended,298900,28522208,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dreinhard,"I would recommend it with a lot of caveats and not quite right now.Just played through the first chapter on Single Player. Nothing about the issues with the game made it ""game breaking"" for me. There were framerate issues, even without being on advanced graphical settings, and at least the first chapter did have a sort of linear and plain feel (but I think similar can be said of many other good games in the first hour of play). I was stuck on the intro loading screen for a few minutes; I checked online to see if this was common- it is not uncommon appararently- and while looking online I heard the game start properly so I began the tutorial and subsequent first chapter. I didn't have any game crashes and I think the Devs made the world and setting beautifully immersive.Is it currently worth 30+ dollars? Probably not given the stiff competition from free-to-play an otherwise low budget games. But so far it seems fun enough on Single Player- time to see how multiplayer goes."
76561198041166946,Recommended,298900,28660149,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Super Kami Guru,"Honestly, I love this game. I've heard a lot of issues with bugs, freezes, faulty multiplayer, and then some issues where people are claiming that the terminators are too weak, the bullets don't do enough damage etc. Maybe this is just because I've played the other space hulk games, but terminators in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing tanks. Being able to survive multiple hits from rocket launchers, plasma cannons, or the rending claws of genestealers? I think the game got the feeling of being an elite space marine inside Terminator Armor perfectly, you feel heavy, strong, and nigh unstoppable. I also think the weapons themselves feel brilliant, the storm bolter mows down hordes of Genestealers fairly quickly, and genestealers themselves aren't some random fodder, they're strong creatures in their own right. That's not to even talk about how great the assault cannon and flamer are.The main con I want to approach is the terminator AI, which occasionally gets stuck, or doesn't shoot, or hides behind a wall, or is generally unhelpful. Unless you guide them constantly, they're only really useful for chokepoints and being bullet sponges. Regardless, I think this game is great, doesn't deserve the flak it's been getting, and I thoroughly recommend it."
76561197970758637,Recommended,298900,28768005,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,grd,Loving this game.  I am enjoying it even with bugs.  Made it to the 8th level before it had any problems.   Enjoying the weapons.
76561198003059604,Recommended,298900,29593710,Posted: 30 January,all,Jem,"At the moment, this is an unpolished gem. Yes, there are bugs (sound especially), there are some glaring omissions that really should have been included at the planning stage (lore and descriptions for relics, cosmetic customisation), and interaction with the world is limited. But the world is so beautifully realised that you want to reach out to the dusty scrolls in the scriptorium, operate the consoles etc. Combat can be relentless but you're made to feel like the massively armoured juggernaut of destruction that you look. It's rare nowadays in an FPS to keep moving forward as opposed to circle strafing, running backwards while shooting, or taking  cover,  and it really feels empowering to forge ahead aggressively shooting, slashing and lashing out with psychic powers.If the developers keep tweaking, polishing and enhancing this title as they say they will throughout the year, this will be a cult classic."
76561198006610546,Recommended,298900,28412651,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cheekyfeeff,"doing multiplayer with just one other person and having a blast with the spear of caliban, i would waaagh but that would be blasphmy ;)"
,Recommended,298900,28413505,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sir Phobos,"Looks great, runs fine for me, no lag or frame rate issues... there are long loads into the game, but nothing once you're there... AI isn't god awful.  Its a fun 40k experience, it feels like Space Hulk."
,Recommended,298900,28413529,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Axeros Taros,"I recommend this game for real 40k fans. They got a Black Library author to write the story, and it shows. They also clearly had top notch artists. You've seen the videos, the levels look amazing. Amazing sound design as well, Outisde of combat you will hear the ship creaking and groaning, steam hissing, the whole atmosphere is really immersive. The single player alone is worth the buy in my opinion. The multiplayer is very crashy right now, there is no denying that. I feel sure though  with all the work they have put into the level design, sound and story on this game, that they will make every effort to stabalize and optimize the multiplayer mode. When that patch drops and you can just jump into 4 player games without a hitch, this is going to be one of the best 40k titles out there. That being said, Sanctus Reach is coming in 2017, I think it is going to be a worthy 40k game as well."
76561198006578814,Recommended,298900,28413173,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chaos Druid,"I have read through alot of the negative reviews on this game and have come to two conclusions:1) People bought this thinking it was some multiplayer mayhem fest with all sorts of new maps and arenas. Nothing I ever saw of this game's promotion said it was like that. Its an FPS with a basic campgain or a basic multiplayer where you and several friends play through the maps.2) People are playing this game on a potato with a monitor hooked up to it and wondering why it doesnt play well. A basic up to date rig should play this no issue on average settings.So then onto my own review. I will say this game isnt some stellar new wave of 40k gaming, or fps gaming in general. But it does what it was ment to. Creating an atmospheric FPS based on Space Hulk full of grimdark, blood, bolter shells and generaly being an awesome machine of death.Pro: Solid graphics, lots of dark ambiance and dim glowing lights with tons of gritty textures and great lighting.Pro: Great sound. Imersive, haunting, epic and very 40k. Good voices for the Space Marines especialy when speaking through the helmet vox.Pro: Blood. Blood everywhere. As 40k should be.Pro: Good controls. Decent handeling and switching from CC to Ranged attacks. Good movement and responce.Pro: Tyranids swarm the hell out of you. Great representation of the Hive Mind in action.Con: Havent seen the supposed intellegent AI yet that causes the tyranids to use tactics and advantage. But right now I have only been up against the ""grunt"" genestealers. This may change.Con: Action gets a little too in your face some times, to the point you can't tell what is even going on. Spray and pray moments are a little too numerous.Con: Maps and Menus are sorta flat and dont give much to work with. You tend to have to guess what things to click on and what means what.Final Review: If you enjoy 40k, enjoy the turn based Space Hulk games, Enjoy other FPS that are more about atmosphere and style like AVP and Doom 3 or just want something diffrent from the norm, buy this game. Its  cheaper than the average new game as it is, and the promo sale is going on through X-mas.Dont get disuaded by all the negative reviews from people who wanted....I don't know, a sudo mulitiplayer rpg fps tactics game that runs on a $150 pos from Best Buy made in 2011. Its an FPS, with squad control, some good customization and exploration. variable tactics and play style, that lets you play the missions one by one with friends if you want.9.0/10"
76561198006491048,Recommended,298900,28415114,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Brother Matthias,"Fun, nil gameplay issues, some badarse weapons, good sound and atmospherics. As I say, fun."
,Recommended,298900,28413786,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Haven,"If you're a warhammer fan and like games like L4D and vermintide, then buy now. For anyone else, wait till they make improvements or when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382711,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PaPaNurgle(Justin),Unplayabled not because its a bad game me and my friends keep crashing. Please fix.. i really want to play.
,Not Recommended,298900,28382675,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,iMonarch,The reason why I'm refunding is because of the poor optimisation issues that are happening with alot of people. If nothing changes soon I can see this game dying very fast. If things change i'll probably buy it again in the future.
76561197964083847,Recommended,298900,28437945,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,loz,"Ok so my battle brothers may seem a bit dim, but this game is certainly heading in the right direction!Mowing down hordes of Xenos with an assault cannon never felt so stressfull and stress relieving at the same time.very much worth a play if your into 40K. Though story could do with fleshing out, and maybe throw in some customisable armour upgrades. as most of the maps are just windy corridors with no real reason to loiter in them.I am very much enjoying the atmosphere! i nearly shake in my space boots, nearly.Ive not finished the game so , so far its a 6.5 out of 10"
76561198043090851,Recommended,298900,28696542,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,arielchyld,I saw the negative reviews for this game and I had to post somthing beacuse they bugged me so much. I am a huge Warhammer and Warhammer 40k Fan. I think this game nailed exactly what a spachulk would be like and its tyranid guests. I read a few reveiws saying that the armor wasnt powerful enough.. etc. Its funny how people include biased lore but disclode other lore that would make the game accurate. Yes a terminater is a walking tank... but Sence when did it say in Warhammer 40k lore that the tyranids were weak? I have never played a spachulk game where the Terminators walked all over the tyranids.... In fact I can say with confindence if such a game were made i didnt play it. Tyranids Have armor they have great weapons... Get over it.I dont normally play a whole lot of first person shooters that being said... I played it on the normal diffculty and beat it in six hours. It wasnt overly hard. If you know 40k then I should have to explain this but.. I leave a spoiler!! Stack you squad skills and your Librarian powers.. and use the incredibly overpowered melee weapons to kill tyranids with ease. Many a swarm Lord did not like meeting my Force Hammer!!This game is great. If i had a complaint.... it might be a little to easy and a bit short.I feel the negative reveiws are poeple looking for a very easy game where they are overpowered.... For those reveiwers I have a game for you. Candy land is a wonderful board game this might be a better choice for you. If i ever find you on a warhammer 40k battle feild.... you can run but the Emperor will find you :)
76561198001492373,Recommended,298900,28365236,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Krabberab,I´ve played an hour so far. This could be a lot of fun!!!
76561198007022771,Recommended,298900,28365359,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Asphyxion,Drive them back!
76561198032625249,Recommended,298900,28366713,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Theridran,so far i geniuly enjoy this game alot ^^ so far no technical troubles have not tried co-op or anything but mostly because i an not interested that much in playing with other players xD . so far worth the price ;)
,Recommended,298900,28366725,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Khornebrzrkr,"I'm posting this on launch day so keep that in mind. I've just finished the first story mission at time of posting.As you'll hear in other posts there are some performance issues, FPS drops and such. My game's been running at about 40 fps which is fine for me, I think it's important to note that I wouldn't say a game has bad fps if it didn't have beneath 30. The main thing for me has been pretty long loading screens but I think all the performance stuff is a non-issue because that can be fixed relatively easily.Now here's my take on the game:The developer nailed the atmosphere, in my opinion. Trudging around the space hulk it's claustrophobic and creepy, nice and dark and rusty just like it should be, but then there's also the huge cathedral-like rooms that have an excessive amount of space, which also fits since Imperial ships in Warhammer 40k are usually gigantic. You can see the Genestealers' eyes glowing in the dark as they come after you, and I really get the paranoia that I think this kind of Alien-esque trek through a derelict ship should have.As for the combat, it again could use some work but I don't think it's FUBAR. There's this weird delay between melee strikes where the game doesn't register you pressing the button again, and that will get you some extra hits that you really shouldn't have had. Health feels pretty good though- being a terminator you're tough, but if I remember from tabletop genestealers have rending on their melee attacks so you're not invincible. Bahariel and Nahum, your squadmates, have kind of dumb ai at present- that can also be fixed pretty easily I think.All in all, it's not perfect, but I don't think it's beyond hope. You'll see negative reviews and positive reviews, but actually playing the game made me feel a lot more confident about it than reading comments on the discussions did. Try to remember that forums almost always have more of the negative opinion represented than the positive, since people who like the thing probably don't really care about posting about it as much. I bought the game because Focus has its name on Blood Bowl and Mordheim and I liked both of those immensely so I'm sure the dev will stay with it and fix the problems it does have.TL;DR, It's not perfect, but Deathwing really captures the idea of the Space Hulk tabletop. My advice is give it a little while if you're not sure."
76561198022174175,Recommended,298900,28710777,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr. Meowgi,I am the Hammer.I am the sword in His hand.I am the Gauntlet about His fist.I am the Bane of His foesand the woes of the treacherousI am the End.
76561197962397563,Recommended,298900,29119371,Posted: 8 January,all,Snowflake,"Haven't played a lot yet. Only 1-2 hours of the campaign. But man, it's great.The atsmopshere is just great, the constant echoing of the terminator suit footsteps.I love how clumsy you feel in the terminator armor, but also so powerful.Will update as I get to play some more.Anyway's majority of negative reviews seem to be regarding poor performance and bugs, of which I have seen nill. Yet. Could be a lot of people with weak rigs."
,Recommended,298900,28367574,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grimoire+,"I played in the Beta and that was long loading times, sluggish and poorly optimized but since the full release iv'e crashed once and ran into afew FPS drops but despite all that, i've had some hilarious moments, some moments backed into corners with my squad and we've loved every minute of it.Something i learnt awhile ago; Don't trust reviews, try it and make your own judgement, something that somebody else hates you might enjoy, and something somebody else enjoys you might hate."
,Recommended,298900,28442253,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,camel in thebush,"Fun game, but not what my friend and I were expecting. We were hoping for some customization to this, but it isnt.... but I still find it fun and graphics are pretty outstanding."
76561197998111437,Recommended,298900,28368668,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sivilus,Finally a good game based on Warhammer 40KPRAISE THE EMPEROR
,Recommended,298900,28368772,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lilyath,"Personally, I think this game is very underrated. There are people who say they have issues with bugs or glitches, so far i haven't had problems with them. However, the only downside for me is the incredibly long load times. I think the load times cut a very hole in a otherwise immersive game with absolutely beautiful level designs and graphics. To me, thats the major plus side of this game; its beautiful level design (very dark and gothic themed but overall very good looking) as well as its grusome depiction of genestealer violence which feels just like a Left 4 Dead in space.TL:DRBeautiful level designImmersiveGREPHIXTerribly long load times(Dark/ Gothic atmosphere may throw some people off?)"
,Recommended,298900,28438966,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,NiGhT.TiMe,"I'm a 40K fan to the core, having said that, there is some validity to what some people here are saying with some tech issues.  But It has run fine for me.  Its also a personal milestone to CRUSH THE ENEMIES OF THE IMPERIUM. XENOS SCUM.  Anyway, this game is worth the money and I actually love and look forward to see what happens next with this game!"
76561198006514123,Recommended,298900,28368374,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rogal_Dorn,"Wow!  I was super nervous about this game after hearing all the whining about the Beta.  This game is awesome and as a 40k fan I can really feel all the love and care that went into the title.  Don't listen to the haters, the extra week of development clearly helped A LOT.  I can offer up an unqualified recommendation for it.  If you like 40k, this game is pure gold.Side note is that the game ran perfectly at high frame rates at the highest settings. Really not sure what people are complaining about."
76561197961885143,Recommended,298900,28366452,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,theseeman,"Just a quick review, Amazing Atmosphere, graphics great.I didn't play board game Space hulk and only a tiny bit of Space Hulk Ascension but lots of time playing Xcom and Incubation. I mention them because this is again a game where the time you spend reloading can and will be taken advantadge of by the enemy. I have only played the first level and a little of the second on normal so don't take my word for it. But my legs feel pretty ok.RunningAMD 8350390X 8gb16 gb system memCrossfire V boardmy monitor is a phillips with a 1ms response time I'll get the exact product number later when I updaste the rest of the review.I don't have anything tweaked or clocked."
76561198006548084,Recommended,298900,28368678,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rogalf,"As i hadn`t encountered any CTDs or Framerate drops, my experience is quite good. Singleplayer is ok, but the real fun is in Coop. As long as the Host doesn`t use the Apothecary or opens the inventory, the Game was stable and smooth.The Leveldesign is just awsome! the lighting is spectacular and the Atmosphere outstanding.Sure, if it stays this way, the Game will get boring realy fast, so the Developers need to add Missions and other Goals or Modes. Also the technical issues need to get fixed soon.But: This is just the Game i was waiting for as a longe time Warhammer 40K Fan/ Tabletop Player."
,Recommended,298900,28439415,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ScoDal,"I've had a lot of fun playing this game. I have two nearly identical computers spec wise. One is an 8 core AMD with a gtx 970 and one is an i7 with quad core hyperthreading and a gtx 970. Both typically play games equally, however... The AMD has moments when it gets reduced to nearly 1 fps during gameplay and the Intel based computer does not experience this. Thus, I play on the Intel computer. This makes no sense to me, but I am putting it out there for other people complaining about FPS and to the developers in hopes this might be of some insight to making all those who want to play happy. Seeing if maybe I've found a common ground as to why so many people are having problems. Are those reporting issues running an AMD cpu?Otherwise, have had many hours of coop and single player fun. Gritty, beautiful, and intriguing."
76561198001189144,Recommended,298900,28439940,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,unknown1807,sick
76561198009491803,Not Recommended,298900,28512011,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Gorle,"5/10TLDR: Fun Single Player, broken Coop and alot of bugs and basic♥♥♥♥♥♥they forgot to make.First of all. I thoroughly enjoyed the Single Player part.Too bad the game is only half done.PROS:Fantastic atmosphereReally makes you feel like a heavy TerminatorOverall a really fun Single Player game.CONS:Bugs.. Lots of bugs.No Mission-select for Single PlayerNot enough Missions-Combat in open spaces is way to often just chaos (and not in a fun way). In these situations, you have no way of winning by using thought-out-tacticts. You only way to win is by smashing and shooting randomly to all sides.-Coop is broken (You can't play a Campaign. Only single missions with a little progression that resets when you start a new mission.. oh and ALOT of bugs). Coop would have been much better, if friends could just hop in to a bot in the Single Player, with a added leveling system for each character... Now it just feels random and pointless.Conclussion: Only for 40k fans.. There's so many bugs and worse: basic stuff a game needs, that they just didn't make. Like a mission select menu, or a coop-campaign.All though I had fun, I can't recommend it before it gets some serious patching and updates.PS. The game looks like a coop-focused-game, but apparently the devs thought of it as a SP game.When playing Single Player, I often thought: Wow! This would be so cool to play with a friend.. To bad the devs didn't think the same."
,Not Recommended,298900,33001982,Posted: 29 June,all,Stone,"Deathwing sells itself as a little bit of Vermintide in the 40K setting and a more action-based Space Hulk.This is not what Deathwing is. It a simplistic shooter, albeit with great graphics, that doesn't deliver.Spoilers:Collecting Relics? What's the point?Psychic powers, all of them are damage based? Why? Would be fun with a squad teleport, heal, stasis, shield etc.Closing doors, why? I never saw it stop the horde properly, almost alwyas hinder you instead.Turrets, active turrets seems to ignore enemies for the most part, and are weak when hacked.Story feel ok and with the nice ambience it works. The details are very cool.Missions still feels like corridor cleaning spam tho, and whyyyy are there Cthulhu genetealers?"
,Recommended,298900,28366030,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hereza,So far game ran/running smooth.  Loving the gameplay.
76561198005311262,Recommended,298900,28366064,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Deathbyppt,"Really excellent atmosphere, weapons are fun to shoot, visuals are fitting to the universe. I've only played a short time, but what i've done so far has been pretty entertaining.I can see with time, it might become repetitive and stale. The multiplayer (which I have tried one match of) was frustrating. I played with a good group for about 25 minutes before there was a connection error, erasing all the progress we'd made on the mission.Also very dissapointing that there isn't an RPG element, where you can keep levels gained and gear between matches (ala Vermintide)Honestly I was REALLY hoping this would be 40k Vermintide/L4D, but It isn't. I think the game is fun, just not what I was hoping it would be. Hopefully the Development team continues to support this title after the release and add some much-needed features (mentioned above) to the game. If you can get this game on sale, it's worth maybe 20 hours of fun before it'll grow stale.Still recommended, but with caution."
,Recommended,298900,28366039,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cross,PURGE THE XENOS FOR THE EMPEROR!!!!!! 10/10 WILL PURGE AGAIN
76561197973905833,Recommended,298900,28479167,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TheSeaker,"Well, I've played through the first mission, and man, this game is FUN on solo. It's amazing to be able to say that. I really like my AI dudes. As long as you micro-manage them a bit to best fit their loadout, it's great fun. The devs NAILED the atmosphere. I really do feel like a terminator in a 40K space hulk. It's awesome.I see negative reviews talking about optimization and bugs. I'm sorry these people are having issues, but I've had no troubles except maybe some minor framerate issues when getting swarmed. But then again, I've maxed out everything with a GTX 980 at 1080p soooo... Trust me, these devs aren't going to bail on this game. There's too much here to walk away from at this point. These issues will be fixed and the game expanded. You watch and see.Anyway, as for other kinds of negative reviews, I wish these lore buff people would stop whining about minor things and appreciate what is here. This is an awesome game! Don't let the negative reviews from people who talk about ""this isn't what it's like in real terminator armor"", ""terminators shouldn't feel recoil from the bolter"",  ""termiantors can't run in this armor"" blah blah, and all that crap. BUY IT. THIS GAME IS AWESOME! even for 40k buffs who aren't know-it-alls."
76561198090442319,Not Recommended,298900,28367469,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,olegsvyato,"I feel like a child who got coal for Christmas for no apparent reason.I preodered the game and was really inspired by promotional and gameplay videos: CoOP FPS in WH40K universe! WOW!  Happy burning the heretics! Let none survive! e.t.c.But cruel reality crushed all my hopes. The game is clunky and unoptimized, loading takes an unspeacable amount of time, controls are buggy, graphics and sound are unimpressive. Atmosphere and design are more or less fine.For the first time on steam i'm considering a refund."
76561198189881030,Not Recommended,298900,28366586,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,grandmasterpesh,Was really looking forward to this game but with only 30 minutes play time I refunded the game.•	Worst optimization I have ever seen•	No 4k resolution options•	Controller buttons don’t work properly•	Random FPS dropsOnly buy this game in 6 months time as it feels rushed. Steam summer sale??
76561197992345832,Not Recommended,298900,28380325,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ymer,"5/10, refunded.Pros:1: Terminators, Space etc.2: Good ""feel"" when shooting.3: Good atmosphere.4: Game runs fine on max settings for me in single player.Cons:1: Bugs-Crosshair shakes even with no enemies around. Even just when walking.-Crashes in multiplayer (can't even get in, tried only once due to negative feedback on co-op. Never got this crash in beta.)-Unresponsive menu buttons. Missing descriptions.-Physics are bad. Enemy floated straight up for no apperant reason. Bodies react ballon-like.2: AI. Single player bots are mindless automatons that only knows to A) follow you, B) shoot when targets appear. Everything else must be ordered, including heals in the heat of battle.3: Solo campaign leveling system.-Missing descriptions and spelling errors on certain skills. One skill read ""The psycher uses their force powers to break his enemies"" (yes, indeed) with no further explanation. (other skills have a description in brackets of what i really does, +10% armor etc).-Only 3 skill ""trees"" (they're linear) with five skills in each (15 total). One to boost you, one boosts team and one gives you psychic abilities. No specilizations.4: Bad animation. From lightning claws to genestealers turning on walls, to step on the floor with feet first.5: Melee combat. Feels clunky, it's a simple swing in front of you. No grabbing, crushing or throwing enemies with powerfists or similar variations.6: Tactics are limited. Blocking doors for what, when enemies spawn at fixed locations, always in the same room?7: Zero replayability. Fixed spawn locations, making every replay identical apart from your loadout and changing diffulty.8: I don't know about W40K lore, but brick walls in a spaceship in the 41th millenium!?Developers livestreaming on release (game is continously crashing on them as of writing this):https://clips.twitch.tv/focushomeinteractive/DeadWombatPMSTwin"
,Not Recommended,298900,28365569,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PacoMNL,"The game is poorly optimized and is currently unplayable for me. Unfortunately a lot of us are still having framerate issues. Undoubtedly, the game needs a performance patch. I'm running the game on a GTX 1070, playing on max / ultra settings / 2560 x 1080 and my game stutters every time a new section of the map loads, and when there are lots of enemies on screen the fps dips below 30.A lot of independent game reviewers confirm these dips.I preordered the game and really want to enjoy it...sadly, these technical issues stand in the way of an otherwise enjoyable experience. Wait for a patch before you buy this."
,Not Recommended,298900,31334798,Posted: 24 April,all,Spears,Soo many game breaking bugs.massively long loading times.First 5 missions are fine then it just goes downhill.and forget multiplayer.
76561197985427354,Recommended,298900,30535757,Posted: 15 March,all,She's got a great axe,Buy this game because i want EYE divine cybermancy 2
,Recommended,298900,28367437,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,UnexplainedGravy,"I have not experienced framerate drops like others have.Windows 10 64 BitI have a GTX 970i7 4790kThe Good:- Game is graphically pleasing.- the view looking out of your terminator armor, along with the head bob, etc, is really great. I love the job they did with that.(more to come, still haven't played through all the levels on the various difficulties)The Bad:- Aiming is strange, if you're near an obstacle, your gunfire can hit it even if the reticle is actually over the target. i.e. wall on your right side, you're aiming, you'll hit it instead. I mean, It makes sense, from a logical standpoint that gunfire would hit an obstacle if your gun is positioned incorrectly, but surely Space Marines would be able to move their guns a bit to compensate for obstacles :P- People HAVE mentioned framerate issues. If you post a review about that, please post what sort of hardware you have. That helps the devs.- I respawned on chapter 2 and couldn't shoot or use abilities. The issue resolved itself within a few moments. Wish I had more info on how to reproduce the issue though to help the devs.- Relics are cool, but..what do they do? Are they just there? I didn't see any sort of info about what they did, maybe I missed it.SUBJECTIVE:I feel like after I complete the campaign, run through the levels with some friends on the various difficulties, that'll be that. Maybe I'm wrong? Idk. I mean, left 4 dead was fun and that's pretty much all that was, so maybe I'll change my mind.I don't like how they SHOW you where enemies spawn. Take that away, leave it to surprise.I don't like how it's hard to tell if you've gotten a headshot or not. Maybe even if the reticle did something to indicate that you landed a headshot. Something about KNOWING when you've landed a headshot is satisfying.- Melee leaves something to be desired. Don't get me wrong. You have these Space Marines in huge Terminator armor. I don't expect them to do dances and stuff, but maybe make the melee a bit more fluid, it seems to be...clunky.Maybe add more unlockables, skins for the classes, cosmetic stuff, etc.CONCLUSION:I like the game, I don't regret buying it, and I feel like this is something I'll keep checking back on as the devs listen to feedback. In the meantime, I'll play through it and enjoy it, then move on.===If I hadn't already bought it, would I buy it again?=== Yeah I think so. I like Warhammer, and I really like the game so far from what I've played, despite a few minor things which can be easily tweaked in future updates.Dev note: Please, don't rush games. Take the time you need. I know you're probably under pressure to release it, but first impressions are everything. Maybe even partner with a group of popular / effective reviewers to do further testing and make lists of bugs / opportunities for improvement. Just don't rush games out the door (I'm glad it got delayed, but I wouldn't have even been mad if it were delayed a bit more for further tweaking)Hope this helps someone."
76561197998318543,Not Recommended,298900,28383016,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,billyclub,Best 5 minutes repeated 10 times - in my life!The time I played I was impressed with the atmosphere enough to want to try every possible door to get out of the main room you start in. (lvl 1) Found no matter what door i tried or performance tweak or update check I made yielded  no change. So now I am playing doom in 4k with no issues. I hope  they fix it so I can buy it again!
,Not Recommended,298900,28368983,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shillz,"Singleplayer: Decent, but nothing incredible. It's alright for the first 4 missions but then gets boring as every mission has you walking to the far end of the map, then walking back, and then walking to the far end again. The AI for your fellow marines is also nothing special. Most of the time they'll just stand around and block a door you want to close and block off. You also have to manually tell them to heal anyone, including yourself.Singleplayer has far more abilities and weapons than multiplayer and the xeno's don't take nearly as many bullets to kill as they do in multiplayer, so there's that. Also level intros and some cinematic sequences. You get a basic talent tree that unlocks more abilities and passive buffs (not in multiplayer of course!).Multiplayer: DO NOT GET THIS GAME FOR COOP! It was advertised as a coop game, but it's a HORRIBLE coop game. There is so much cut content that you can use in the singleplayer but not in the multiplayer. Enemies take far more damage to take down than in singleplayer and end up being health sponges.General gameplay: Terminators get torn to nothing very quickly by stubber guns. STUBBER GUNS OF ALL THINGS! Not only that, but your weapons hit like toy guns. In multiplayer it's 12 shots with a bolter to kill a single genestealer on normal mode. Most of the weapons feel like garbage. In fact, the guns are so bad that it's better to mash Q and use your melee weapon as it stuns the xeno's, knocks them back, and kills them in 2 hits.Melee combat sucks. Just mash M1 or Q.Movement is typical FPS movement. Don't feel like you're a massive walking tank as you should.Sound: The ambient sounds are fantastic. You feel like you're really in a space hulk until the bad gameplay reminds you it's just another crummy 40k shovelware.The gun sounds are absolutely horrible. They have no power behind them and are just downright embarassing.There's really no music, so that's also another bad design choice.Graphics/Scenery: Fantastic. This is the best looking Warhammer game out there. The attention to detail in environments is top tier. I feel like they spent too much time on this and not enough on gameplay actually.Enemies: There's really no variety in enemies. You have the rediculously powerful stubbers, the ones with rockets that never hit you, the genestealers which all mesh together and become unidentifiable except for the mini-boss and broodlord. You're just going to be spamming Q on them too much to notice any difference.Overall my contrived rating system rating is: 6/10Right now the game is a mess. The gameplay sucks, the missions are boring, the guns are pointless. It looks pretty but that doesn't matter when all you do is walk around and mash Q."
76561198118854756,Not Recommended,298900,29407029,Posted: 21 January,all,WillyTheKilly,ABSOLUTLY DISAPOINTING!!!
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,298900,28406985,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dethstarr,"I left the immaterium and immediately found myself in the tedium.Absolutely terrible.  Another scamhammer. 2 button combat.  Trudging dull combat.  Every moment an effort to play on the basis that just maybe it gets better.  Avoid Warhammer games like the plague.  The whole series is a scam.When a genestealer kills you, its a good thing as you might just go play something else less crap.Bad textures on maxmium.Mediocre graphics.Ok voice overs.Mindblowing drudgery.A combat game with almost no combat system.  This was a shame purely designed to exploit the name.This is the Warhammer remake of colonial marines.  I wontder if it  is too late to get my money back from these shysters.  Even console gamers are probably hanging themselves.The redeeming feature of this game? It does have a field of view slider and the art style is pretty consistent with what I would expect to see.Off to file for a refund in the hope I will get something back for this trash."
76561198019207000,Not Recommended,298900,31609332,Posted: 7 May,all,-=IMT=-Patient Zero,"This game is neat but in the same sense its terrible. First off its only made for people with Nvidea graphics cards, really limiting the market. If you are not running Nvidia the game runs like crap. I have a very good Radeon video card but the game does not work well with it. Secondly there is little point in the leveling system since every time you finish a run you start back at ZERO. WTF. Hey I just spent the last hour and etc and made it to whatever lvl is max now for the next campaign. Oh what the hell why am I lvl 1 again? Seriously? This is a one and done game. Play it once and throw it out. I cannot for the life of me think of one successful game your company has made. You are a let down in every aspect, maybe you should just stick to making something that actually works."
76561198010120271,Not Recommended,298900,30677928,Posted: 22 March,all,Spidermang,Game ♥♥♥♥in sucks.
76561197978733024,Not Recommended,298900,29184628,Posted: 11 January,all,Dicks out for Harambe,"What you do in the first five minuites of the game is what you will do the rest of the game. no new enemys no great story no great progression, Low energy. SAD!"
,Recommended,298900,28386685,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Samoht Nox,10/10 would purge againpvp next year?? yelp
,Not Recommended,298900,28415648,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Daimo,"Update: Game is still rancid. Two fatal errors, awful save system and horrible load times.-Stomp stomp stomp, die. Choose slot to load...60 seconds later, stomp stomp stomp, die. Choose slot to load...Cannot save, cannot quicksave, loading screen is a mess of slots and the quicksaves are random.Runs like garbage.CTD at 2.1 hours played."
76561197963053069,Not Recommended,298900,28534370,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Difficultylevel,"When you have to wait for a door to open as a Terminator, you know the dev's do not understand the lore of WH40K."
76561197961765490,Not Recommended,298900,28380258,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RaginRoach,This is a cool concept but the poor frame issues even with higher end specs just hurts it. The load times are not as bad as other people are saying but they could use some work. A friend and I continued to crash to desktop and fatel error message popup but no explaination to why. I will be refunding this product.
,Not Recommended,298900,28379618,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Skorne,"As of the time of this review still has many bugs in multiplayer.   In first hour of play, missions briefings not playing correctly,  objective markers not appearing but by far the worst is all attack controls becoming completely unresponsive (which changing class etc. does not fix).This game could have really benefitted from another 3-6 months development time but they rushed it for the holidays and they will pay for it in negative reviews."
76561197982717105,Recommended,298900,30167414,Posted: 25 February,all,BaronZaraguin,Game is A W E S O M E !!! . For me this is one of the best Warhammer 40K games ever made.  I recommend and hope the game succeeds and be ported to other systems in near future.
76561198025593487,Recommended,298900,28429976,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FailStation,"With these pc specs and while streaming on maximum graphics i had about 30 fps when it was a lot of smashing and splashing going on. Other than the major fps drops i like the game so far but having a PC like mine i should never go below 60fps, even if i'm streaming with maximum graphics (Not bragging)Operating System - Windows 10CPU - Intel Core i7 6700K @4.00GHzRAM - 32GB Dual Channel @1066MHzMotherboard - MSI Z170-S02 (MS-7998)Graphics Card - Nvidia Titan X PascalMain Monitor - ROG PG278QR (2560x1440 @165Hz)"
76561198018960982,Not Recommended,298900,30050130,Posted: 19 February,all,cjohnston54,"I haven't even gotten the to play the game yet, and I'm sorely dissapointed. I had to use task manager to close it out twice, before it would even open to the main menu. Also, I can't even complete the tutorial because the controls don't seem to work. Neither with an Xbox1 controller, or my keypad. I wasn't expecting an amazing, high-budget, open-world game with endless possibilities.... But I was expecting a game that worked. This one doesn't."
76561197961199744,Recommended,298900,29499850,Posted: 26 January,all,Sanman,"I'd rate it 8/10 at the moment. Unlike most the people  whining in the reviews section, I finally have a proper gaming rig (i7 + 1080) so no slowdowns for me.Loading times are fine, everything seems bug free at the moment. I've only played 2 maps single player and tried one map co-op.The plus points:It's damn cool !Weapons seem great.Assault cannon :)You do  have to think about which doors are worth sealing, if you break them down you have to accept the decision.The minus points:Melee seems a bit clumsy.Finding relics is a PITA, not even sure if it helps unlock anything anyways.Single player mission and Co-op version seems drastically different. Tried co-op on easy and it started off too easy just on level one then became insainely difficult on the same level."
76561197999003511,Recommended,298900,29048853,Posted: 5 January,all,Cheshire Vash,4/10I not gain BrouzoufI not gain BrouzoufI not gain BrouzoufMy legs are OK
76561197970785554,Not Recommended,298900,28889063,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hal_2005,"A neo-nazi's idea of Payday 2. Could have been amazing but instead is mediocre and poorly optimized. The AI is crap and is nothing more sophisticated then zerg rushes who tend to get stuck on the bad mapping or door transitions. All things which would be acceptable from a ""indie"" developer, but not a company charging $50+ for one of Video Gamings most revered (cash cow) franchises.Avoid and go short some Game Workshop stock instead with your money.*(Not a real investment opinion, do your own research when playing the English Stock Exchange, such as reading steam reviews)."
,Not Recommended,298900,30535719,Posted: 15 March,all,Donglord,"I refunded the game very shortly after completing one mission back in it's release. I'm overdue for this review mainly because I forgot but also  I felt sort of upset with how bad this game actually turned out. Everything from the gameplay, GUI, visuals and sounds were just flat wrong. It had so much potential but to see it in such a bad state at release. I played the beta and said ""oh they're going to fix a lot of these things"" but they didn't. Nothing was fixed."
,Not Recommended,298900,30687320,Posted: 23 March,all,Zenon #Vegas was lit,I love Warhammer anything and I should of refunded this when I had the chance.
76561198004455670,Recommended,298900,28381439,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Crow,"Me, and both the friends I'm playing this with have no real issues with the optimisation. We have good and steady frames except for when the horde gets insane. At that point my frames are fine, but they suffer a MINIOR framerate drop due to inferior hardware.The game is great actually. Far better than vermintide imho. It's challenging on the hard difficulty and the combat abillities of each character makes for interesting choices when choosing strategy.It seems to me that most negative reviews are echo chambers of negative youtubers during the beta."
76561197963525024,Not Recommended,298900,30520531,Posted: 14 March,all,☢ BaLLs Of SteeL ☢,"I love Warhammer games and i had big hopes for this game, but this is not worth it. Gameplay mostly moving,shooting etc is not smooth, feels like you are playing robot that have made in 1980 or something. Sadly at the moment i cant think anything that is good in this game."
76561198009166493,Recommended,298900,28416108,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,general.45,Uh. this game cost 30 bucks and change and people are ragging on it like it cost 60 dollars
,Recommended,298900,28505389,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MurderJester,"So I've played it whole. Max Diff, all the relics.And yes, there are a lot of bugs.The AI needs improvement.And the multiplayer needs a lot of work.Still, the game is amazing.Its beautiful, its scary, its fun, its hard, its awesome.I've never felt like a space marine before, and this game made me feel it.And it feels overwhelmingly powerful.Something happens inside your brain when you shove thunder hammer into someone's face in the middle of a crowd......and all that's left is blood, flesh, you, your brothers AND THE MOTHER$@#*NG EMPEROR'S WRATH.What happens inside your brain is simple: you are a brother now, and the emperor leads you.Amazing. -2 for all the technical problems, 8/10.Soon the adeptus mechanicus will fix them, tho.-> Works better if you pray for the soul of your machine in the name of the emperor before playing."
,Not Recommended,298900,28416827,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Libra,"I have literally never taken the time to write a review on a steam game... But This game was so bad, that I just feel like I needed to do my civic duty, and warn people about it.This game looked like it was going to be so much fun, and my friend convinced me to buy it and play it with him, we were both INCREDIBLY dissapointed by every single aspect of the game, single player and multiplayer. From graphics to gameplay, this game was hands down one of the worst fps I've ever played (including free to plays and indie games)."
76561198083456252,Recommended,298900,28394614,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Wild Eyolf,"* Devs continue to update and provide new content.* I am under impression that current version works fine for majority of system set-ups.* For un-official version beta patches; there may be crashes as they add additional content to the game.Positives* The story is good, and the ending made sense. Is it the best story ever? Hell no. It's a simple kill aliens on the hulk, get out of the hulk. See additional notes for more info.* The voice acting is proper for space marines.* You feel powerful. However do not underestimate your enemy.* The environment / atmosphere. It is beautiful!* I give it 9 out of 10 for what it is, not comparing it to other games. It's not perfect.Negatives* Don't think it's worth $50, maybe $30.* Command wheel is odd, and works by selection and then releasing the space bar. Don't rush this command, as you may accidentally hit an undesired option.* Easy to avoid; If you're not careful having A.I. lock a door in single player can sometimes put them on the wrong side.* Easy to resolve; A.I. in single player could sometimes get stuck under / behind stairs. Go back and move order them, solved.* Friendly Fire mode in multiplayer is a hazard with the current AOE radius of certain melee weapons. If you're 8 meters behind your tank who has a thunder hammer, you're going to die if he swings it once. They need to adjust the range to make it a forward facing cone or arc.Additional Notes* The strory continued; Don't overthink it, you're there to kill aliens, the visions can throw you off, but take them for what they simply mean; endless aliens to kill. Some people disliked the story and I think it's because they misunderstood. Let me know if you want an opinion on it. Glad to help interpret."
,Recommended,298900,28389114,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kaldren,it´s not perfect but i like it.Give the game some time.
,Recommended,298900,28365129,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Supreme Grand Master K. Draigo,"Carry the Emperors light as your torch and let the purgeation begin!!HOWEVER, there are still optimizations issues (FPS low and dropping hard in fights) and NETWORK ISSUES, I couldn't complete any mission,yet due to being disconnected anytime half finished... If those both heretical bugs get purged and exterminated, the game will be great, however it is already good, therefor I upvoted this approved masterpiece of the Emperor, but however for the Emperors sake pruge all problems!Edit: Guys, with Update 4 this game is purfect! (Okay, almost, there are still bugs within, like sometimes your weapon and meele input is blocked until you opnened and closed your inventory, but so far, with Update 4, this game finally truly rocks!)"
,Recommended,298900,32407327,Posted: 14 June,all,Hexd0m,good gem
76561198048785931,Not Recommended,298900,28396693,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,rannon03,"Best refund simulator of 2016.Buggy, and unplayable, this is the only time I have ever asked for a refund of anything. The trailers were amazing, really wish the game had lived up to the hype."
76561198272276314,Recommended,298900,30514290,Posted: 14 March,all,mikethecyclist,Great game and very atmospheric too :)
76561198071393090,Not Recommended,298900,29728012,Posted: 5 February,all,Onion Kung,"very interesting loading screen, but I expect some gameplay instead of just the loading screen keep spinning and spinning and spinning. wait... is this game all about the loading screen?"
76561198006534458,Recommended,298900,32754957,Posted: 24 June,all,Metal_Grunt,"Do you like killstreaks, arena shooters and first person mobas? If yes, then please stay away from this game, it was not made for you.This game is for those who appreciate a slower paced style of first person shooter and not the michael bay style instant kill shot, slowmo replay explosion killstreak gasm gratification that is currently in vogue.You are slow. You dont do backflips, you dont have spinning power fist atacks and you dont vault around like a muppet. You plod and pace, so tactical positioning and setting up enfilades in tight corridors is vital. Standing in the middle of a tunnel prevents your team from shooting the horde in front of you, which will lead to failure, so literally moving a few feet sideways can make a difference between succes and death. You must adapt to the pace the game sets, if you arent patient, then go back to Overwatch. This game rewards patience, its like blue chip shares, returns are slow but constant (now with more content updates).The gun sounds are fantastic, a bolter sounds how i imagined a bolter would sound like. Infact the sound design for the whole game is bloody fantastic. The giant catherdrals and art design in the game is spot on with the feel of 40k.BUT, you will get bugs. Some prevent yoou from shooting; the only fix is to die and then respawn. There are fps drops also, but if your like me and have played most games on a potato for most of your life then this wont bother you., if it does, go find a safe space."
,Not Recommended,298900,28480543,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nightman,"Clunky, Shallow, Predictable.Multiplayer kept crashing, teammates wouldnt have waypoints or get story, etc etc etc"
,Recommended,298900,28367350,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[CXIII] RuiN,I really enjoyed my first mission. It is made brilliantly and I really want to play this game with my friends. At the moment though. The game has some wacky game freezes/fps drops that make it difficult for me to play the game properly.I hope you fix this soon! I would love to be able to walk 50 meters without having the game freeze.But all in all the game is great. (Warhammer fan talking)
76561197971181355,Recommended,298900,29284734,Posted: 15 January,all,The Admiral Steveman,SPACE HULK SPACE HULK SPACE HULK SPACE HULK.
76561197968967167,Recommended,298900,28384100,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mischief,"After seeing that this game getting a mixed review I felt I had to write a recommendation... I'm sure most people can see most of the downvotes are due to optimization problems and though my rig is pretty standard (980ti and i6700) I've had no problems on ultra settings on my 2k monitor.  As for gameplay, you should play it on the hardest difficulty if you want it to feel anything like the boardgame, ie meeting genestealers in the open being suicide.Anyway as long as you have a decent setup this is a fantastic game! thumbs up!"
,Recommended,298900,28368336,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FrappeWarrior,YesBut!wait for a patch or two before buying
,Not Recommended,298900,28398467,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gaius Julius,"Needs patches, I will play again in a month if it's not dead. I won't refund because I honestly have nothing else to play."
,Not Recommended,298900,30585477,Posted: 18 March,all,Jamalen_Gestalt,"NO 4K support??? really?!?I can't even get the main menu to work properly on my 4k monitor/1080GTX as where the game ""senses"" the curser is nowhere near where the visible cursor is on screen..Didn't even get a chance to play the game which I was looking forward too... Submitted for a refund, let me know when you have patched this into a working state for 4k monitor users"
76561198205428296,Recommended,298900,29022385,Posted: 4 January,all,maddog204,"Love this game, full of 40K lore and the atmosphere is terrific. You get paranoid with every sound and the immense spaces, closed confines and smart AI of the enemy. This game is  a must for any 40K fan. Have not encountered any of the issues that people are griping about."
,Recommended,298900,29163300,Posted: 10 January,all,Stay_Frosty75,"If I could give this game a neutral, that would fit. This isn't a bad game, its great. But it needs more time to cook and optimise. I love space hulk. Love it to death praise the emperor, but I'm frustrated with the lack of explanation of some key elements and how they work, and the multiplayer deficiencies.  It will get there, and I'm patient enough to wait and enjoy it occasionally.  It really is a good game.  But if you want more meat to it, wait awhile for the updates to improve it."
76561198027944360,Recommended,298900,28365315,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dracon,"Great game, got warhammer 40 feeling."
,Recommended,298900,30528060,Posted: 15 March,all,Tanis,"Kind of Left4Dead, but with Space Marines.Is an extremely good representation from the board game and 40k universe"
,Recommended,298900,28366291,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,pH Zero Acidized,Its badass.. its scary.. and makes you feel like jesse venture with the mini gun on predator. 10/10 WAAAAARRRGGGHHHH
76561198074984082,Recommended,298900,29559880,Posted: 29 January,all,MagikNinjaFreak,"Excellent!!If anyone has played the original version of space hulk,they would always remember it as a 'Hard as nails, pant filler'..... this is exactly the same.it brings back so many nastalgia moments and also such an awe inspiring game. attention to detail is amazing.Any fan of Warhammer 40,000 will love this just for the sheer size and detail of this game, any newbie would love this because of the ease of play, and the many ""oh my F*****g God"" momentsA Must Have From Me"
76561197978675502,Recommended,298900,29410763,Posted: 21 January,all,melkuma1,"Love This Game. The art, weapons and the ships. My ONLY problem with this Warhammer game is the size of your team. A three man squad in nuts! you need a full fire team to deal with this amount of Tyranid  infestation. No PC problems here."
,Not Recommended,298900,28440976,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,♥♥♥♥♥fps even though I have a decent computer.
76561198026241660,Recommended,298900,28440760,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Abject,This game is a good game.There are way to much cry babies !
,Not Recommended,298900,28390402,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,NasiPuti,Graphics as meh as an old shooter. Gameplay as boring and meh as a new shooter. Plus all these:- Unskippable tutorial.- Unskippable cutscenes.- Esc doesn't bring up menu.- Space isn't jump (there is no jump).- Bots are awful and take damage endlessly.
76561197965333980,Not Recommended,298900,28611448,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Situation-X,"Refund requested, not as interesting as promised, not as much fun as promised, too much time spent developing eye candy rather than gameplay I'm afraid."
76561198065061569,Not Recommended,298900,29240156,Posted: 13 January,all,Samurai_Craze,Fell really short. FACE PLANT RIGHT IN THE GROUND.
76561198008452827,Not Recommended,298900,28561252,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,hawk firebird,"this game is so fare from being complet its unbeliveble that it got launched at all in its current state, never have i hade a game crash randomly so many time in just 2 hours of avrage game play time as this an on top if can fit your layout of wepoans before the mission starts but hafe the time when you in the mission have looked at the map your wepoan layout well have be resetthis just needs to get recalled an get its bugs sortede asap imo"
76561198313543753,Not Recommended,298900,28526486,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,kylex304,Awful. Broken. Buggy. Getting Refund.
76561197976882474,Not Recommended,298900,28526140,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sean,Poorly made garbage
76561197967937252,Recommended,298900,28465485,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,QsR*-entrails_770,Enjoyed what i have played so far . Ships feel very 40k and no issues with performance ect.
76561198031554859,Recommended,298900,28465460,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lustii,Needs some patching but the atmosphere is so amazing!
76561198041963990,Recommended,298900,28525344,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,cronic0_0,this is a grate game for $30 love it. better than a lot of the new $60 games coming out.
76561198038734672,Not Recommended,298900,28384197,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,brandon.cronin,"Performs very badly even though my system more than met the requirements.  Most of all, it is just not fun at all.  Requested a refund after 1 hour of boring gameplay."
,Not Recommended,298900,28396011,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DEWO,"The game is unplayable as far as 2nd mission (in terms of quantity of enemies at the screen). Graphical settings on par with GLQuake still produces massive <10fps drops.Game is utterly boring, i requested a refund for it, just becouse the only thing you do is aim down the corridor and click.The AI isn't helping and i would rather do it all by myself than have those 2 numbnuts on my side."
,Not Recommended,298900,28396041,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LeadGingerneer,"I can't recommend this game right now.  The gameplay is fun, but having the game randomly crash while going through the co-op campaign completely ruins it.  It happens frequently as well, which means you're not able to progress through a full mission."
76561198008382277,Not Recommended,298900,28399618,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Caput Lupinum,"It's pretty good, but not worth the price wait for a sale and then you won't be disappointed."
76561197971451084,Not Recommended,298900,28402013,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Paskal,"This is a game what i was waiting for and now someone has made it.But the game is not ready. Game is only full of fatal errors and bugs.Only a couple of maps. So there is not a lot of gameplay.Feel that the game is a single player with only addition to the side of the coop.There is nothing to do in the coop. The atmosphere of horror is taken out of a coop maps.However, I Hope that the game makers will make the game complete!"
,Recommended,298900,30351810,Posted: 5 March,all,Cornelius V. Osmond,"From all issues mentioned in negative reviews, here is what we experienced in march (official patch, not beta), playing coop (3 marine deployment):Gameplay wise:1. Crash in Mission 6, worked after re-connect2. Storyline videos in-mission explained only to librarian or host, not other members3. Skills partly reset every mission and have to be gained from scratch (no an issue IMHO, since there is not much unlockable content at the moment in multiplayer)4. Tyranid AI is not stupid - i forgot who said it, but at least in MP they strafe, duck, flank etc. May be the difficulty setting5. Look and feel is very accurate from what i expected for a terminator armor, minus the sprinting perhaps (sprinting in terminator armor, srsl?)5. Weapon balance needs some re-work, most weapons felt underpowered, including librarian skills (except the flame explosion)6. Art and sounds are epic and immersiveClass/weapon balance and conent for multiplayer seem to be the only major weak points for gameplay. Although i expect lower replayability, once we are through.Hardware-wise i play on recommended hardware with the exact AMD CPU, except for more RAM (at 1333 speeds) and a GTX 1080 and i am getting 59-62 fps on average@1440p, while noticing drops at two places to around 34 fps. All settings are on maximum, so a modern setup should be just fine."
76561197977146372,Not Recommended,298900,29044462,Posted: 5 January,all,Freespacer,TL;DR:Space Hulk: Deathwing = Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide in 40KBut not even as good as that.
76561198008692675,Recommended,298900,29106038,Posted: 7 January,all,Hammer Hands,"This is an awesome way to get your 40k fix.Gorgeous graphics, wonderful atmosphere, challenging enough to be fun without being too oppressive.I consider it worth the money as a 40k fan."
,Recommended,298900,28390088,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,El Presedente Beatus,"It's like left for dead!Except with terminatorsAnd jeanstealersAnd flamethrowersAnd swords and shieldsAnd with lots of bugsHowever, I've been a fan of the people who made this game for a while (They made the game called EYE divine cybermancery) and so far, I'm impressed with them. They went from mod maker to hired by people who made another great warhammer game (Battlefleet Gothic Armada) that I enjoy. The amount of bugs though make me put it in a ""wait for a bit"" category before anyone buys it. And I'm not saying that so there are less people trying to do multiplayer so I can do it with friends."
76561198028666028,Recommended,298900,30342686,Posted: 5 March,all,That Guy From ID,"I reccomend this game to that particular niche of people that dont mind a game with faults in its current state, as there is a beta to access. To access this beta you need to right click on the game and go to properties and select ""nextpatch"" under the beta tab. Those that were waiting for said beta probably decided to drop the game before the v2 Beta came out. Also those expecting a game with an easy to follow story, sorry. Some warhammer adaptations dont give you a little backstory before you start playing, and drop you into the action. In all honesty this game is more or less aimed at those who read into the lore heavily like myself.Pros:Space marine logicCan kill enemies by sprinting into themgreat atmosphereCons:Everyone in multiplayer uses passwords on their game so no one can join in.really annoying to navigate the Hulk since the map is 2D and there is no jump button in terminator armor (But it does make sense).Barachelon or whatever his name is wont shut up.also very killing floor esque vibesoverall this is a game you hate or you love."
,Not Recommended,298900,28597579,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,fulgrimXO,"this game leaves so much to be desired in so many ways, best way to sum it up is to say the entire game felt like a demo plain and simple another WH40K money grab :(3/10 would not recommend unless like me you're a hardcore 40k fanboy"
76561197977728433,Not Recommended,298900,28434212,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Darthmuppet,"God f**king damn it.  I want to like this game, and when it gets patched so the major bugs are good I will start playing it again.  I have always dreamed, since I was a young, to be clad in Terminator armor and smiting the foes of the Emporer.  Stuck on chapter 4 and keep getting a random message I have failed to shut down all four reactors.... Is this mission timed, cause I see no clock or did I hit a big bug.  Also I hate having my gear swapped out when I hack something."
,Recommended,298900,28996481,Posted: 3 January,all,Champion of Tzeentch,Love the game love wh40K love the detail =D if you are a warhammer fan you will love it LOVE IT NOW!
,Recommended,298900,29070735,Posted: 6 January,all,KlasG,I enjoy this alot!I wish I had more time to play it.
,Recommended,298900,28461429,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kobra Kommander,"Needs optimization. I can play arma3 on 4k, this has problems with 1080p, let alone 720.Hope some patches work.As a game, its a great space hulk genre game. I really have enjoyed it so far spite the resolution issues."
76561198051281797,Recommended,298900,28620888,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,3R45U5,"TL;DR: This game is a perfect example of how much potential the Warhammer 40k franchise has, yet it falls into some of the same pitfalls a lot of gaming titles have that do make use of the W40k ip.It is, however, one of the better specimen out there and has the potential to become a real winner, if the dev team is willing to incorporate additional content and fixes the performance issues.It shows that the developers really care about the Warhammer universe, but dont really know what a good game in this day and age looks like, at least in terms of gameplay.Graphics/level design:The graphics are epic if a bit underwhelming at first, because of the heavy use of grain filter and washed out colors. W40k is a dark and gritty universe and Space Hulk does emphasizes that quite heavily.The animations are really well done, and the multiple effects are spot on. You HAVE to see the flames, the heavy flamer spits! Its better than real life!The level design is flawless. They captured the architectural peculiarities of this Universe perfectly. Absolutely nailed it.You have the signature gigantic, church like structures mixed with the claustrophobic, tube like corridors that make it clear that you are in an actual space ship.I think the art and level design teams are the real MVPs here.Which brings me to the gameplay and technical side of the game and there the game loses a lot of good will.Performance:The game is quite hit and miss in terms of performance and I really hope they are working overtime to remedy the worst offenders here.It is not quite as bad as Batman: Arkham Knight, at least for me, but its not in a good state.Fatal crashes and heavy stuttering in more action packed situations are a common occurance.Multiplayer is a mess. The Beta fared much better.Constant disconnects due to crashing of the game for hosts and other issues plague multiplayer.Gameplay:I have to be blunt here: It is quite uninspired, yes, some would even argue, it is boring. You are walking through the ship, fighting waves after waves of Xenos, rinse and repeat, which wouldn't be all that bad, but there is so precious little backstory, progression, collectibles or side quests, it leaves you wanting. Every level plays out the exact same:Go from A to B kill hordes of monsters, go to the next checkpoint, kill hordes of monsters. Meanwhile you learn very little about your surroundings, the universe, your unit, etc.There are collectibles in the form of relics, but they appear to serve no purpose whatsoever, aside form letting you view them  in a seperate window. But you cannot equip them and they come with no fluff whatsoever.A big missed Opportunity here.You have a very basic RPG-Style talent tree with three branches and the most interactive and fun one is the Psyker one, which lets you learn new abilities. The other two are helpful but as boring as they can possibly get.There is no character customization. Neither in single player nor multiplayer.Speaking of Multiplayer: A game like this would be perfect for coop one might think. But actually, the multiplayer is the same levels and objectives as in single player, but even more toned down. you cannot even collect relics or have additional stuff to do, you just solve one objective after the other, rinse and repeat.Between each mission, your sparse skill tree gets competely reset, which results in a MOBA like tabula rasa experience. Character progression and attachment are non existent.Again a huge opportunity missed there.This game oozes charme and potential. It has it in spades. That makes it all the more disappointing that the gameplay is so emotionless and void af any highs.Devs, I really hope that you realize how good of a start this game is and that you take the suggestions of the community at heart!"
76561198043077552,Not Recommended,298900,28418385,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Captain Longsword,unplayable should not have been released yet
,Recommended,298900,28415049,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Brightlight,SPESSSSS MARRRINNNNEEEEEE
,Not Recommended,298900,28379828,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Renoco,This game is polished trash.
76561198142393517,Not Recommended,298900,28454724,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pavel8585,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yly64xJBwJwThats why i cannot recommend this Game
,Not Recommended,298900,33754914,Posted: 23 July,all,Silphen,"I'm trying very hard to like this game. However, there's a lot holding me back from recommending it. I will post my build, just so you guys can see it's not a hardware issue.CPU: Intel i7 6400 3.4GhzRAM: 16GB DDR3 Dual-ChannelGraphics: 1080Ti Founders EditionSSD: 250GB Samsung 850 EvoHDD: 4TB WD Black 7200RPM (Game is installed on this drive)First and foremost, biggest issue, is getting the game to LOAD. Loading screens take around 10mins or more most of the time. This really turned me off, very quickly. My rig is definitely above average, so I feel sorry for anyone not playing this directly off of an SSD.Next issue is the bugs. I went into a room, closed the door behind me, and locked it. Smart move in a survival style game right? However, trying to proceed there was only one other exit and it was locked (not by me). So I went to unlock the door I previously locked and....now it can't be unlocked either.Single-player AI are horrendous. I'd take Resident Evil 5's Shiva over the AI in this game (thats saying something if you've ever played RE5). They wait until they're getting attacked to start shooting, so expect to cover them more than they ever cover you.Multiplayer is dead. At peak hours, there MIGHT be one server with no password. Otherwise, be ready to try and recruit your friends if they've read these reviews.All-in-all, I WANT to like it. It's honestly my kind of game. But I think they rushed launch which plagued and hounded the devs ever since. They're working on it still, so maybe it'll be improved to a playable point and bring back people. If they ever manage to do that, I'll update the review. But for now, go buy Vermintide. Same concept, more custumization, more content, and more players. I prefer the 40K universe, but I'll settle for old-school Warhammer in this case."
,Not Recommended,298900,32439534,Posted: 15 June,all,SawItComing,"NO just no. I love 40k , I paint the miniatures and play the tabletops, but optimisation aside, the game is just boring."
,Not Recommended,298900,32450276,Posted: 15 June,all,Dread,"Horrible game. Bought this on sale and still refunded. The fps Drops are terrible, Poorly made game"
76561198016895273,Not Recommended,298900,28382640,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Silken,Prise be the emperor for giving us this broken game
76561198134422499,Recommended,298900,28413882,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,markdaley_50,"Totally loving it, beautiful maps, great animation, spot on."
76561198090641875,Not Recommended,298900,28403817,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BDian,bad game
76561198027025199,Recommended,298900,29119723,Posted: 8 January,all,Malus131,"Having played through the campaign over the course of a couple of days and having dipped my toe into multiplayer, I feel like I can recommend this game, but it is not by any stretch of the imagination everyone's cup of tea.The campaign took me roughly 8 hours to complete, and consists of 9 chapters where there is no single linear way to reach your objectives, so I did a bit of exploring but mainly stuck to the most direct routes. However, the feel of the game, and its aesthetics, are phenomenal. I would have absolutely no problem replaying the missions to rummage around every corridor and side room; not even to find the relics scattered about, just to see the space hulk in it's entirety.Now it is by no means 'the perfect game', many people reported bugs and dropping out of multiplayer still appears to be a big issue, but personally I have not encountered any bugs so I'm writing this from my fortunate standpoint.Basically, the long and the short of it is that if you like a decently fun shooter that puts you in the armoured trousers of a Terminator in the grim future of the 41st Millenium, I can recommend this. So go forth, and gloriously dismember those filthy, filthy xenos for the glory of the Emperor and Caliban!"
76561198076416743,Recommended,298900,28443047,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,(づ￣ ³￣)づ,Hail GTX 660Tiworking gudz
76561198044649520,Not Recommended,298900,29453538,Posted: 23 January,all,Kralizec Gaming,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3pbJv0X_Qk
,Recommended,298900,28804030,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Burst Fire,I got this game for $14 and at that price is totally worth it also the game has obvious problems with performance when lots of ♥♥♥♥♥ are on the screen and the Partner AI is kind of dumb? but at least they can navigate the map I have not touch the Multiplayer so I can't comment on thatCons-Performance issues-the AI could use a tune up for both enemies and friends-Nothing to do in-between objectives-The back tracking can get a little tediousPros-Great sound-Great atmosphere-Inmersive-tons of fun if you like horde style games
76561198150630730,Not Recommended,298900,28383596,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,donny_2169,"Game base is great, but content wise and multiplayer is a total let down, crashes galore, co op story mode is the only multiplayer content, was hoping for more multiplayer content like destiny and division, i was so hyped for this game for months, but just got a refund and uninstalled :( /cry"
76561197970631911,Not Recommended,298900,28386086,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kort,"I purchased this game with high hopes of some great multiplayer fun with some friends.I started the single player campaign and overall, it’s all good. Looks and sounds great. But unfortunately for me personally there was just one thing that pretty much put me off playing.I am one of those people whole prefers to play shooters and flight sims with ""Invert Y"". E.g. so when you pull back on the mouse you look up. The problem is though this invert Y mechanic continues into the in game quick menu system too. So, when I am trying to instruct my AI team mates to perform actions I find myself moving the mouse down and the cursor moves UP!Now other games do this bit right, so in game mouse look is inverted but other normal mouse interaction is ...well normal. This game does NOT do this. Which for me pretty much ended the game experience as I found myself fighting to control my AI team mates.One other thing that was noticed when I did start a multiplayer game with a couple of friends...One of my friends prefers to use a controller, and with it also in Invert Y mode. But this option is not available.This then put him off playing.So, it seems to me that the main thing that lets this title down is the ""Controls"". Now I appreciate I and my friend are part of a minority who have these control preferences, but I'm sure we are not unique.I hope that these things will be ""fixed"" in a further update, but until then I won't be playing."
76561198066412176,Not Recommended,298900,28389292,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,超高校級の死神,why is there a music volume option but no music.
76561198302866518,Not Recommended,298900,31769186,Posted: 15 May,all,DarnedCloth15,"Clunky and boring, Same thing over and over. Yea there may be a few different types of enemies but they are all the same when it comes down to it. Theres no tactics really. Just shoot at the things that move. The missions feel like they are just there to give the game some kind of structure. Gameplay is slow and aggravating."
76561198020837026,Not Recommended,298900,28382539,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Stimixs,"Played it for an hour, was a bit disappointed to be honest. Got  really hyped up because trailers and screenshots showed true potential but the gameplay ended up being really dull. AI spawning wasnt so great, they only all spawn together in waves, never consistently. Customization doesnt feel great and UI isnt really pleasant to eyes or navigation. Skill tree doesnt really feel like you progress in the areas you really want. infinite ammo and just spamming keys is all this is.also the FPS drops a lot and im requesting a refund sadly. reporded this and on launch, ended up not liking it at all. thats just my opinion."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382897,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Seduce Me!,Runs♥♥♥♥♥♥poor on my computer.
,Not Recommended,298900,28380261,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Clausaw,"Refunded.The game has high potential to be something great, but given the two delays of which the developers did not smash the bugs and optimization of the game. It sadly, is in a state or point for that matter where I simply cannot find the patience of waiting 7+ Minutes of working through a loading screen.I wish the developers luck with improving the game for future buyers, maybe I'll come back to this if things improve."
76561197990480781,Recommended,298900,28367408,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chropesík,"Fun in multiplayer, but owners of weak PCs beware, this game is not optimized well and even if you have card like Radeon Fury X or GeForce 980 Ti it will struggle to get past 30 FPS on ultra details and 1440p.Also game looks somewhat worse than DOOM 2016, but manages to work much worse. While i can play DOOM 2016 on Ultra in 1440p with 100FPS all the time, here i am happy for 30+Pros:- PURGE XENOS- BIG GUNS- SMALL GUNS- STUPID GUNS- SWORDS- POWERFIST- levels are nicely designed and feels very 40K universeCons:- not playable without antialiasing- sudden disconnects in multiplayer- badly optimizedIt really needs some extra polishing and performance optimizations."
76561198069961816,Not Recommended,298900,32423025,Posted: 14 June,all,gollywog hunter,"Yeah, this game is pretty boring and linear. Walk. Shoot. Walk. Shoot.Trash."
,Recommended,298900,28430285,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Teutonicpupper,that moment when you don't have a toaster and play this game on 60 fps <3
76561198006693201,Recommended,298900,28409106,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rolling Coal,"Good game overall, graphically impressive and immersive gameplay, no bugs or errors so far"
76561198010930557,Not Recommended,298900,28528806,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Old Shrimp Eyes,Hot garbage.
76561197995427616,Not Recommended,298900,34841740,Posted: 9 September,all,gaunt444,"This is a decent game but with some critical flaws any aspiring buyer should be aware of. The first is that the game has infinite ammo as in you never run out. Yes your gun has a limited clip but you will never run out of ammo and its not because there is a lot laying around but because as a space marine with a chaingun you can carry unlimited ammo. When your playing in a horde based game where its supposed to be limited supllies against a foe whose numbers no no end to them it defeats the whole purpose to then have unlimited ammo and psykic powers. The only thing that is limited is your health kits which you get 8 of and 4 resupplies of in each mission so you can heal yourself and your allies 32 times in one mission. Remind me developers how this is supposed to match with the vibe of limited supplies against an unending foe like in the original game?the second critical flaw is that all the turrets in the game are useless. You cant chose which one to hack the game decides for you and if at anytime during the hack process or while controling it an enemy hits you it kicks you out of the turret. Also your a space marine on a space marine ship reactivating space marine defences and yet the turrets attack you instead of the Tyranids... REALLY!? and one might think well the tyranids hacked them... lol tyranids hacking is funny but even if that was the case you should be able to hack it into an ally but no such luck if you turn it on and are not in direct control of it it will attack you.the final big flaw is the weapon loadouts as the main character you get access to a large assortment of both 1 handed and 2 handed weapons as you should but no healing ability which is fine because you have a medic. Said medic though can only have 3 loadouts: storm bolter and medkit device, twin thunder claws (now he cant heal anyone), or thunder hammer and shield (again cant heal anyone anymore. So the medic if you want him to be i dunnno.... THE MEDIC only has 1 loadout option storm pistol and medkit. Sure space marines have access to laser pistols, melta pistols, plasma pistols, chainswords, powerswords, and bolters but for some reason your medic cant use them when your main character can. one would say its for game balance but you already have infinite ammo so what game balance??? Your heavy weapons expert is much the same he has thunder claws, chaingun, and plasma cannon. No flamer even though the main character has it, again what the frick!?All that being said while some very very poor decisions where made about this game the actual game play element is well done and you do get a good horde rushing at you from all directions feel to it even if it is soured by infinite ammo. So if infinite ammo doesnt bother you and your okay with your team mates being the elite supersoldiers who dont know how to use a basic gun then its a decent game."
,Not Recommended,298900,28396869,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Knoxagon,I pre-ordered a refund. Simple as that.
,Not Recommended,298900,33710974,Posted: 21 July,all,Frosty,"I absolutely love the Warhammer 40k universe. However, this game is just too underwhelming to give a positive review. I only finished chapter 1 before requesting a refund. The level progress you attain through each chapter resets at the start of the next chapter. This means all abilities and guns you just unlocked by leveling up are gone. You now have to level up again in the new chapter to use them. There is no gear to pick up, aside from relics which don't seem to contribute to gameplay in any obvious way. Your experience during missions appears to be based on kills, so good luck if you're the apothecary (healer) of your group. My buddies and I just didn't feel like there was much depth or substance to the game to warrant continuing through chapter 2."
76561198000028539,Recommended,298900,28390116,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Buzz_NL,.
,Not Recommended,298900,28919290,Posted: 1 January,all,eeer e,NOT ORKY ENUF
76561198042598100,Recommended,298900,31099152,Posted: 12 April,all,Roibr,Awesome!
76561197970491642,Not Recommended,298900,28456668,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr B.,"3rd Edit - I retried the game just now as theres been updates.However, it's still titanically♥♥♥♥♥♥The few people on the forums claiming they get a game in EU no problem were lying. It's primetime, and there's a total of 4 games running, all with passwords. So no games, not a single one to join. That's dire, and a reflection of how bad the game is.To cap it all, the annoying things are still there. Only a couple of filters for MP (not that there's any point using them), still region locked, highly annoying double load times (ages to load map, then ages waiting for Belial to talk with no option to bypass).Please, please ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fanboys, I love 40k but this game is just that ♥♥♥♥ing awful.2nd Edit - After more playtime, I can confirm this game is awful. There is currently only 2 games available without passworded servers. That's shocking.Don't touch this, not even for £5, as the multiplayer is already effectively dead, and single player is just multi with 2 stupid AI bots.*********************************AVOID***********************************Edit - the recent patch which has just come out needs over 30GB of space to install. Very frustrating when you have limited space on say an SSD, you might have to delete some games just to install a patch.There are bugs, which may or may not be worked out in time. Other reviewers have gone into this.There are some things I noticed which make it worse. There's bad grammer and spelling ingame, which for a finished product is a bad indicator.Second, there's no VOIP. For a co-op game where your likely going to see lots of randoms, this is unforgivable.The command wheel is horrible to use.Aside from that, the badly done menus and various screens make trying to get into a multiplayer game far more troublesome than any modern game should be.The good is the levels and environments, they really are impressive.But overall given the problems with communication and very obvious issues, it's a no go for anything over £15."
,Not Recommended,298900,33748526,Posted: 23 July,all,Darklight,The AI just runs at you in a straight line.
76561198028283906,Not Recommended,298900,33070932,Posted: 30 June,all,mrtim_21,"Had to uninstall this game, keep causing my PC to reboot at Chapter 7."
76561197999415812,Not Recommended,298900,34861085,Posted: 10 September,all,Transeuropa,"OMG! This is boring! Trekking around the same boring corridors supposedly on an agglomeration of ships built of brick, stone and concrete. It's a money trap for anyone who plays or has played 40K and remembers it with nostalgia. In the grim darkness of the 41st millenium there is only blatant profiteering!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28450712,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Arklancer,Refund Simulator 2016.
76561197998353578,Recommended,298900,29981672,Posted: 17 February,all,S.T.F.F.,Space HUlk DeathWing BETA patch reviewhaveing recently tried the beta Verison of the new space Hulk Deathwing Patch I can defantly say the game has taken Huge leap Forward. All of the re desinged features and new wepons are fantastic Space Hulk Deathwing now has vgery deiferent much more fluid feel the games performance is now also vastly improved you could almost trick your self into belveing you were playing a diferent game although this not say Space Hulk Deathwing still dose not have some major level desgin and narrative problems which lack alot of polish but it is now at least VERY VERY VERY FUN TO PLAY
76561197970811324,Not Recommended,298900,28480765,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Soviet Bear Leader,"I do not think that I have been this disappointed with any game release (this is including No Man's Sky).A group at work are fans of the Warhammer 40K universe and we progressed to ""hype levels"" with this title. We held off on the BETA to ensure that nothing was spoiled. We would count down, even consider booking time off to get to play on release, but that would have been a grave, ill thought of mistake.This title is simply abysmal. The sort of disappointment that you would receive on Christmas morning opening nothing but socks and hair products.The gameplay is linear and poorly oriented. The weapons are familiar to any second rate FPS. The voice acting is terrible. The graphics look like they come from 2010. Textures are stretched and the lighting looks like something out of a school performance. Speaking of that, the performance is terrible. It runs like a 30 pound cat through 2 feet of snow.PROS:-Title has been refunded.CONS:-Gameplay is stale and not unique.-Textures are bland and poorly done.-Poor performance, overall.-Not ""Fun"". No sense of adventure or achievement.-The UI looks like it was made by a graphics design highschool student.-The absolute sense of disappointment.This game is by far not finished. This title should sell for no more than $14.99/endofrant"
,Recommended,298900,29525644,Posted: 27 January,all,SajBear,"Good foundation, the basics are there! Now lets get a nice content and performance update! Glory to the emperor!"
76561198085099880,Recommended,298900,29147149,Posted: 9 January,all,Alphariuss,"Only writing this because of the plethora of negative reviews, which i am sure are keeping many players from purchasing Deathwing.To start off i am a die-hard 40k fan. From Dawn of war/II and their sequels, spacemarine/hulk, i am a marine player on the table top, and my bookshelf is prodominately filled with 40/30k novels. With that being said this game is absolutley AMAZING, i could literally not ask for more as a 40k fan. Spot on.I do run a failry expensive rig though it's not brand new, i have no problem running the game on the highest settings. The frame drops i have expirienced are negligable even when rocking the flamer in single player. (loving the flamer)Asthetically the game blew my mind, the atmoshpere as well is well done, especially on the higher difficulties where flawless team work is the only path to victory or just survival.All in all i had only two complaints. The first was a buggy relic system, becuase i am a hoader who needs to collect everthing this cut down on my playtime as i heard some relics did not spawn, this turned me off, but a simple psygate use then autosave reload fixes the issue. The other was the green plasma cannon advertised in the trailers. Don't get me wrong, i have never seen nor read of a green plasma cannon anywhere in the 30/40k universe. The tailer had one though, and i want my green plasma cannon ; )"
76561197983602265,Recommended,298900,29171802,Posted: 10 January,all,Ruff_Cut,"Don't know what all the fuss is about! Sure the game came out a bit clunky but already the first update fixed most of the major problems. I really enjoy it, runs smoothly too. Give it an update or two then even a 40K hater will say this is pretty good. Horrible optimization? insane load times? Get outta here..."
,Recommended,298900,29063896,Posted: 6 January,all,Cylinder1024,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is a game, in my personal opinion, that falls into diamond in the rough (due to it's rocky start). The levels and models are gorgeous and the atmosphere is exactly what I always felt it would be like exploring the vessels of the Imperium and the hulks they would become from bouncing round in the Warp. The guns feel good but could be better with some slight tweaking, I usually run with Plasma and wish the Plasma Cannon's splash damage was a bit more prevalent. The Tyranid AI can be bit of a bummer, while terrifying in swarms they don't try to route around to get at you, all you need to do is seal a door and the Genestealers just stop and give up. It would be nice to have them try to bust through the door or, you know, go to the door 20 feet down that will ultimate lead to the corridor my friends and I are in. I'm about half way through the single player aspect and have been enjoying the story, I've heard complaints that you don't need to give orders to your AI battle brothers other than to heal but I have found myself positioning them in locations I feel will help us defend a location from the oncoming tide of Genestealers that will ultimately wash over your crew in a viscera of death and biological terror. The multiplayer is basically single player-lite, my crew never had any issues while playing other than a few syncronization issues with firing weapons and I would wish we could all see the objectives together so that we can formulate a strategy and routes to it, instead of us asking the host ""Where are we going?"" constantly which breaks the immersion a bit. The multiplayer classes and weapons are diverse enough so that you can fall into the roll that you tend to with your friends, I know that there has been contempt about not having a flamer and while it would be cool to have to create a choke points I'm not going to ding the game for it.All and all I have been having a fantastic time with Deathwing and as a fan of the 40k-verse it's a great addition. So let's break it down to the pros and cons, that I feel make up this little guy from Streum:ProsAtmosphere is fantasticModels and characters look gorgeousPurging the xenos filth in swarms is a tense battle every timeLevel design is spot onConsAI doesn't have great pathing, seal a door and they give upWeapons need some tweakingRocky start on release (While they've fixed the performance issues I had there are still some folks that having problems, thus the con)Let all players see the objectives in multiplayer!If the studios release more content and tweak some of the cons I think this game will go from Diamond in the Rough to full on amazing experience."
76561198018790492,Not Recommended,298900,28437769,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ABC Coloring Town Resident,Wait until it runs for longer than 10 minutes on any system before spending your money.
76561198076414727,Recommended,298900,28413952,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mirakil,"Haven't played it that much yet, but the few hours I got in it so far were well worth it! The game looks visually amazing, and really reflects the grimdark atmosphere of the 41st Millenium, from the interior architecture to the shriveled up, millenia-old corpses.I see a lot of people complaining about poor optimization and performance issues, but I have suffered from none of those issues, game runs smoothly and there aren't many bugs to be seen.Combat is quite satisfying, especially since you have such a wide variety in available weapons, there's got to be something in there just for you.The Genestealers will try to flank and ambush you and your squad, crawling out of pipes and running over catwalks while others charge at you directly in large swarms, only to be gunned down by your sexy assault cannon.If you're a fan of 40K, or just glorious amounts of violence, then this is certainly a game for you!"
76561198103367449,Not Recommended,298900,28449810,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,seant81890,"Absolute trash.  this game shames the emperor's light.Don't release unfinished garbage.This is the first time I've ever requested a refund from steam.I had so much hope for this game and preordered it from the get go.The beta was rubbish yet I still had hope for it.Utterly fails in all aspects. The ui is terribleAbsolutely terrible set up for online play.the sound is utterly atrocious.Do not waste your money on this. Perhaps after it utterly fails and costs 5 dollars, even that seems overpriced."
76561198006125695,Recommended,298900,28386633,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PointBlank,"This is a good Game it runs  and plays well on my rig. (high end pc)Looks good, got presence and  good atmosphere and nice voice acting.Me likes a lot.well worth the price tag.Why so hostile reviews..... Weird."
76561198046941733,Not Recommended,298900,33365657,Posted: 8 July,all,D4RK FENRIR,"This game as an action RPG, with multiple races and more lore than you can shake a stick at? omg yes, make that happen!!.. this game as it is? sorry, not for me im afraid, its a bit to linear. I could only manage a few hours."
,Not Recommended,298900,30681255,Posted: 23 March,all,Willsoon,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥no player base over hype and a no from me+waited to long to ask for refund so rip $
,Recommended,298900,28366670,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Daigoji Gai,"Not having any issues on a 1080.Have all gfx maxed out.Only gripe is the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controller support and occasional dc's in multiplayer...But other than that, having a blast. Good fun & making me really want E.Y.E. 2: Electric Cybmerancy Boogaloo from these guys.FOR THE EMPEROR!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28365453,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bluexeno,I was excited for this game. haha
,Not Recommended,298900,29250079,Posted: 14 January,all,residenthamster,This game is a disgrace to the entire Warhammer 40k lore.
76561198086111735,Not Recommended,298900,28733275,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Red_Sky-,"I don't understand the clicking and moving craze on PCS.  I play video games with a controller... SImple as that... I downloaded the game and the controller didn't work well at all.  Currently requesting a refund.  People actually enjoy clicking all over the place and getting carpel tunnel?  Also, the graphics suck♥♥♥♥♥  Definitely not even worth 33 bucks."
76561198005884793,Recommended,298900,28392222,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,scbookworm,"its a fun game but right now the multiplayer is VERY buggy.  sometimes you can't even connect to matches, other times you get disconnected in the middle of a game.  I do love how true to the board game it feels and how closely they stuck by the source material, the environments and audio are beautiful and the tyranid genestealers are relentless.edit:  came back after a few months and the multiplayer on this has dried up.  no games.  single player is fantastic still.  new multiplayer class is pretty fun (i tested it out alone in a multiplayer game just to see).  still wish i could change classes in single player, would love to play the chaplain or assault instead of the librarian."
,Recommended,298900,28398932,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,♥ Q T ♥,FATAL ERROR
76561197972231345,Recommended,298900,32765433,Posted: 25 June,all,4 Kronor,"i really liked this gamejust wish the were more from of costimasation in mulitplayer and survival modeother then that, the game is good."
76561198026237061,Not Recommended,298900,28645983,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rust in Peace,"Yet another W40K dissapointment... The game looked so good and grimdark as it should be, with MP potential.But turned out to be poorely made with clumsy controlls, outdated graphics and boring gameplay.This is 2010 game, not 2016/17..."
76561198005414568,Recommended,298900,28413069,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ancallagon,Great Atmosphere Great Maps Great W40kdom
,Not Recommended,298900,28394650,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tek,"I will probably play and have fun with this game for an hour or two, but let's get one thing straight:It's not okay to repackage Left 4 Dead gameplay and then call it a day.Make an innovative freaking product with your own ideas. This gameplay of constant enemy onslaughts (kill 40 aliens, progress for half a minute, stop to kill another wave of aliens, repeat) is overdone and boring. I do not feel like a Space Marine. It just feels like a lame video game. I'll play through Chapter 1 to take in all the scenery, and then I'll probably never touch the game again.Get a clue, devs. Stop regurgitating 5 year old ideas. Maybe hire some idea guys."
76561197961758801,Recommended,298900,28365857,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[WaB]MISE187,So to all ya Lamers. GAME is GREAT!!! UR PCs are dat ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to handle. So its your own Fault u cant enjoy this lovely masterpiece of a great game!! So let them be purged!!!!
,Recommended,298900,28996037,Posted: 3 January,all,Sir Noot,if this game were a person i'd let said person ♥♥♥♥ me in the♥♥♥♥♥ No homo tho.
76561198324664623,Recommended,298900,33711126,Posted: 21 July,all,Cowboy Tanaka,can be better
,Recommended,298900,28520439,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mackledog,Love this game!
,Not Recommended,298900,34850910,Posted: 9 September,all,Homura dindu nuffin,"Has the potential to be the first-person shooter 40k fans have been waiting for but runs very poorly (framerate frequently drops below 30 fps in small engagements, larger fights approach single digits) on hardware that meets the recommended specs, even with all settings as low as they'll go. Multiplayer has a very low population as a result, but games can sometimes be found."
76561198104180928,Not Recommended,298900,28427429,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lone Banana,"This game has beautiful visuals, and its atmosphere is really satisfying. Combat feels enjoyable. Every desing aspect makes you feel like you are wearing a god damn terminator armour and walking around smashing xenos around as a tank.However performance issues are totally unaccaptable with this game. Loading times are awfull, and so far i havent found a way to skip intros (pretty damn annoying if you replay a mission). Save option seems to be nonexistent. Neither you can delete your saves (or i havent found a way). Autosave seems to save whenever it feels like, sometimes ditching hours of gameplay. So far i am disappointed with this product.If tehcnical problems are fixed this is a very promising game. But as for now it is unplayable."
76561198123500532,Recommended,298900,29906624,Posted: 13 February,all,A sentient golden potato,"it is a good game. the devs kept alot of the promises for the game. only downside is that there is no manual save which sucks and it auto saves to often which makes finding the most recent save more difficult. but all in all, it is a good game"
76561198120597447,Recommended,298900,28366582,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,gothictier2002,Just played the 1st mission since the release without any problems. cant see what people are whining about
,Recommended,298900,31491387,Posted: 1 May,all,ಠ_ಠ Haru・チリカート,"This game just get it, dont think about it."
76561198008713342,Not Recommended,298900,28380834,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,F. tom,"1) This game is a clone of Vermintide, its as simple as that. You and your teammates are a 'squad' but act independently and hope you all don't die, fighting off very unthreatening hordes of enemies that are unsatisfying to kill. Even the animations of the enemies look the same.2) Difficult balance is horrid. On the highest difficulty you have to empty half a clip into a common enemies body to kill it, and you die in three hits, one hit to a heavy attack. Regular difficulty as the heavy class you can mow down enemy waves singlehandedly and take 15 hits before you die.3) Game optimization is just as♥♥♥♥♥♥as Vermintide, big surprise. With a 1060 and I-7: 6700k I get ridiculous frame drops, playing on lowest possible settings barely helps, just like Vermintide.Maybe buy in two months when its actually playable and balanced, except oh wait the game will be dead by then."
76561198044512292,Not Recommended,298900,28383450,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shadow,Multiplayer is pretty much broken and unplayable. The game can't maintain a stable 20fps at its lowest setting and resolution with an i5 and RX480! This had been one of the most disappointing purchases I have made.
,Not Recommended,298900,28632069,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Risrr7,Just buy Vermintide.
76561198020221957,Not Recommended,298900,30512510,Posted: 14 March,all,PC master race,"This is the bigest disepoinment for me in a long time. Making running around city size ships in space killing space cockroaches in a ♥♥♥♥i&^ minivan size armour, boring well diserves an aword... or♥♥♥♥♥cancer.After 20 min I was bored as Fu&*And dont get me started on the bugs and the braindead AI.."
76561198067808055,Not Recommended,298900,28401331,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Stumpziller,"Dont buy this game!It looks and feels like a CHEAP game youd expect to play ten years ago.Crappy soundCrappy mechanicsCrappy GraphicsThe Sword in the top-left corner gets ♥♥♥♥ing irriatating about 2 seconds in. I looked for a way to sheath it, but nope. It obstructs your feild of vision and is infuriating seeing it bob around there.I clicked on campaign and got some weird, boring tutorial - I thought I made a mistake so I tried again, nope same tutorial - So I went to the tutorial. Its all the same thing as the campaign! Maybe a bug or a glitch. But wow do I feel cheated. I cant even access the CAMPAIGN!This is not the Warhammer 40k game you thought it would be. Space marine was at least playable and cinimatic, this feels cheap. God-awful, Im so dissapointedPullout now - for the Emperor"
76561198027791333,Recommended,298900,29836270,Posted: 10 February,all,DeusVult,If your a 40k fan i'd definately reccomend. Only 40k game that feels true to the lore so far.
76561198029837461,Not Recommended,298900,28408206,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,stay away from this suck gamelong load timelagbugeverything you hate is in this game
,Not Recommended,298900,34874837,Posted: 10 September,all,BludStanes,"You'll fight more bugs and glitches than Genestealers.Oh ya, also, almost every gun sounds and feels like you're shooting nerf balls.Other Cons:Your huge melee weapons will swing and clip right through the enemy with no thud or weight. You might hear a little ""ting"" sound and some blood splashes up so you assume you hit them. The character and weapon selection is just.... bizarre. Most of the classes use the same weapons just have different special moves... which they don't explain anywhere when you pick the character. The game is optimized for Ess H I Tee. Runs like absolute rubbish, even on medium and my PC is quite beasty. The genesplicers are so HO HUM in here. They are basically just annoying, constantly screaming the same screams over and over.  Each next ""evolution"" looks so similar, and with the lighting and everything else you don't even see what you're shooting, just things exploding (which could be a Pro but it's not because even things exploding in here isn't cool.)Nobody plays online anymore. If you do find a game online, it'll be an entire team of Apothecaries, because, heals.PROs:It's Warhammer 40k and it really feels like you're an Adeptus Astartes in a Terminator suit. Head and gun bobbing, armor HUD on the side. Very immersive, until you shoot your nerf cannons (sorry that should be back up at cons)The same typical FOR TEH EMPEROR voice acting that, personally, I love.This is just a sloppy random list and it doesn't even matter because this game is so f'ing glitchy I can't believe it. Sometimes it refuses to let you type to your team, for absolutely no reason. Othertimes your pause screen gets stuck and overlayed on the screen. Massive clipping, enemieslimbs morphing right through walls and other enemies and just so on and so forth, ♥♥♥♥ I wanted to love this game, but I relaly really hate it."
76561197991465949,Recommended,298900,28365098,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gagarin,"Great game, superb graphics!"
76561198049966358,Recommended,298900,28967313,Posted: 2 January,all,VIIconnell,"F**K the haters, great game"
76561198348362199,Not Recommended,298900,28400192,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Peterspak,I WAS EXITIED FOR THIS GAME. BUT GAME DEVELOPERS JUST CARED ABOUT GRAPHICS. GAMES WORKSHOP THINK OF ALL THE OTHER PEPLOE THAT HAVE DIFFIDENT PC S. MY GAME IS JUST A FEST OF CRASHES AND LAGS. GOD KNOWS WHAT I HAD TO DO TO MY COMPUTER TO GET IT WORKING AND IT WAS NOT WORTH IT. I AM A WARHAMMER FAN BUT THIS JUST DISAPPOINTED  ME. I SPENT ABOUT 33$ ON THIS GAME. AND WHEN I PLAYED THE BETA IT WAS A LAG FEST ONE FRAME PER SECOND. I CRYED THAT I WASTED MY OWN MONEY ON SOMETHING THAT WAS GIANT PILE OF WASTE.   YOU DONT NEED BETTER GRAPHICS TO MAKE A GAME FUN. GAMES WORKSHOP SHOULD OF FOCUS ON THE FUN OF THE GAME.    THIS GAME NEARY KILLED ME IN REAL LIFE NO JOKE IT STILL HURTS ME         I HATE THIS GAME       ALL WANTED TO DO WAS PLAY WITH MY BEST FRIEND  A FRIEND THAT GOT ME INTO WARHAMMER I HATE THIS GAME FOR LIFE
76561198039516220,Not Recommended,298900,28449675,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,touchmeplease,"Refunded, not what I expected."
76561198000322514,Not Recommended,298900,28396859,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Archeon,Unfinished!!!
76561198137593340,Recommended,298900,30419368,Posted: 9 March,all,Chainfire,Great game if you're looking for Halo or the like move on this game is too good for you to appreciate.
,Recommended,298900,30522741,Posted: 15 March,all,Waffen,"I would recommend Deathwing on the basis that it's a great concept, it just needs a lot of polish before it is where it deserves to be, and I hope the devs keep at it."
,Not Recommended,298900,28395467,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cute Anime Girl,"After looking forward to this game for what seems like ages, and having been a fan of E.Y.E. It turned out to be a half baked turd with hardly any replay value along with a tacked on and barely functional coop mode."
,Recommended,298900,28389196,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,VC,"the sounds its really noisy everywhere when horde. its really dizzy when im use 7.1 surround headphone.if you really fans warhammer series, this really really good for you.this like space marine + HD spec = space hulk deathwing."
76561198007435329,Not Recommended,298900,28527447,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SmashingMaGiC,"Do not recommend, actually recommend not to buy!!!"
76561198002824061,Not Recommended,298900,28399059,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Crazypants,Crashes to much. requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,298900,28399706,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Karl Hunt,"Buggy as all hell with basic issues that even novice game designers should know to avoid.Good luck surviving swarms of genestealers at 4FPS.This game had so much potential but just fell short of the mark, mostly because it bogs down so hard just entering a room that you can barely play; and that's on LOW graphics.That said, give this game a year or two for the dev team to figure out WHY it's so chappy and it's going to be great!Assuming it survives first contact with the community."
76561198308299150,Not Recommended,298900,28808171,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Big Mutherfocker,"Walk an hour to finally found a couple of monsters, than walk another hour ....Very boring. Can't believe Left4dead gendra can't be immitated properly under different themes.Also, games graphics are too heavy for the kind of gameplay it requires (swarms of monsters)"
76561198268011079,Recommended,298900,29336511,Posted: 18 January,all,Aries,"The game has it's problems, not gonna deny that. It's short, simple and has some bugs. That being said, I still enjoyed the whole game VERY much.It is perfect way to let some steam out, in this case in the form of big bullets from a big gun and vent them towards a horde of genestealers. Singleplayer campaign was enjoyable, if not too short as I said but hopefully there's gonna be some DLC coming in soon. Multiplayer is fun, perfect for a quick purging with buddy-terminators. Maybe the whole game needs still a bit tweaking but you should still definitely try this. Especially if you're 40K fan, and can keep your fanboy perfectionism at bay ;)Of course if the game doesn't work at all, then I agree with the negative reviews. That must be frustrating, I've had few crashes but that's it, works perfectly nice with no FPS drops after the hotfixes.My system:Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-1620 v3 @ 3.50 GHz16 GB RAMWindows 10NVIDIA Geforce GTX 980"
76561198039389300,Recommended,298900,28388502,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ZNUZKI,play this with headphones WOW! amazing game so far for first few hours!!
,Recommended,298900,28379908,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,AarkTheDragon,"TL;DR: Gameplay is average, optimizations leaves something to be desired, the graphics and detail have completely blown me away.I played during the beta and I played the first mission, so my review will be subject to change as I play through more of it.For all of it's flaws, if taken as what it is then Deathwing is a solid, albeit rather simple L4D-style game.There's some optimization issues and audio bugs, but overall it runs fairly well. The game is absolutely gorgeous, and the devs worked hard to really capute the look and feel of the Warhammer 40k aesthetic. More than once I found myself pausing for a bit to read the inscriptions on statues and reading the poems and hymns on the purity seals attatched to various machinery. The level of detail is absolutely incredible and is worth, in my opinion, to pick up this game simply for how amazingly rendered the 40k universe is in Deathwing.As for the actual gameplay, it's straightforward: gunplay combined with melee combat with either NPC's you control via a squad command system or online co-op partners, marching slowly through claustrophobic and derelict environments fighting swarms of enemies that will attempt to surround you without you noticing just as much as they will rush at you head-on while screaming. Complete objectives and gather collectibles as you progress to play through the story. It's been done before, and it's pretty hard to screw up. As such, while it feels clunky at times, the gameplay does what its supposed to do and matches the look and feel of the environments.It's not something everybody will enjoy, but for me I welcome it as a fairly average game that is better than a lot of 40k games."
76561198023669461,Not Recommended,298900,34839879,Posted: 9 September,all,Sierra Hotel Alpha November Echo,"At heart, this torrid excuse of a game is essentially a walking simulator with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game mechanics combined with severly dissapointing in game combat. Ultimately, i would like to say: thank you steam for providing us refunds."
76561198028099729,Recommended,298900,34606186,Posted: 30 August,all,marete,"Really great, waiting for expansions"
76561197993266016,Recommended,298900,29337640,Posted: 18 January,all,DeadMeat,Exellent game captures the atmosphere just right.
76561198092146018,Recommended,298900,31018043,Posted: 8 April,all,Nemegon,The game was overall well put together and I do enjoy the feeling of acute detail that went into the game as well as the overall feel of both the characters and enviroment of the game as a whole.The main downside to ths game is i feel its a bit short for some parts on the way of content right now but that it also has major potential to progress via DLC for the game such as taking on other missions from other space hulks or even a survival mode of some kind on a space hulk map.Good game overall and I would happily recommend for people who love the 40k niche
76561197997041531,Not Recommended,298900,28540023,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ms_seeker,"┌∩┐(ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐thats me, ""enjoying"" this game..."
76561198014018938,Not Recommended,298900,28365118,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Master Savage,good game but its unplayable atm because of massive fps drops and im running a 980 need to be a quick patch for this!
,Not Recommended,298900,28379683,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,AdmGR,DAMN! FPS  going down like a stormraven hit by a turbolaser!Not a good start at all !
,Not Recommended,298900,28368999,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cynabal,"Massively dissapointed, Terrible Optimization low 30's FPS when it gets heated on a 980Ti lol?? this game looks less than half as good as Titanfall 2 and has about a quarter of the FPS lol! where is all the FPS going? it's certainly not on the quality of the visuals. Audio is pretty lackluster, weapons sound wimpy and there is barely any ambient atmospheric noise, the animation is very wooden, voice acting is not so great. another wasted 40k opportunity. this is a bargain bin title unfortunately.Performance 2/5Visuals 3/5Audio 3/5Voice acting 3/5Value for money 2/5"
76561198037955806,Recommended,298900,29622246,Posted: 31 January,all,Gol D. Roger,"Don't be put off by the mixed reviews, If you like 40k then this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥and most of the negative reviews are focused on performance issues that I didn't have so 10/10 would purge again."
,Not Recommended,298900,28383397,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Skitzofranik,"-This game was pushed back to fix major bugs. My friends couldn't shoot or attack in the first game we launch, a problem we encountered and reported in the beta.-The coop has no real progression or advancement system, and lost majority of any story that was in single player.-The heavy flamer was one of the most advertised weapons andit didn't even make it into game.didn't seem to be available in coop.-No real reason to play on harder difficulties, the game was poorly thought out in terms of playing with friends or other players."
76561198113753042,Not Recommended,298900,28379678,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,"This game is horrible every multiplayer game is password join, I click the “no password option” and less than 4 games are available to joinThis game plays like a mod for L4D, there’s nothing new or fresh, it’s the same predictable play mechanics since 2008. Open a door, shoot the monsters in the room, activate a control panel, guard the panel till its finished, now repeat a 1000x timesAlso the key bindings are something out of a 2001 game you can even bind the mouse wheel for reload and weapon select! Game pad support is a joke!The melee is horrible just random swings; I came from playing warframe which uses complex combos to this turd!!!This game has 2001 play style with 2008 graphics and a 2016 price tag. GW loves ripping people off as they sink the franchise!"
,Recommended,298900,28365638,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Holo The Bad Wolf,Running this on a 290x and a 4770k on Maximum preset and have only had a handful of FPS stutters per match and those only dropped to the lowest of 52 FPS. Keybindings are kinda weird but take a few seconds to get used to or rebind. Make sure you play the game on the hardest difficulty.
,Recommended,298900,28367419,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Purp Maxos von Pleijades,"Bloody Awesome Game,I mean it have kinda trouble for sure its released today.People expecting perfect games from a small Developer studio, show some respect!I love it, BUT pls make some Leveling avaible connected with new weapons etc like in Killing floorThe Emperor Protects"
76561198008962558,Not Recommended,298900,28379665,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nightblind Sniper,"Okay this game needs a lot more work to function properly. Playing multiplayer which is supposed to be the draw of the game is a nightmare. Constant bugs, lag, and drops from the server. Hopefully will get fixed in some patches but currently unplayable outside of single player."
76561198017532965,Recommended,298900,29501628,Posted: 26 January,all,Snorri_76_,Best WH40K FPS ever!
,Not Recommended,298900,30350900,Posted: 5 March,all,LIKE A DAMN FIDDLE,Its all been said before
,Recommended,298900,28365239,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,yo,yo this game is tight yo
76561198044012363,Not Recommended,298900,34821637,Posted: 8 September,all,coldcail,Ending was weak at best game play is okay but gets old by the end.
,Not Recommended,298900,28389350,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BOT Jason,Multiplayer is in a bad state. Poor performance.
76561198128372236,Recommended,298900,29881751,Posted: 12 February,all,Zasiscor,Great Game! 10/10
76561198040164571,Not Recommended,298900,30378597,Posted: 7 March,all,Madglad,Poor at best
76561198156749877,Not Recommended,298900,28389905,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,a.labonte2222,":( , i was hoping so mutch. the single player game arent fun at all and i cant even emagine pvp whit this shoting system.well i dint try pve coop but i dont whant to wait to long for the refund. i aso encourage every 1 to ask REFUND. t a clearly rushed game,lot of desk freze and crash.in single player mode the 1st mission are just ok as soon you start the 2nd you are facing the shoting part of the game(clearly bad).bullet dosent reach the destination(hit wall and wire) making the thing boring and not interesting.i see the launch event on twitch...well 10 mins of it. i can tell the dev help yourself and never ever consider doing a  contest like that it was low quality and frustrating for most of us, do email contest where pep respond 10 question and get 1 chance to win per good answer instead every1 find it profit there.well the positive now, it the warhammer 40 k universe,very dark and graphic are good. ships interior are very great almost take screenshot like a space tourist"
76561198079193523,Recommended,298900,29410100,Posted: 21 January,all,fj.lastarria,"As a 40k fan, cannot be more happy with this product. Of course its not perfect, but its amazing fun to play. Recomment to all."
76561198155273846,Recommended,298900,30933866,Posted: 3 April,all,privilege bootytaker,lit
,Not Recommended,298900,28365238,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FieserMoep,Yet another bad WH40k game.
,Not Recommended,298900,28423573,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Angelus Mortis,"Running a GTX 1060 w/6gb, 4ghz quad proc w/16gb ram, game settings on med and the game is non-stop stutter just walking down empty corridors w/ no enemies or action on screen. Not even any effects like fires or sparks. Just an empty corridor.  Requested refund. Will not buy again even if issues resolved. No confidence."
76561198027445127,Not Recommended,298900,30673804,Posted: 22 March,all,Whiskey1 'Nath',Ain't worth the money. Theres just no beefyness to the game. Just purely a walking shooty simulator. Once you press the physgate ability you cant cancel it so you loose that option if its ya last one. Kinda killed 40k for me.
76561198191741565,Not Recommended,298900,32269948,Posted: 8 June,all,imoneoldfart,"Overall, this game is good as it is. The atmosphereis amazing, has the true feeling of a spacehulk in the grim darkness ok the 41st M, the terminators feel like the lumbeing death machines they are and the design looks amazing. With that though I would not recommend it due to what they will be adding in the future. They plan on adding in a progresion system and loot system, something I feel would completly ruin the experiance and take away from the game, having players more focused on leveling up and getting better gear than clearing the mission and having a fun time with their friends. With it players will not be focusing on the mission first and formost, mose so who has better gear and armour, how to get beter things, ect... Due to that simple fact I can not recommend this gfame to anyone, if they announced they plan on getting rid of it, I would say go for it but until than, pass it up for a better game."
76561198030853973,Recommended,298900,32394951,Posted: 13 June,all,Island Ed,"for me, the better alien colonial marienes."
,Not Recommended,298900,28389437,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Alhazzared - nekru -,Too many problems. Crashes. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,298900,30888912,Posted: 1 April,all,Brother Mandala,Complete waste of money
76561198065155425,Recommended,298900,28384558,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Chap Steel,Game is gud
76561198206104933,Not Recommended,298900,31319173,Posted: 23 April,all,animal211989,Game crashes every 5 min or so it could be a good game if these problems were fixed. By the way I am over spec so it isnt a hardware problem.
76561198042537686,Recommended,298900,32332502,Posted: 10 June,all,bloodraven44,good
,Recommended,298900,31571102,Posted: 5 May,all,Chandler R Wang,..
76561197999248235,Not Recommended,298900,30379411,Posted: 7 March,all,Jedi_Outcast,"Game had horrible performance, utterly unplayable."
76561198008973226,Not Recommended,298900,30541093,Posted: 16 March,all,Marine03,DId not like the game.
76561198002970075,Recommended,298900,32419677,Posted: 14 June,all,Joseph Goebbels,I would only recommend this for Communists.
76561198029640083,Not Recommended,298900,28434586,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gheist,"♥♥♥♥ING WICKED SCREEN SAVER, WORTH EVERY PENNY1. AN AUTOGUN IS STR 3 AP - WHY IS IT KILLING TERMINATORS IN A FEW HITS?2. A PLASMA CANNON IS A 1 SHOT BLAST THAT DROPS PHAT BEATZ3. WHERES THE CYCLONE MISSLE LAUNCHERS?4. APPLY TANK CONTROL MOVEMENT TO THIS GAME, FEELS LIKE POWER ARMOR NOW5. GENESTEALERS NEED TO BE FASTER, THEY ARE INITIAVE 6"
,Recommended,298900,29330107,Posted: 17 January,all,FragFrog57,"Not to sure why this game is getting horrid reviews, simply put its great for anyone who loves dynamic lighting and amazing environments. Killing is also a plus. Really a fantastic game the gets you into the minds of space marines. Pure joy! Thank you developers, keep up the great work."
76561198225056096,Recommended,298900,30534722,Posted: 15 March,all,CHAOZ,the bots they keep going suicide mode (but recommend)
,Recommended,298900,28365654,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shashou Sheldoncock,"Currentley poorly optimized, but can still be runned with patience."
76561198281163556,Not Recommended,298900,28364958,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,76561198281163556,Ill ♥♥♥♥ing better pray to Nurgle then play this♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,298900,28381450,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Magnum,"Framerate is terrible (around 27-48) any GPU/CPU combo and nearly any resolution... even after the following fps improvements:Borderless FullscreenLow Settingsthen go to ""GameUserSettings.ini"" file in:C:\Users\[USERNAME]\AppData\Local\SpaceHulkGame\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditorthen change ""FrameRateLimit="" from ""0.000000"" to ""999""and add this line to the bottom of the""[/script/spacehulkgame.shusersettings]"" paragraph:bSmoothFrameRate=FalseAFTER all that, framerate is still unacceptable on the top of the line hardware.Oh and also the gameplay is a little boring tbh... not terrible, but gets stale."
,Recommended,298900,30102012,Posted: 22 February,all,Arsenic,"Very good game, don't listen to the critics, they are playing on a 10+years old computer that cannot handle the game.It's wonderful to play with friends (The game is not cheap but it's whorth the money)Devs are fixing the issues right now and everything should be fully smooth in the next weeks.I recommend."
76561198000810015,Recommended,298900,29712826,Posted: 5 February,all,TheMeltingMan,"People are so god damn picky. Lets get a couple things straight:This is without a doubt the most beautiful, detailed WH40k games ever made. ever.Next, we're getting a glimps of one of the most prestigious and unknown space marine chapters.next, its the closest we've ever gotten to the Tyranid. There is so much to like about this game.|But modern players expaect everything to be perfect, and within the same frame as other things theyve played. its ridiculous.this game is absolutely awesome. considering the scope of a task theyve chosen to take on. a game from a board game from a game based on a board game.if youre looking for a really cool game because you love the genre of WH40K, outside of the ""traditional strategy"" genre it always seems to fall into, then move on and dont ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about your failed expectations.this♥♥♥♥♥♥is awesome."
,Not Recommended,298900,32404505,Posted: 13 June,all,PatrickMoonDog,"I really wanted to like this game.  I spent 10% of the hour I played doing the tutorial.  10% doing the tutorial again before the first mission and 80% walking around a confusing map and never attacking any enemies.  This is the slowest ""FPS"" I've ever played.I waited until this game was on sale to purchase it because of the poor rating but its still not worth it at 40% off.  Please make a decent Warhammer 40k shooter than we can enjoy."
,Recommended,298900,28493729,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Madnessjames21,"Lol the fanboys are butthurt becuse of the balencing that is just sad they cant see past this and see what a great shooter game this is.I say this becuse most the people reviewing bad are saying something along the lines of well in the ""Lore"" or the ""Boardgame""   ALSO depending on what Chapter ur from may change the ""Bells"" and Whisltes"" the armor gets or its real Defense rating.Its basicly just Left for Dead with a warhammer paint job and more advanced mechnics so ill go thu the good and the bad+Easy to get behind shooter, by that i mean u have a gun u aim u shoot the hitboxs can be poor on bigger enimes since u now Gene-stealers are humpbacks but meh+Armor mechanic well simple adds a layer to what happens when u suffer to much damage in a game like this+Locking Doors well it can be buggy some of the time i have no issue locking the door behind me so i can make a stand.- Mutiplayer is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥and the fanboys think there in a suit that makes them unstopple when it dos not work that way well true the armor in a open battlefield is called a Tank u have many units backing u and many ppl healing and keeping u well in a Hallway large is usly worse things with claws sharp enof to crave a man in half can wear down ""tanks"" just as easyly as ur small suit even more so when Flanked.-Playerbase is just odd most dont close doors or outright smash them open, many play the melee build witch is just stupid  well this will not hurt my score i feel some should now about this.-Glitchs well i have only ran into a few none were game breaking and very easy to fix or just play thuIf any ""Fanboy"" reads this far grats but ur stupid for putting a board game onto a video game and trying to draw lines about what is fair or the armor is not strong enof i am able to get thu most the game with very little dmg becuse i now how to shoot and how to lock a corner/hallway down its not a hard thing to do."
76561197970457330,Recommended,298900,29995710,Posted: 17 February,all,Dick Mission,Are you a filthy heretic? Only a filthy heretic doesn't like this game. Do you know what we do with filthy heretics? That's right. We burn them.
76561198035048202,Not Recommended,298900,33732313,Posted: 22 July,all,HunterXXI,"Love 40k but game gets tedious very fast the play style so slow it's painful swinging a sword great one kill crap 6 enemy already surounded me!!!! map good size though an objectives are every map corner which with there speed feels like half an  hour passing you my just walking there, like the co-op like the 1st person view setup in game , grafics are good  it just needs tweeking like more fluid movement an tad more  movment speed. enemy Ai pure stupid they at run closest thing thats shoots it or is in the same area. the realism it needs is having enemys in the area patroling or scouting unaware not random spawn an rush you no matters where you are."
,Recommended,298900,28365715,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mister Piddles,Over 60 frames with everything on max.No performance dropsNo dipsBut I actually know how to build a PC and what my system is.Would recommend if you have friends and or a decent pc.Ignore any reviews that are block paragraphs or have .00000005 Minutes in the game.And people saying it's running poorly on 1080s - Did you drop tht 1080 in a i3 computer? Or Like an AMD Phantom. Come on people.
76561197978839450,Recommended,298900,29891234,Posted: 12 February,all,jackelton,♥♥♥♥ all the haters this game is badass as♥♥♥♥♥♥  There is obviously some grand conspiracy to keep it down.  TRUST ME ON THIS ONE.  Developers I got your back.
,Recommended,298900,30351852,Posted: 5 March,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"love it so good game! has a very good atmosphere theme, it has its own character,graphics is so cool luv it! i have taken so many screenshots in my library.run smooth on 4k 6700k@4,6ghz, GTX1080 ! 60fps all the way"
76561197967713769,Not Recommended,298900,28384628,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The Boy King,"Release date was all over the place. Game crashes a lot. Graphics are nice, but so are women who are 9/10 with HIV. Thanks."
,Recommended,298900,29713789,Posted: 5 February,all,Robb Banks,"Listen here you goddamn space xenos scum.If you dont like this game then youre a heretic.If you complete this game on anything less than the hardest difficulty then youre a hereticIf you dont like this game then youre a hereticIf you cant run this game on your primitive excuse for a toaster then youre a hereticNow for the review:This game is like alien isolation, you know that game where you run away from the alien and try to survive, well this game is like this, except YOU WIPE THE GOD DAMN XENOS FROM EXISTANCE IN THE NAME OF THE GOD EMPEROR OF MANKIND-""The Emperor commands us. Dorn guides us. Honour shields us.Fear our name, for it is vengeance."""
76561198099149575,Not Recommended,298900,28368292,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Purphuros,i started playing it and honestly.. i couldnt get into it. its just so clunky and feels so badly done.
,Not Recommended,298900,31630993,Posted: 8 May,all,Deceived Moose,Glorious gobs of gore!... that's about the only up side. Fail on both scope and purpose.
76561197983086292,Not Recommended,298900,30583905,Posted: 17 March,all,A5tro,Crap
76561198008459865,Not Recommended,298900,30826638,Posted: 29 March,all,Rager_Beater,"game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ buggy as hell, and no news from ♥♥♥♥ing focus home.got refunded because it was false advertisement."
76561198009515742,Not Recommended,298900,30537440,Posted: 16 March,all,Rorschach,Complete and utter dissapointment
76561198324507743,Recommended,298900,28841405,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wizzywaxs,buy
76561198036952668,Not Recommended,298900,32420304,Posted: 14 June,all,Baker8,"Very Very repetative, killing zerg mobs over and over again got old fast! Wish the developers had more time to put more into the game..."
76561198003168453,Not Recommended,298900,34814041,Posted: 8 September,all,Jeromba,"7 people online, cool."
76561198045055578,Not Recommended,298900,28383800,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cpt_west,"This Game is Garbage, how Dare you people try and Feed us this unfinished Buggy pile of trash. You can't just Take our money and give us Crap in return. FIX THE ERRORS AND SMOOTH OUT YOUR PRODUCT"
,Not Recommended,298900,32430424,Posted: 15 June,all,Azrielus,"If you dig boredom and poorly optimised games, then this one's perfect."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382491,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,WavybabyGaming,DISASTEROUS! waiting on refund (gameplay looks like it would be amazing if the game itself wasnt BROKEN!) Refund me PLEASE!
,Not Recommended,298900,31501755,Posted: 2 May,all,Olteonz,"The performance is just not good enough. Horrible frame drops, poorly animated adversaries, lack of cruntchiness in melee, poor gun sounds just make the game not worth its price. 5$? Maybe, just to experience the campaign."
76561198025523627,Not Recommended,298900,32436727,Posted: 15 June,all,Watermelon™,"dead game and a waste of money as there are no people playing anymore, very buggy and takes forever to load"
,Not Recommended,298900,28379691,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hate,"Graphics are like 2008 graphics seriously space marine graphics are better with everything on maximum it looks nothing like the photos. All you do is run around a ship and shoot I feel like I'm playing an fps from 10 years ago. The RPG elements are extremely minimal which in my opinion is what makes Warhammer games so great. There is no loot so running around shooting things is pointless because the story is minimal. I seriously felt like I was playing a game from 10 years or so ago. I'm serious when I say you will be like ""wtf did I pay this is not a game its a skeleton of a game from 5-10 years ago."" The mechanics feel old and slow the creatures bug out, and they just run at you in the masses while all you do is hold down the left mouse button and when I say masses I don't mean like Warhammer dawn or war the first one I mean masses like in Warhammer dawn of war 2 but without any of the loot so like max 25 to 50 NPCs and they are boring they seem to have all the same animations and you just stand there absorbing their blows because they are super underpowered. I know space marines are tough but seriously op much. Even if you are super into the lore of 40k, i could not suggest this game. I am glad they tried because I love Warhammer games especially 40k but this was a letdown. GG NO RE WP refunded"
,Recommended,298900,32436340,Posted: 15 June,all,Maxeyum,"Runs worse than stephen hawking.Still 40K tho, by the emperor i shall protect."
76561197968006122,Not Recommended,298900,28383458,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Proxy.,its a swarm.
76561198166920360,Recommended,298900,30529943,Posted: 15 March,all,Tom. The Counselor,Still gltichty cant run. Just like vermitide lololololololol. buy this game because you are a masochist and like wasting your time
,Not Recommended,298900,33533375,Posted: 14 July,all,Heebejeebes,"Stand in a corridor, mow down Tyranids. Rinse repeat. No strategy, no cover mechanics. Warhammer 40k Space Hulk Deathwing: How long can you stand the boredom?#4TehEmprah#SpaceMarinesAretheOnlyFactionIn40k"
,Not Recommended,298900,28364821,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Saint Satan,40-50 FPS on *TWO* GTX 1080's(3440x1440 resolution)dat optimization tho
,Not Recommended,298900,32434184,Posted: 15 June,all,U̲l̲t̲i̲m̲a̲,not for me.
76561198005886463,Not Recommended,298900,34390614,Posted: 21 August,all,NoahBody,"This game is unplayable. I'm not sure what changed as I was able to play a little bit, but I get a Fatal Error on loading. Going to request a refund."
76561198162775133,Not Recommended,298900,34220203,Posted: 13 August,all,็,"Yeah i refunded it because of the crazy lagg i get when enemies come, i have 4 titan x and i still get that evil fps drop on this game, even when it runs smoothly before, it ♥♥♥♥s up at the enemies"
76561198134582565,Not Recommended,298900,34848561,Posted: 9 September,all,Worldddd,Multiplayer died.
,Not Recommended,298900,31969116,Posted: 26 May,all,Vinrael,ZERO POLISH
76561198050386293,Not Recommended,298900,34818692,Posted: 8 September,all,oddson,"when starting the game, the resolution messes up, which makes the main game options non interactable, i can't even alter resolution settings in game to trouble shoot, i tried the username/appdata/local/spacehulkgame/saved/config/windowsnoeditor/gameusersettings nonsence, although i should not have to, because i don't get f**kin paid for it, still did not work, very angry, ruined my friday night, as i have been looking forward to playing this game, DEVS, SORT YOUR LIVES OUT !!!"
,Not Recommended,298900,34842643,Posted: 9 September,all,Bosswave,35 FPS on nvidia 1070. Thats all ima say
,Not Recommended,298900,34506210,Posted: 26 August,all,Jarmen-Kell,"its a crappy game, with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ designed UI and player experience, horrid sound effects that lull you to sleep.DO NOT BUY."
76561198136588310,Not Recommended,298900,34036646,Posted: 5 August,all,[VI]Lancer Dudo Dubudoruma,MY RESOLUTION IS BROKE AND I CAN'T FIND ANYTHING IN MY FILES TO EDIT WITH BECAUSE I USE AN EXTRA DRIVE AND I CAN'T REACH ANY OF THE MENU BUTTONSTHIS IS ♥♥♥♥IN' RIDICULOUS
76561198009887887,Recommended,298900,28367452,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cypher,Very good game with no frame problems(GTX980) or bugs! would buy again!
76561197965918760,Not Recommended,298900,32448250,Posted: 15 June,all,Thraxx,"Sooooo many flaws! And I can't even begin to rate the friggin game!!! Because!! I can't even start this crap!The game locks in the loading screen! I hate this and this game and the developers deserve to get the lowest rating ever! You are the worst!Make it work you stupid %¤""#/#(&/%(#¤%!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,298900,32421427,Posted: 14 June,all,PythonTN,Garbage
,Not Recommended,298900,30515622,Posted: 14 March,all,Hotblack,Herecy of a game.
76561197999865618,Not Recommended,298900,28381919,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[VI] Matherion Stormtooth,"*sigh* Just wasn't impressed. I'm sure other people will be, and thats fine. For me, the screeching and clashing noises that just went on and on and on hurt my ears. And 33 minutes in and not a single 'stealer in sight. Just more dead ends and broken bulkhead doors.Just not for me."
,Not Recommended,298900,28365646,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RTN.Shrike,It's constantly crashing. It unplayable now.
,Not Recommended,298900,34118944,Posted: 8 August,all,vito0719,Would choose Homefront 2 over this...
76561198009286686,Not Recommended,298900,34500906,Posted: 26 August,all,ThreeLeggedCow,Absolute trash
76561198017538154,Not Recommended,298900,31454823,Posted: 29 April,all,[CAM]MATONCORONA,HORROBLE GAME UNPLAYABLE  NOT RECOMMENDED WASTE OF MONEY
76561198025148601,Not Recommended,298900,33695065,Posted: 21 July,all,2135D,"Cannot advise for controllers, sensitivity is too high to be playable. Great if you like keyboards, but bear in mind this was after a short playtime so I cannot comment on the game experience, merely the game control. A real shame"
76561198275256312,Not Recommended,298900,28383622,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,acquis09,Tou need a $20000000 computerThis game seems good but the problem is that it can not work on your computer. When i first started the game i had high hopes because i was hyped and i got the pre order but when i started a game my face droped. Disclaimer: My computer is pretty good saying it can run Planetside 2 without a problem but when i started the match the game was going at 20 FPS but when i began to fight it would come down to 5 FPS.Im shore it would be fun if you had pewdiepies computer but at the moment i feel disopointed.Game devs should always make their product usable and making it so you need a super duper computer to play is a bad move.
76561198054356396,Not Recommended,298900,34602016,Posted: 30 August,all,aendzo,"i regret buying this game, now i cant even refund."
76561198041510713,Not Recommended,298900,28369015,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,kopasz5123,this game sucks. avoid it.not worth 33 bucks
76561198027844985,Not Recommended,298900,28369004,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Orbit Pro,What a pile of poop!
,Not Recommended,298900,31513595,Posted: 2 May,all,mark_d_hughes,Really really wish I didn't buy this game -.-
,Not Recommended,298900,28380842,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Imophel,"It sucks, there. Saved you 33 dollars."
,Not Recommended,298900,33905525,Posted: 30 July,all,ᐔᑓᑵਠᔴᓤ⊒ᐑᑖ,"Game for idiots autistic, all rooms with password. Impossible multiplayer experience, sucks."
76561197970848559,Not Recommended,298900,28381910,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[NSA]Carnage,Absolute Garbage
76561198300268584,Recommended,298900,30215760,Posted: 27 February,all,Op09,"Great game... everything about it is well done and beautifull. gameplay, choices in loadouts etc... a true and authentic Space Hulk fps.Shame the netcode is so atrociously horrible that multiplayer where the game shines is almost completely unplayable due to lag spikes, randumb disconnects (that wipe your progression in non-codex play towards your class's next unlock) inabilty to reconnect quickly, or at all. ever.*EDIT*the above negative points have now been addressed by the latest update and prgrossed even further.Net code and connection issues are now very rare, i have not yt had a recurrence of the issues that plagued the game since launchmultiplayer is even better too due to increased loadouts. tactical marines can obliterate swarms with the heavy flamer and apothecary's final unlock is a brutal ''hellfire'' stormbolter. Great fun. I can now say, yes, this game is good, you should get it, and play it, it is now worth a buy."
,Recommended,298900,28473876,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Obi,"I have to revert my review on a second playthrough: I actually will now say that this game is solid. Maybe not 100% solid, but let's take a look at some of the other 40K games out there....What this game has is atmosphere and immersion. The single-player campaign is well done and dripping with feeling and setting. You get to really see the Space Hulks through the eyes of those who dare explore them.Multiplayer is pretty good too...If you're ever frustrated with the AI, the multiplayer is pretty much the same as the singleplayer, but Co-op.The enemies are good and if you like games like Left For Dead or if you like 40k set games, its worth it."
76561198012996790,Recommended,298900,30064084,Posted: 20 February,all,Random Asshole,"They have fixed many of the issues now, there is still some, such as clicking the map before you can use wasd to move it but it does not have massive framerate issues or crashes for me anymore.If you are interested in a 40k left4dead then you can probably find some joy in this game."
76561198005367930,Recommended,298900,29954310,Posted: 15 February,all,Shadowseer,"Fun game, best with friends, devs finaly came around with actual bug fixes."
76561197993828619,Recommended,298900,28380551,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cypher,"I'm changing my review on Deathwing based on recent patches.First off: This game had a bad release, it was released too early clearly for Xmas and the game paid the iron price for it.It's getting better. As of patch 4. I actually find it enjoyable.Graphics: This game is BEAUTIFUL, it renders the 40K atmosphere better than any game before itCampaign: Not perfect. Relics still do nothing, you still can't level up all of your skills, no new game +. I will continue to ♥♥♥♥♥ about that last one for ever and ever.It should be noted that the Developers have promised free content throughout the year as an enhanced edition, so we are expecting more as of this date.Multiplayer: I find it good fun, it's definitely a co-op game at heart, it can do with more people but it's a lot of fun grouping up and killing bugs. I am REALLY Glad they added the flamer into multi. My biggest irritation is that the achievements for multiplayer actually require your multiplayer group to agree not to go for achievements and just keep killing bugs to level. DO NOT WANT.It's a game that is getting better, the developers are actively supporting it and despite it's rough start it's getting there.I think this game deserves a second chance."
76561198051351289,Recommended,298900,28970798,Posted: 3 January,all,thelegend27 [squid],Since the newest update.-multiplayer is still brokenGame randomly freezes but ingame I'm just afk. You can choose different weapons and classes now which is a plus. maximum of half a server open at a time. FREEZES. FOR NO REASON.+single player has more weapons available to you but you're still stuck as a librarian.IT STILL TAKES TEN MINUTES TO LOAD THE MAIN MENUWHATISITLOADINGHOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥pretty fun. The devs actually changed and improved the game when the community said it was terrible instead of just taking our money and not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥a solid 6/10 good but pretty boring too
76561198073519701,Recommended,298900,30069776,Posted: 20 February,all,DontBeEconomicGirlyMen,I will change my review to a positive!. Great rebound. Keep the content coming.
,Recommended,298900,28394147,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Feralegator,"I've been looking for a co-op hack and slash fps for a while and I found it in this game. Plus, it's like Alien Swarm, but better!  The regular updates for the initial game bugs have helped in my belief this game will be all polished up and nice in the future."
76561198241078972,Recommended,298900,28366600,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RobbStark,"If you've the hardware to run this and you're a fan of Warhammer 40k, I cannot recommend enough. If you don't like the idea of slowly exterminating your way across a claustophobic, confusing maze as a walking tank - probably give it a miss.I am a massive fan of 40k myself so I'm having a whale of a time and it's clear that a serious amount of love was poured into this game by the developers - it is an enormous shame however, that it was released far too early. You only get one launch and Focus Interactive made a serious mess of it. Having said that, 4 updates in and the game is really beginning to shine - the gameplay is solid, the levels are sprawling and varied, the sound is atmospheric and the graphics (on the higher settings at least) look absolutely incredible - the heavy flamer is truly a thing of beauty to behold as you purge the xenos filth in the fires of the Emperor. It's not perfect though, far from it; the UI is clunky, there's a lack of player customisation (a real shame considering the source material), the frame rate can be quite inconsistent and I can't see there being much in the way of replay value (in single player at least).The developers have promised to keep updating the game though and stated their intention to keep adding new features as they go - something I'm actually quite looking forward to and kudos to them for not abandoning it."
,Not Recommended,298900,28390361,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Carbonel,I've played for 5 hours release version and 15 hours beta. I cannot recommend this game. The art is beautiful and the level design and atmosphere are great but there are still bugs that were in the beta that somehow made it to release after they delayed the game to ostensibly fix them. I've had two fatal errors while trying to play co-op with a friend last night and I even had the bug from the beta where I lost any ability to do anything but move in game (which is frustrating given that the enemies have no such issues). Oddly enough even the glitch from the beta where it rebound my pause key from escape to f10 also reared its head again. Not a huge issue but how can you mess up user input?I also experienced huge FPS drops (surprising given that I'm on 2x 980 tis and a 6700k at 1440P) and so did a friend of mine who I was playing with. This is an intermittent issue when hordes or fire or lots of reflections are on screen and it doesn't seem like everyone is experiencing this issue but I wanted to warn anyone reading this that it is a potential problem.I'm keeping this game because I really hope that the developers are going to try and make this game into what it should've been on release. When I say the art is beautiful I truly mean that. The models and armour are what I imagined when I was a kid reading the codexes for 40k.But considering how buggy this game is it doesn't matter how fun to play it is when it works.
,Not Recommended,298900,28390724,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Delpino,"So I bought it in the hopes of having Left4Dead with Terminators and Genestealers.  Instead I got a clunky game system with an outdated feeling control system where everything felt floaty and NPC that would not follow orders and multiple crashes to desktop.""Blessed is the mind to small to see all the flaws"""
76561198024454734,Not Recommended,298900,28397180,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Wraith,"Got a fair bit through the first level afew times in multiplayer but no matter who hosts, their game crashes."
,Recommended,298900,28397195,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jasonsan,"Some stuff still needs work, but it is really fun to play. I thought I was going to find the genestealer's with guns annoying, but the game is real fun. The gun's feel really good, the melee could do with some work but it's close to there. And yeah ok so there's no character progression in multiplayer but it keeps each game fair and challenging without having that 1 guy that is super strong. If it was a full priced £40 then I would be annoyed but it's a great buy for £25!Just check your specs before buying it, it is pretty GPU heavy."
,Recommended,298900,28397256,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fixer,"Usually people will give u poor ratings becoz they received errors and crashes especially networks error when joining any servers.And people give it great becoz the game is beautiful and fun.But i shall my fair share of view.Of course the games we bought must ensure consumer have 100% playable and least fair satisfaction.Lets started out by playing campaign.Tutorial is boring but u need to, coz u need know what stuff to against ur enemies and winning the game. Just like schools, before entering exams, u need dozens of boring lessons and trainings u need and at least u noe♥♥♥♥♥♥or 2 to pass the exams.And here comes my first mission in single player, start off as librarian, terminator with magic powers is like doctor strange and hulkbuster are parents, first few mins are pretty slow, no monster yet, like alien vs predator settings. And bam! Hundreds aliens come after u, i dunno but is more like escaping from them, coz more and more keep respawning, and thats the reason why u need to blocked the doors. The squad is obedient, tell them to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the toilet they do it,  i mean normal soldier command. There are turrets everywhere and u will be shred into pieces if u r sitting ducks. U need to stand hidden and hack it. When i go on further the hellish it became, and more beautiful the environment is. I was dead along with the ai when i supposed to destroy the locks.So i hop into the multiplayer, and yes, network sucks, keep giving me errors and there are certain fatal error when joining one guy successfully, (damn it dev, do something abt dis! :X) but okay i managed to joined one, there are various classes, ""Heavy Gunner"" u can use auto cannon and plasma when u lvl up, ""assualt terminator"" usually ppl love to go back to ancient like hammers and shields and ppl love wolverines that is the class for u, ""librarian"" the one shelves the book, kidding, the terminator with super powers, aka he is the platoon sergeant for the team,  ""apothecary"" a must have in ur team which is me when i was playing, a medic to heal others, usually special abilities to heal others then after lvling up u can heal urself, and after that u can heal everyone in the boundary. The last class i cant rmb.I start off with other guys who i dunno when became brothers, so there is no medic so i be one. So i do whats best heal my brothers when possible. With my storm bolter, at least i can defend myself and others abit. And there is one i not sure is a bug, i died instantly from full life, i was like wth. And they said ""I am a shame to the emperor."" Indeed i really disappoint the emperor -_-.Ok start over again, this one guy changed from heavy gunner to spartan, the melee guy ""assault terminator"" and we fight, we have dis ridiculous bugs that the guy ping is so low, when he is ready to go, only i heal him, his ping dropped drastically and to us he is facing the wall and stuck there, and eaten by aliens. I think my healing abilities has some side effects and allergies for some brothers, which mean may or may not move when healed. But of course ""Dev do something abt dis as well. Unless some terminator has drug allergies.""I got this issues, out of nowhere my gun unable to fire and certain controls cant work, i not sure it could be the network but dis shldnt be happening. Similar to division, where out of nowhere i cant shoot or control. Is like u have fits out of nowhere in the middle of battlefield, wow dats real life.The leveling system, is like dota, is temporary leveling where is only on that chapter and once restart new game or proceeding to new chapter, ur level reset to 1, which annoyed me, coz at least progress other chapters we still have the same level and trying out new guns which will be great. I got a Redemption gun i was like cool! i wanna try it out but when proceed to next chapter, it is gone, so frustrating! Unless the Librarian opens a portal to change ur gear.I enjoyed alot with my bros we did until chapter 4, then network error, argh.Ok, my system i use Intel i7 with a geforce gtx 770m, i could play like 25-40 fps i set everything low to medium still playable.Wat i can say wait for sales and get it, by the time they fix the whole damn thing.My rating is 5.5/10, could reach 7-8, if they fix the bugs. I will change my review if they improve.Cheers :)"
76561197977792013,Recommended,298900,28397301,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,griimble,This game features some of the most beautiful levels you will ever see. Excellent atmosphere!
76561197973900624,Not Recommended,298900,28397536,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Drevar,"Super buggy and pretty much unplayable. Graphical glitches and performance problems galore. Too bad because it looks like an awesome idea. Once they patch it up I may buy it again, but for now I requested a refund."
,Recommended,298900,28397628,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LibraryBook,"Space Hulk: Deathwing is a fun game although is it for everyone? No. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, It has some bugs right now that could turn some gamers away but with patches this game has the potential to be great. If you're a fan of the 40k universe this game nails the Space Hulk vibes. This game has a familiar feel to L4D1+2 (one of my favorite games to this day) but gameplay is a bit slower (cause heavy♥♥♥♥♥armor) Personally I enjoy the slower gameplay, moving from corridor to corridor, cheaking your corners, locking doors, working with your team mates, this made every level I played more and more intense and the A.I. can be surprising at times, keeping you on edge and always watching your back. But there are negatives to this game. In multiplayer its hard to find your objectives leaving you and your team wondering around aimlessly till you stumble on your objectives and sloppy respawns sometimes throwing you in the middle of a Tyranid swarm only to be killed again. Other times I've had my controls stop working or my character die after one hit. the weapons sound and feel powerful but I feel that there is a lack of weapon veriaty, also the diffrent classes play too similer.Over all I think you should give this game a chance.TOPshelf score 7/10"
,Recommended,298900,28397645,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Reginleif,"I've been enjoying the game so far but I haven't had any major issues so far. Certainly nothing like what some of the others keep complaining about. So, I mean, I can't take points away for what I myself am not experiencing.Only two things have bugged me and the first was easy to fix. I was having trouble with Q being the melee attack. I kept hitting ""1"" instead of ""Q"" but obviously I could remap that. And I did. So that's okay. The other issue which I can't fix is the command dial. I wish they made giving commands to teammates a little easier especially because you'll be in the thick of it and it's hard to mess around with a dial.Other than that, I am having a good time.It's Space Hulk meets Left 4 Dead with a dash of Rainbow 6 Siege."
,Not Recommended,298900,28397682,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,EMPEROR KARL FRANZ,"Runs like crap, wait for performance patch.Menu seems unintuitive."
76561198003228944,Recommended,298900,28397732,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,WagNak,"It reminds me of Left for Dead. Only darker (unless you're blinded by your heavy flamer), more claustraphopic (due to the sheer mass of dead Tyranid bodies), and less scary (as you know no fear)."
,Recommended,298900,28411365,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AKav47,"Give these guys more $$$ to make it AAA, plzzzzz ;)--Pros--Level Design--Cons--Sounds e.g. environment, music, fxNeeds AI teammates when playing multiplayer"
76561197978027296,Not Recommended,298900,28901507,Posted: 1 January,all,Steiner,"Hmm mixed feelings about this game. I have selected 'not recommended even though I have enjoyed the single player and limited multiplayer game for the most part (at time of writting 15 hours worth)....I will split up the single and multiplay aspects that I enjoyed and disliked.FYI - the screen shots on Steam are not a good indication of what the game is like and is NOT ingame footage. Alot of it has been photoshopped or taken from the launch trailer. THey also show a healer using an autocannon next to the heavy... - not something that can be done in the game.TLDR - if your a Warhammer 40k fan - you will enjoy it. Otherwise its a bug ridden unfinished game and in its current state I can only describe it as 'meh'.Single player is enjoyable - even with all the issues which I will go into more detail about below.Multiplayer is dull... Some really poor decisions from the developer leaves it an empty carcase of a game. Again - will go into more detail below.Single player ::) SP Pros:- the maps are amazing! Alot of love has gone into them.- The order wheel is pretty good and works most of the time (eg heal me). Although the AI is really stupid.- The graphics. If you have a system that can play this game on ultra (I do) then this is one very pretty game.- The sound / atmosphere. You actually feel like your in a massive suit of armor cutting your way through swarms of aliens.- the easter eggs throughout the maps. Fantastic for any Warhammer 40k fan.:( SP Cons:- Replayability. Once you have played a mission. There is no reason to replay it.- Content - Lack of guns... only interaction items are doors. These can be opened, closed or locked. Single doors can be destroyed. Double doors can not. Other than (broken) turrets there is nothing else to interact with.- Due to engine requirments they have limited how many GS can attack at once. This would be fine if they increased the frequency of the attacks or something like that... at the moment it feels a little empty.- the AI - its stupid. Really stupid. Getting attacked in the back and not turning around stupid. Or being told to lock a door and locking it.... from the wrong side.- Turrets - are broken and not finished. Hacking was added in I feel so if you run a melee terminator then you can still destroy them. They don't attack genestealers unless you take control which leaves you at the mercy of your stupid AI bots to defend you...- The guns - are few... and a couple are broken. There is no use to the autocannons. Your bots are limited to what they can use.- Maps. Sadly they repeat the maps at the end... Relics are all in the same place.- the ending. Feels rushed and unenjoyable. No summary - just takes you back to the menu after a short 'meh' cutscene.- only two bots... the screen shots show 4. The 'loadup space where you pick your weapons' shows two extra spaces where friendly AI bots would have been. I suspect they were cut from the game due to stupid AI....- Relics. There are hidden 'relics' around every map. On the repeat maps they are in the same places. They do little but keep achievement hunters entertained... I still collected them regardless but I would like to see more done with them. At the moment you can look at the relics you collect - thats all. No explanation as to why you collect them. No history / lore to read about them.:) MP Pro:... :(:( MP Con:- You can't use Steam chat / mics. The game locks the mic to it on launch but has no push to chat.... Devs has said find a third party service like TeamSpeak.... Fine for my partner and I as we can just talk to each other. Not good if you want to play with friends who are not in the same room.- no relics... they were cut from the MP game. This gives you no incentive to explore the maps as a group. Jus head to the objectives (which only the host can see). This cuts down on the replayability.- The LAN funcion is there - but doesn't seem to work.- Friends can't seem to join the game when invited. They have to find the server in the list... this is fine as...- very few servers. It's a ghost town already.- The guns - they stripped out a number of the single player guns stating balance (this includeds the flamethrower) resulting in only a couple of guns per class. L4D2 has more weapons.- You will get all the cut scene / story / objectives... your poor friends playing the game won't. They have to rely on you to tell them where to go.- it's all SP maps and story... but with alot of the cut scenes taken out. This means that the MP doesn't make much sense.And remember... your friend won't be seeing the few cut scenes that stuck in regardless.- No bot support. This means my partner and I are very restricted in the classes we can play... essentially one of us has to go medic. We would play other classes if others joint our games... but as mentioned - ghost town. We played for 3 hours and not a single person joined.General issues :- The game feels unfinished - ESP towards the last few missions. Lack of communication between yourself and your bot friends. The maps are repeated. Little to no cutscenes towards the end.- Very little comminication from the Devs in all aspects. On release day they still hadn't placed the game requirements on Steam.- What initially was quite a large player base has gone due to 'meh' and game breaking bugs."
76561198092546109,Not Recommended,298900,28814789,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jollyrodger22,If you were thinking of buying this game hold off on your purchase. It is broken and unfinished I crashed multiple times and in evey game of it I played there was a large amount of lag wait for these  issues to be fixed before purchising
,Recommended,298900,28908139,Posted: 1 January,all,short nigga,"The game is amazing, but it needs a lot of work to make the gameplay better, but the design of the rooms are amazing made."
,Not Recommended,298900,28908377,Posted: 1 January,all,Peter Long,"Frequently crashes, has tons of graphical glitches, lost frames ect. Not a lot of variety in terms of content and play. REFUND."
76561197971884386,Recommended,298900,28381628,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vormulac,"Do you like Space Hulk (the board game or the computer adaptations that were released recently) and coop shooters?  Then I'd have to recommend this game.  It might be an FPS but it retains much of the feel of Space Hulk.I've only run into a couple of crash bugs but the game runs well especially given how nice it looks.  A lot of love went into the environments and art and to top it off, makes a great game to play with your buddies.  Throw on Friendly Fire and let the confused squealing commence.Updated Feb 16There is a large patch coming which is in it's fourth beta which I've tested a bit. It improves load times and performance and the changes to coop are very welcome.  The heavy flamer makes me cackle every time I use it."
76561198006522379,Not Recommended,298900,28902634,Posted: 1 January,all,Fulgrim,"I love 40k, total 40k fan boy but i can not reccomend this game...iam running the game on ultra settings, with a GTX 980 and the graphics look like pooo. nothing like the screen shots show on the steam store. just poooo"
,Not Recommended,298900,28769851,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,littlegaz84,"Really looked forward to this game and wanted to like it, however in it's bugged and unpolished state it's more frustrating than funGood- Terminators... for the Teh Empraaaah- Beautifully detailed unique environments and visuals- AI squadmates reasonably competant- Simple, reliable squad command interfaceBad- Game is painfully slow to load even on decent spec i7 gaming rig- Frequent glitching ranging from relatively harmless but immersion break graphical anomalies to character being stuck in a slowmo after fights, borked save loading (e.g. restarts from end of last level rather than most recent autosave for current) and enemies failing to spawn for set pieces- Turret hacking feels shallow. Hacked turrets rarely have anything worthwhile to shoot at. The alternative options to disable or destroy might as well be cosmetic - ""auto-hack"" time and effect on the turret for all practical purposes is the same (neutralising it as a potential threat). One suggestion for improvement might be to replace the auto-hack with a skill based mini-game that unlocks tangible benefits e.g. ranging from turning it allied, scrambling friend or foe, reducing accuracy or self destructing to damage nearby enemies.- Locking doors seems to add very little tactical depth. Mostly it reduces nuisance attacks by the odd genestealer while exploring and occasionally seems to break the game e.g. during the end of level purge enemies fail to spawn in the gene vault if the all ante-chambers in the scriptorium outside are sealed. It would be nice if this become an actually useful mechanic in heavy combat e.g. to channel the flood of enemies to prevent from be overrun from all directions or to stall enemies while retreating in a hurry, stronger enemies might try to break them down, etc. Right now there is very little reason not to simply lock every single door (especially unlockable ones) behind you reflexively just to reduce sneak attacks rather than actual threats or not bother at all- Weapons all feel a bit ""samey"" and not especially satisfying to wield. Melee combat in particular feels like a clumsy click fest. There seems very little point parrying melee enemies versus simply hitting them in the face as they try to attack. Against range enemies you still seem to take too much damage over simply finding cover. Oddly much better on AI squad mates which seem to take less damage from ranged fire and would otherwise have trouble with face hugging enemies. Adding a skill element to melee might help to make it more interesting and rewarding e.g. well timed parries or shield strikes temporarily stunning enemies or knocking them back.- Squad AI can be a bit dumb whether it's getting stuck behind obstacles in more enclosed areas or simply standing there getting beaten up in melee while waiting for weapons with a long reload to fire at point blank instead.- Player character feels like they're wearing paper instead of Terminator armour. Obviously understand the need to balance gameplay and provide a challenge but it feels wrong getting pinged to death by cultists wielding crappy stubbers (obviously rocket launchers and genetically tailored monsters in melee should be a different story)"
76561198004531355,Not Recommended,298900,28770034,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ice king,"Being a warhammer fan i found this game not very enjoyable, like most people have said its basically left 4 dead replaced with warhammer. The lore & gameplay was not very immersive, twas probably one of the most basic fps shooters ive played."
76561198272953866,Recommended,298900,28949558,Posted: 2 January,all,taloncab,"For time poor 40k/Spacehulk fans who want the flavourful SpaceHulk experience, I think this does a great job in single player. Certainly atmospheric, with a great feeling of being surrounded and having to shoot your way out of trouble."
,Not Recommended,298900,28988503,Posted: 3 January,all,DizMatt,"reminds me of a 90's horder shooter game, I thought things had evolved since then.the gameplay is terribly linear in a constricted and poorly directed way, disappointed."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,298900,28963083,Posted: 2 January,all,FusionJay,"Just as the reviewers have said, clunky controls, slow pace, and crashes. It took me 10 to 15 min to finally get in a server that didn't disconnect me and then after playing it for awhile I got stuck with no way of getting out, I had to open my task manager to close the game. Not many servers either the max was 5 without passwords. The rigid movement and clunky controls made it impossible for me to enjoy this game, it's a shame the game looks like it had so much potential."
76561198031484775,Not Recommended,298900,28590677,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Raven,"This was a complete waste of money. I was excited at first thinking it was going to be me and my friends as terminators killing hundreds of baddies and collecting cool artifacts from the lore of 40K. I even believed the few dev posts telling us about all the cool stuff we could do. Then the game comes out and we find out it was all a lie. Graphics look amazing 10/10 but the game play and multiplayer is aweful. Multiplayer has no progression system it drops your friends after every level it doesn't allow you to use half the weapons and skills in the game and it's just all around bad. I will never pre-order again, I have been screwed over everytime."
76561197972917836,Not Recommended,298900,28591471,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,-=[dMw]=-Galatoni,"The environment and feel of the surroundings and the lore have been well captured. They're really close to how I imagined them to be. Dark, forboding and with just the right mix of gothic architecture and industrial technology. The weapons feel quite visceral and reloading and ammo consumption create just the right amount of tension as waves of enemies hit you.You feel like you're in terminator armour - heavy footsteps, ease of melee combat with opponents. You feel tough.Where the game falls down is depth, and its a shame. Here is a few examples:* The single player skill tree is basically a list of weapons (that you gain through missions) and some skills (which amount to buffs and unlocks)* There are subtle UI hints in game, the scanner rebooting and the fact that most enemies 'spawn' into view. I think these are actually 'under-the-hood' rules from the Spacehulk board game which have been ported, but not explained - real shame.* Gameplay amounts to the same thing, secure/destroy/find X, move team through clostrophibic corridors against waves of enemies. Don't get me wrong here, *this* is Spacehulk! What amiss is any kind of serious customisation of you PC or team, in single or multiplayer. The original, original game (I played on the Amiga!) had more than this.The enemy AI is OK. Its pretty much the swarm nature. Stuff throws itself at you in waves, which is fine for the genestealers and the melee based units, but not for ranged enemies. They tend to strafe in-and-out of cover and either you or your team mates just mow them down. On the subject of AI, the friendly unit AI isn't great. Anyone who played the board game is aware that you cannot pass through units on the board game, its part of the strategy. During playtesting someone must have complained about this. As a result, the AI doesn't really move out of your way, they've put in some kind of game mechanic which allows your to simple 'pass' through your units. This seems to me like a 'hack' for an awkward game mechanic which is actually strategy.The game UI itself isn't clear. Your own health condition is displayed differently than your teams, a bar versus location damage. This suggests that it would've been too complicated to implement the same system all around, and probably made coding the multiplayer elements that much harder. Commanding your squad is awkward, clumsy and indirect. I've lost count of the number of times I've attempted to lock and seal a door and ended up healing instead!The game is really close to what I would call an FPS version of the board game, but its not *quite* there. I feel it lacks some of these key features in order to really hit the mark, as a result, in its current form, I can't recommend it :( This makes me sad."
76561198007189905,Not Recommended,298900,28575046,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,chrisclinton2000,"so i bought this hoping it would be a fresh start for warhammer 40k and its universe...It runs ok. it looks nice. but... its very linear. follow a trail destroy something. theres no real character levelling. theres an incomplete area in the polish to the game.. ie relics they have no description of history or lore which is something most fans love.The game feels like its been rushed to make money and is not much different to space marine that came out a while back, the instruction and tutorial set up is very poor, and squad commands/toons are not upto a decent modern standard.Im hoping there is more to it as i play.The being unable to skip cut/intro scenes is very poor, almost ancient programming error here i think.Most games these days you can level your squad and primary character as well as kit them out, you can do that to a degree but very limited.All in all, it looks pretty but im very disappointed with this offering. certainly not worth its 30 quid pricetag in my opinion.I think ill wait for a decent MMO style WH40K game before i buy another.This one is a bit of a let down."
76561197978019060,Recommended,298900,28527477,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ironclad,"This is mostly a recomendation because I believe, provided they don't drop it, this game can only get better, and buying ""should"" help that along in this world of Early access unfinished games that we can buy for full price (for the record I am well aware this is not all ways the case, I have been stung before as I'm sure many others have, but with GW at the financal helm, hope springs eternal and all that).But I feel I need to address a miss-conception I have noticed among some fans of 40k that, according to there self professed investment in the rules and lore of 40k, should really know better about, so TLDR warning: -STOP ♥♥♥♥♥ING THAT YOUR TERMINATORS DIE TOO EASY TO THE GENESTEALERS AND SAY IT IS A BETRAYAL OF WHAT TERMINATORS ARE!Yes Terminators are monolithic near (note: near) invulnerable weapons platforms with a hyper agressive super soldier inside, who being a member of the first company is no blushing recruite either.  Which is why they are sent into hulks to fight genstealers in the first place, they are the only ones with even the remotest chance of succeeding let alone surviving.Do you even know what genstealers are capable of in combat? Fluff and table top rules both give genstealers claws able to tear through Terminator armour like it isn't even there, making your walking tank about as usefull as rapping your genetals in wet-wipes to fornicate with a chainsaw.  Terminators can drop like flies to ONE genstealer, and these buggers fight in SWARMS.But knowing this dosn't stop them being any less of a threat that needs to be dealt with before it gets worse (and it will) and anything less than a Terminator might as well just shoot themselves in the head before leaving the ship and save time, so it falls to the first company.  The fact that such missions do succeed and Marines even come back from them alive is an Emperor's mirical and a testement to how nails 1st company marines really are.If anything your survival rate in this game is way higher than it would be if the Lore WAS followed closer, and that can be put down to the fact your main dude is a Terminator Librarian, another level of badass, and the fact you can ""revive"" your guys if you port back, and in multiplayer so long as at least one of you stay alive long enough.  This I can accept in the interests of fun game play, because lets face it, WE are only human, and do not have the reactions of a Space Marine, or the battle expirience.All that being said, it dosn't excuse the game breaky bugs, but they will be fixed in time, as I said at the beginning, that side of the game can only improve with time and development.It also dosn't excuse the one thing I agree is NOT in keeping with what Terminators are...A bunch, even a swarm, of crapy Hybrids with Autoguns should not be a threat to a Terminator.  It would take a squad of guardsmen with Lasguns all day to even heat up a Terminator's knee joint and Autoguns are poor man Lasguns, and these ones are probably old and not all very well maintained.  Even if they're well maintained guns in the hands of trained precision shooters, they should at best be a neusence, a distraction, something to soke up bolter fire while the Pure-Strain lope in behind them.A lone hybrid with a rusty Autogun should not eventualy be able to wittle down Terminator armour and start hurting the marine inside, hell even the unarmoured marine can shrug off light Las and Auto fire long enough to kill the assailent with time to spare and recover from it just as quickly.The first reason Terminators would have to be worried about the hybrids is when they start using the heavier stuff, while the heavy stubbers should only be mildy concerning, the missile Launchers loaded with Krak missiles are a defenet threat, Krak are designed to break armour, the fact you can take a few rocket hits at all should be impressive, and further give credence to the idea the hybrids are using old and not nesesarily well maintained gear.I apresiate there are variations on the hybrid forms, some might be tougher than others or armed with better and better weapons, the automated guns tend to be heavier and all seem to work for the stealers, but are hackable (To Devs: and really, once hacked, should be convertable to fight for you in automated mode), some I understand even pop off psicic powers, but at the end of the day, while they shouldn't be ignored all in all, these are the enemies that make you feel like the titan you are, they are as flies to you, ants under your feet, a bloody coffee break compared to the horrors of the pure-strain that can turn you into an orderve on an adamantite plate in seconds flat.So, check your lore before basing a review on it is all I'm saying.  But I recomend to the devs, sort out your balancing.  Under the same concerns of Lore and Game play, the hybrids should not be as dangerouse as they are, the Pure-Strain and the mutated variations are the real threat, the reason the Terminators were sent."
,Recommended,298900,28383219,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alarah,"Good game, this release is a little rough and there are a few crash bugs, however despite this me and my friends are having fun"
76561197960689379,Recommended,298900,28379735,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mycow8me,"All game breaking bugs have been fixed. The game still does not run as well as it could FPS wise in some situations but the Devs have stated it is an ongoing process and they have shown they are working on it.Fun factor:Honestly its mostly a haphazard spray and pray but with some skill you can increase your odds of survival. The 4 person teamwork aspect adds a bit of strategy to the zerging so you aren't just mindlessly running around shooting. You will not survive in this game without some form of teamwork, the harder difficulties are unforgiving. If you have patience, enjoy team survival, and fps then you should have a fun time. It's similar to l4d in some ways.Social factor:You have no way of chatting in game other than text. This kinda debunks the strategy a bit for random pugging unless you are able to talk before a giant horde which is rare. Trying to type in the middle of a huge horde attack is pretty much suicide unless you are a really fast typer. If you play with some friends, its best to set up a voice server or something.Replayability:It's similar to left4dead in that every game will have its own difficulties and challenges. The other players you are with are your xfactors. Just never know what kind of team and experience you going to get.Customization/RPG:There aren't as many weapons and character choices as I'd like to see but thats just me. The fire librarian is missing from the game or unlockable, not sure whats going on with that. I have a suspicioun that their will be paid DLC content for new weapons/librarians/skills etc... seems to be the path of many devs these days...Single player is a very different experience. You will be babysitting AI in some instances while in others you will feel like a commander of a team. If you like taking the lead in situations and giving orders to a few computer teamates then the single player mode should be fun for you.Honestly its worth the $$$ in my book."
76561197988445850,Recommended,298900,28366348,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Akulio,"New entry. Recent hotfix eliminated most of my problems.I'll make this short. Game is fun and atmmospheric. Graphics are good, combat is fun and level design is superb. Can be a little repetetive, but it's pretty much how clearing huge♥♥♥♥♥space-mass is supposed to feel.Emperor's finest routine.Could do with some other chapter than Dark Angels though. Never liked those guys."
,Recommended,298900,28533658,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Urvoth,"Despite what others are saying, I quite like this game, and if you like Warhammer 40k, then you probably will too. I OCCASIONALLY get FPS drops, but besides that, I haven't experienced any bugs or hiccups in-game. Probably 90% of the time, the game runs smoothly, so I guess the people complaining about how bad it is must have garbage PCs.The missions are fun, the environment is great, the Tyranid AI is excellent, the sounds are immersive, the weapons are unique and fun to use, and above all, the gameplay is spectacular. Additionally, the damage system and limited medi kits and psy gates really ramp up the challenge, so I'd definitely recommend playing on one of the harder settings.I would like it if there were some more cut scenes to flesh out the story arc better, but that doesn't really affect the overall game experience. Also, collecting relics seems a bit pointless, but I guess it's just like collecting Riddler trophies, and it doesn't negatively affect the overall gameplay either, so not really a problem. I'd imagine playing with friends in the multiplayer would garner the best overall experience, though I've mostly done the single player campaign so far and it's still been a great playthrough. Especially for only $30, this is a great buy."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387669,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FoxyTec,I cant play it. Too slow. FPS are bad even on my 980ti. Not worth the price. Feels like a cookie cutter port. I was duped.
,Not Recommended,298900,28388756,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Rugluds,"First let me say I actually do like this game, but it just isn't quite there maybe someday.Pros:Combat can be intenseDoor mechanics are coolGet to be a terminator which is awesome you feel powerful.Cons:No real long term progression system or any customization.Game play feels shallow and not much to it.Multiplayer has no AI teammates to if you don't have other people to play or you just have a couple buddies you won't make a full squad so beating levels can be difficult even at normal difficulty.---I wanted this game to be good and I enjoyed it at first, but it didn't take long to get stale and so I refunded it as I didn't see the long term playability of this game. Perhaps they will add more to it, but I feel like they got a bit lazy on the game mechanics you can only get to lvl five and there is hardly any weapons to use. I understand the reset mechanic each chapter so there isn't any getting behind, but it also doesn't leave any room for persistant gameplay or give me any motivation to continue playing after beating the 9 maps available."
76561198021563890,Recommended,298900,28425871,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GovmentCheese,Very cool game.
76561197974043124,Not Recommended,298900,28426692,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ShadowHiest,"I do NOT normally write reviews, but this is just too heartbreaking.The gameplay is great, the world is excellent and the level of details gives me a nerd boner.But, but, but...The multiplayer is just too broken! So far my friends and I have not even been able to complete a single chapter in multipler. The freakin' game, as much as we REALLY want to play it, it completely unplayble.I will update this review the second that these issues are fixed as the rest of the game is fantastic.TLDR: Multiplayer is screwed, do NOT buy until the game is stable and fixed. You will just be frustrated and annoyed."
76561198280443615,Not Recommended,298900,28420459,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gunnerfox21,Beautiful graphics and very true to the original atmosphere wise but the lack of controller oprtions kills this for me right now. Will a controller option be available later?
76561198008932826,Not Recommended,298900,28417651,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,dark_jester80,"Good potential, great atmosphere. Currently may be unplayable for you due to frame rate drops. Definatly not a good single player experiance as your AI squadmates were apparently hit over the head a few thousand times. Multiplayer is really really fun. Give it a few weeks to get the kinks worked out."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393550,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tiplomacy,"This game is horribly broken. I refunded it after trying to load it unsuccessfully multiple times over a 40 minute period. My PC is a decent mid range rig. FX8350, R9 280X, 3GB Vram, 16 GB ram. Save yourself some money and or time and stay away from broken mess this until some reviews have been posted and some patches made."
76561197993694207,Recommended,298900,28368468,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Datek,Needs some optimization but it runs good on high settings for me.  Multiplayer could do with some improvements but it works and is fun in its current state.   Single player campaign is outstanding!
76561197984727855,Not Recommended,298900,28392664,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Biffy,"I preordered this game to play with a friend, but unfortunately neither of us have been able to even try and play for more than five minutes in game due to the crippling bugs that we have both experienced in trying to play, both in multiplayer and for myself in singleplayer. The game loads just fine, albeit it takes a considerably larger amount of time than any other game I have played in recent years, but the real problem for me lies in massive framerate drops that get so bad that the screen will literally freeze for seconds at a time. When this happens (and it happens nearly constantly when enemies start to be present), it is virtually impossible to fight back or play the game normally. In addition to this, I have been unable to play multiplayer games outside of hosting a session myself, due to being disconnected almost immediately from all but one game I have attempted to join through quickmatch or by attempting to join groups directly.Perhaps the developers will fix these things in time, but I don't find these kinds of crippling bugs that would leave the game completely unplayable in any way acceptable for a game launch and if I had a choice, I would not wait around to find out if they would eventually fix the issues.Unfortunately, I sat idle with the game running in the background for hours waiting for my friend to be available in order to play with him, thus I tried but Steam was unwilling to give me a refund because of the nearly four hours I have logged with the game running, though I did not even attempt (keyword, attempt) to play the game for half of that time. It's a bad habit of mine that finally had a clear cost."
,Not Recommended,298900,28392683,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dangly Deever,My legs are not okay.
,Not Recommended,298900,28393171,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Falk The Wolf,Good game......but.....it has to many bugs still. Can´t even get a working connection with any online game. Game crashes often.Better wait for low price or bug fixes.
76561198075376367,Not Recommended,298900,28393225,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Belphegor,"escape doesnt bring up menu it does nothing you are basically ♥♥♥♥ed once you launch only alt f4 left and thats just one isssue amongst dozens like no flamethrower in multi or no progression in multi, lvls spawning without walls, frame drops etc gg streum on you made a shiny game using ue4 filled with♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198335693037,Not Recommended,298900,28380584,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kilroy,"I would like to start off by saying I followed this game on and off and didn't come into it blind but I didn't have any real expectations. With that said, all the gameplay videos you can currently watch above do not accurately represent the game. My rig (GTX 1070 I74790k 16GB) I have a pretty decent rig and meet the standards to run this game. Unfortunately the optimization in this game, as of right now is pretty poor.-The overall graphic fidelity of this game reminds me of Ubisoft E3 press conferences, E.g. Rainbow six siege, Watch Dogs, and The Division. What the game looks like in these gameplay trailers is far better than what the actual game looks like.-The framerate stays solid for a while until the hordes come in and the fps drops to 30 and below. (there are a lot of hordes) The first hour of the game is pretty quite, which will be misleading to your frame rate.-Plus a bunch of technical problems such as crashing, loss of controls, freezing, the FPS being worse in multiplayer.With all that in mind I really wanted to like this game, and if I'm being completely honest I'm not mad at the developers because they set out to make the best game they could, which for me isn't good enough. Which leads me to my conclusion, keep in mind that the developers will probably fix many of these issues, at leat I hope so. I'm not going to stick around to find out. But if you are currently looking at buying this game, keep in mind that the state of the game as of right now has all the problems listed above. If you don't mind buying a game with some bad optimization and are willing to look passed its visual flaws and wait for the developers to fix these technical problems then this game isn't a bad game by any stretch of the imagination.My first idea of what this game would be came from the gameplay videos above. The videos are a bad representation of what the game honestly looks like and that was quite disappointing.Buy this game if- You are willing to look past a game with bad optimization and mediocore graphics on max settings.Do not buy this game if- Technical limitations, an okay sound design, mediocore graphics, get you upset.-On a side note my geforce experience doesnt recognize this game, I've had it where some older steam games arent recognized by geforce but considereing this game just came out its quite annoying. It might be an oversight on my part, I'm not completely sure."
,Not Recommended,298900,28393395,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mortem,"This is a mess.. It's such an awesome concept. But It's poorly executed.First off.. I bought this expecting awesome coop. But.. Everything's been cut in the multiplayer. There's no story, Theres no customisation, Theres a few classes with 4 levels but the levels are match locked so each retry your back to level 1. and you hardly get anything.. It's a false sense of progression but throws you a middlefinger as you have to redo it over and over, only to prolonge the gameplay. the singleplayer has all the guns, But most of them are locked away in the multiplayer, you can't even get them they are 100% not in the game when playing MP. The minions on medium are super easy but just one step higher they get insta kill mechanics.. ON ♥♥♥♥ING TERMINATORS.This game feels like a lie to me.. It showed so much awesome gameplay, But most is just gone.To sum it up If you bought it for the multiplayer coop.- There's no progression.- Theres no customisation on your looks at all.- Theres no story in the MP just quick briefs of go here, kill that, grab that.- Theres no replayability as enemies spawn is the only random♥♥♥♥♥♥ rest is predetermined.The only thing I can say that is bloody awesome, Is the atmosphere. It's brilliant. Builds up tension feels real and i say. killing a hoard of tyranis with friends is fun.. But this game is so barebone.. I see it getting repedetiv within just the few hours. Games like this, Killing floor like games. Need progression or a really good fleshed out multiplayer, Left 4 dead did somethings right. Killing floor had the progression with the classes and the community workshop to support it. This has neither.. And Unless they plan for future update, which they got no obligations to do cause this is not early access this is a full release.Its a 6/10 It has its moments but its just to barebone for me. I be refunding this.. Another Warhammer 40k game not living up to the legacy."
76561197988699581,Not Recommended,298900,28366424,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,UKMessy Super_Kyle,"It takes a long time to load and then crashes after doing the tutorial, I wouldn't buy it any time soon.You could do what i did and got a refund (fingers crossed)."
,Not Recommended,298900,28366464,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Loqbega,i love all warhammer 40k games but bugs and poor optimisation are killing the game
76561198018177364,Not Recommended,298900,28366507,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rescue Whale,"runs like♥♥♥♥♥i have to set it to medium for it to even be playable with 16 GB RAM, GTX 980 TI, I5 4690k, enemies glitch through the floor and the game may or may not change your equipped weapon when you open the map"
76561198019096283,Not Recommended,298900,28366822,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Buttmunching Penguin,"This game is mindless fun, but my god is it slow. The entire time it feels like you're moving through mud. COntrols are very basic, the interface looks 10 years old at best. It looks pretty and shooting feels nice. Thats all it's got for it."
,Recommended,298900,28367517,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,soupdragon670,"I've not experienced any issues that other the reviews complain of but then I didn't buy this game for the multi-player.The campaign is great fun so far, it feels atmosperic and there is a tangible sense of dread for what might be lurking round the next corner. Also the way your character moves really gives you the sense that you are clomping around in a suit of Terminator armour. For me this genuinely feels like Warhammer 40K.If you are a fan of the black library novels this is for you."
,Recommended,298900,28367518,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Windypeens,I havent had any issues so far with the game. I am really enjoying this title and believe that any minor issues with the game will be fixed with upcoming patches! Cannot wait to dive further into this game.
,Recommended,298900,28367523,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,A S C E N D W I T H N U G G E T,10/10 played for 3 hours non stop and only on chapter 2
76561197971818757,Recommended,298900,28367569,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Uk_viper,"Review is for single player only.A solid, atmospheric FPS. I've played just over 2Hrs of the single player now and I'm loving it. :-) Graphics are excellent, sound is excellent, immersion and atmosphere is exactly how I imagined it should be, and and it runs well maxxed out on my rig - no noticable stutter or lag, even when the proverbial hits the fan and there's lots of action on screen.  I guess I must be one of the lucky ones that haven't experienced any of the issues being reported in other reviews. Everything is running pretty much smooth as silk.I'm not really into the Warhammer stuff, and couldn't really give a damn how accurate or not the armour, stories, enemies are portrayed etc. However I do remember playing a few games of Spacehulk with my friends and thinking this would be fun as a computer game. Well, now it is.They've pretty much nailed how I felt it would be to be in one of the armour suits, waves of genestealers, lots of killing, lots of gore, lots of big weapons and combined it very well with an acute sense of dread about what's around the next corner.Only thing I have to compare it against would be the orginal Dead Space, along with elemts of DOOM of course - both of which I also loved, the games are not dissimilar, only this is a much more visceral FPS experience and you have the elements of teamwork and optional  multplayer added in. At the minute, I'd give it a solid 8 out of 10. I suspect a lot of the issues people have been experiencing will be ironed out over the next couple of days with a patch or two.I'm really enjoying it so far. Can't comment on the multiplayer side of things as I haven't tried it yet.My Rig for comparisoni7 @ 4.5Ghz32Gb RAM2 x GTX970 in SLiWin 10 64 BitHDDs - Gaming Drive is 2x320Gb SSDs in RAID"
,Not Recommended,298900,28367692,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Danny DeVito,"The gameplay is there, but the performance isn't. I'd hold off on picking this up until the co-op issues are fixed unless you only have a decent PC, in which case wiat for a general performance patch as well."
,Not Recommended,298900,28367703,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Chand,"I refunded the game almost immediatly.The FPS drops are insane, and the overall perfomance are bad. I have an R9 380 Nitro and I still couldn't get above 40 FPS in rooms with no enemies in it. In combat it just drops to 10-15.The audio is straight up awful, the voice acting is bad, the weapons sound nothing like they should in the 40k universe.The game also seems to be VERY short lived and I foresee many cash grabbing DLCs from the developers to add features that should be in the game in the first place.If you're going to make a L4D clone, add a PvP mode at release, don't just give us a short co-op game that is going to be liked only by those who have 3 friends to play it with.Us friendless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are going to have to deal with random teammates (which are usually terrible) or a bad AI which you command using a clunky UI.The melee is terrible too. Your character just swings his weapon and you don't feel the impact of it at all. The gunplay is just as bad, boring to say the least.I can see my self buying this game again just for it's campaing (the maps and the lore are done very well, at least) but only when  they fix the FPS issues and lower the price to 10-15 euros.It has absolutely no replay value to me, that's why I refunded it. It's not worth it's price."
,Not Recommended,298900,28367698,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ItsSammyP,Peice of S**T!
,Recommended,298900,28365257,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jynx2700,"Nice horde survival type game, I am completely new to the warhammer series and I honestly am enjoying this game so far. I will revamp this and improve upon my review once I have completed the campaign."
76561198000634041,Not Recommended,298900,28365661,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dragonsblade,"Was hoing that this was gonna be better than it was. Can only play Librarian in the singleplayer. I was hoping too play any class, like the multiplayer.Played 40 mins because every time I get too the same point game would freeze, and the framerate dropped to nothing.This is the first game were I have requested a refund, as its not what I expected, plus can`t play the only part of game I was interested in (Singleplayer).Not worth the price for me. Maybe I will get it later down the line, when its on sale."
,Not Recommended,298900,28390910,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dam,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYBy the time it gets to an acceptable, playable level, it'll be worth $15.+ Warhammer 40k universe+ Finely detailed armor meshes- Very poor performance optimizations despite...- ... acceptable graphics but nothing to call home about- Crash to desktop ruining the game for everyone if you're the host- NO REPLAYABILITY WHATSOEVER (static enemy encounters, no unlocks)- Very poor enemy IA (enemies basically just swarm you, is all)- Very poor class balance (the Tactical and Melee being all but essential)"
76561197997953229,Not Recommended,298900,28391295,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,UncleFungus,"Literally unplayable, you've got 2 weeks to fix this before I refund the product."
,Not Recommended,298900,28391351,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sharky Noob,so repetitive. bored already
,Recommended,298900,28391444,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FooDoDaddy,"I'll have to say, I'm enjoying it.   Lots of strategy to Chapter 1.   I failed the first time, but really thought about it and used some obvious tachtics for the 2nd play though .   I'm loving the single player game.  One of the best war hammer games I've played, makes you feel like  you are there.   I have a i7 Skylake, 32GB ram, and a standard 980.  Not seeing any real slowdowns."
76561198020128742,Not Recommended,298900,28391488,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Konrad,"Right of the bat - dear developers, have you ever, you know, PLAYED A CO-OP GAME? Your ""fix it"" & ""continue"" system is broken on so many levels, that I don't know where to begin. When someone screws up a level in co-op (because ""Easy"" means ""Hellfire"" in your language, right?) and press ""CONTINUE""... They just want to respawn or go back to the start, not GO THROUGH THE ENTIRE PROCESS OF HOSTING A GAME AGAIN.Also, love the whole ""congrats, you've leveled up!"" which means nothing at all in multiplayer, as you'll just lose any experience when you die.WTF?Until fixed, no way I recommend this overhyped unfinished crap.Thanks for spoiling presents for a few of my friends, btw."
76561198067315725,Not Recommended,298900,28412946,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Counteractive,"Im awestruck. The release of Rome 2 wasnt this bad. 4 years of development, 4 years of hype, and this?Ill start with what's good:- Atmosphere. Deathwing absolutely nails the dreary, dark, but epic universe of 40k. The Space Hulks are tremendously detailed and wonderfully sculpted. Every detail seems to have been accounted for and polished with obvious care.- Entities. The Terminators and Xenos are detailed extremely well. The movements are fluid but there is some clipping here and there.- Map design. Each map is unique and hosts a labyrentf of corridors that can be explored freely, even if the objective is in the opposite direction. Each room and hallway haas a different feel and special details.Whats Bad:- Optomization. First and foremost this game is virtually unplayable in it's current state. Community issues have included a number of gamebreaking bugs that render the game worthless. I have yet to complete a single level without experiencing a crash, as have many have reported in the community discussion hub. The devs themselves have crashed multiple times durring the live stream.- Customization. Aside from chosing one of a few different squad roles, there is no way to customize the look fo your character or weapons. The only customization available is what weapon you have and your special abilities.- Progression. The progression system happens in real time ingame and resets once the level ends. You will unlock new weapons and abilities as you get kills durring the match but will not retain them after the level ends. This becomes a tedious grind each round.- Replayability. As of right now, the campaign is a set list of missions with objectives that do not deviate.- Multiplayer. The multiplayer is literally just single player with other people in your squad instead of AI NPCs. The objectives do not change and there is no ranking. No Team Deathmatch, Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, Disarm the bomb, etc. You just replay the campaign. This leads to absolutely nothing but a grind that yields no reward.All in all this game had massive potential but falls flat on its face. I dare call this heresy. I have already submitted my petition for a refund."
,Recommended,298900,28410571,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Drockna,very fun and intense.
,Recommended,298900,28405315,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zudamour |00Riki|,"Space Hulk: Deathwing Gameplay ReviewCost:So I bought the game as pre order a couple days before launch. The initial cost was relatively cheap for a new title game which I and as most gamers, a big fan of cheaper games. Originally the game costs 39.99 but got a nice deal of 15% off the cost. Cheaper games are always better personally as I have never liked spending 59.99 on a game that may or may not be terrible.Lore of the game:For those of you who have never played, read, or even heard of the warhammer 40k series a little misc info here for you so you can understand the premise of the game.What is Warhammer 40k?Essentially it's a grim and dark setting in a science future fantasy world to be put simply.Who are the Space Marines?THE GOD EMPEROR WILLS IT, they are future crusaders essentially. They are organized by chapters and there is roughly around a 1000 chapters. Battle hardened and ruthless these marines produced by the imperium of man are incredible. They are the most feared and elite troops to walk.What is a Space Hulk?Well a Space Hulk is a conglomeration of lost and wrecked ships that fuse together into one massive ship. They generally just drift around through space in and out of warp and eventually combining into one titan of a ship.What is a Librarian?To put it simply, you are a psyker. Coupled with powerful terminator armor and amazing psychic abilities you are the abomination spawned by the emperor to help your chapter brethren gain all the glory you can. But in most cases you are hated by the brethren and looked on as a mutant.What is a Genestealer?A unique type of tyranid. I personally don't know much about them but i know that they are kind of aliens of aliens.Graphics:Character Models-Environment-Uniqueness-Sound:Voices-Weapons-Movement-Playability:Control Smoothness- The controls seem about as smooth as you can get them to be considering your a dude walking around in ancient terminator armor. But the controls are simple and to the point.Replayability- I see a chance that this game has so much replayability. Even after all the problems i've had to deal with so far I still find myself wanting to play the game but not wanting to get further disappointed with the crashes.Single Player- Singleplayer just seems boring and uneventful. I just dont think theres enough in single player to make me want to play it, especially since i can complete the campaign with friends.Multiplayer- Incredibly exciting to run around with your friends. Multiplayer is literally the only way this game should be played.Story:Pros:Cons:The biggest con so far is that the game randomly just dies. As fun as the game is there's just too many early game problems that hopefully will get worked out in the future.One major con so far is the clunkiness of movement. Giving the game the benefit of the doubt though since you are a space marine librarian and the armor you wear is obscenely big and bulky. It just seems they could have made movement a little smoother even being a space marine.Another Con I have noticed is the lack of GPS or direction for your missions. A little blip is on your screen to direct you where to go but not necessarily how to get there. But unless you are the party leader you can't see it. Which in a way can be cool because then you have an actual leader of the group, but still can be frustrating for others.The poor optimization of the game is also a pretty big deal for this game. Changing settings doesn't really seem to help me at all with fixing a lot of the errors.FPS jumps from time to time.Gun sounds are pretty uninspiring. Seems kind of generic.Problem with long range hacking. Sometimes you can hack and sometimes you just can't.Games initial playout (SPOILERS):First few days-So my first steps into the space hulk were pretty interesting. I decided that I wanted to try the librarian for my first time going into the game and after going through the tutorial I kinda liked the psyker powers. So me and a friend partied up with 2 pubs and went on our merry way. Swarms of tyranids all around us, some used guns and rocket launchers while others were trying desperately to claw my face off. As I rushed around with my team and started heading towards the little blip on my map I started to notice…(game crash)So my first steps into the space hulk were pretty ok. I decided that being a librarian is lame and I wanted to be a melee guy. So I decided to arm myself with awesome lightning claws. After screaming FOR THE IMPERIUM over and over and blah blah blah I found that it was incredibly exciting to rip and claw my way through tyranids. After reaching the squad blip on my map to try and help some other brethren I got to see my squad completely... (game crash)So my first steps…(game crash)Weeks in-Completion (if applicable)-Conclusioni plan to play the game a little more before giving my final thoughts. this game should probably be waited on a little at least for the first patch. ill update this review as i play the game more. Updated 12/16/16"
76561198048823044,Not Recommended,298900,28428064,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,netfisher777,too much bugs
76561198137999329,Not Recommended,298900,28428122,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Virr3,"i have a computer with 8bg a 3,5 ghz i5 and gtx 1060, i should be able to run this game just fine. because i can play BF1 on ultra/high. but no i cant. the testa chamber was ok and everything working fine. but when i enter the first room on the first level it lags so much i thought i freezed first. and this happends even on low settings. i will demand a refund if the game is not fixed before 2017. real piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥optimixed."
76561197970669467,Not Recommended,298900,28428192,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Maddox,"This game is horrible, I have loved space hulk for a long time and generally expect nothing when it comes to a game or a movie made from an IP that I like....this game still let me down.  It feels like space hulk but the team mate AI is so dumb, you cannot give them any commands like, ""stand on this side of the door I want to close and lock, stop getting in my way"".  If all you want is a first person shooter try a good FPS.  If you just want a game that looks like space hulk play the top down view version that feels just like the board game.  The 1992 version of space hulk for the PC was better than this, it just didn't look as pretty."
,Not Recommended,298900,28386184,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fanysher,"For now: Don't buy, it's not optimised 'yet' (framedrops from 60-10fps).I actually like the game. In the beginning I was not impressed by the graphics of the game, but I totally forgot about that because the gameplay was fun. Example: Your left hand broke, so you cant use the weapon in your right hand. I tried the several classes and they were quite fun to play. Another thing I really liked was the atmosphere, I was really sucked into the game! But sadly the fps issues made the game unplayable at some moments in the game. I reallly hope they going to optimise the game, i'll be back to play this game. Guaranteed!Another plus: It has a(n) FOV slider, so the game didn't give me a headache.Good game overall, badly optimised."
76561198008290287,Not Recommended,298900,28406594,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Blayt Vodka Stalin,"Getting shocking fps drops with my gtx 1070 and i7 6700k is ridiculous. good look getting into a multiplayer game, seems to just disconnect all the time.Designation - Exterminatus."
,Recommended,298900,28406608,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,thePankakeManne,"FOR THE LOVE OF MANKIND, TERRA AND THE GOD-EMPEROR HIMSELF, BARACHIEL, IT IS PRONOUNCED ""ZEE-NOS.""On a more serious note, this game (while not without its performance issues which will probably be patched in the near grimdark future) is amazing. I mean, there's an option specifically dedicated to the percentage of headbobbing you experience while you stomp your way through the set of the movie Aliens in a suit of armor that weighs more than your ex-girlfriend, all while you slaughter - er, I mean PURGE WITH ZEAL AND (the Emperor's) FURY - countless waves of vicious and deadly aliens that want to steal your battle-pants (JEANstealers, that is). Also, there's apparently a plot in the middle of all that or something. Cool.10/10 would headbob again."
,Not Recommended,298900,28366102,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MinionwithTimberlands,Bad game :( was waiting 2 weeks for this.
76561198052235273,Recommended,298900,28406793,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[US] Shephard,"Buggy as all hell, but still lots of fun for PvE / Co-op survival fans. Needs at least a couple more weeks of polish before I can recommend buying it - but at the same time who can pass up a chance to support FPS Co-op set in the Warhammer 40k Universe?"
76561197970339796,Recommended,298900,28387765,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Marklar,"Tactical twist on current FPS. Great if you love Warhammer. Reminds me of the original space hulk game from 93 although this game is not as good. Imo, its worth buying. You do get a sense of playing as a terminator space marine (though your armour feels weak). The campaign is engaging and destroying swarms of genestealers is fun. It could be better and hopefully they will patch in the future. Overall I am glad i bought it.Bad bits - Bolters sound very flat. Consistent with previous warhammer games but the gaming experience would be much more intense and enjoyable with better bolter sound effects. Theyre not terrible though and once you move on to other weapons it becomes less of an issue.The enemy tend to either explode or crumble when they die. It isnt as satisfying as it should be.Although you unlock weapons its nearly always best to stick with the bolter and sword until you get weapons like the upgraded assault cannon, plasma cannon and mace / shield combo which are the last weapons to unlock in the game.Your bots have annoying sucidal tendencies and will stand directly in front of turrets rather than moving into cover. Bots also sometimes fail to turn and face the enemy while taking damage from behind.Turret hacking is also annoying and doesnt really add to the game. Every now and then you will walk into a room and get annihilated by these things, loosing all progress from the last auto save. So every now and then you have to enter the map mode, scan, disable / destroy these things before you enter the room. As i say it doesnt really add anything to the gaming experience.It is difficult to tell how much HP you have at any given point. Instead of a simple health bar (like your bots have) your hp is shown as different coloured armour.Mini Map view is disorienting. It would be better if it had options to change its overall size and scale (zoom in / out) and an option to fix it in place rather than rotating.Would of prefered starting at as a grunt and earning promotions rather than starting as a Librarian. I would also prefer more unlocks / upgrades to armour and weapons etcLastly, Deathwing requires an expensive pc to get good frame rates."
76561197965004501,Recommended,298900,28406466,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,cloister56,"So after 5 hours of play I would recommend this game.The star is the space hulk, it is gorgeous. From tight corridors with industrial piping to the cavernous open areas with gothic stylings they are a beauty to behold. The tactical changes these different environment give mean one minute the flamer creating a unpassable wall of death and the next its a candle in a void.The enemies are fast, deadly enough to be a challenge but not too overpowered. They look pretty good and enter areas crawling down pillars and dropping from the ceiling. They are a little dumb attacking pretty much head on each time. Armed enemies will take cover but so far are less of a threat.The weapons are suitably destructive and each has a flaw which keeps one from being the dominant choice. The assault cannon (mini gun) takes a second to spool up, the plasma cannon is slow and the flamer is limited range.The game does lack a little polish mainly on the menus but they are functional just not very flash or particularly well designed.Sadly others have run into several bugs and had difficulty playing. I can't speak for them but I've had no crashes and it runs smoothly on a 980ti and 32g Ram. I have played exclusively single player so can't speak to the co-op experience.I hope the problems will be fixed for others as it is a great game.If you are a fan of 40K then this is a incredible buy. Toby Longworth narrates between levels recapping the events. It's like he is narrating an audiobook that you are getting to star in.If you are not a fan of 40K well you know that part in Aliens where the colonial marines go to the atmospheric processor. Well imagine playing that but as a walking tank!"
76561197993707074,Recommended,298900,28403019,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lagdemon,"Wow, Its a real shame this game is getting a harsh reaction, I am really enjoying it thus far.  Well done to the design team, well done on the production values on a whole , you have nailed the 40k theme perfectly IMHO stomping around the hulk is fantastic with decent headphones and the lights out.  This game is solid fun( I would wet my pants over a 40k roaming rpg  with what you have shown here)There is alot of butt hurt.... that is inevitable when a well loved franchice has a new releasePerformance issues.. runs fine for my needs, looks nice , issues getting my HD res option running is annoying. Game runs smooth 90% of the time - the other 10% , when huge mobs spawn performance drops for a moment . not perfect, but sweet jesus there is alot going on with all the bells and whistles.( im ruinning alienware13 i7 nvidia980m )connection issues.. yeah can be a bit patchy atm, i am sure it will get resolved.Please Devs not sure what your planned suport cycle is , but be sure to get onto the few niggles that a few are having asap.  the community will appreciate your efforts :)Hope there is more content in the pipeline too! ( different 40k races? play as the enemy? ) :)))))))))"
76561198029990512,Recommended,298900,28403772,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Fallen Zyzz,"I only recommend this game if you are a fan of W40K or a fan any media that features big guys with heavy weapons.In terms of audio and visual design, this game is spot on. Each of the weapons available to you are impactful and feel and sound truly powerful. The environments are remarkably detailed, immersive, distinctive and true to the 40K setting. The Genestealers and Terminators are also wonderfully designed.The gameplay is also pretty fun if you enjoy stomping through the halls of direlict ships and hacking xenos to bits with a cadre of Battle Buddies. The shooting, melee and psychic mechanics offer a diverse and fun way of exterminating the xenos horde. The genestealers themselves also offer a solid challenge and can present a genuinely dire threat to your Terminator squad, especially on higher difficulties.However, this game is still plagued by random crashes and bugs. For example, if you hack a genestealer's turret so you can shred him and his fellow heretics from a safe location, you may find upon return to your body that your heavy flamer has turned into an assault cannon and your psychic abilities have reset to the default loadout. In addition, the game isn't particularly well optimised. On maximum, my frames (on a 1060) can occasionally go from a consistent 60 fps to roughly 24-30 during a large genestealer rush.This game is also plagued by inexplicable design/balancing choices. The removal of weapons such as the heavy flamer and hellfire storm bolter from the mp and the lack of any sort of meaningful progression system harms the replayability of the game as each class really only has two or three guns available to them and there is no way to earn any form of lasting reward. Futhermore, there is no real way to see ping in the server browser or to filter for dedicated servers, which were both things you could do in the beta server browser.This game, at it's core, is good, but I CANNOT reccomend it to you in it's current form unless you are a W40k fan. Wait until the devs squash the bugs and add some form of meaningful replayability and progression to the game.- The Emperor Protects -"
76561198024885613,Not Recommended,298900,28403818,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,honest,"This is my first game i purchased in presale and with more than 100 games in my library i am so disappointed that i decided to write my first review: I think it could be interesting for laptop users. It is  as well the first nearly unplayable game on this machine. Specs: Asus G750JX (GTX770M) Win10.1 - 8GB - latest graphics driver installedI know it is not the highest top rig any more but according to min specs it should run fluently at least with minimum settings - anybody disagree ? opinions welcome !1.) started game - checked video option and kept mid settings with 1080p - pushed button to ""basic"" and suddenly only black screen appears - unable to quit game correctly2.) game restarted - kept mid settings and started tutorial - playing with about 20-25 FPS - 99% load and fully 3000MB graphics memory used - never seen this before3.) changed to lowest graphics setting - playing with 30-40FPS - still needs 2800-3000MB of video RAMafter tutorial during fighting frame drops to 14-16 FPS sometimes4.) got 2 times suddenly game breaking bug - resolution looks like 300*200 only just a small part of the picture but everthing very huge inside - unable to quit game correctly.5.) restarted game: - walking as a heavy tank with my 2 AI buddies through empty corridors and pipe levels maybe about 15 minutes no enemies - no loot even no ammo- nothing.  just before finishing 1st mission of the game alot monsters spawning from everywhere around you - but with endless ammo no problem (maybe easy mode ?)6.) started 2nd level 2 days after and gave up after some minutes due to this resolution failure mentioned above in point 4...Conclusion: just played single player - i do not even think to play online coop how it is now.I liked the sound of the game and the level design was not that bad at all.I think it could be a great game if bugs are removed. don´t know if it is possible to improve performance but i will not ask for a refund to see how it will going on regarding updates and patches and i want to play this game at my high end desktop machine when i am not abroad any more..... without bugs pleaseI am sorry, but in this stage definitely not recommended"
76561198029901511,Not Recommended,298900,28695587,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[VI] Mkoll,"My first impressions of Space Hulk Death Wing online gameplay was as followsGame1 Network DisconnectGame2 play for 10minutes Network DisconnectGame3 Network DisconnectGame4 Network DisconnectGame5 play most of the match Network DisconnectGame6 play with a full team and crush a brood lord and then Network DisconnectGame7 Network DisconnectGame8 Network DisconnectHits quit button and notices this is not a beta or pre release, smashes head into computer screen and continuaduhaDUHADId dnoio naw"
,Not Recommended,298900,28742116,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jaxjace,"33 dollars for a half finished game, i guess i cant complain it is half a game afterall.again i find a GW title that i should have just gotten MODELS for and not been disapointed.The game looks great, combat feels great, the enemies are cool looking and exciting,But the AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥on both sides,The game is horribly optimized, 960 graphics cards getting massive fps drops during combat i mean come on.Lack of contentwas rushed, should have been worked on for at least 6 more months, but the games dead now anyway soo...EDIT: game completely flopped on launch, game is already dead. Reinstalled to see what optimizations have been done, none, game is still playing like total♥♥♥♥♥♥ garbage game garbage developers, idk how anyone could be proud of this product."
,Recommended,298900,28389495,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HaLarryous,so originally the game kept crashing I worked out that after upgrading my operating system i was showing to be running two graphic cards I have an I5 with a build in one. Once I disabled it the game ran fine I know they say limit is 660 but i am running a 660M on my compy and it is running ok some stuttering and long load times but I am technically running under spec so no complaints. I know others are having issues but honestly game is a blast and i didn't even have to turn everything to lowest i was able to leave on Med. setting
76561197971155056,Not Recommended,298900,28390255,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LeperousKhan,"I've played two hours. They've nailed it. Those gloious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They nailed it.You need a horse of a computer to get the most out of it though for the single player.Much stompy, clompy, dakka-dakka action to be had here.Still buggy, but it's fun.Not much keeping anybody around. Needs a wargear reward system and stable coop play a-la LFD or Vermintide.Incredible amount of bugs.Will review review after 2 months."
76561197974999426,Recommended,298900,28392725,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Black Death,"Out of solidarity with the developer who gave us a solid 40k game and, without the many technical issues and bugs, the best adaption of Space Hulk, I am changing my review to a recommendation. The bad ratings it got in the press are absolutely undeserved. Many points critized could be equally critized with Left 4 Dead or Vermintide. And reading many of them you realize that they have no idea what Space Hulk is, what it's about and therefore what it wants to and has to deliver.This game is in no way a 55 or 60. And without the technical issues and bugs it is a solid 75 horde game. If you are a 40k fan like me and like Space Hulk, it can easily be an 85 to you.Yes there are bad technical problems and bugs, yes the interface is not too good, yes some animations could be better and yes some weapons feel underwhelming, but with the general game itself I had great fun. And concerning the Space Hulk environment and the immersion I haven't had such a creepy, claustrophobic experience since Dead Space. And being teleported into Dead Space as an Inquisitor inside a terminator armor with a full squad of your battle brothers is such an amazing experience for me that I am more than ready to see beyond the severe technical issues, bugs and details that could be improved.Generally speaking it is what I expected, what I wanted and what the developer delivered. And it is not sold for 60€, but for almost half the prize. Please give it a chance! Especially, if you are a 40k fan."
76561198018880970,Recommended,298900,28409255,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Glynn [GB],"All the kinks seem to have been worked out, and the game now runs smoothly, albeit in a terrifying fashion!Pros:For a 40k fan, this is true to the space hulkiness in terms of layout and gothic art that you pass through in each level. The characters are believable and the terminator feels like the age old mechwarrior 2 game 90s kids will remember - so it's something you can immerse yourself in, and you feel like the emporer's mailed fist!Cons:Would have liked to see controller/pad support.Can get a little samey unless you make a conscious effort to vary your own approach as there's only so many ways you can dispatch large floods of aliens in a narrow coridoor, and you're regularly retracing your own steps as you bounce from one nav point to the next setting off predictable hoardes of tyranids :(Great game to spend a quick 20mins on, or 2hours!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28382047,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Miune,"-another update-I keep flopping back and forth. i've finally started to hit the performance issues people are talking about. can't even complete a single mission anymore. I'm so damn tired of companies just tossing out whatever they can to make a quick buck. my rig isn't top of the line, but it's somewhat close, I can only imagine what others go through with this game. sure some of this game is nice...but it lacks the polish of a finished game. asking for refund and won't be touching this until they get their act together.-Update-I think perhaps initially I was a bit harsh on the game, it's not as expensive as lets say cod or battlefield release, and for the money it is fantastic in terms of atmophere. i mean they REALLY nailed this part, save for the gun sounds which are close but not quite there. the genestealer models look amazing, i mean someone really put heart and soul into them. the termies feel a little small and blocky but again they are lovingly crafted.I realize for some maybe even most the single player is all that maters to them. if that is the case really the only thing to be disappointed about, and its a minor gripe is the ai seems dumb as rocks, and i really wish the ai was smart enough to use it's own skills i.e the healer. but that's really nitpicking.for those who are looking for a fun co-op experience again this game is solid for the price, i just REALLY wish they had done more with it, it could have went from a good game to something outstanding. everything was in place, it just fell short in this field.as such i'm changing my review to a recommend. if you like 40k, enjoy playing single player then for sure get this, it's great. multiplayer i hesitate to endorse because its basically just a LFD or vermentide reskin (more or less) it could have been so good, even my intial review shows the frustration i have, it's a good game but it could be amazing with some tweaks to the multiplayer.I've noticed alot of reviews with performance issues, truth be told i have not run into those personally, however just incase make sure your rig can handle it.end update------As much as I love this game so far...I can't recommend it.I love warhammer and 40k and for me (currently) its a fun little shooter. the biggest problem I currently have with the game, and maybe it's something they can fix in the future but right now there is almost zero content to the multiplayer progression wise. leveling is temporary, there are classes but the classes have only a few levels at most, and it just doesn't feel like there's really anything to DO except kill zenos. which is fine, i mean it worked for left for dead but i was really hoping for something more there, maybe a gear system similar to dawn of war series, with item drops and the like. that would have made this game amazing. the single player has alot of nice weapons, but again it's single player, and this game should be focused on the multiplayer, instead of just being what feels like an afterthought.everything is so close, just falls short. which really feels like a common trend with games workshop as of late."
76561198066919076,Not Recommended,298900,28383789,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mercury,"Update: I changed my review to not recommended. The MP community on this game is dead, and the bugs killed it.Verdict UPDATEDGraphics: 8/10 - Very pretty game, good amount of gore, character models are extremely detailedGameplay: 8/10 - Just wait until you get into your first big firefight in SP or MP. It's awesome.MP: 1/10 - This would easily be a 10/10 if I didn't get booted from roughly 95% of my matches.Playability: 8/10 - Very easy to pick up, controls are as easy as they come.Replay Value: 0/10 - Chances are you will have stopped playing this 6 hours after playing.Overall: 1/10 - Really a shame this game wasn't better."
76561197971458700,Not Recommended,298900,28385840,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,meadow,"good graphic, good aliens shooting game. but very minimum character progression system. no looting, relic hunting feel pointless.multiplayer feel like water down version of single player that already felt lacking of character progression.can not use RPG mind set to play this game or you will be disappointed, this game is more like a no stat save arcade game for you to quickly online shoot some aliens with friends without worry about building your character or having progress lacking behind your friends. is a good game but i was expecting more and disappointed."
,Recommended,298900,28413333,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Casanova,"Every problem I had with the game was fixed, Now that I can play it, I really do like it. The AI is not dumb but it's not quick.would recommend now"
,Recommended,298900,28365341,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sunder,Where are my 4k resolutions?EDIT:  Thumbs up given due to addition of 4k resolution.  Heresy eliminated brothers!
76561198068273937,Not Recommended,298900,28413468,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,This game is like a shallow puddle... so dang boring. I feel i got cheated a bit on this one. If you expect it to be as fun as vermintide you are dead wrong. Atleat it wasnt AAA price but still to much for what you get. BTW i have nopt played this for 30 hours. I must have left it in the menu and went to bed because ive only put maybe 3 hours into it.
,Not Recommended,298900,28460136,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tory,5/10Refunded.Goodbye.
,Recommended,298900,28438134,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Voxix Hound,its 40k mang just buy it
76561198050442501,Recommended,298900,28493006,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Icecre4mm4n,"I was higly anticipating this game. I was never interested in the Warhammer: 40K universe until the trailer for this game came out, so I would safely say I have a neutral viewpoint on the lore side of things. That being said, the game is wonderful. Great models and textures, gameplay is exciting and unrelenting. Great single player experience. BUT! Before you open your shopping cartt hear this. The multiplayer is not working. Multiple crashes when connecting with other players. Can not play with friends, which is the biggest upset about this game. If i cant mow down hordes of genestealers with my buddies then whats the point?UPDATE (Feb 17 2017): Online is now working. Joined a friend and played for a solid hour with no crashes. Very fun game, great for co-op!"
76561197970545091,Not Recommended,298900,28397474,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Rockford,"Edit: Have changed recommendation after questioning the controller support was deleted.-----I don't write many reviews, but feel the need to add my opinion in what can improve this game with so much potential.Performance seems to mostly work well with some dip in high action areas. The game looks gorgeous, and has settings that stress higher systems. Most definitely adjust these settings to suit your computer.Now, my main gripe that I feel will not take much work to improve on:Controller support.Yes, the very basics are there, but has no way of allowing the player to re-bind, or adjust sensitivity.Ontop of that, the on screen pop-ups and tutorials are set to keyboard commands. These are useless if playing via controller as the player is left to stumple around in working out the hard-set binds. The map system is not at all friendly in gamepad support as it just doesn't.Overall, for the price. It's good, but again, has the potential to be great with some more work.Hopefully with the console releases coming out soon, they're able to patch in solid controller support."
,Not Recommended,298900,28379742,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Anoobich,"Maybe do multiple betas and release the game when its  actually fixed?Poor FPSSame Glitches from beta, random crashes from going to inventoryMultiplayer is poorly executedAnd if the host crashes or DC, good bye game sessions (No Host Migration Implimentation) lolwut?"
,Not Recommended,298900,28380005,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,illujin,"This game feels lifeless. When I first started the game, I joined a multiplayer session with random people doing Chapter 1. I had no idea what was going on. No clue about where I was or why I was there. I was following the other players around who somehow knew what to do and where to go. I suppose walking around and killing stuff was pretty fun, but what bothered me was when I decided to play the campaign and realized that the game gives you markers. There are cutscenes and someone actually talks to you as you complete objectives. Had there been these markers and audio cues during my multiplayer session, I might have enjoyed it more.I really wanted to like this game. However, performance and connection issues really put me off from wanting to play it. I can run other games with more demanding system requirements with 60+ FPS, but this game barely keeps up at 60 FPS and dips down to as low as 15 FPS depending on how many enemies are around. I could potentially enjoy the game solo, but the AI seems pretty clunky. The controls feel a bit clunky as well. I found myself hitting a key multiple times before anything actually happened with it. Loading screens are a pain and constantly freeze up. I've had numerous occassions where the game would freeze once the screen said ""Press [insert melee attack key here] to continue"" but nothing would happen when I pressed that key. I could hear noises, but it wasn't until I alt+tabbed out of the game and back in it that anything actually refreshed.Moving on to connection issues, I kept getting disconnected in the middle of every game I tried to play. It was frustrating to say the least. I wish that the game would at least attempt to rejoin once the connection is lost, but it just kicks you off to the multiplayer lobby. Each time I couldn't help but feel as though I wasted my time.The visuals and setting for this game are actually very good. The gameplay was pretty fun as well, but as previously mentioned, the performance issues and overall clunkiness really detract from the good qualities the game has to offer. If the performance issues are somehow fixed and the single player experience is brought to multiplayer as well, I'd probably actually recommend this game to other people. Until then though, I can't recommend it to anyone in it's current state.I'll likely end up refunding this game, but I'll hold off a bit and wait to see what my friends think of it first before doing so."
,Not Recommended,298900,28380043,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cheshire,"I have a pretty solid machine, and despite running the game on triple monitors it looks great (when it runs).  Unfortunately that's not for longer than a few minutes at a time.The issues I'm having are far too many to count:Forever loading times.Matchmaking is unreliable at best (dropped from server often).When I'm in a game the mission waypoint is either not there at all, or will not move to the next waypoint when I've reached my objective.Game often hangs on multiplayer load-in.The game seems very poorly optimized in places, causing massive lag.When the game runs it's a lot of fun, and really keeps the spirit of Space Hulk alive.  Sadly, that has been for less than 10% of the time I played it today.Sad I payed for it, and I hope they fix all the bugs."
,Not Recommended,298900,28380153,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,OGLumberJack,"i just dont even know what to say.... FPS drops beyond belief when mobs spawn, cant even play on low quality with 60fps. first time ive ever thought of getting a refund."
76561198005957258,Not Recommended,298900,28368894,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Flatmouse,I'm running over min spec and it's unplayable.  Only game I've ever submitted a refund for.
,Not Recommended,298900,28368939,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shas,Horrible game relased way to early needs more work.
,Not Recommended,298900,28368728,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Core Core²,"I cant play the game , it has a very disturbing frame drop!also it take too much time to load, like 5 minutes... i cant understand why if my pc can run Vermitide without problems"
,Not Recommended,298900,28368957,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,k8Faust,"Bought the game for the mutliplayer cooperative experience, apparently all of the focus was on the singleplayer. I have no interest in a singleplayer 40k experience, so the only thing I've tried is a two-man co-op session that didn't last 30 minutes before my partner crashed. At least there's a server browser, so that's a bonus. Easily navigable, no frills, just (almost too) plain text and options.Initial load screen is ridiculously long. Nothing about this game screams anything that would necessitate such a lengthy load screen, especially since loading any map or match after that also requires a lengthy load screen, and to top if off, one cannot load the match until the host finishes loading.I assume the levels are all from the singleplayer campaign. There's eight of them. No random generation AFAIK, which the multiplayer would benefit from greatly. Lots of small and tight hallways. Lots of high up perches for enemies to sit on, and why that's a bad thing will be explained later on. It's dark and grim, which is fine, but telling enemy from rusted pipe can be difficult, unless you're using your infra-red vision, which is exclusively tied to your zoom functionality.Classes and progression are a thing. Why? I have no idea. It doesn't need it and it doesn't benefit from it. Why is there an Apothecary capable of healing damaged Terminator armor? Why is there an Assault Terminator that is incapable of using anything other than a melee weapon + shield pairing? There are enemies that spawn in areas that are unreachable by a melee, which means you MUST have someone with a ranged weapon kill said foe. Minor issue, but ultimately stupid.Sprinting is a thing, though wholly unnecessary. You're the best of the Space Marines and you're in a suit of Terminator armor; you're a walking tank, you have no need for sprinting, not that you should really be able to, not in the way it occurs in the game. You instantly enter full sprint and instantly exit, with absolutely no sense of the weight of your armor. Maybe they thought it'd be nice to move down the lengthy hallways faster, but ultimately it just removes the tension and necessity of sticking together.Acid spitters one-shot. Why? Is this just so they can have a reason for the respawn system? Why is armor so low that we're being one-shot? Why is it so low that I might need to respawn at any point during a mission? If I die, it should be because this horde of xenos has worn me down, not because I got some tyranid drool on my chest, and it certainly shouldn't be because I turned the wrong corner and got zapped by some god-lightning from a ventilation fan at the end of the corridor. Seriously, this happened at the end of my 30-minute session (after my friend crashed) and I have absolutely no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ happened, why it happened, or where it came from; one second I was all green, the next second I was face-down, fading to black.So, ultimately, if you're like me and are only interested in the multiplayer experience then I suggest you stay away for at least a month, if not longer. Personally, I've already put in a refund request because I just cannot abide by the gameplay design decisions."
76561198071937364,Not Recommended,298900,28369071,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,chaos8ringer,"Okay so i myself have no FPS drops/problems whatsoever. The only problem here is that i literally cannot join any multiplayer sessions. Heck, after 2 - 3 Minutes i get a network error and get disconnected from the server, even when i host my own game! The multiplayer was the reason i bought it, planning to purge the filthy Xenoscum with my fellow battlebrothers but here i am now, pondering whether i should wait or immediately refund. Not recommended until this gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,298900,28369108,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,n0aim,"This review is written on release day:Very bad issues with the performance, multiple crashes for no apparent reason (i.e.: host opening inventory in middle of game = guaranteed crash). 3 different errors on 3 startups once it downloaded. Major framedrops for no apparent reason. Playing with the settings barely helped.No multiplayer unlocks carry over. If your team dies in a mission its either: Start from scratch or skip to next level, wtf?Game is extremely redundent, go here kill guys along the way, go there kill guys along the way. No real objectives during Co-op.Definitely not worth its price as it is right now.I strongly recommend waiting until a price drop or a major update."
,Not Recommended,298900,28369262,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grammy,"I've had 28hrs of beta time and didn't have too many issue's, my rig and IP are both good and the game ran well on max settings, I did get all of the fatal error crashes, back to menu because the host crashed, weapon not firing, skills not working, fps drop in one stair section in chapter 2, but I kept playing.Now as we know the release was delayed and supposedly issues were dealt with, but after 78mins of co-op today, 15 of which were stuck on the loading screen telling me to pres Q to enter and nothing happening, I pressed Q a lot of times, so I just stopped playing, nothing has been fixed, infact I'd say it's just as bad as the beta was with the host not being able to risk pressing I and change his/her loadout because it might fatal error. (I believe this is why the devs added the codex setting)Now I'm not refunding but I'm not spending any more time in the game until there has been a sizeable patch and if that doesn't happen in the next 2 weeks I will refund.I get 60fps even in combat, I've played through chapter 1 and 3, skipped 2 as I've already played that to death, this is not a performance moan from an fps view.I couldn't possibly recommend this game in it's current state..............."
,Not Recommended,298900,28369476,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wazaaman,"This is just a shame. A complete shame, once again the 40k community is burned by a developer. I did not go in expecting a perfect game, its a game built by indies on the Unreal Engine I expected a bit of a rough rocky release but I find it appaling some people have a problem with pointing out that this game, on release is bordering on unplayable. It is one thing to have a game that is a bit buggy on release but if a developer is willing to take your money and push out a game that barely functions you need to get your head out of the sand and say no.I played in the beta for this game. I know how it played before release and I know for a fact all the bugs and issues we are experiencing right now are the same bugs from beta that the developers claimed they would fix before release. So far all they seem to have fixed is the FPS drop issue most users were having. I will list the common bugs I can guarantee you will experience in multiplayer. The singleplayer seems to run much better but these issues are still present regardless of what you play-Fatal Error for no reason, I can count the number of times ive actually completed a mission on one hand.-Fatal Error if the server host opens his inventory-Fatal Error if you walk through a door too fast-Fatal Error during loading screens-Sometimes you lose the ability to fire your weapons, spring, and use abilities if you open a door-This is so common that since the devs claimed they knew about it in beta its inexcusable to launch with-Sometimes you lose the ability to do all of the above for no actual reason-Sometimes you respawn and cant interact with anything-If any of these happen to the host(which is very likely) the entire server goes down and you must start over againI will now list a number of simple problems with the core game that make it just not fun to play-Monotonous gameplay, every weapon feels the same and every enemy feels the same except the ones who cankill you in one hit. But those enemies tend to blend into the same-ish designed models.-The damage mechanic makes little sense, the way your health works seems to require no less than a PhD intheoretical physics as sometimes you can take multiple autoguns and claws to the face and only be damaged a bitin your helmet and torso and other times your left leg gets hit by a few too many stubguns and you instantly die.-The devs didn't know how to add progression to the multiplayer so you lose all your unlocks after every mission-The devs didn't know how to balance most weapons and upgrades so you have barely any weapons and upgradesin the co-op mode-The mission design is pretty boring. You will consistantly walk down some corridors, kill about 200 genestealers in 30 seconds and than repeat this until all objectives are done.-Turrets are an abomination, they have some kind of sound effect that must be a foly artist dropping a pillow on thefloor because even though its quiet every missile turret in the game fires a machine gun feed of missiles that will killyou almost instantly.-Did I mention that if you try to hack turrets your inventory has a good chance of disappearing for no reason?The only positives worth mentioning was theres a lot of soul behind this games design, all the scenery the armor, the weapons, the Sentinel walkers with loader arms laying about look incredible. This is what I'd expect if Forgeworld released some kind of resin Space Hulk game table it is just great to look at until you happen to stub your toe into a ragdoll object and you get a fatal error.Also during a livestream of this game by the devs after a development cycle that barely showed any game footage the game crashed and the livestream cut off early, fishy.You have brought shame to your chapter Developers."
76561197992617951,Not Recommended,298900,28380548,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Papabear,if FPS issue doesnt get fix in a week then refund time.
76561198035575715,Not Recommended,298900,28380576,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,R Kely P N on U,"I actually liked this game, but the multiplayer/co-op is unplayable. Tried beating the first chapter alone on the hardest difficulty and everything was going smooth until I had to extract. You're left to hold out a position against a huge horde which doesn't sound too menacing except that the AI bots are garbage(working co-op would be great workaround but as of right now it's busted).I will say though I love the pace and feel of this game. You honestly feel like a badass or a beast but I'll just wait and see if they can fix the multiplayer."
76561198127976651,Not Recommended,298900,28380586,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KingOfScrubs,"I wanted this game for so long, i followed it from the beginning, but i'm on the training mission and the graphics are EXTREMLY DUMBED DOWN to get that far, and i take one step after trying to bump them up and it crashes, I hope it gets fixed or that the console release happens soon."
76561198009550819,Not Recommended,298900,28381182,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Demonocolips,I love this game but clinicly its broken. there are several issues throughout the game when it comes to optimization and hardware compatibility. if you have an amd cpu avoid level 1 and four like the plague in my experince they have massive studdering and outright crashes in some areas the other five levels are mostly stable with only minor issues here and there.its ♥♥♥♥ing fun while it works but needs to be fixed. im guessing streum did not properly test on enough cpus to get it all moving.on higher end (i.e. more expensive) hardware it runs great. my system is four years old at this point and it runs the game acceptably except for certain areas where i just get massive framerate loss.
,Not Recommended,298900,28381242,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Daisy Merollin,It's a very dull game. The campaign looked fine but the multiplayer matches are really laggy and disconnect a lot. Spent more time trying to get into a match than playing.
,Not Recommended,298900,28381312,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,VegetaFH1,"Ok, first off, yes the game is fun, walking around like a vertical tank blowing the crap outta everything that moves, as a warhammer game, it feels like warhammer BUT... and this is a very big BUT, its broken, that is of the time writing this reviewWould i buy it now? no (if i knew about the brokeness) would i buy it after they fix the brokeness? YesExtra bits:Apart from the crashing and the frame delay with mass combat, just trying to get the game to run with a friend took 4 tries and alot of headaches, the game doesnt even respond properly when a mission is complete or even when ur loading into a mission, if you get stuck on a loading screen, the only thing you can do is ALT+F4Apart from the Bad stuff, the game looks AMAZING, and although the controls feel abit tanky that can be excused as you are literally a walking tank, the sounds are good... but not exactly warhammer, however the Nids in the game do sound like they are supposed to, the story is ... lacking in some places but it matters where it counts and the most important thing in this game, does it feel good to shoot the nids, YES, YES IT DOES, the physics for the game are 99% perfect and you can even kick their bodies around if u wantOver all the game is a MUST buy, IF they fix all the issuesCurrent rating id give it a 64/100 with the potental to be somewhere in the high 80's(however... as of this review... im not recommending to buy becuase of the broken parts)"
76561198010310744,Not Recommended,298900,28381325,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Xerios,Unfinished product. Needs more work before they get my money
76561198071642780,Not Recommended,298900,28381335,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nickolas the clown,It's just kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993335473,Not Recommended,298900,28391661,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Where's My Spleen?!?,"I want to like the game but this game crashes on a top of the line laptop with no warning.  Maybe if it didnt crash then I can give a decent review, but until that time I hope there is a patch."
76561197998628033,Not Recommended,298900,28391772,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Incognegro,"I tried so hard to love this game.I'm a huge 40k fan, but this game just doesn't work. Took us about 7-8 tries to finish chapter one due to crashes, freezes, and one instance where I became unable to shoot or use skills for some reason.When we finally finished it, we did it in about 15 minutes. At this point we'd memorized the level and just sprinted everywhere tagging objectives, at which point we realised there was very little depth or replayability to the game. There are tyranids all of sizes, sure, but it always devolves into simply ""shooting more"" to accomplish an objective.Shallow, broken gameplay. Can't honestly recommend it, and absolutely not at this price."
,Not Recommended,298900,28391795,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dinokrieg,"I have never left I review ever and yes, I am starting off like those over dramatic people who think saying they have never left a review adds weight to it but fudge it, cliches exist for a reason.Deathwing has left me angry. I have a short playtime but I am not going to give another game that extra bit of chance and see more good money thrown after bad, the developers do not deserve that I spent on this.My main issue, an issue a lot of people seem to be having is the performance, the bugs, crashing, the disconnects... I'm usually one of those people that look past it. Cheerfully look to the good parts of the game and just say, well they will fix it soon! A patch, some update, it will be fine.I do not know why, perhaps it was how much I looked forward to this game but I am just done with being cheerful.In any form of employment, it is expected that you should be able to do your job, deliver the work. That is just common sense - would you expect to be employed otherwise? So why should consumers be expected to be happy when developers, studios, what have you do not do the work? Why should we be happy to sit back and be fed promises of a finished product.  Look at studios these days, all this noncense about reddit amas, twitch streams, betas - oh so marvellous engagement with the community, their fans. What about just sitting down and doing your job and putting out a finished, working game?Of course the usually defence is the mighty shield of - just a small indie studio but if you cannot handle the work, do not take it on. That is common sense.The team behind Deathwing could not handle the work and you should not be content with a barely working game and the promises of fixing problems that should simply not be there. As a W40K fan and gamer there is so much more issues I have with the game at its core but I am sounding butthurt as it is. Going to just post here my main issue which is that this sort of game, a buggy, crashing game - is considered an acceptable standard.There is something very wrong with that."
76561198019783452,Not Recommended,298900,28391828,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DrBad,"WTF happened.So much potential for a Warhammer40K Co-op shooter,the mechanics you can cook up for the multiplayer level progression is limitless.But YOU DITCH THE CONCEPT ALL TOGETHER!!!I remember one of the developer said I quote""we don't want the mindless grind""No, nobody wants that, ♥♥♥♥ing COD with pointless unlock is grind.In a co-op shooter players work for more equipment option, unique skill customization,when you get a desireable outcome by your investment of time and effort, that is NOT a grind.I don't remember anyone saying Borderlands 2 is mindless grind.LOL that game is all about grinding, get that?Even♥♥♥♥♥♥like Dead by Daylight has a meaninful level system.How?????? what makes you think this is acceptable?"
76561198277437445,Not Recommended,298900,28391923,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ayhan.Isik,"There seems to be a glitch with the graphics on the start screen. The control system doesnt allow for my xbox 360 game pad during main screen. However, it does during gameplay. But the onscreen tutorial of what key to press to perform a particular action only relates to keyboard keys. Not my joypad. So tutorial doesnt help me.The graphics arent great and finally it crashed on me when I pressed the pause button!Not impressed and seems like an unfinished, unpolished game. Not worth the money. I shouldnt have pre ordered it tbh and should of waited for the reviews to pile in. First time I have ever pre ordered a game as was excited about this one. Not pre ordering a game again though as Im now hoping and waiting for Steam to give me a refund for this..Will see..."
,Not Recommended,298900,28392307,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lun4tic,"Buggy, zero polish. Controller support is incomplete, yet keyboard controls occasionally drop out. Getting into a multi-player match is hit or miss. There's no confirmation that the game recognizes that you've pressed buttons like Join or Ready. There's no indication of what classes your teammates have chosen until you've chosen and exited that screen. The game-play seemed promising, but was disappointingly boring. Coming from Vermintide, I didn't feel like I was really a part of the fight, that my actions mattered, or that I needed to be cautious to survive.It's a risky buy and, unfortunately, doesn't prove its worth within the refund window."
,Not Recommended,298900,28392480,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Syklar,"To many bugs at the moment, gameplay is great once you get the game going but theirs to many bugs to list here whihc seeing as most of the big ones poped up during the beta this is unacceptable."
76561197965625608,Recommended,298900,28399412,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Snugglez,"My brother and I tried playing this game the evening it came out. While I had no issues (using Geforce 970, Windows 10, and Intel i7), my brother would crash every time he tried to use the ingame map (he is using two SLI Gefore 970, Windows 7, and an AMD). So the multiplayer needs some patching.However, I've been playing single player and the only glitch I have encountered is during the tutorial a door wouldn't open so I just reloaded and it was fine. Other than that everything has been perfect. The atmosphere and storyline is great and the combat is fun.I would suggest getting this game for the single player aspect alone, and once the multiplayer is fixed it will be even better."
76561198034296983,Recommended,298900,28387023,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,xRedCrowx,"WE ARE THE EMPORER'S BLADE!I'm running silky smooth on High graphics(UPDATE: I switched the graphics to medium. I was getting a stutter when things got really hectic. The game still looks great!). This game is beautiful. The lighting(muzzle flashes and the like) is awesome!My setup:AMD 990/950 MOBOFX 8350AMD R9 2808gigs RAMStandard HDDsSo far, the graphics are great and I didn't have any issues; no stutters and no crashes(yet. I haven't tried multiplayer either.)+Beautiful graphics+Tense horde/wave gameplay+Many weapons+Great style/theme+The environment! Some rooms are daunting with their vaulted ceilings and detail. It feels expansive."
,Not Recommended,298900,28398951,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,(-DR-)Deeo,"Pre-ordered months in advance and was excited for a team survival game like l4d set in the 40k universe.Survival is the word of the day, tried to survive playing the game after it would either, constanitly crash, freeze or just lagg so bad in either single player or multiplayer i'd be looking at the wall with the sound looping when more then a few gene stealers would appear, and i have a high end system that can run witcher on ultra and Deathwings graphics don't come close to that. So Refunded.Was so excited to see a good 40k fps game with fun co-op mechanics but can't get past what seems to be a rushed game to put it out for the holidays.Recommend picking it up after its patched up to a playable state or is on sale."
76561198065235653,Not Recommended,298900,28400045,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,OxygenThief,Alright lets write a review.Pros:The maps make you feel like your in the world of 40k.Cons:Lack of epic battle music? (not sure if its needed or not)Combat isn't great as you have your melee and ranged weapons with your class abilities that are absolutly necesary to beating the missions in my opinion.Connectivity issues!Neutral:Guns sound ok not good not bad in my opinion.  Same goes for the sound of walking and screams of enemies.Play with friends otherwise not gonna be that much fun.Overall I would give the game a 5/10 mainly from the connection issues.  Once thats fixed I would give it a 6/10 and a thumbs up but until then save your money and wait for a larger sale.
76561198062743377,Recommended,298900,28438219,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ruin,"This game feels great.The scenery is amazing and beautiful. If I wasn't constantly being threatened by genestealers I would honestly walk around the whole place and admire the work that went into the structure.The guns feel so good to shoot. There isnt a huge variety to pick from, but what they give you feel really nice and each have very clear uses.The AI are somewhat smart. I have seen them make attempts do dodge bullets, use cover or try flanking while my attention was elsewhere, but for the most part they just charge right at you in swarms or start to shoot as soon as you are in sight.The single player campaign isn't really much (its story is kinda blah), but it is still fun to play through. On higher difficulties it gets really brutal.The multiplayer is obviously the hook of the game. I have had issues connecting or staying connected to games but this is launch week so I imagine this issue will be smoothed out soon. Besides that it is immensely fun to slaughter xenos with friends. You could easily spend hours together, fending off swarms of genestealers with a multitude of loadouts.Its not a perfect game (there are a few minor bugs here and there) but hopfully with some patching and maybe new content down the road, we will be purging xenos for many hours more."
76561197994507231,Not Recommended,298900,28392493,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lies.,"Aside from the constant crashes, disconnects and fatal errors, I don't see there being any replayability.  9 maps total, a less than mediocre AI, no actual developement of characters, and no real gameplay diversity besides go here, now go here, now go here.  Shame I spent 5 hours trying to get the game working (disconnects, crashes, low player count) long enough to find this out, or I could get my first ever refund.It may be an ok game some later time, but im doubtful that it wont come without a DLC that simply gets the game to what it should have been at launch.  This is a lesser No Man's Sky all over again."
76561198010761587,Not Recommended,298900,28396571,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,serioeoers,"first 1 1/2 hours of impression:Sooo disappointing!Another overpaid alpha-version. choose settings in game, youll never come back. look and feel: can't feel physics, bad sounds. Feels like a game from 2008.was looking so much forward to this game, since i loved space marine, but this will never fill the gap."
,Recommended,298900,28411853,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,WNxMatthewchen67,"Great Game. However, there are still some bugs. In online, the host cannot switch equipment like the other players in the game unless he wants to risk crashing the game. Also the no attack bug still exists like in the beta. When I mean no attack bug I mean the player can only look and walk around with no ability to melee or shoot. In single player, if the player opens up his map to hack a turret then the game will give him back the weapon he had when he finished the previous mission. Recommended if you have the patience to wait for the devs to fix it."
76561197992083855,Not Recommended,298900,28411898,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Matyvalien,"Everything is fine UNTIL enemies appear , fps goes all over the place , doesn't matter if low or ultra settings , once a swarm comes i am firing blind! So much potential , so much sadness. Didin't improve a bit from beta, can't recommend this."
76561198025657162,Not Recommended,298900,28412061,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Aunday,Removing your levels every mission (and when you get dc'ed just removes any of the rewarding feeling of gaining the levels. Missions all feel 'one-off' because of this.
76561198016151616,Recommended,298900,28412359,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Warlord,"So, i usually dont do Steam reviews. I think this game deserves one, though.I start with the bad:-Plentiful glitches, both in the game and on the technical side. Most of them are pretty harmless, and i am one of the lucky persons with no framerate problems, altough i have to disable one of my cores so it doesnt freeze up regularly.-Multiplayer is crash-prone, no cutscenes, and also lacks some of the weapons.-Balance feels a bit iffy sometimes.The good:-Atmosphere. Oh wow. They absolutely NAILED it, this is WH40k. Ive played pretty much every 40k game there is, and this is by a fair margin the closest you will get to the original 40k feeling.-Art Design+Graphics+Feelings: Absolutely spot on. You are a mighty Terminator, purging those filthy Xenos. Bursting through walls, mowing them down with storms of deadly ammunition. Voice acting is also quite good, way better than their previous game (E.Y.E.)-Weapons are all feeling awesome, the Assault Cannon ist my favourite.The neutral:-This is no Vermintide. NOT loot based. There is a little bit of progression in SP, and none at all in MP. Some rail against this, i really like it. No grinding, just grab your weapons and smash filthy Aliens.If and when they patch out the various glitches and technical problems, this will be a treat for every 40k fan. Until then, buy it if you are a big 40k fan like me, otherwise wait for a bit."
76561198027457402,Recommended,298900,28412592,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Eidolon,"A nice WH40K FPS title.Glorious artwork and sound design.  The character models are especially good.There is plenty of gore and a sense of satisfaction where hacking or blasting the aliens.  I think the space hulk itself provides a cool atmospheric environment that is thick with tension.I didn't get any crashes that others have mentioned and im up to chapter 4 in the single player campaign at the moment.Only once has the framerate dropped low on me, but I am not running a massive rig.Needs a little polish and some options to chain Coop missions together for some sense of progression.Heres hoping the devs continue the updates."
76561198006534098,Not Recommended,298900,28404366,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TollBoothWillie,"Played, or should I say, tried to play the game tonight in Multiplayer and there are a few bugs that make the game unplayable at the moment. Players randomly freezing in place and then crashing out of the game. Persistent enemy bodies onscreen. Multiple times of being kicked out of the server due to network error. Lag in using abilities.  Also, loding into Chapter 1 there is a quick flash of the map in 3D and nothing else, another screen which I think is some part of the environment in gold and then I'm into the deployment screen.Love the graphics and the setting and the mood of the game and I enjoyed the Beta but the above problems are making it difficult to play.  Can't recommend the game at the moment, which is disappointing. I thought things like this would have been identified and fixed when they pushed the game release back to the 14th.  If there were still problems, why not do another Beta to identify what the problems are? I'm sure fans like me wouldn't have minded as long as we got a game that could actually be played through to the end of the mission at least."
,Not Recommended,298900,28404416,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TsukasaY,"This is a terrible game. There are SO MANY BUGS and SERVER/CONNECTION ISSUES that were not in the closed beta that I was part of but are now present. Screen Freezing, not being able to connect to 99% of the servers, no tutorial on roles and no key binding for the heal tool and no idea what the button is to heal with the apothocary and also lack of weapons that were featured in the trailers and the marketing BS such as the flamer, etc."
,Not Recommended,298900,28404497,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,constantinople,"- Awful launch state- Low overall production quality- Little contentA shame. Im a massive 40k fan and this game is a massive disappointment.It is buggy, badly optimised with minute long load times and insane frame drops, crashes randomly, the sound assets are awful, the menus are bad...There are no multiplayer NPCs, very little progressiona no class customization, NO visual customization at all.Refunded..."
76561198002691079,Recommended,298900,28460521,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JackTaRipper,"The review will be updated as I play more.I really find this game to be some mindless fun. The graphics are amazing, the voice acting is well done, and the over gameplay, look and feel is just amazing. But there are some minor gripes that I have.I do not understand when hacked, why the turrets that they only work when in hacked mode, but if you set them to their automated setting they attack my allies and myself? I wish they would attack the Tyranids.I also wish the relics we collected were able to be used.As far as overall performance, I am not running a potato. So, I have only had a little slow done here and there. I don't think a person should review the game in a negative light, just because their potato cannot run it.Overall, I look forward to the updates and can't complain about a 33 dollar game."
76561198062264390,Not Recommended,298900,28460559,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Schnuffel Jamster Snuggle Bunny,"I was waiting for this game for months and was really exited and im a huge WH40K fan, but the constant FPS drops make the game unplayable. i cant go more than 2 minutes without having the game stop for atleast 10-30 seconds at a time. IF these is addressed ill consider changing my mind, but for now im extremely dissapointed..."
,Recommended,298900,28460673,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ra5h,"Amazing effects, great use of UE4, good core gameplay, fantastic scenery, mechanics fit story/gameplay, good weapon/ability variety. Other people have been reporting performance issues but I get a solid 144fps on High with a 970/16gbRAM/i7 and everything loads within 15-60 seconds so I can't say I know anything about that.Hard to describe, but wading through flaming piles of dead aliens while mowing countless more down with an assault canon, finishing stranglers off with a mace and fighting your way through an abandoned space ship is not something other games offer.Fun single player, even better with friends, would definately recommend."
,Not Recommended,298900,28992395,Posted: 3 January,all,THE ENTIRE KEKISTANI REPUBLIC,"I tried to give it a fari chance. i really did. it's just vermintide with diff enemies, and weapons.  no progression, no real point past playing it one good time.BUGS/GLITCHES/CRASHES/ to many to list and to bothersome to fix.+THE ONLY PLUS IS THE AMAZING ARTWORK.srsly that's it.great atmosphere, great story,♥♥♥♥♥♥exucution,   GOD DAMNIT JUST GIMME ANOTHER SPACE MARINE GAME GODDAMNIT."
,Recommended,298900,28460213,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Richard,Smashing genestealers with a power fist is satisfying and a lot of fun. Weapons selection is limited though.EDIT: They fixed stuff. Actually a lot of fun now.
76561197972294010,Recommended,298900,33018002,Posted: 29 June,all,nec_phyrex,"Anyone with a passing interest in  Warhammer 40K Space Marines will most likely enjoy this game. The gameplay is limited due to its setting, (you're a walking tank, in a claustrophobic environment) but it looks great, sounds great, and gives you the chance to kill hordes of genestealers with a range of satisfyingly powerful weapons. As someone who doesn't play Warhammer 40K but has always enjoyed the lore, I strongly recommend it. It's really satisfying."
76561198122628829,Recommended,298900,33024814,Posted: 29 June,all,terrynessengaged89,someone tell my if this game has controller support yet?
76561198100722430,Recommended,298900,33154479,Posted: 2 July,all,Da Bozz,"Waited for this to come on sale. Could have waited longer - but happy tp pay £18 to encourage more 40K game development.Initial impressions are;PROsPlays nice and smooth.Good detailing of Terminators and the Hulk.The Hulk feels large.Bolter sounds great.OK voiceovers - great to have a shooter without constant 'gangsta playa' trash talk from the AI characters.CONsNo friendly fire - if your brother Terminators get swarmed, just spray them with your autocannon.Genestelers are not tough enough - their little claws just bounce harmlessly off you!Terminators are too tough ........ cultists are way way way too tough.Terminators move too fast. Sprinting Terminators ..... seriously?Space Hulk needs Terminators that block corridors, passing movement and line of sight,Companion Terminator AI is pretty dumb - especially if you sprint away from them and the get lost.Turrets are ..... annoying ...... Terminators don't 'hack'.My psychic powers are embarassingly punyBut whats emerging as the real game killer for me is wandering blindly around the hulk back and fort, then back and forth, then back and forth again ........ just trying to get to objectives. I am a Terminator!!!!!  I dont want to be stopped by a jamed door I want to blast it with my plasma cannon or rip it off its hinges with my lightning claws.But its 40K so I still like it.Requests for DLCGive us Marines and Imperial Guard to take into the Hulk! (Just like we unoficially did with our Board Games)Give us a retro mode - slow up the terminators, toughening up genestealers (and reducing their mob numbers)"
,Recommended,298900,33152728,Posted: 2 July,all,Silend Jord,"Somef good here with a bit of bad.  Basic premise is pretty solid, and the visual style really looks nice.  Is it sorta slow? Yes it is.  Is it a bit short on the SP side no, probalby about right.  Games moves pretty decently but it feels like the ending sorta falls down a bit.  There is an ending cinematic, that is ""short"" and certainly doesn't live up to what the game billing is.  I enjoyed playing this though, it isn't very difficult. I really would have wished for more to do, more things to find, stuff to interact with.  I feel this fits into just a very old school FPS of shoot everything that moves while going from point A to B.  I hope the team moves on and adds to this and can round out their next project.  I would recommend this to hardcore and oldschool FPS players who are looking for something a bit slower paced, and intersting to look at."
76561197994190665,Recommended,298900,33159496,Posted: 2 July,all,Artyom,"Literally the best warhammer game ever made, i havent had a single issue with any settings despite having to update my driver which was quite old and out of date to begin with so that was more of an issue on my end.This game makes you feel like a space marine, a terminator space marine no less, the best any chapter has to offer. The weapons you get are amazingly true to the lore and feel like real weapons, having great sound effects, visuals and overall weight and feel to the wepaons doesnt hurt either. The setting being a giant clump of warp melded space marine vessels from various points in the imperiums history is a great way to showcase the different design choices through the eras, each ship feeling like a city with various compartments. The visuals of this game are amazing as well and every little detail of the envrionment is a huge lore payoff for fans of the 40k series. The only real flaw with this game at this point is the lack of various enemy species, the tyranids are the enemy for this game and although they are perfect for the setting i do wish at times they added some green skins or chaos daemons to see what killing them in this engine feels like.In SP you get a squad of 3 including yourself, a support and medic, you play a psyker librarian and can outfit yourself and squad as you see fit, the weapons range from various high level bolters to assault cannons,plasma launchers, and even large and powerful melee weapons such as the power sword or lightning claws for example. Basically you are a dreadnaught mixed with space marine which is true to the terminator space marine's overall ability.Since you are a psyker you get a range of ""magic"" abilities from the 40k lore that aid in the destruction of the heretic xeno threat, you and your brothers will fight and at times die for the emperor in search of the core of this xeno space hulk and every minute is as great as the last for any true fans of the franchise.MP is coop essentially so if you are into thatit is a game for you!"
,Recommended,298900,33425287,Posted: 10 July,all,MalvinMcPot,Pretty cool game if you are into 40k. It has some downsides like playing the apothecary can be boring but if you like playing a healer role you should enjoy it.
76561198110053603,Recommended,298900,33548752,Posted: 14 July,all,S82_Asdrubael Vect,"I'm only two chapters in, and I'm already in love with this game. Visually, it's fantastic. The level of detail is awesome. The Tyranids are terrifying. There is a weapon for every play style (So far, I prefer the basic Storm Bolter/Force Sword Combo. . .for accuracy and speed of attack. . . backed up with Psycher abilities.) The missions are straight forward, the maps are massive. There are tons of hiddem easter eggs for warhammer fans to go, ""Oh,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I see what they did there!"" And there is a simple but immersive story. So far, the only complaint I have, is that the AI on the companion Space Marines is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The Apothecary only heals on commmand (won't do it of his own initiative, when you, he, or your other support NPC are low health.) which makes for a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in heavy fire fights. Over all, I'd have to give this game an 8.5/10 . Easily the best Games Workshop game I've played, and a must have for any serious Warhammer 40K fan!"
,Recommended,298900,30952848,Posted: 4 April,all,The FnAcK™,"UPDATE: July 17th 2017I'd like to point out that I changed my recommendation due to the fact that the devs are still working to improve the gameplay.The game is actually pretty fun and the graphics are pretty decent. It plays like a mixture between Dead Space and CoD Zombies, but even after all the time it has been out it still suffers FPS drops on pretty much every map.I kind of regret paying 45€ for this, and wish I would have bought it on sale.I do recommend this game though, because (technical issues aside) the maps are beautiful, and the game is definitely worth playing if you're into Co-op shooters or shooters in general. Obviously fans of 40k will get a more immersive experience than those (like me) who are completely oblivious to the franchise and it's lore."
76561198113956803,Recommended,298900,28434464,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,matach,devs are going in the right direction
,Recommended,298900,29776650,Posted: 7 February,all,niccoli00,"The Emporer finds this game to be an abomination of Chaos.Gameplay can be fun, logging in to see 2 multiplayer servers, not fun.Game released, day 5 patch, silence from the devs. One would think Genestealers broke into their offices and destroyed them all. One would be wrong. EXTERMINATUS occurred. The Emporer neither forgets or forgives.BURN THE HERETIC, PURGE THE UNWORTHY!Leaving my initial annoyed review, see my comments for updates. Good if you bring friends, solo, good luck finding a game."
,Recommended,298900,32401166,Posted: 13 June,all,LeadInjection,The game has some bugs that remain to be worked on but the aesthetics are on point and the lumbering feeling of being a Terminator is well captured. The thing I love most about this game in terms of gameplay is the absolutely cathertic nature of the heavy flamer and the upskilled Psyker power flame pyre. Cleanse the Xenos with fire!
76561197986580984,Not Recommended,298900,28966047,Posted: 2 January,all,karl_ito,Are you kidding me?My friend and I played multiplayer. After you die you have to do ALL the mission again.It is so .... I can't believe it. Did the devs actually tested their game? We played 2 hours for nothing. We died four times. We had to do it four times from the BEGINNING! (That's so sad because the game otherwise is pretty OK.)
76561198068769779,Not Recommended,298900,28470369,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,RADN3CTAR,All they had to do was to make a Vermintide in space... I wonder how many epic fails like Space Hulk : Deathwing the Warhammer franchise can still take before it loses all it's fans.
,Not Recommended,298900,28735239,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SARRS,My return request was denied.
76561198162935134,Recommended,298900,28722803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,D3ATHCHASE,"I am enjoying the game despite different small complaints. I too am also really just playing the single player and im not a huge 40k fanboy, but i do like the series and i love other games in this universe so i thought id give this a go.On a technical level, i do get massive FPS drops when the firefights get intense or im being swarmed but its a solid 60 fps at max settings at 2k, with a gtx 1080. Its not as broken to me as some are saying it is but everyones hardware is different if its too unstable, thats what the refund button is for.The game is fun, overall id recommend it, at this price, maybe a little less. I love the atmosphere, the guns, the sounds, level designs are great. Im having a good single player experience. I wasnt expecting to be blown away by this giving the discounted price tag and the gameplay i saw but i wanted to give this game a chance being 40k and im not completely disappointed with what i have. Now for other thoughts...Online coop is fun if you can get a match set up and going.Controls are a little awkward for me, its hard to command your brothers when youre being swarmed or doing multiple things at once and there is no controller support, i dont always use it but this feature should be here already if they are planning on bringing this to other platforms plus id think giving commands wouldnt be so bad.The save feature is also a negative point. First of all you cant save wherever you are which i think is kinda bogus in this day and age. The levels are massive and you are always swarmed i should be able to save after different onslaughts of enemies.When you load a game too you have to find your last save because its not automatically put to the top, kinda weird to be scrambled like that but it is."
76561197987996091,Recommended,298900,29038726,Posted: 5 January,all,FA | Gro,Great Atmosphere: checkGreat Graphics: CheckKeybinding: checkGame stability: After Beta 4 is installed it's a checkAfter installing the latest Beta the game now runs smooth on my machine with no crashes.I'm now recommending the game
,Recommended,298900,28450567,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,S1lky-Smooov-Operata,"Post Patch Edit: Well the game runs more reliably now and I can finally enjoy it,lots of lore to be found for fans more versed in the series.Its very intense in harder modes in coop because the lowest tyranid can put you in the red easily and you have to trust your teammates to cover you and not TK you in the process in some of the more claustrophobic hallways.Less D/C when playing online also.You are playing the decsenants of the Dark Angels chapter called the Unforgiven BTW,beyond some of the extra lore there isnt much in the way of story so far.You go from objective to objective destroying any tyranid in your way.If you like Left 4 Dead this is right up your alley,at this pricepoint there is only so much to expect.Previous review:I saw the reviews and I didnt listen.Most negative reviews seemed to be from nvidia users and since I had AMD I thought I was safe.The footage I saw on youtube was  good and pretty smooth,I also liked Space Marines and wanted to play a modern Warhammer 40k game.Well at first the game was playing fine,swarms of genestealers were not enough to slow down my machine.After a while it crashed my computer,it was to be expected I suppose.But I tried to play it again today and my fps came down to a standstill in some of the hallways but bigger rooms were fine for whatever reason.As I snailed my way through a hallway at maybe 3 fps I must of saw the warp because the hallway around the corner was just a blue void  before was rendered.I have a FX 8350  and a R9 290,not top of the line but my setup is still solid.There is no excuse for my pc to lockup in a narrow hallway in a game like this when I play Arma 3 and other more intensive games.Also simply qutting doesnt solve the issue,you have to restart the game to stop the stuttering which I shouldnt have to and wont do any longer.Xcom 2 had opimization issues when it first launched but I couldnt even finish the first mission in Deathwing.This is a honest review and I had higher hopes for this as a somewhat new comer to Warhammer.Also if this runs smoothly for you I suggest killing the genestealers with the doom soundtrack on,it fits this game very well.If you wanna take a chance to see if your PC runs it be my guest.I hope they patch things up because the game was fun when it wasnt stuttering,not even worth 34 bucks at this point."
76561198012027144,Recommended,298900,28413362,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Darkronis,"Good game that crashes to much, and has to many bugs. Really fun to play, I just wish they keeped the game in development for another year, with an fps space hulk game these devs were sitting on a potential gold mine!!! its to bad they didn't finish and polish the game, these days launch is every thing, a bad launch can ruin your game, a really big shame! this could of been some thing  amazing!!!"
,Not Recommended,298900,28570316,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,UraniumSlug,"I've finished the single-player campaign and played quite a bit of multi-player on all difficulty levels with and without friendly fire and codex rules.It's my opinion that while the game is very fun in multi-player on harder difficulties and squad co-coordination, the release was ultimately very premature and doesn't deserve a positive review even if the core gameplay is very fun. The artwork is absolutely grimdark and totally true to the 40k setting - there is no game truer.The single-player story line starts off interesting and then ultimately spirals into a profoundly boring conclusion. You even retread some old levels and the enemies are re-skinned without any new additions. This reeks of a rush job and you can really feel it in the final two chapters.Multiplayer is a total blast with friends on harder difficulties with friendly fire enabled, it totally changes the game. The problem is the lingering non-game breaking bugs and feature omissions. The title has the potential to get stale quickly.Overall I'd recommend buying this on a steam sale, but in my opinion the publisher is at fault for rushing out a product that needed another year in developement."
,Not Recommended,298900,28417670,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GodsAdvisor,"Third Edit on 21st of December:If you have liked previous games from the franchise like me, DONT BUY THIS, OR WAIT SEVERAL MONTHS UNTIL THEY FIX THIS MESS.This game after so many glitches endless walks on corridors with half of their metal textures looking like a fracking zebra on an acid trip glitching all the time as you walk close during 80% of the missions, after so many hours looking for relics that serve no purpose, was still a game that i had hoped at least had an epic conclussion wich at least didn't gave me any frame drops but that has to be THE LAZZIEST F U C KING GAME ENDING I'VE EVER SEEN, 0 Replayability after that. this game now feels so rushed. and that conclussion or LACK OF, glitches are a disgrace to the CHAPTER, to the frachise and to the art team that worked on making this experience so graphically amazing but lacking on all other fields.I'll try to ask for a refund, dont think they will take the time to fix this problems any time soon, to think i started playing this so excited and by the end i don't even want to have it on my library.list of CONS:*Brainless AI your forced to use your team on melee so they are competent or even OP, totally opossite of using them with ranged weapons wich makes ur Apothecary useless for curing. WHY IS THAT ALSO? could you not give him just 1 claw for the non medical hand?*Glitches on almost all metalic wall textures when ur in close spaces (80% of the game)*Useless relics that give non important boost to stats and dress a dead librarian for NO PURPOSE*Useless turrent machines once hacked*Turrents that dont attack xenos*Ugly looking hybrids*""variety"" of genestealers... white bearded and black non bearded.*Stupid function of weapon jamming wich ♥♥♥♥s up your already ♥♥♥♥ed up weapon system*Delay on release to deliver even MORE PROBLEMS on gameplay than in BETA*Frame drops at the middle of a horde attack, when walking after a horde attack , when beggining missions...*JUST 3 TERMINATORS AND NOT 5 MEMBERS TEAM for single player mode*Crippled Multiplayer wich dissconects quite often*HORRENDOUS ending for the campaign literally NOTHING, not even the grace of using a psygate.*Selling this for preorder and delivering such a mess after a delay.*Bringing shame to the Universe of 40K i guess u didn't learned from the experience on BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT!?*Terrible autoaim tracking wich has you shooting every single obstacle between you and your enemies.*SO FEW AND BAD DIALOGUE, hell there's better dialogue on freacking REGICIDE :/Edited on the 18th of December:My original review had a recommendation, now despite all the fun i won't recommend this game due to such poor optimization and much more fps drops after the first 3lvls.*The further you go in the game the more fps drops you'll experience, i'm probably having 1 every 10 mins in the game, maybe due to optimization?.*I've had 1 CTD*As other mention the collectibles are of no use to youn apart from stats bump, wich is a HUGE letdown*Multiplayer has many discconects*Many enemies stick to each other on spawns wich undermine the diff.*Make Barachiel and Nahum controlls separate or at least orientation controlled too where you need them to, like on the RTS's, i freacking tell them to move to an area and they look at me and not the enemy until they get clawed.Recomendations:1)Make collectable models available for use in game at least as skins for your current weapons.2)Optimize quickly,you'll lose many players if the game is left like this:I was about to gift this game to my brother and a friend, now i won't cuz it's bad enough that i'mtrying to enjoy this through so many drops and glitches.3)Give the Apothecary some other options for fireweapo or at least the other ammo types for hisbolter.I think the game is fantastic graphically and also pretty decent story wise so far but man the AI and drops are taking away much of the fun, and it's not gonna the L4D experience to replay with so many letdown's AND IT COULD BE!Also...SPOILER(sort of)Will i get more than 2 squad members to acompany my librarian at some point in single player!?16th of December:I'm loving this game despite many small bugs... after that release delay, but seriously i hope devs are able to fix them soon enough because it's really amazingly fun and a marvel to explore, i think no other game in the Franchise Universe has delivered such a good  team experience.As many other user say it's still a gem in the rough. with so much potential and it's been improving since Beta.As of now 16 of December just three main bugs cripple somehow my Single player experience:*glitchy shadows on the 4th lvl most noticable*Weapons Loadout reset almost every time i hack any turrent, going back to the ones i used on the previous lvl.*Hacked turrents should have automatic functions.Regarding the performance issue:Most of the time mine runs like a breeze, prob 4 drops that last about 1 sec or 2 on every lvl so far.My specs are:i7 479016 GB DDR3 Ram 2400MhzR9 390 NitroRunning it from a HDD at 7,200rpm.1080p Ultra Settings."
76561198006519607,Recommended,298900,28415174,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,chezawitz,Getting better.. still could use more multi player weapon/wargear options and new maps/missions
,Not Recommended,298900,28366971,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RedBull,"This is a game based on the board game Space Hulk set in the Warhammer 40k universe. This game does follow some of the original rules of the Space Hulk game but set in  a first person action game rather than turn based. If you can deal with the techical problems i would recommend this game if you are a Warhammer fan.The game takes place inside space ships infested with Gene stealers and choas dwellers just like the board game and you are able to pick between 4 classes of terminators and 1 librarian where you can use weapons from the original game and some new additions.The gameplay keeps you on edge when you go through the hive infested corridors of the space hulk.The game suffers from some techicall difficulties that may crash your game in online play. I assume these bugs will be sorted out soon.Pros:Challenging game even on medium difficulty.Good atmosphere, correct for the theme.The game makes you feel like you are a terminator.Cons:Game has techicall issues that may cause a crash during gameplay.Game suffers from some poor optimization.Some users such as myself have problems with long loading times. (Even on a SSD)"
76561197982284464,Not Recommended,298900,28368602,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,K1ngz,Nope chageing my Review yet again as the Single player works but still Crashed on Mulitplayer and cant get in so i puty foward my refund request as im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that i pre orded a broken game
76561198030649462,Recommended,298900,28380623,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lazydrones,"Re-review: Definitely far more stable than it was at release and its a good time for the most part. It is a very linear shooter with some ""detours"" to get you to the next segment but it doesnt offer much in the way of variation. Its a nice looking game to boot with some pretty decent visuals and the environment definitely feels 40k spacey. You start every chapter back at lvl 1, grinding everything anew however, you can opt for codex rules which unlocks everything but you are locked into that role / equipment choice and are unable to change anything mid game.For the most part, its a fun shooter its just very bland by way of variety. It looks nice and the atmosphere can get a bit tense. Tyranid war never changes. GW's WH:40K is getting closer to a great shooter all they need to do next is add in some actual persistent customization for their games and they might have a successful recipe for a very good game."
76561198001713483,Not Recommended,298900,28386114,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Doug{><}TA,"Constant crashing when opening inventory, causes all players to lose connection and chapter has to be restarted from scratch."
,Not Recommended,298900,28387397,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Meowmix,"""This Space Hulk has been around since the Age of Heresy""OH WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!First 5 mins in find a purity seal with the Inquisition seal on it.HA! The Inquisition hadn't yet formed in 30K!I need a lifeSeriously though this game is fun but it has serious issues. The worst in my opinion is auto save not working. Like seriously? Get to the end of a mission and have to do it all again, not from where you left off, but right at the start.Jeeze you'd think they could get that right AT LEAST."
76561197985727920,Recommended,298900,28416187,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,thrasymacus,"I said I would update and here it is;  Very much improved.  About 6 hours of mostly glitch free play, no crashes or drops, smooth functioning everything.  Multiplayer now works.  Some minor issues with objectives not showing up, but they are still around and another player has always known where to go next so I just follow them.  Load screens breezing by as well.Very fun, really enjoying the game.  Good Job DEVS!  Way to turn it around, and in a short time too."
,Not Recommended,298900,28382081,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MR704D,"UPDATE: I've played, or attempted to play multiplayer. Each game ended in a dropped connection and there were moments where everything appeared to be frozen. I can't recommend this game. If/when the bugs are dealt with, I'll come back and update my review.As of this review, I've completed Mission 1 on singleplayer. So far, the game has been very enjoyable for me. Do you have to be into the Warhammer universe to enjoy the experience? Not exactly. However, you do need to understand that this isn't Call of Duty, nor is it Left 4 Dead. The pace is closer to that of a horror survival game, at least during the first mission.The action does get intense. There's also a bit of strategy in commanding your marines and also locking/unlocking specific doors.Pros...- Excellent atmosphere- Overall sound design is very good- Great artwork and attention to detailCons...- Framerate drops here and there- Voices can get repetitive- Loading times are longAs this is fresh out of the gate, I'm sure the cons will be addressed in the near future. I'm looking forward to playing more on singeplayer and checking out multiplayer.Overall, I recommend picking this up. I'm sure there will also be some decent DLC at some point. Perhaps even different multiplayer modes. This is a good start!"
76561198015592827,Recommended,298900,28365602,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Revenant,"REVIEW UPDATED 12/21/16Space Hulk has a lot of fun highs, a few middling issues, and a lot of glaring bugs that bring down what is arguably one of the better platforms for showcasing the atmosphere and style of the 40k setting. Single player can be fun but it's only going to be run once or twice before it doesn't have enough draw to keep players going except for picking it up every few months. Multiplayer is going to die fast due to the rampant bugs and performance issues.  It's fun while it lasts and I'm extremely happy for it and hope we get a sequel/more games in this vein, it could be superbly fantastic. You just need a much bigger Thunder Hammer to squash the bugs in the shadow of the warp coding, and the laughable one week open beta then 2 weeks till launch with the amount of problems it had wasn't really helping. I'm tagging this on steam as recommended as long as you temper your expectations past single player, and even then need to be patient with the bugs popping up to get through the wonderfully detailed levels and hallways. If you aren't sure, pick it up on sale, but I enjoyed it enough to get through the single player even if I'll never probably touch multiplayer again...which is sad because it has so much potential.OLD REVIEW UPON RELEASE=======+++++ Cryo Sequence Initiated +++++========Good to know it still takes over a century to load games, may want to steer clear until some more of the bugs get worked out as performance can take a massive hit in addition to multiple disconnects once you finally actually get into a map (or just the game itself, took almost 5 minutes to load for some reason.) They were supposed to ""fix"" these issues after a single week beta that was a week and a half before it's official launch. Game released too early I'd say.*EDIT* So after having more time with release now my review doesn't really change much.Pros:It looks and feels wonderful at least when it comes to the detail on the Terminator suits. The environments also look amazing as well but some think it's marred by the forced film grain, I think it's to cover a bit of texture/model roughness. It's definitely atmospheric and feels like the Warhammer 40k universe.Cons:In the first two hours of gaming alone I encounted the bug where you cannot fire, interact, or use abilities without leaving game and coming back in. This can also trigger another bug that removes your abilities but allows you to fire forcing another rejoin. I had two friends with me experience the same thing in these two hours but once per person instead of the twice it happened to me. Both times (one overlapped with a buddy having the bug,) wiped us and we had to restart anew.Further exacerbating the problem is the insanely long load times I experience when attempting to start the game or load back to the main menu. This made playing more of a chore because everyone had to wait on me multiple times. Thankfully I have my own community and didn't pug anything because that probably wouldn't fly.We also experienced multiple disconnects. Many of these issues were stated to be fixed after the beta...but they've seemingly only gotten worse for me and a few others."
76561197968726109,Recommended,298900,28381524,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hamerwolf,"This review has been updated below.So the very first thing you should notice about this review is my time played.  At the time I am writing this it is currently sitting at 54 minutes.  How can you write a review with only 54 minutes of play time you ask?  Great question. Really I'd be asking it too.  The game is unplayable for me.  I cannot get past the first chapter because of a bug that drops the frame rate to about 8 seconds per frame (no that's not a typo).  I say bug because regardless of graphical settings this happens.  On the positive side, the game is beautiful and the audio is excellent.  Unfortunately the buck stops about 5 minutes in for me.  At this point I cannot recommend this game.  I will update this review hopefully within the next few days and change my thumbs down to a thumbs up.  But right now stay away until they patch these issues.UPDATE: I attempted all of the trouble shooting steps on their tech support post.  This did not help.  II ran intot he same problem in the same hall on the first chapter.  First hallway on the right on the upper deck once you exit the torpedo.  My thumbs down remains.UPDATE 2: So browsing the forums on the actual website the devs have posted a work around for the problems I faced in the first chapter.  This bug is audio related and will be addressed in the first patch, according to the devs.  Unfortunately you must disable all audio devices and beat the first chapter essentially deaf.  Once you do, however, you can reactivate all audio devices and play.  So I am switching my recommendation from a thumbs down to a thumbs up.  Thanks to the devs for communicating with the community.  Something that is unfortunately lacking these days from devs big and small."
76561197970089263,Recommended,298900,32444778,Posted: 15 June,all,Synnister,"Great game, graphically beautiful.  Sure it's got some minor irritations, like long loading times, but at sale price of 40% off, I think it's a bargain.  I bought this and refunded it on release, but with the vast improvements Im glad I decided to buy it again."
76561198036160294,Recommended,298900,32454367,Posted: 15 June,all,Blitzkrieg_HOSS,"Definitely needs some more polish, but it's pretty fun as long as you don't pay $40 for it."
,Recommended,298900,32455429,Posted: 15 June,all,JD,"great game, definitely one to play with friends, the single player is alright, I really enjoyed reading all available items and listening to all of the audio, it reminded me of DS'1-3 in a sense. i would recommend to play it with friends :)"
,Recommended,298900,32422962,Posted: 14 June,all,Semicirclesammy,The game is fun for a while but gets old quick.It needs in-game voice chat and I feel a more updated Main menu.However.It is EXTREMELY CHILL AND FUN late at night with friends just walking through the Space Hulk.
,Recommended,298900,32491244,Posted: 16 June,all,Skele-Cunt III,"MORE BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GODS! MORE STORY AND ATMOSPHERE THEN YOU CAN BEHOLD! EVEN MORE BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GODS!10/10Overall a very graphic and awe inspiring experience, It's a light in the dark of modern games and It's a quality game from a pretty small group; Not indie devs, but not AAA either, It beats both of those catagories in flying colors though as far as content is concerned. Also Free DLC, so yeah the devs care about this art piece more then making money"
76561198029220939,Recommended,298900,32491862,Posted: 16 June,all,t3hcynic,"Nowhere near $40 of content for this game, but I'm having a lot of fun cleansing Xenos scum from a Space Hulk."
,Recommended,298900,32485301,Posted: 16 June,all,Herald of ruin,"DEATHWING IS GOOD NOWPriceI have bought game for 23,99 € and I think it is worth this priceRequirementsI'm playing on laptop:Intel i5 6300HQ 2,3 GHzNvidia GTX 960 4GB8GB RAMSh**ty hard discWin 10On this config game automaticly set up at medium graphic setting and FULL HD 1080p.Gameplay is fluent, there is no glitches, FPS is 29 - 35. Graphic looks very nice and detailed. Somehow it reminds me Crysis, but also Doom 4. Actually I think on Ultra details this game might look as good as Doom 4, if not better.About reported crashes, performance drops, and graphic bugs, well for now I don't have any. If I will, then review will be updated.GameplayThere are explosions of bolter rounds, just someties it's covered by blood splashes. Movement is very good, you can't be blocked by others while playing, 99% if it looks like you can go there, you can go there. Environement is not fully destructible, but there are exploding barrels, and 3 types of walls you can destroy. Sometimes you can also destroy a doors. Weapons looks nice, maybe recoil of Assault Cannon is a bit too big, but from the other hand, the weapon is powerful, so does the recoil should be.About complaints that playing a termie don't let you feel like a walking tank. First, it is not Dreadnought, terminators in 7th ed as I rememberd had only 1 point better wound saves than common space marine. Second, it might be that some people overestimate their skills? If you play hard, then don't cry you died. Wanna feel like Emperor's Choosen? Thats why you got easy mode for! Also, termies when encounter shooting enemy alwasy tell you what is going on you. Krak missiles, heavy stubber, rocket launcher... none of this can kill terminator in one hit, neither on tabletop, nor in Deathwing. Yeah, but it can hurt, and when you got too many wounds... well death in the Emperors service is the most honourable for the sons of Lion.Climate is also good, it really feels grimdark, sometimes scary, sometimes gore, all the time, just right.OverallGame is definitely worth, to be bought for 24 €.Is it worht to be bought for 40 €? On current stage of development, yes but only for Warhammer fans. Yet in future, when drop system will be added and we will all be able to make our own, long dreamed warrior of the Emperor with unique powerfull eq, who knows? Also, despite the fact, that Dark Angels are my favourite chapter I hope there will be DLC with other chapters."
76561197988563831,Recommended,298900,32518324,Posted: 17 June,all,LeakySandwich,"Atmospheric and viceral.Yes it's not perfect, but damn it is fun!"
76561198050480996,Recommended,298900,28367987,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nakor,"17.06.2017:After quite a lot of updates this game has gotten a lot better (perfomance, crashes, KI, etc), though I still don't think they got the feel of walking and shooting in terminator armor right. The warhammer theme is undoubtly what carries this game and if you have a friend which whom you can play together this game has become quite fun.Also there still is a player base and a promise for further updates and since they have updated it regularly till now, they propably will continue to do so.-------------------------------Terminators are basically walking tanks with weapons which even space marines couldn't carry. Sadly, moving around feels no different from walking and running in an average shooter. The weapons don't feel any different from an ordinary machine gun and the KI, both friendly and hostile, is disappointing."
76561198023238266,Recommended,298900,32690622,Posted: 23 June,all,Gwynn Bleid,"I have to admit I was a little sceptical when I approached this title, but now I am loving it (I didn't finish the game yet). I am a huge WH40K fan, but I think people who know nothing about WH40K should enjoy this title as well. It is fun, climactic and so beautifully designed. Give it a try."
,Recommended,298900,28400933,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The God Ghetto Holy,"Updating review now that the game is playable. It previously was too buggy and under performing to even fight ONE enemy. Now the devs fixed all that.After major patches and getting a new system, the game runs smooth now. It is far better than it was when first released, and it's rather good for a take on Space Hulk. The squad members and missions are straight forward, but that's how 40K is. Run in, kill things, scream ""FOR THE EMPRAH"" and watch all the gore unfold.For those who don't know, Space Hulk is a turn based game where you walk around ships accomplishing simple objectives while Gene Stealers rip you apart. So having that turned into a real-time game in First Person Shooter view is a treat for many of us.You level up with points for doing well on missions. You pick load-outs, unlock weapons, and get talent points. You command two battle brothers who go in with you and get comm missions you need to do as Tyranids pop out of everywhere. I only got through a couple chapters but so far so good!I'm glad the devs went back and made it playable."
,Recommended,298900,28404054,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,CaptainCheesePuff,Meh its ok
76561198168837410,Recommended,298900,32601993,Posted: 20 June,all,GetSomeBaby,"""Repent! For tomorrow you die!"" ""A moment of Laxity spawns a lifetime of Heresy!"""
76561198033218465,Recommended,298900,32673691,Posted: 23 June,all,Epic Ganja Man,This game seems fun but I've ran into so many bugs so far that it's not worth playing. It really needs work. Give it some time.
76561198271832967,Recommended,298900,29069520,Posted: 6 January,all,Arjuna,"game has been optimized  getting better fps now. Tyranids dont get stuck in the ground and spawn at random places but they are still very repetitive, though the game does not feel like a chore anymore. New enemy types and executions on larger foes would really improve the experience and  a better ending to the story mode with some cgi or a really big tyranid and some cgi clips."
,Recommended,298900,29030196,Posted: 5 January,all,Kitsune,"EDIT: mutiplayer is fixed in the beta patch you able to quickly find a match through the appropate button.EDIT: 2 i have to hand it to the devs though its release was a disaster they are constantly adding new content and fixes to improve the game.single player is decent, everthing looks feels like space hulk (asside from the clunky ai teammates can break immersion).yeah its almost like l4d but people tend to forget thats how the origonal tabletop version (released in 1989) played out. a team of mariens navigated narrow corridors being constantly assaulted by hordes, and the latest edition stays true to the concept.if your into the 40k lore you will enjoy the detailed maps. eg: i allways wondered about how black ships transported psykers.i played it on a alienware 15 lappy (2016 8gig model), never had a crash or frame rate problems that other had been claiming. (issues have been fixed it patches)"
76561197963345526,Recommended,298900,28902323,Posted: 1 January,all,COL Nathan R. Jessup,Update2Streum have made a lot of improvements to the original release and it is now a very different game. Could easily recommend it now as a lot of fun playing.UpdateGiven the lack of major updates addressing the known issues 6+ weeks post release I can't continue to recommend this game.OriginalFlawed gem for W40K fans that needs some further polish before it's a solid 8 for an indie L4D type game. The game has worked well for me since day 1 release and I've enjoyed it. I'd still like to see improvements to multiplayer to make it more engaging and enjoyable. If they invest effort in polish it will be worth playing through again in SP as well.
,Recommended,298900,33772400,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr.Yellow,Runs a bit jank at times but is a surprisingly fun adventure and I'm glad I bought it in spite of the reviews to the contrary.
76561197973490554,Recommended,298900,33730882,Posted: 22 July,all,xsvenom,"Great graphics, creepy. So far I like playin it single player. Have not tried online yet. This is a keeper, I wont ask for a refund."
76561198116008566,Recommended,298900,33733956,Posted: 22 July,all,Nerova,Pros:Solid gameplayBeautiful interiorsBlood and goreGreat graphicsCaptures the spirit of 40k very wellCons:Occasional frame drops with swarmsCan have somewhat long load timesMinor graphical glitches that normally fix themselves8/10
,Recommended,298900,33733367,Posted: 22 July,all,No Reason,"It could be my blood tinted 40k glasses but I found this game a lot more fun than everyone else is making it out to be, I have not played the multiplayer yet, but so far I find the missions and tech heresy fun if not a little collect-a-thony."
,Recommended,298900,28387867,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GalYurr,"Much better now than at launch; still some FPS problems in combat, but playable, and hopefully will be smoothed out with further patches towards/after the ultimate edition/PS4 release."
76561198192716381,Recommended,298900,33029857,Posted: 30 June,all,Will Scarlett,"Updated after the numerous patches 24/7/17.What a waste of a great IP giving it to a sub par studio, Performance is still terrible and nothing to do after the very few canned missions there is leads to a dead game.Don`t believe all the hype about the random NG+ missions, It`s all still the same as before. Smoke and mirrors from a very shady developer who offer nothing of any value to the NG+ crowd.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Post 22 July 17Ok so again a studio has actually taken their less than perfect product, Worked on it for a few more months and what do you know that hard work, extra time and the feedback of the fans has paid off.It`s still not perfect, But now we have a new class, Balances and replayability with random level content and encounters. Note the maps do not change this is not Diablo like but the in map events are now randomized which is a big step in the right direction to extend the life of this otherwise short game.Keep at it Devs, Your doing well. I just wonder why this way pushed out so early it`s now clear with more time and  the funding that early release gave you guys you built a solid game that is only getting better."
76561197962397576,Recommended,298900,33769003,Posted: 24 July,all,Tony Yorkshire,"Dark rooms whispered conversations big men wearing fancy dress pretending to be a wizard/Dragon/space marine!! must be every ""Role player/wargamer"" i have ever meet !!.(And yes they all needed a job!!)Game is good:)Tony Yorkshire:)"
76561198116617627,Recommended,298900,28404319,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Duranakin,"If you're a fan of Warhammer this is a pretty good team based crawl through an onslaught of critters. It's clearly made by people who love the universe and the devs are constantly fixing issues and releasing new content. Sure it's not perfect but its a tense, hard fight and its fun, especially with friends."
,Recommended,298900,33739640,Posted: 23 July,all,SpitfireMK461,"Beautiful game that looks and sounds just as WH40k should.  Runs pretty well, could maybe use more optimization.  Developers seem to be regularly releasing patches and free content updates."
76561197970524761,Recommended,298900,33757346,Posted: 23 July,all,d0rian,seems ok to to me.great visuals.   very spacehulk. not dissapointed.controls are a bit odd. seems like PC was a guniea pig for the consols?Wished multiplayer was better for pickup teams.  Unless you have friends to play MP its gonna get old quick with random people.
,Recommended,298900,33758051,Posted: 23 July,all,{F13}khorne berzerker,fun left 4 dead copy with a 40 skin
76561198049578598,Recommended,298900,28367944,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Brother Deimos,"Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.EDIT: After months of hard work, the game is so much improved I had to change my review to positive. As of now the full Enhanced Edition update is not yet released (for free) but the existing and added content is so much more enjoyable with improved performance and adjusted combat. Honestly it is extremely atmospheric and the visual representation of WH40K is the best out there, hands down. You'll probably have never seen such detailed, thoughtful and impressive art assets of the 40K setting ever.The devs seem to be a bunch of fantatic obsessive perfectionists which got triggered with all the critical feedback they got on release and are working their a**es of to get the game where the community and they themselves want it to be. Huge thumbs up to you guys, I love that you didn't let this beat you down. I'm impressed by your dedicated tenacity in this matter. Keep it up."
,Recommended,298900,30541150,Posted: 16 March,all,-TST- Angeleon,"Originally I left a bad review and refunded the game on release, due to optimization/glitches.After the latest patches however, Im running it at a smooth 60 fps on Maximum settingsThe new chaplain class is amazing, as well as Heavy Flames in multiplayer, and several new Special Missions.The developer's dedication to this game shows, and that's why I changed my review to positive and re-purchased the game.Skulls for the Skulls throne!"
,Recommended,298900,34470075,Posted: 24 August,all,TurtlePlayz,The game 40k fans have deep down allways wanted im so happy to have played this title so many games like eternal crusade just become bullet sponge wars for once i feel the power the weight and strength that ive allways craved in games like this the powerful terminator armour makes you feel invulnerable at times but slow and heavy i only wish they would put so much detail into a war game like battlefeild with dreadnaughts eldar tau necron ork chaos ect and give the scale and power the awesome world of wharhammer deserves in a digital title
76561198098732823,Recommended,298900,34079518,Posted: 7 August,all,Kenny,"Great Game! Fianlly! was not great when first releashed due to game play braking bugs. But they have been fix and it is now a Fantastic game offing a unquie expirence as a FPS. Recomend to any one how likes shooting hords of enemies with friends. Still wish the co-op campaign was exactlty like  single player champain and NPC bots could fill in gaps in a squad with freinds but that nit picking. Really good game, Solid game play"
76561197962347475,Recommended,298900,34074806,Posted: 6 August,all,[IHoP]Taz,"I'm see many mixed reviews out there but for me, this is one of my all time favorite games.  I'm not a huge WH40K fan but I've enjoyed a few of their games over the years.  I don't know wnough about the WH40K world to know the history of what a Space Hulk is or why I care about the emperor or any of the other genre specific details.To me, this game feels like an amazing mix of some of my favorites from the last 30+ years of playing games.  It packs a mix of the fear from Alien vs. Predator, the multiplayer team work of marines vs aliens from Natural Selection, the walking tank feel from Mech Warrior, being swarmed by enemies like the original doom, the squad based game play with different classes from Battlefield, etc.  I've reached a time in gaming where I enjoy the teamwork and playing a game with my friends to achieve a common goal vs trying to kill other players which is why I now prefer Co-Op games.  Deathwing is one of the first games that brings all of these things together and does it with a level of polish I find amazing even with the occasional bug.  Oh and I almost forgot to mention the graphics and the atmosphere... this is one of the most visually stunning games I've ever seen and the style is superb.It's been many years since I played a game that hooked me and Deathwing has and I am looking forward to seeing the new improvements as they continue developing this game."
,Recommended,298900,34093098,Posted: 7 August,all,Esperon,Installed after they had time to patch things up. From what I heard it was originally very buggy. A good experience now.
,Recommended,298900,34088342,Posted: 7 August,all,Grendelrt,Game was a mess at launch but the dev has really stuck with it and continuously improved the game and added content. This game has some of the best envrionments I have ever scene for a WH40K universe game. Art and graphics are amazing. Looking forward to the multiplayer progression system coming this fall.
76561198131181975,Recommended,298900,28397194,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Highlvlpilot,"Very nice game for the average or higher class warhammer 40k fan but doesnt run great, give it maybe a month and come buy it then and it should be fixed.(An update on the 10th of march was released fixing alot of tech problems would now recommemd :D)"
76561198014577646,Recommended,298900,28368477,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gustafssonz,"Alot have been fixed, it's a good game now!"
76561198086431169,Recommended,298900,34846513,Posted: 9 September,all,Zach,"A fan of the 40k universe here, still play DOW:Soul Storm Ultimate Apocalypse and am indulged in the expansive lore. This game might not be a triple A title, but for a 40k game it'll have to do, as there are  no other half decent 40k games out (DOWIII is trash)"
76561197987424114,Recommended,298900,28570768,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Barael,"*Changed my review*I bought it when it was originally released and it ran like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and returned it cause it was unoptimized unplayable garbage.I really like 40k stuff so when I heard they fixed it I gave it another shot.It runs great now. Just make sure to get it on sale.ProsGood graphicsFeels true to warhammer 40kSound design feels good and meaty as it shouldStory line is a short but goodYou feel like your wearing a massive suit of terminator armorYou feel like your shooting really big gunsLevel design is detailed and immersiveConsMultiplayer is a bit wonky with the lagGets repetitive quickDoing anything in the heat of the moment such as reloding, opening shutting or locking doors, or even using abilities feels very unresponsive at timesAll in all its pretty good for a short period of time but it feels nice while you play it. Think of it as a much more epic version of left 4 dead."
76561198006744934,Not Recommended,298900,28385195,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Nirvani,"First off, atmosphere and gameplay are great. However, and its a big however, this game badly needs a progression and customisation system. There is no sense of ownership of your character, and multiplay is currently just a meaningless blast through genestealer infested corridors, albeit a fun one.Unique helms and shoulder pads, custom color trims, purity seals, come on! Look at the lore, there is so much you can do with the game. I would say this game is still in beta stage and at this point I cannot recommend buying this."
76561197984413156,Recommended,298900,34883638,Posted: 11 September,all,Liteit,Purge xenos - 10\10 (singleplayer experience)
76561197999627397,Recommended,298900,28499329,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aklarath,After the initial game coming out and being quite hollow I have to say they have really improved upon it since then!Gameplay is fast and fun and really feels like your being swarmed.I recommend you bring a friend along though as that extra friend instead of ai will really make the game more fun.
76561198313085620,Recommended,298900,34962786,Posted: 14 September,all,skidmad,Much better after the last update..Keep progress dude8/10
76561197988535793,Recommended,298900,35052403,Posted: 18 September,all,Evil Dr Wang,"Beautifull maps, creepy and terrifying.  As you lumber along in your massive terminator armor.  You know you're being stalked and should move quietly but can't.  The abandoned ship wreaks creak and groan after floating in space for aeons.One on one you can destroy any of them, but their sheer numbers and the impending swarm has you looking over your shoulder and jumping at the shadows.Great environments and really captures the look and feel of a Space Hulk game.  Knowing a bit about the Warhammer 40k universe helps.Hope to see an expansion, map tools or other ways of extending the game in the future."
76561198007491815,Recommended,298900,35101714,Posted: 21 September,all,danielbarneysmith,"Its a great game.  For starters, they absolutley nailed the environments. Its gorgeous, towering gothic architecture, and narrow space-hulk tunnels.  Its top notch.  And there is a real weight to the terminators.  You feel like a true plodding death dealing machine.Its fun as hell splatting genestealers, and hearing light-arms ping of your giant termy armour.  I would say the weapons are not ideal. For range, once you get to the Plasma gun,  its just sooo much better than the rest. And all the close combat weapons seem next to useless in my experience.I love the use of the teleport, so that you can re-arm and re-enter the fray.  Its law friendly, and really enhances gameplay.. Can you make it without having to teleport? I had to ration mine out.Great game, alot of fun.  I had some clipping issues, in one level one of my brothers got stuck in a gantry. But can always respawn via teleport, so no biggy.  Really love the environs, well done.  Definitely worth it if you're a 40k fan, and want a FPS you can drop into for 30mins-1 hour.Haven't completed campagin yet, but its engaging.Recommended"
,Recommended,298900,35133891,Posted: 22 September,all,BONGTANA,"Perfect 40k asthetic. New content and tweaks added pretty regularly keep it fresh and promising for the future.40,000 years into the future."
,Recommended,298900,35116924,Posted: 21 September,all,Fireal -LASH-,"Great game, so much potential to go further....miles further.The hard part is done, keep up the work developers with some more polish and content you have a classic here."
,Recommended,298900,34983530,Posted: 15 September,all,Really_Nice_Guy,"The game appears to have come a long way since the early comments on how poor it was performing. The multiplayer is enjoyable, though lacking one key aspect, no character development or gear gain opportunity. If the mulitplayer were similar to that of Vermtide I think a lot more people would get involved. Overall, a nicely polished game that I am enjoying, the graphics are great, game play is smooth and the genestealers and dark corridors make for a creepy yet fun experience."
76561197984597692,Recommended,298900,35011130,Posted: 16 September,all,Jayples,"If like me you saw the bad reviews and decided to give this one a miss NOW IS THE TIME TO DIVE IN!Been very pleased with this game so far. Runs perfeclty smooth with all highest settings. Pretty decent gameplay too. Excells in coop, though the campaign has been enjoyable from what I've played solo too. Some of the ""boss"" aliens are a little bit OP in terms of the amount of firepower they can just soak up. But then, video game boses always were weren't they?A quality shooty/crawler game. Good fun in coop and in solo. Bug free (unless you count the nids :D) and runs great.Hope to see this  game's scores go up over time. Looks like the devs have made an effort to fix their game. That's worthy of recognition and I'd rather encourage them to give us more things to do in the 40K universe not that they've got it pretty much right."
,Recommended,298900,35012728,Posted: 16 September,all,✠ Scar ✠ -iwnl-,Is very good yes
76561198032876053,Recommended,298900,29501439,Posted: 26 January,all,Idlewildthing,EDIT*Game has improved a lot since I first put my review in. Still has some issues but by and large is a vast improvment from before. I'd probably only advise to get this on sale but most of the problems it had at the start havew been dealt with.
76561197997597194,Recommended,298900,28382724,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dr.killshot22,"Edit 5/23/2017eh it's fine now but the graphics look not as good...IDK but ya now it workson a side note.... maybe it's me but I this has no 1080p option.... only 900p...Edit 12/25/2016I waited for a patch...I don't know how but the AI got worse? some how?-My controls both the (keys and pad) stopped working for 20-30 sec. I could look around but that was it until the shooting action got locked, then after the reload went back to normal.-loading is long at times plus without the new NVIDA update I’d still be looking at 15 FPS or below (all settings). Now IDK if it was the update that fixed it or just restarting the game, again IDK.-The wheel command is WAY too sensitive, so in the thick of it healing can be a real pain. Plus... the AI can be dim sometimes... like locking themselves behind a door.-Controllers work… but they don’t. No UI for gamepads yet plus the “PAD” option in controls isn’t available either. So needed sensitivity changes can’t be done.I should also point out for some reason a corded 360 pad works better that an X1's… maybe just my rig IDK.Overall it’s pretty cool, it sucks the pre-order mace is total BS… but after some bug fixes this is out to be a really cool one. I just hope it’s not going to take a long time.Update 10/02/2017A lot of the problems before are now gone-Controllers have UI-AI is better, ext,extoverall not bad, not great but ya...not bad"
,Recommended,298900,35477987,Posted: 4 October,all,High Impact Sexual Violence,"actually a fun game, better with friends, but nothing beats toarching xenos with a flamer"
76561197986275366,Recommended,298900,35494397,Posted: 5 October,all,FoxClaw,"Loving it, great Horror-Survival-WH40K mashup that still makes you feel powerful as well as fragile."
76561198010690535,Recommended,298900,35500461,Posted: 5 October,all,Althéos,"One of the best representations of the bleak, pseudo-Christian environments in 40k, with twisting corridors and threatening shadows. If you're a die-hard W40K fan like I am and you have a machine which can handle the maxed-out graphics of this game - this is a must. grab it."
,Recommended,298900,35469218,Posted: 4 October,all,DOUGHNUT182,"yeah, i probably prefer this over the majority of 40k games, but it's practically just L4D only less good, though it's probably more a step in the right direction to a good 40k game than most 40k games."
