user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,299030,11241132,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Amelia,"Some people enjoyed Duke Nukem 3D, some people were crazy about Doom, some other spent their time in Quake.I played Blood and stabbed my enemies with a Pitchfork. I ate their bleeding hearts to replenish health.I visited Dark Carnival and enjoyed every bloody attraction. I kicked Zombie's decapitated heads,'cause it's fun.And I rised from the grave.10/10 would dig myself out again."
,Not Recommended,299030,12635126,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,★ Mr Trillson ★,"Bloodis a masterpiece of a game. But this is just a lazyDOSBOXemulation. Not to even mention the fact thatAtarihas the source code and they are just to lazy to release it and allow the community to make proper ports. The game's soundtrack is also bugged and will not even play certain tracks. Controls are annoying to set up. The game also runs sluggish on modern sytems. To put the icing on the cake, to access the expansion pack content (Cryptic Passage), you must create a shortcut for it in the file folder! I recommend this game like all hell, but not the Steam version. If only they could've took theDuke Nukem 3DorShadow Warriorroute, those are proper ports. The GoG version is digitally packed better (shortcuts), but suffers some of the same issues.5/5 - OG game.1/5 - Lazy DOS Emulation.Note:Check out this launcher that will allow you to play Cryptic Passage and more! (Scroll down for English.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=287113746"
,Recommended,299030,11236491,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"I played and completed this game in the late 90s.  This is the best of the 90's build engine games.  Yes, even better than Duke Nukem 3D.  Excellent atmosphere, spooky music, cool weapons, nice enemies, and good gameplay.A must buy if you're interested in old school shooters.For more reviews, gaming news, and giveaways check out my curator page...http://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan"
76561198156151336,Recommended,299030,32556434,Posted: 18 June,all,wasabidog,"Blood is without a doubt a timeless classic, and one of the best and most challenging FPS games of all time, but sadly hasn't had the support it deserves, with this Steam version being a good example of this.----------------------------------------------------------------------PLAY THE GAME OUTSIDE OF STEAM IT'S MUCH BETTER THAT WAY----------------------------------------------------------------------The steam version is the vanilla DOSBox version, but with the soundtrack being butchered and the Cryptic passage expansion not being accessible by launching the game with Steam. You can just remove the soundtrack files from the Blood steam folder, but I like to play with BMouse and it's too much of a pain to get that working with Steam. Just download DOSBox 0.74, then hover over the One Unit Whole Blood section in your Steam library. Right click, properties, local files. Take all of the files in there (except for the soundtrack) make a folder called BLOOD in your local disk (C:), and put the files in there. Open DOSBox 0.74 and type in the command, MOUNT C C:\BLOOD. Hit enter. Next command will be either BLOOD or SETUP, Blood to straight up launch the game, and setup to configure the controls to your likeing. If you want to play Cryptic Passage, instead of typing BLOOD in the DOS promt, type CRYPTIC. Those are the basics of setting up Blood and playing it and its expansions through DOSBox, but there's more you should do that I don't have time explain. GET BMOUSE, it makes the mouslook good. Also learn how to edit DOSBox's CFG file so you can get better performance and also record gameplay. If you need help, just leave a comment and I can give you a walkthrough. On with the review!You take on the role of Caleb, a great shot, fast runner and strong swimmer. He's also the leader of an evil cult known as the Cabal. After the dark god Tchernabog kills all of your friends, and you, you awaken from your grave seeking revenge. Revenge that can only be paid in blood! Caleb is the definition of an anti hero. He's a bad guy only out for revenge, not to save anyone.If you've ever Shadowed some Warriors, Duked some Nukems or Doomed some twos you'll know what to expect. This is a product of it's time, so expect to be lost in vast sprawling levels, collecting keys, finding secrets and getting bum blasted by surprise monster closets. The locations you'll visit are some of the most varied you'll find in an FPS game, with detailed textures, sprites and interactive items, many being unique to each level. The locations feel believable in a strange way. You've never been to any place like them, but you just know places like it exist.Most of the levels are heavily inspired by horror movies, but mainly Evil Dead. You'll visit abandoned towns, train stations, carnivals, cathedrals, hotels, forrests, it really would take too long to list them all. Each level feels more or less connected, with you starting off where the previous level left off, adding to the continuous feel of your journey.This game is hard, and I mean get out hard. If you think you're an FPS expert, play Blood on well done, then we'll talk. Quicksaving is your best friend here, the levels are long, and if you don't know what you're doing you'll die enough to make Dark Souls blush. Is the challenge legitimate? Yes. If you know how to manage your resources and know how the enemies behave, you can get through this game start to finish on lightly broiled. If you don't, it's time you learn. I strongly suggest playing the game on well done, even for a first time playthrough. It's not always %100 fair on well done with blind knowledge, but the second time playthrough will be even more enjoyable, and you will get used to Blood's no none sense attitude, and that's not a bad thing. Experiences like Blood will help most gamers grow as players, in the best ways. After a while, everything just comes along naturally, saving health packs, quicksaving after a good fight or just the reaction times you'll need to get through this game. Trust me, in the end of it all, it's worth it.Blood packs some of the best weapons I've ever had the pleasure of using in an FPS game, and that's saying something. From tommy guns, to vodoo dolls all the way up to a napalm launcher, this game has weapons you won't forget, and I haven't even mentioned the dynamite yet. Each weapon serves a purpose, and that's killing whatever abomination in your way. The enemy roster in this game gives Doom two a run for its money. The sprite work is absolutely phenomenal, and breaths life into each enemy you face, not to mention the fantastic voice work by Stephan Weyte, who gives Caleb a real presence with his likeable attitude and off colour humer. The music is also a treat, with a full 13 track midi soundtrack. Each song fits each level accordingly, with chants, wispers and catchy tunes.TLDR, the game is fast, fun, challenging, great to look at and listen to, and oozing with creativity. You should buy it, it's FIVE DOLLARS which is highway robbery, even when it's not on a sale. Just a little bit of set up will be needed to get the game running properly, and if you need any help with that just comment and i'll try to lead you in the right direction. Truely a timeless classic.SOURCE PORT PLEASE"
,Recommended,299030,16551018,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,"Easily up there with the big name FPS games of the 90's, Blood: One Unit Whole Blood features fast, frantic gameplay, large, incredibly well designed non-linear levels filled to the brim with many enemies to blow to shreds and many secrets and easter eggs to uncover, awesome weapons and powerups, thick atmosphere, tons of gore, awesome visuals and an incredible art direction. This is pretty much all I want in an FPS game. Blood is somewhat similar to a mixture of Doom with it's  abstract/nightmarish feel, Duke 3D with it's level of interactivity and the original Shadow Warrior with it's detailed layouts with many cleverly hidden secrets.This is what I wish FPS games would return to, I simply don't get any kicks out of modern shooters of this era that claim to be 'oldschool' and 'back to the roots' - the design featured in Blood is what I consider to be a long lost and forgotten art amongst this industry. The difficulty provided by this game is also pretty intense, especially when playing on the second hardest - hardest difficuly. This includes 5 episodes, all of which are great, play completely differently and have a different mood from the last. The sound track is killer and adds a ton to the games atmosphere.One of the greatest shooters out there - would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys FPS the way it should be today.Note: I had to replace the outdated Dosbox files (0.73) with the latest version of Dosbox (0.74) to get this game running smoothly.BRILLIANT fix for performance, visual enhancements etc courtesy of my mate Agent Cooper ''find the configuration file named dosboxBlood in your Blood steam folder. Open it with notepad, search for the line that says output= and change it from whatever it is originally set to ""output=opengl"".'' Also allows the Steam Overlay to work ingame!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx0L1zPw3LU"
,Recommended,299030,11239223,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"Glad that Blood is finally on Steam. Well worth the price. It's a good classic for fans of DOOM, Duke Nukem, Heretic: Shadow of the Serpent Riders, etc.Edit:I know that my first review was a bit short on words, so here's a more in-depth review that will be brief, but definitely gives you more of an idea of what I thought on the game especially considering the people that probably weren't satisfied with my first review.So this game is definitely a game that is a satire on horror games and it's an early one at that. I don't like a lot of games from the 1990's, but this one will always hold a special place in my heart. When I do get in the mood to play games of this style (DOOM, Heretic: Shadow of the Serpent Riders, etc.) I  go to this game primarily because I thoroughly enjoy it's content and it's a game that you can spend hours on if you get into this type of game.Now I know that the pixelated graphics definitely aren't for most modern gamers, but they are for me. I enjoy the pixelated graphics and pixelated graphics have been overcome by this 3D world, but this is nostalgic and still timeless, in my opinon. If it weren't for the pixelated graphics it might even be a worse game as well.I would recommend buying this game because it is reasonably priced on Steam. I even have a physical copy of this game regardless of the fact that I bought it on here. It's really not that pricy on here and it would be worth a buy. I know it's not that popular and the community has probably died out, but it's worth your consideration.I'm a huge fan of retro games like this too, so this may be a biased review.At any rate, I would first recommend going and watching videos on this game to those of you who are more modern gamers who are used to ultra or high level graphics. That will definitely be a huge switch for you, but the controls are most certainly simplified and you will have to employ tactics that are more careful than before if you end up getting into higher difficulties of this game.Check this game out and have some fun with BLOOD."
,Recommended,299030,11297143,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ow stop,"Blood is a cult (literally) classic old-school FPS created by Monolith Software around the Doom / Duke3D era. It features fantastic graphics from the era, multiple (and sometimes comedic) references to music, poetry, books, movies, and even other videogames, a plethora of fun and unique weapons each with two different attacks (except the pitchfork), a strong line up of memorable levels like the Carnival and the Hedgemaze spanning 5 chapters, engaging and exciting enemies, and great midi music with modern (2004) remakes of each.For old-school FPS gamers who remember playing this back in 1998, this is a warm welcome.Unfortunately, Blood has to run through DOSBox. Don't let this dissuade you, it works fantastically, but there are a number of .cfg tweaks to get it to run completely properly.My two biggest and only gripes I have involve the music.1. From the untweaked version, the default music is the (in my opinion) inferior 2004 remakes of the original midi music.----1a. This is easily fixed by deleting the blood0#.ogg files in the main folder. This fix reverts the music back to the original midis.2. The music's volume cannot be lowered or turned off through BLOOD.CFG or the ingame options menu. Now if you enjoy the music, this shouldn't be a problem, but if you want your game to be a bit more quiet, you'd have to adjust the volume in Windows Volume control and raise the Sound Effects volume in game.Blood has been one of my favorite old-school FPSes for a very long time and I'm glad to see it and it's sequel finally land on Steam. While a couple of tweaks and fixes are neccessary, they should not sway your purchase negatively. Blood still runs flawlessly and contains hours and hours of fun. Now we just wait for Redneck Rampage to be added to Steam.10/10"
76561198055504019,Not Recommended,299030,12019793,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Frank,"Ok, here's the thing, this game is fantastic and i believe it's probably one of the best fps to come out in the 90s on DOS. I love this game to death but this steam version is not what it seems it would be. DON'T BUY THIS VERSION, it's just the original DOS version and it runs on DOSBOX 0.73. I wish i could recommend this game but i just can't do to this problem, the resolution is bad on new systems, the controls feel akward (especially when the control scheme is over 15 years old and isn't needed anymore), the mouse movement feels clunky and slow, and there are many other problems with this game. There may be people who argue with me that this version is good because it ""sticks to it's roots"" but honestly marketing the game as a redone version and it just being the original version is unacceptable. Also, you can't release a game in this state from the 90s and just not re-do it like Duke 3D, Doom, or Shadow Warrior (which were all redone and run fantasticly on new systems). You can also just got emulate this game for FREE; and it's the same exact game. It's too bad, this had to happen to one of my favorites. Honestly, i will try to play this game to my best ability, because it's so great, and if you don't want to listen to what i'm saying and buy it, then just be aware what you're buying into.I appreciate you reading and i hope this review will help you to think twice before you purchase this game on steam."
,Recommended,299030,16718230,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,"Nearly two decades after release, and Blood still remains perhaps the finest game Monolith Productions bestowed upon undeserving mankind - and, considering they produced many a fantastic and unique first person game, several of them being among my personal favourites - that is definitely telling something.Blood is a darkly humorous and often morbid, long and, even by 90s FPS standards, challenging journey.You'll fight your way through huge, thematically and visually extremely varied, highly atmospheric and intricately designed levels filled with references to (or sometimes directly based on) famous pieces of horror cinema and literature.Large arsenal of weapons is on player's disposal, ranging from your standard FPS pieces like shotgun and machine gun, to a pretty creative stuff like a can of hairspray used in conjunction with a lighter that turns your unfortunate enemies into pretty flames, to a voodoo doll and several different types of dynamite. Every single weapon is insanely fun and satisfying to use, in a way that is rarely seen today.This game is simply a must play for any at least semi-serious FPS fan. Blood's best qualities were untouched by time, and it is sure to satisfy anyone who likes a fun and challenging FPS. Blood is also a perfect example of that sheer creativity and quality of game design that is sadly all but gone from modern FPS games."
,Recommended,299030,27682444,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sam,Nominated for Most In Need Of A Redux!
,Recommended,299030,19390406,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TØXIN,"Blood is one hell of a great classic FPS game! Sadly, I did not play this until later on in my life, but still, this game rocks! I would have loved this game when I was a kid. This game mixes horror films and FPS greatness into one blended mixture of awesomeness. Please, do not judge this game on graphics, this is one hell of a fun game to play.The weapons are very creative! Instead of the traditional pistol you get with countless other shooters, it is replaced with a flare gun which you can satifyingly burn enemies with. Watching your foes run around screaming as their flesh melts off, priceless. That is only one of the kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons this game offers in it's large arsenal. This game also has alternative fire modes for each gun too making awesome weapons that much more brutal and satisfying.The MIDI soundtrack has some of the greatest tracks I have heard in a game. There is a non-MIDI CD soundtrack, I believe it is enabled by default, but I prefer the MIDI tracks. I find the CD soundtrack too slow and eventful to listen to while you are gunning down zombies and cultists. You can disable the CD tracks by removing the MP3 files (or WAV files, I can't remember) from the game's root directory.The level design is awesome. My favorite level is the haunted hotel level in Episode 2. It takes inspiration from The Shining as you can find Jack Nicholson's frozen body in a hedge maze. Also, you can find the infamous tub where that disgusting old hag was in. Not sure if that was a pro or con, but it is in the game. Not only does this level have references, but there are other references to other horror films found in other levels like Nightmare on Elm's Street, Friday the 13th, and the list goes on.Don't pass this game up, play it! NOW!"
,Recommended,299030,12743835,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bjorn Toulouse,Shoot axe weilding maniacs with a flare gun then play soccer with their heads.Playing this at 13 turned me into a psychopath for life.666/10
,Recommended,299030,12534923,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,௵ Rolfester,I LIVE AGAIN
76561197962076091,Recommended,299030,12342786,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,FrenziedRoach,"A gem from the original Doom, Duke Nukem and Heretic era (so expect old school play here)As I played through the first episode, I remembered everything I loved about the game.  The use of alternate fire modes which was pretty much unheard of in it's day, a few weapon types that are comletely unique to the game, set to a protaganist who's dark humour makes you smile while feeling oddly disturbed at the same time.The game is hard - as I said, we're talking old school here.  The game doesn't hand hold you one bit.  But if you can figure the weapons out along with their alternate fires, the gameplay is very satisfying.And finally, the 8 bit music.  Hard to believe, but this stuff is actually pretty good.  They hit that sweet spot where it sets the mood nicely and at times is deeply disturbing.  Rarely repetive or annoying.It's a steal at 5 bucks."
76561197978192450,Recommended,299030,11238310,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Mishka CSGOGEM.com,OMG Thank you so much Steam for giving us all Blood
,Recommended,299030,34206814,Posted: 12 August,all,King Mamba,"One of the best FPS games I have ever played!  If you are a fan of other Build engine games like Duke Nukem 3D (or retro FPS shooters in general), then there is a very good chance that you will enjoy this game as well!The story is pretty simple (but probably more interesting than the average FPS story)... it's about a 19th century gunslinger named Caleb who, with his girlfriend, joins an evil cult known as the Cabal.  Caleb and his girlfriend wind up reaching the highest ranks of the Cabal and become part of the elite group called “The Chosen.”  However, the sinister god that the cult worships, Tchernobog, decides to kill Caleb and the rest of “The Chosen"" members.  A few decades later, Caleb rises from his grave and exclaims, “I live... Again!” (one of several references to the classic Army of Darkness film).  From that point on, all Caleb cares about is seeking revenge on the dark god for betraying his followers, and Caleb is not hesitant on annihilating anything that crosses his path (whether it's harmless civilians or Tchernobog's army of evil creatures / armed cultists).Aside from Army of Darkness, there are a plethora of movie, book and song references to be found!  A reference to The Crow film can be found near the very beginning of the game (the main character in that film is murdered, but he later resurrects from his grave and wants revenge on his killers).  Most of the other references are based on horror films... a few obvious examples include The Shining, Friday the 13th, Dawn of the Dead, Nightmare on Elm Street etc.  E2M4 (which is heavily based on one of the films mentioned above) is one of my favorite levels!The level design in this game is really top-notch stuff!  In my opinion, this game easily has the best atmosphere out of Duke 3D and Shadow Warrior.  Mixed with creepy music, many of the levels are very macabre in nature, and the levels are varied.  You will need to shed blood in places like a funeral, moving train, carnival, ancient temple, lumber mill, hospital and many other cool locations.The most important thing in any FPS game is the gunplay, and the gunplay in Blood is extremely fun.  For one, the game has one of my favorite weapon sets in any FPS game!  How many games have things like a flare gun, spray can that acts as a flamethrower, three different types of dynamite, and magical weapons like a voodoo doll?!  There are a variety of ways to kill each enemy, and each weapon has its use.  Most of the weapons also have an alternate fire mode (not a very common feature among 90s FPS shooters), adding to the weapons versatility.And as you can expect from a game called Blood, there is a lot of blood and gore in this game, and it is a lot darker than Duke 3D.  So for you gorehounds, there is plenty of it to be seen in this game.  Caleb takes pleasure in watching his enemies scream in agony as they are being burnt to death, and Caleb will often laugh with a sadistic tone when he blows enemies up into bloody smithereens.  Nothing is more fun than entering a room filled with zombies and obliterating them all with dynamite or the Napalm launcher!The game is pretty challenging too if you play on Lightly Broiled (skill 3) difficulty, and extremely tough on Extra Crispy (skill 5) difficulty. For me personally, Lightly Broiled is the funnest difficulty to play on.  It's not easy, but it's also not too hard either.  There are a good amount of enemies to destroy, the enemies don't deal an insane amount of damage to you, and the enemies don't feel like bullet sponges (unlike on Extra Crispy).  If you are up for the major challenge and want to complete the game on Extra Crispy, I would recommend completing the game on an easier difficulty and learning where most of the secrets are located beforehand.There are also some pretty cool power-ups, such as Reflective Shots (deflects melee / firearm attacks onto the attacker) and Guns Akimbo (gives you the ability to dual wield certain weapons).Some very useful items in the game include the Boots of Jumping, which are extremely overpowered.  I am not sure if this was intended by the developers, but the Boots of Jumping not only gives you the ability to jump higher, but turning them on also makes you immune to fall damage and crush damage (in other words, you can't die from a crusher nor from a long fall when they are enabled).  They also refill to 100 after completing a level.  Pretty cool stuff.So in conclusion, if you are a fan of the horror genre and 90s FPS shooters, then you should definitely give this game a try (and be sure to give the source port called BloodGDX a try).  I don't think this will happen, but here is to hoping that a new Blood game comes out.  If we can get new games for Duke Nukem, Doom, Shadow Warrior, Rise of the Triad etc., then there is no reason why we shouldn't get a new Blood game."
,Not Recommended,299030,11485530,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Derboburba,"Blood is a classic, nothing else needs to be said about that.  You loved it for good reason back in 1998.  The religious horror setting really helped it to stand out among Duke Nukem and Shadow Warrior, two other games developed in the same engine.  It was obvious that with the porting of Duke Nukem and Shadow Warrior that retro FPS fans would be excited for a port of Blood.However, this is not a good port, it is just a lazy dosbox emulation.The game doesn't even let you play all of it's episodes that it comes with until you edit configuration files.  You also have to edit and mod just to get mouse look to work, to get the game to not suffer performance issues, to restore the music to its original format and prevent t from bugging out and looping, to get the Steam overlay to work, among other things.The worst part is that nobody can get the rights from Monolith to do anything with this property ever since they were bought out and gutted from the inside by Warner Bros, so we will probably never get an enhanced port that offers the basic modern features we have adjusted to, or at least one that doesn't have problems out the gate.I have spent several hours just trying to get this game set up the way I want and it won't work out for me, I'm done trying.  You shouldn't have to put in hours of work just to get a game to run the way you want it.It's like I took five dollars and burned it because I wanted to experience Blood again.Don't do what I or anyone else did, you might as well pirate the game and dump it into an emulator/engine that will actually let do what you want with ease.  The pain and effort to get to play this game might technically be worth it, but there is simply not enough that you can do to make this playable.And honestly, does anybody look back at the days of using your mouse to move and the arrow keys to turn fondly?"
76561197986971249,Recommended,299030,12269956,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jesse Fett The Iron Mandalorian,"This game is the epitome of perfection. The story, the awesome level designs, the pop culture references. The atmosphere is amazing, I am so happy to finally play this amazing game!"
76561198115760835,Recommended,299030,14491348,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ShadowReaper,"The horror themed first person shooter Blood by GT Interactive (now Atari) and Monolith, wasn’t exactly a “mainstream” hit, but it was an outstanding game nonetheless.  Blood has a sizeable cult following who is anxiously awaiting a reboot or continuation of some kind.  Overall the game is just a blast to play!  You have the honor of playing as Caleb, the main protagonist, who ranks up there with the coolest badasses since Duke Nukem.  The atmospheric levels do a great job of creeping you out during your adventures and the music in Blood is some of the best I have heard.  If you are a big horror movie/game fan, then this one is right up your alley! 9.0"
,Not Recommended,299030,23774257,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mister Chippy,"THIS GAME IS GREATTHE NEGATIVE REVIEW IS NOT BECAUSE THE GAME IS BADHowever the ""port"" is dogshit and just dosbox so, you know, it can't even manage to hit 30 fps let alone maintain it. I can't even manage to fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mouse problems the old build engine games had on this version."
,Recommended,299030,32987563,Posted: 29 June,all,.4.Real?.,Now this is a Game were a REMASTERD VERION would be SICK !!
,Not Recommended,299030,11974129,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Mr. Grimm,"i bought this game under the assumption that someone had taken the time to build a stable platform to run it on, like they did with the steam version of duke nukem. Blood is running solely on DOSBOX at its current state, and anyone who knows anything about the DOSBOX platform knows that it runs just as well as your toaster would if you were to try to play CRYSIS 2 ON IT. i feel that myself, and the rest of the steam community deserve a solid port of BLOOD onto a 64 bit OS. having any game you buy through steam running on dosbox is an insult to players with tenure in this community( I.E. people who have dumped a lot of money into the community). PLEASE PORT THIS GAME CORRECTLY. if you cant, then i believe a refund is in order, as i already have this same EXACT game on GOG, DOSBOX and ALL."
,Recommended,299030,33750681,Posted: 23 July,all,`w00f,Better than overwatch
,Recommended,299030,11313202,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kvaki,OH YES! This classic is finally on steam. I must of played hundreds of hours on this game years ago when this came game out. Hours of fun in single player and countless 100+ hours of multiplayer. I played Multiplayer on MPlayer gaming service. Was free and was really fun and easy to join in games. I was really good back in the day. I was in a few clans also! TC clan I rememeber! Clan matches was epic and multiplayer was amazing. I had the demo only so I only played the first campaign maps. I know them all by heart and my favorite mp level has to be the first level E1M1!!! Clan match galore on that map! I recently been playing multiplayer on Meltdown but that so patheticly buggy I stopped playing. Yang anyone?! This game is $5 and totally worth it. 5 campaigns and there are thousands of user maps for SP/Coop and MP around for hours of gameplay!1000 map pack here and epic map databasehttp://www.blood.freeminded.de/187mb!More maps/mods/etc herehttp://www.dukertcm.com/knowledge-base/downloads-rtcm/blood-addons/Multiplayer Yang supporthttp://yang-online.com/If you must... Meltdown Mutliplayerhttp://duke3donline.com/
,Recommended,299030,16691911,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Val,throwing dynamite around is actually a martial art
76561198031399368,Recommended,299030,23350139,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,gabriel3210,"¡The best FPS ever! Outstanding level design, superb atmosphere, great shooting mechanics, fast paced movement, great weapon variety and a few innovations like the secondary fire mode and akimbo weapon wielding. It's easily the most underrated shooter of it's era."
,Recommended,299030,34920257,Posted: 13 September,all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,"A criminally underrated FPS which rubbed soulders with its Build engine peers, Duke Nukem and Lo Wang. It's the Evil Dead and Hammer horror to Duke Nukem's Terminator and Predator and Lo Wang's Enter the Dragon"
,Recommended,299030,19068801,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BippoErnesti,"Blood: One Unit Whole Blood is a classic first-person shooter that, when correctly set up, will provide a hell of a good time. Most of the weapons are really fun to use and it's really satisfying to blast people with them. Those more experienced in games of this era will probably get more kick on higher difficulties as the game is pretty lenient on the ""Lighty Broiled"" difficulty level.Now, while the game itself is great shootybang funtimes, it has an awful habit of running terribly unless you change your settings just right, which will require some fiddling with the config files for DOSBox contained within the game folder.While the game itself shows five episodes, there is actually a sixth episode called Cryptic Passage that requires more config editing to run properly, which you should find instructions to on the Discussions page. It's got 10 new levels to bring the total in the game to 53 levels and, though not made by the same people, still have the same feel of the original episodes.Overall, I definitely recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,299030,11239247,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I played this game A LOT years ago and a little bit today. It hasn't changed. I still love it. Caleb the is an awesome player character with with frequent one liners. Better than Duke Nukem. The gameplay itself is pretty damn too. So yes I reccommend this game.(optional let's play video)http://youtu.be/lcuTm2s5U-kHow to make the controls better:A few things you will probably want to do to make the game more playable is to set up the controls like a modern FPS game i.e. WASD keys for movement instead of directional keys and enabling mouse control.You can change keyboard binding inside the actual game menu. So your going to want to change strafe left and right to 'A' and 'D'; 'E' or 'F' or whater to use action and so on. Change space to jump probably, Ctrl or C or whatever to crouch. If you repeatedly bind an action to a key I think it will clear unwanted controls (if you are using the in game menu). For example repeatedly binding space to jump will clear the 'A' key from jump so that you aren't jumping everytime time you strafe left. There doesn't seem to be a proper way to just unbind keys in the in game menu.You can also change keybindings in the setup program which is also the only way that I could see to change the mouse button binding which you will probably want to change. So to get in the  setup program for Blood. Find the One Unit Whole Blood folder in the steam/steamapps/common folder or wherever. Then drag setup.exe into the dosbox.exe icon. This will launch  the setup program which probably won't work if you try run without the dosbox emulator. In the setup program I rebound the right click to secondary (special attack or whatever it's called) instead of move forward, turned the the sensitivity and inverted mouse control. Just keep pressing escape when you are done to exit the setup and make sure you save by pressing 'y' when you are prompted. Launching the game from setup.exe might not work. Just restart the from steam after closing the setup and saving your changes.Okay so the game a few flaws which I will just warn you about. Actually I can only think one now other than the default controls, maybe I'll add more later. Sometime projectiles from your weapons will clip in objects when they should clearly go straight to your target. Basically I was firing at a Zombie point blank over a cash register but I hitting the cash register. You just have work around this sort of stuff.Go play it, it's only 5 bucks!!!!!!! (Oh yeah just when I first bought this game I think it may have been like $80 and we didn't even have a PC that could run it lol)Clickherefor more let’s play videos =)"
,Not Recommended,299030,14822759,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Elo Rosco,Best terror shooter ever... lazy DOSbox port.Why we can't have a decent port like Duke Nukem 3D? ...release at last the source code WB!
,Recommended,299030,31476087,Posted: 30 April,all,kajun,"you play as an undead cowboy with the voice of tonetta fighting his former employer, who happens to be a slavic demon, and the cult that worships him.10/10"
,Recommended,299030,11379331,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jesse McCree,"Honestly, I loved Duke Nukem 3D, I enjoyed Shadow Warrior, and Blood was a scary game for me when I was younger. Especially that f***ing ghost that screams at you with the scythe! But I had fun playing it nonetheless. This is pretty much how the games go:Duke Nukem 3D = Parody of Action movies and gamesShadow Warrior = Parody of Kung Fu and Fighting moviesBlood = Parody of Horror movies and gamesThat's just putting it simply. If you are a fan of the classic FPS games, then this is a definite MUST-BUY! The only complaint I have is that the game is the original and not a port. There is no multiplayer, and the game tends to glitch out graphically from time to time. Overall, it still brings back good memories and I enjoy playing it!"
,Recommended,299030,28397749,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,cyan0s1s,"Blood is a first person shooter that came out in the busy PC game market of 1997 and runs on a modified BUILD engine, the same engine that powered Duke Nukem 3D a year prior. While Duke3D was developed by 3D Realms Blood was being made by Q Studios, an independent dev funded by 3D Realms and originally by the working title 'Horror 3D'. Scheduled for release in early '97 Q Studios was acquired by Monolith Productions in late '96 and a press release not long after announced all the rights being sold to Monolith so 3D Realms could focus their efforts on Shadow Warrior, another FPS using a more advanced version of the BUILD engine, slated for release the same year. Where Duke3D paid homage to 80's and 90's action films and Shadow Warrior being an Oriental flavor of the same game, Blood would take its inspiration from horror films instead.The story in Blood is more fleshed out than other BUILD games, beginning with the legendary and ruthless gunslinger known as Caleb, the protagonist and effectively anti-hero of Blood. Born in Texas, he worked up his merciless reputation at the young age of seventeen in the late 1800's. One day Caleb discovered a woman named Ophelia, who had her homestead burnt to the ground by the Cabal after her husband tried to rescind, killing him and her young son in the process. Enraged and heartbroken, not at the Cabal, but blaming her spouse's foolish actions for the death of her child. Caleb being perplexed but intrigued would take the woman in and nurse her back to health. She would later become his lover, and the gateway to the underworld of the Cabal, a cult who worshipped the dark god Tchernobog, The One That Binds, aptly named for his binding of the realities in the known universe.Tchernobog's true age and origin are unknown, his original body having been destroyed long ago, forcing him to take control of another in order to fulfill his duties, thus the Cabal was born. He is a morally ambiguous entity who underwent numerous incarnations over the course of his existence. The earliest known was that of a Buddhist high priest, converting the Cabal into a religious regiment, practicing docile rituals of penance and self-control. But his latest incarnation was colored by that of a bitter and hateful man, who bent the Cabal towards the dark goal of world domination, acting as Tchernobog's personal army on earth. Tchernobog is now a more active force in the world, discarding the position of the Cabal leader in favor of direct influence over the cult himself, giving orders from his throne in the Hall of Epiphany. He would however select four in his ranks to become The Chosen, with Caleb and Ophelia being part of it, with the others being Ishmael and Gabriel. The Chosen were the Cabal's elite servants, as well as the highest generals in Tchernobog's army. Caleb was designated to be the leader of The Chosen, and to be selected as the next incarnation of Tchernobog himself if the need or opportunity ever arised.But for reasons unknown Tchernobog had deemed his Chosen as failures, casting them down and leaving their ill-fated destinies to Cheogh, ruler of gargoyles, Shial, mother of spiders, and Cerberus, a massive two-headed dog, who act as generals for Tchernobog's otherworldly army. Whereas the other Chosen were taken away by monsters, Caleb was confined into the tomb of a hallowed grave instead. Not content with staying dead, Caleb would rise again, in a body he no longer knows, and in a world he has grown to despise in the year 1928. Being a sarcastic man with a strong bent towards sadism, and with the love of his life being taken from him, his journey will be a bloody and vengeance-filled war against the Cabal, while hoping to learn the reason for his exile and seeking out the other Chosen, for with their combined power and strength can he hope to take on Tchernobog.Blood lives up to it's namesake, it's easily the bloodiest FPS in 1997. Enemies die in several violent ways, with zombies being decapitated and the player able to kick around their severed heads, to cultists and other humanoid enemies being set on fire and burning alive while they cry out in pain. Most outcomes result with over-the-top red showers and gibs galore that litter the ground, making Duke3D and even SW look tame by comparison. There's also other unique deaths that can be triggered with specific weapon types. Viscera aside there is also several enemies with their own special resistances and weaknesses to certain damage properties which you will have to learn in order to master combat.Gameplay is traditional for the era, in which you roam some thirty-odd levels, key-hunting and killing everything that gets in your way, all contained within the game's five episodes (six if you count the add-on Cryptic Passage). But like other BUILD engine titles what seperates Blood from the-then common Doom clone is the level of interactivity, realism and various gags in the game's levels. There is a host of pop culture references and easter eggs of the era that are still delightful to discover to this day and the maps all ooze with atmosphere and small details, with even the horror elements more fun than frightening.To make your life miserable there is a large and varied bestiary of semi-humans, ghouls and other things that go bump in the night that stay true to the game's themes. From nuisance enemies like rats and spiders, to the common and crazed yapping cultists and axe-wielding zombies, as well as more otherworldly horrors like gargoyles in flesh and stone variants, ghostly phantasms, fire-breathing hellhounds, and oddities like the severed hands that have a personality all on their own while trying to choke the life out of you. They all hit hard, making battles with them deadly, especially the cultists who are the sole hitscanners, capable of lopping dynamite in your direction, definitely making them high priority to dispose of ASAP.But you too wield a large and powerful arsenal of your own to fight back with. Starting with only a pitchfork, unconventional for the genre, but quickly work up to a flare gun in place of a traditional pea shooter, a double barreled sawed off shotgun, gangster style tommy gun, the explosive and highly flammable napalm launcher in place of a rocket launcher, several types of dynamite, some of which can be remote detonated, improvised flamethrower in the form of an aerosol can, to the almost anachronistic tesla cannon and even the dark arts with the voodoo doll and life leech. All firearms can be dual-wielded with a power-up called Guns Akimbo and most weapons possess an alternate firing mode, revolutionary for the time. Other pickups come in traditional and non-traditional flavors, you can heal via a portable medikit or from the life essence of fallen foes in the form of a still-beating heart, and there is armor types tailored to absorbing specific kinds of damage. Better yet is power-ups to make you completely undetectable or invincible for a short duration.Visually the game is on par with Duke3D or SW and has faux 3D elements in the engine like room-over-room and voxels for things like weapon pickups and certain decorative objects. While it lacked the true 3D technology of Quake II that year Blood's personality made the game far more charming than its competitors that overshadowed it. Sound design is loud and satisfying, and the soundtrack comes in midi and CD audio form, with both being equally great to listen to.Criticisms allude to the lack of polish, most notable in Blood compared to other BUILD games, with bizarre enemy behavior, weird hitboxes and collision detection, and some bad exploits like crouch and physics abuse, the bosses are far too easy to kill and the instant-reaction from cultist attacks paired with the high damage output can lead to some unfair moments.Blood is still bloody good fun however and thus comes as highly recommended to fans of the genre and the BUILD engine in general. Spill some.4.0/5"
76561198053297820,Recommended,299030,14846938,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,btd3f,"IGN - 7.8/10 - Too Much BloodBut seriously folks, $5.00 (or $2.50 whenever sales roll around) for one of the greatest shooters of all time.I find myself coming back to Blood year after year, and the 25+ hours I have logged on this steam version do not do justice to the number of hours actually put into this game.  Even in this day and age, the gameplay still feels fluid and satisfying, and each of the weapons are fun to use, with alternate fire modes available for each (quite innovative for its time).  The enemies are varied, and each meet their demise in a number of violently amusing ways (try using the voodoo doll on the fat guys for some ""side-splitting"" amusement).Anyway, while the game would benefit from a facelift, much in the vein of the Duke Nukem Megaton Edition, you could do much worse for $5.00.  Hell, you can barely get a meal at McDonald's for 5 bucks, so abstain from that♥♥♥♥♥♥for one night and spend that money on this classic instead."
,Recommended,299030,25635453,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Laguitoru,"One of the best games ever made, a hidden gem. Blood is a classic. Go ahead and play this, it's still a lot of fun even 20 years later. You should also try the newly released BloodGDX, it's awesome.You get to chop heads off and fight the army of the undead. You get to fight the dark god himself. It's gory, it's macabre, it is perfect.Don't forget to play Cryptic Passage as well, its level design is absolutely genius in my opinion. Also Death Wish is a must play, I'd say it's even better than the original game!BTW, add me if you want to play multiplayer :)"
,Recommended,299030,12602324,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,fracture.,"An awesome, awesome game. Like all old games, it will take some time to set it up correctly (but given the year this was released this is acceptable, there are new games that will not run as smooth as this one even after days of configuring). Get bmouse mod for x-y interpolation and set up a launcher for expansion pack Cryptic Passage, as it's otherwise not accessible.If you'll find yourself craving for more there are tons of mods and a relatively active community out there. Check out the forums!crudux cruo!"
76561198072680595,Not Recommended,299030,33367908,Posted: 8 July,all,benvlieg,Blood is a great game. It is fun to play with lots off horror film references. It uses the build engine so level interaction is high. I can't recommend the steam version since it has a low and inconsistent frame rate and changing settings is hard. It can be fixed by messing around with the DOSBOX settings but not everyone can do that (including me). Buy the one GOG instead. It works out of the box and has a small aplication for changing controls included.
,Recommended,299030,27769020,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dgbr,"I love this game, deserves a remaster"
,Recommended,299030,25318458,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,thatcheeseguy,"I REALLY WANT THIS GAME TO COME BACK WITH A PROPER REMAKE/REBOOT,PLEASE RELEASE THE SOURCE CODE!!! WE NEED GOOD MODS!!"
,Not Recommended,299030,28092393,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A.G.¥10,"Just DOSbox.Hard to recommend this unceremonious rerelease with no modernized port because honestly it just doesn't run well in DOSBox, at all, at least on my configuration. It also doesn't run well in the Eduke32 source port. I have the same reservations about DOOM 1&2's DOSBox ports, but at least there are myriad source ports to run the WADs in."
,Recommended,299030,11247260,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SS Jungle,"""I live... AGAIN!""It's been so long since I played it back in 1997. Blood was a really excellent game back then with badass hero Caleb. The game was full of gore, fun, black humor and catchy one liners. The atmosphere was really cool an creepy, music and gameplay was so great. I guess all of it made the game so original and memorable. Such a shame Monolith won't be doing anything like this anymore.10 drops of blood out of 10""Good, bad, I'm the guy with the gun!"""
,Recommended,299030,12313795,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Tomjo126,"When I saw Blood was on steam I knew I had to get it I loved playing this game when I was young and i'm happy that its still as awesome and fun as it was then, the levels are packed full of serects and weapons which will keep you entertained for ages and for the price it is a great deal. So grab a pitchfork and flare gun and start roasting the undead!"
,Recommended,299030,12688163,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dimi,"This one was a gem in a time where the Duke and the Space Marine dominated the gaming scene. I got this game since first release and was blown away from its atmosphere. The game title reflects perfectly the content. Playing as Caleb against the army of the undead you start with only one motto: ""What are you gonna do? Bleed on me?"". The game is a piece of gaming history.This game is simply cool. There are many reasons but I will only name the few that makes it cool for me:- best title for a video game- best title for a fps- title reflects the game content to 100%- one of the coolest player characters in a video game- very good level design- very high gore level- player character is the best singer in a video game- best interpretation of Frank Sinatra songs like ""strangers in the night"" and ""my way"" in a video game- best interpretation of Dean Martins song ""everybody loves somebody""- most sick level design passages you will find a video game- better secret placement than in Doom- best placed references to horror movies like Friday, 13th, Evil Dead, The Shining, Halloween etc in a video game.- best laugh audio sounds in a video game- best speaker for a main character in a video game- best black humor found in a video gameI could also tell you more about the game and game mechanics itself but if you are on this page you most probably are familiar with classic fps which are influenced by Doom. So there is everything said.Buy this game, play this game and enjoy this game.If you love classic fps you will adore this one.If you are new to classic fps try this one you will love before you adore it.If you don't like classic fps get his and you will start to like it, before you love it and before you adore it.If you hate classic fps hopp into this one to learn to play it, before you start to like it, before you love it and before you adore it.You will remember this review as soon as you play this game. You will remember this review as soon as you completed the game. And than you will sit back and say to yourself: ""Damn! This guy was right""."
76561198047450287,Recommended,299030,11276614,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,granny gran gran,"The gameplay is good, and every gamer should try it at least once.  It is a different game and is has different gameplay compared to it's brothers Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem. A couple things I would like to note, however. The controls need a little bit of optimization (on the players part), the original music is not there, it has been replaced with some other track with lots of moaning... and I only see 5 episodes in the menu, however it appears cryptic.exe (cryptic passage expansion) is in the game files? Please explain. 8/10.(changed to 6/10 below) Would've gave it 10/10 or a 9/10 if it weren't for the minor problems.The game is also a complete copy of theGOG.comversion.  I see no differences except this requires a little more fixing in regards to the cryptic expansion mostly.  I change my rating to a 6/10 because it's a good game in itself, but there is just so much optimisation that needs to be done, and if Monolith could finally release the source code then just maybe we would have a little gem here. Oh yeah, and if you plan on getting Blood II, I wouldn't recommend that, it's mostly garbage and won't work on anything above Win XP anyway, also it's very glitchy.  I could care less if Monolith was going under when it was released.  It's simply the blunt truth.If you are interested in getting the game fully functioning, please refer to this guide, as it was very helpful in my quest for getting the game to work at full potential:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=286998267Overall, it's got really fun gameplay and I haven't seen a game alot like it.  Good for an Old-school gamer and someone who can deal with having to fix a game due to the laziness of steam. ):[HOWEVER, if you are a ""New-school"" gamer who likes things like call of dooty, you probably won't enjoy this, as well if you don't have experience editing a games files or simply don't have the patience then I would definitely not recommend this to you."
76561198025163399,Recommended,299030,25942721,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,skrag,"One of the best FPS games ever made.  Yes this is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥version dropped on Steam, but if you go through this guide detailing a list of improvements to the game which someone else posted (thank you very much MrEWhite), it should make the game much better on your modern PC (well it worked for me at least):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=286998267"
,Not Recommended,299030,25401196,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,♥ Gia ♥,"While Blood is one of my favorite classic FPS games of all time, I can't really recommend this particular port of the game. This port is only a DOSBOX emulation, with plenty of issues coming with it. I personally lag like a madman if I change the resolution to anything that's not the default one, then again, this might be just my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC. You can't tweak the controls as far as I know, and the keys are spread all over the keyboard in the most awkwardly possible way. The mouse support is painfully bad, too, and it's inverted by default. The controls are so painful, that it took me a long while to get past the first level on the easiest difficulty.Blood is a superb classic. This port does not make it justice."
,Recommended,299030,33284409,Posted: 5 July,all,ArdillaCompany,"Blood is that kind of game that is aware of it's existence, with inside jokes and cameos from all kind of pop mediaillustrated in a dark world with zombies, cultist and a journey through various scenarios.The game is difficult, you receive a lot of damage, ammo isn't raining from the skyand you have to learn from your errors, it means to replay some levels until you adapt to the difficulty (you can obviously play at the lowest difficulty, but no pain no gain).One important point in all of this!!!!!:THIS IS NOT A REMAKE OF THE ACTUAL GAME by no means, as most of dos pc games, this comes with a dos emulator (DosBox), why people keep thinking that all dos games on steam are remakes!!!???"
,Recommended,299030,11296809,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DudeDesigns,"The Trinity of Ken Silverman's Build Engine is finally complete with BLOOD.Where as Duke Nukem 3D is a throwback to 80's action movies and Shadow Warrior is a parody of kung-fu movies, Blood is a tribute to horror movies.The game's levels are moody and dark, and well crafted. Your arsenal includes weapons such as flare guns, tommy guns, dynamite, voodoo dolls and sawn off shotguns.The game's protagonist is Caleb, once the supreme commander of a cult called ""The Cabal"", worshippers of the forgotten god Tchernobog. Caleb is slain by Tchernobog in betrayel and rises from his grave one faithful night to seek vengence.There are many references to horror movies, such as Nightmare on Elm's Street, Friday the 13th, The Shining, Psycho and more. The game is quite possibly the best Build engine game in my opinion.Unlike the re-ports of Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior, Monolith never released the source code for Blood, and thus source ports were never made. This is pretty much thegog.comversion, which runs on DosBox, which runs just fine on my Windows 7 64-bit."
76561198146269703,Recommended,299030,16604572,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lunar Reactor,"Despite the lack of a source port. Blood is an amazing title. It uses the same engine that powered Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior, the Build Engine. It runs in DOSbox so like I said, your getting the classic version here plus two expansion packs. Blood parodies the horror genre quite well. With maps based on some classic horror films and books. If you liked Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior you will probably like this as well. Just be aware that this is a game from the 90's and that it ran on DOS so unlike the two games I mentioned this one has no modern port. I recommend reading some of the guides here in the community page for this game in order to get the game running better on modern monitors. Blood is an enjoyable experience for someone who enjoys 90's FPS and old school shooters in general."
,Recommended,299030,12722581,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[ScrN]PooSH,This game is a masterpiece of old-school first-person shooters.
76561198119731825,Recommended,299030,24135902,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,☑ Verified Noob [inactive],"DISCLAIMER: I saw a bunch of downvotes, so I remind you this is the very old DOS game released in 1997. It still uses 2.5D software rendering engine (known for you as big square pixels). So if you wanna another FRESH FPS, skip this one.THIS GAME IS THE OLD FREAKING UNDERRATED MASTERPIECE!!!And this is an unique game, because no one successfully replicated the idea!It eats Doom II, Duke Nukem 3D and kicks their a##es, even within first minutes! IMHO this is the best Build engine game ever and the first one that used voxels!If you played Doom II and never played Blood, then your whole life is dull as hell and you know nothing about kicking killed skeleton's heads!...and you never beloved a voodoo doll.And if you like Easter Eggs you love Blood I!About people taking exception to the Steam port. They are mostly wrong.Steam version contains:- movies;- CD-Audio tracks in OGG (emulated, so no CD needed in drive);- AWE32 + Wave Blaster emulation out-of-the-box;- original Setup.Exe program;- predefined DosBox configuration files that can be manually launched.SO you actually CAN run the Setup.Exe, change the resolution to VESA 2.0 and stop yelling it is only 320x200...A PRO-TIP: How to run *SETUP.EXE*? (Windows, default Steam folder location)1. Open ""Run..."" dialog (press windows key +R)2. Paste thewholefollowing line into the textbox:=====""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\One Unit Whole Blood\dosbox.exe"" -conf ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\One Unit Whole Blood\dosboxBlood_setup.conf"" -noconsole -c ""exit""=====3. Click OK.When you find your favourite configuration, back-up the BLOOD.CFG file. When Steam reverts your changes to the original, you can fix it easily then.I hever heard about official 3DFX support for Doom II or Blood. Steam version contains original software graphics engine.And this is the freaking ADVANTAGE, because all new-gen fan-made ports break the gameplay experience (no offence at all, you may try them with Steam game files)!I encountered no emulation lags on my old laptop. If you yell that game released in 1997 never gets 500FPS under emulated environmnent, you are IMO an id#ot, sir!And you CAN change the controls, every single action has up to 2 keys! You can even set-up controls in a way to emulate the modern WSAD&mouse style, including mouse sensitivity adjustement. The only con is that mouse can aim only horizontally using standard config, but it is DOOM II-style. You can swim up-down using jump-crouch keys.I don't even start talking about multiplayer mode (needs some effort to set up) and custom maps...The only disadvantage is that there are no launch menu, but I needed to call Setup.Exe only a few times.OVERALL: 1997/10! Would kick skeleton's head again!"
,Recommended,299030,15501117,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rye,"An absolutely brillant FPS from the holy trinity of BUILD engine games. It consists of 4 uniqely themed episodes and has a bunch of unique weapons, with extremely brutal tough-as-nails 90's gameplay to go along with it. This is when games required you to invest in getting gud to fully appreciate the naunces of it.Kickass weapons, Kickass music, Amazing balls to the wall fun.C'mon. Just listen to that music in the trailer. ♥♥♥♥ yeah."
,Recommended,299030,13771517,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gelidus,"Blood is a goriest game in 90's. The grim and hilarious atmosphere is drawing you to play more and more. Game have the best Build Engine, levels are like the dream. Thousands of explosions and Caleb's in game comments make this game more funny. And remember... do not come close to the beast or you will be crushed :P"
76561198194763051,Recommended,299030,34398933,Posted: 21 August,all,matthew.orenstein3000,"NOTE: I had issues running this well on steam. I was forced to utilize outside means and customazation options to get blood to work properly. Using bloodGDX was a great help and was useful in many ways including getting the expansion pack to work with minimal issues. My review may be affected by this as I don't know how many changes happened as a result and could have effected my experince from the vanilla blood game. This guide from a user named colek can help get bloodGDX if you desire.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1040131959Blood is a FPS that uses the build engine like duke nukem 3D and shadow warrior. The graphics are really solid with attention to detail(for the time), and if you like gore this won't hold back. You will see organs fly and blood everywhere, so be aware it's not for the squemish. With some grewsome enviorments like decomposing corpses and a dark tone, this has a very thick atmosphere of dread that holds up 20 years later. The sound design is very effective, giving you chills as you hear enemies scream in agony and hear splats of violence. The sound track ties all this together with a very oninomus tone.The controls are just like the other build games and work well, but you may want to configure the controls a bit, as the layout can feel a little chaotic by default. Also swimming is a real pain as you have to tap c repeatedly to swim down, you can jump in water to dive quicker but it doesn't change the fact it feels a bit awkward, on the plus side water sections don't last too long. The gameplay is very satisfiying with a wide range of weapons like dynamite and a tommygun but can also get a bit unorthodox like a voodoo doll(my fav) or tesla gun. Most of these weapons also have alt fire modes, varying up how you can approch enemies. And rounding it all out is defensive items like medkits and boots to help you jump higher and a few others. There's also plenty of replay value with many secrets, references to horror films, and hidden levels.The expansion pack was every bit as good as the main game. It wasn't just more levels, this added new ideas for level layouts and while you don't get new weapons or fight new enemies, it had some of the best levels due to cool puzzle ideas and new ways they used them. If it was an episode on the main game it would probably be my favorite despite how much I enjoyed the others. While this won't effect my review I should point out that the modding community is alive and well with some talented users that make great content. So if you enjoy using mods then this one has that in spades.Overall with it's creepy atmosphere, satisfying gameplay, great replay value, and large amount of content(even without mods) this was one of the best FPS's i've played on steam."
,Recommended,299030,22858920,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Oskulock,"My favorite of the classic Build Engine games, combines gameplay similar to Duke Nukem 3D with themes from old horror movies. An absolute blast to play and one of the finest FPS games i've ever played.One note however, this is not a ""Remastered"" version like Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition or Shadow Warrior Classic Redux. Since the fellas at Atari are a bunch of morons and won't release the source code to public we probably won't be seeing something like that either. However, the game runs very well on DOSBox with reasonable resolution settings and mouse look support as long as your rig isn't an absolute toaster. It also supports multiplayer via YANG or such.The game goes for very high prices when it comes to the retail game and the Cryptic Passage expansion pack, so the price they're asking for it on Steam is more than reasonable. It's a long game too so you get a lot for your money."
76561198093056302,Not Recommended,299030,23876386,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Starbuckmoko,"Its a poor dos box emulation with near unresponsive controls, mouse aiming that starts off with with only left and right turning but using a certain button enables looking up and down too but no smooth in between axis meaning you have to aim like a tank, and finally the music is always playing at max volume, lowering the music slider does absolutly nothing...and before you think that you can just search up a source port like with doom or with 3d realms' fps games, the devs never released the source code and atari was too lazy and greedy to give it out for fans to use to make an fully working source port. You will have to go on a wild goose chase to find fixes for this game and even then it may still not work smoothly."
,Recommended,299030,23102622,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,somebody336,"Blood: One Whole Unit is an FPS game originally released in 1997 and features both expansion packs that were released for it. We play as an anti-hero protagonist called Caleb who has been betrayed by a demigod he once loyally served and has risen from the grave for vengeance. Hearing your motivation and the fact that Caleb dresses like an emo cowboy with glowing red eyes one might assume this to be a rather serious game but boy is that wrong. Nearly every word out of Caleb's mouth is either a reference to pop culture of the 90's or a witty one liner. Freshly risen from the grave your only weapon will be a pitchfork which is mostly a last resort weapon only useful against the lower tier creatures such as undead ax wielders. You'll quickly find your next weapon, a simple flare gun that once fired at an enemy will usually set it on fire within a couple of seconds.Nearly every weapon has an alt-fire for added diversity and options during combat. Your simple flare gun's alt-fire allows you to shoot an exploding flare that has decent area of effect allowing you to clear out rooms in a rain of fire at the cost of more ammo than normally firing it. You'll eventually run across your run of the mill shotgun and machine gun that are staples of the FPS genre but the rest of your arsenal is much more unique and memorable ranging from holding a lighter in front of a spray can for an improvised flamethrower to a voodoo doll you jam with a needle in order to harm the enemy in front of you. Learning how to use whatever is on hand is a necessity in Blood since there is simply not enough ammo for blasting your way through the game with the normal weapons. Fire and dangerous explosions will be your best friends if you plan to survive this brutal world.Above all skills learning how to chuck a stick of dynamite thru a window without blasting yourself is a must. Dynamite is common and is devastating to most enemies as well as great at evening the odds when you are greatly outnumbered. There is a great variety of enemies but the most common are also the most dangerous. These enemies are The Cultists and they are packing heavy weaponry like machine guns and shotguns to ruin your day. While you may be undead, getting shot in the face still hurts and will drain your health/armor in no time. The Cultist's aim is superhuman, being able to nail you right in the forehead from a huge distance with robot like reflexes and their placement in the levels further stacks the situation in their favor. If you expect something bad to happen or think that the sudden corner up ahead would be perfect for something to kill you chances are your instincts are right so be ready to fire at a moment’s notice or if you have a decent supply of dynamite chuck one to make sure there isn't a mime waiting in the shadows to strangle you.In addition to your weapons you will have multiple items at your disposal. These range from a portable medkit to a pair of boots that allows you to jump insanely high. They can be used anytime you wish however they do have very limited use and will be gone quick if you use them excessively. Scattered around the levels are items that will be used upon picking it up such as Akimbo Guns that allows you to dual wield two of the same weapons allowing you to relive the ending to Scarface with twice the manliness. In all seriousness that power-up would have been far better as a portable item instead of an immediate since whenever I usually picked one up I either didn't need it or didn't want to waste that much ammo. The more useful ones are the invisibility that allows you to wail on the clueless enemies in ghost form and a weird floating eye that will supercharge your overall health from the typical 100 to 200. The amount of options and opportunities to annihilate your foes are massive which leads to much more engaging gameplay than just going in blasting with a shotgun.That's not to say using the shotgun isn't fun as well. As you may imagine with a name like Blood the game is very violent and enemies just fall apart, especially when you use the alt-fire to unleash both rounds from the barrel at once to splatter the room. Sometimes their head comes off and you can kick it around like a soccer ball until it breaks apart which is admittedly yet morbidly great fun. One thing that I love about Blood is that our character just loves what he is doing and will occasionally laugh like amadman whenever he causes carnage which never fails to bring a smile to my face. The voice acting is pretty good too and it really helps Caleb's dark sense of humor. Whoever did the screaming for enemies on fire deserves some kind of acting award and it adds just that much more personality to this title.Levels in this game are enormous and are brilliantly designed. They feature your key card hunting you'd expect out of the FPS games of yesteryear and require you to pay attention to your surroundings. From a level that has you fighting your way through a moving train, a city being bombarded by planes and your more suspenseful horror themed levels Blood has a ton of levels that will stick with you far after you completed the game. It's not as simple as walking around everywhere to reach the end of a level. Multiple times you will have to go swimming underwater to reach a location which sounds like an easy task until the first time you see a giant shark with legs rapidly approaching towards you. Luckily you can still fire your guns underwater somehow but that won't be much help when you are being attacked from all sides. Fleeing out of the water does you no good as they will jump right out and run on their freakish legs as they will not be denied their feast, lack of lungs be damned.One semi-serious flaw of the underwater sections is the lack of visual feedback telling you how close you are to being out of breath causing you to start losing health. Your screen does get slightly red but something more noticeable such as an oxygen bar would have been far more preferable. Unfortunately this version of Blood is pretty sub-par. It has many problems running on modern machines like music not looping leaving you with nothing but ambiance noise throughout, tons of screen tearing and slowdown and the final 6th episode isn't even playable in game, instead you must go to the game's directory and drag the “Cryptic.exe” to the Dosbox program. The controls have been slightly modernized and movement is now “WASD” while offering horizontal mouse view meaning you can't look up or down upon starting. Simply pressing the “U” key will allow you to look around freely and pressing the “I” key will add an aiming reticle. People say that the GOG version is better but as I don't own it I can't confirm these statements. Steam's version is not unplayable but the poor performance and screen tearing are a major detractor.It's a shame really as this was my favorite of the trilogy of Build Engine games, the other two being Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior. Those two have been brought into the modern age and play great thanks to Devolver Digital's respect for the hit 90's shooters while Atari just plopped “Blood” onto the market, running on Dosbox with just enough tuning to make it playable. Blood is still a fun and unique game that has great level design, tons of weapons and interactive environments like workable light switches, certain walls being destructible and tons of creativity. Having 6 episodes to play through this is one title with a ton of playtime. For those of us that played this game back in the day it is a solid low costing purchase regardless of the flaws but for those looking to get into old school shooters I'd suggest to start off elsewhere."
,Recommended,299030,11466580,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"♥♥♥♥IN' YEAAAAAAAH!!!Caleb is back and he wants more. Bloody, gory, brutal oldschool game. It's classic first-person shooter from childhood. Must have.P.S. I'm not giving a ♥♥♥♥ about port. I'm just happy to see this game in Steam."
,Recommended,299030,20420642,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Earth Ultimatum IV.,"Incredibly good oldschool horror shooter.Lovely graphics, very dark and evil.Very good level design.Interesting weapons (a double-barelled sawed-off shotgun, my favorite)Use this to make it work better on newer computers:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=286998267"
,Recommended,299030,34387266,Posted: 20 August,all,Corrosion,Difficult and fun in a familiar style with its own unique world.
,Recommended,299030,12731783,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"""I live again!""This is what Caleb, the protagonist says, then he opens the grave in which he was buried. And this is where you take control of him and go on a rampage to punish your master for getting rid of you. It makes sense, right? :)The game follows in the footsteps of Doom and Duke Nukem 3D:1) You eliminate hordes of enemies2) Once you encounter the boss you get rid of it3) Many weapons are at your disposal with which you can do a great massacreRinse and repeat! Oh, and not only does it look similar than above-mentioned gems from the '90s, but Blood is equally hard. F*cking hard at times.Notice how outdated this game is! Well, this is the Build engine at works which was at the time considered 2.5 dimension instead of 3. Why? Because the game only made us feel the height but rooms were always adjacent to one another (there were actually no rooms on top of another). This game is from a time where we hardly used the mouse for aiming and shooting and the movement keys were not bound to WASD.At the time the game was a bit outdated (I believe Quake had already been released) but people needed time to get used to those. Blood, therefore, was a refreshing experience mainly because it introduced fun to the genre. It did in a different way than Duke did: while the protagonist had great one-liners he also had ""clever"" guns. In Blood your flamethrower is an aerosol spray and lighter combined and one of the most powerful weapon is a voodoo doll. Oh, and your only (the genre-typical and mandatory) melee weapon is not a fist or knife or a crowbar but a pitchfork.I played the Steam version a bit and it seems to be running just fine thanks to the emulator used. The game has two expansion packs with two more chapters to the already great 4 chapters. If you liked Blood back in the day grab this one quickly. If you loved all those games using the Build Engine (Duke Nukem, Shadow Warrior, Redneck Rampage, Nam etc.) but skipped this one make sure you have one of the best in the genre in your library. :)"
,Recommended,299030,27245491,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MR.B@$TER,"Still one of the best FPS. Extremely stylish and atmospheric with great choice of weapons. Have this amazing feeling of shooting, not like nowaday circus with inflatable-guns and ragdoll bodies. A lot of various maps, godlike music, tons of easter eggs and good old dark humor.As much as I would like to see it remade with new tech, I gotta admit - new Blood would probably suck. They just dont make em like this anymore. Legend will live.ps Pretty bad Steam port though."
76561197984765152,Recommended,299030,11351598,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DarthPostalDude,"Blood is a 90s old school shooter and is also the most underrated and under looked shooter of all time.The story is that you play as Caleb who is a gunslinger who’s friends are killed and he is buried alive and he wants revenge… that’s it… that’s the story… if you were expecting more you are playing this the wrong way since this is an old school shooter and the story matters the least and is forgotten during gameplay. The theme of the game is horror, the kind of satanic and supposedly dark and disturbing horror but this game isn’t meant to be taken seriously at all.The gameplay is basically the same as Duke Nukem 3d but much better, nearly everything that was in Duke 3d is in blood and used better and made to fit the theme and doesn’t suffer from any of the problems found in Duke 3d, those being: blowing yourself up too much with the rocket launcher and the tedious level design and key hunts that will have you aimlessly wondering around a level when you’ve killed everyone.Blood is also the most violent game of the 90s, and it’s really fun to group up some enemies and blow them to pieces or blow their skin off by using the napalm rocket launcher or a bundle of dynamite and have Caleb laughing like a sadistic madman.The weapons you get consists of a pitchfork, a flair gun, a sawn off shotgun, a tommy gun, a napalm rocket launcher, three different variations of dynamite, spray cans, a telsa gun, a voodoo doll and a staff. The majority of these weapons have alternate fire, with the flair gun you can either fire one flair or fire a huge fire ball, with the shotgun you can either fire one barrel at a time or both at once, with the tommy gun you can either just plain fire it or you can fire it so it sways to the left and right which is good for a wide group of enemies, with the napalm launcher you can either fire it like a rocket launcher or a grenade launcher, with the spray cans you can either use it as a flamethrower or you can fire bomb enemies with it.Why this game is underrated and under looked:At the time of its release people would rather play quake 2 because it has a fully 3d engine when blood is 2.5D and the game almost became forgotten which is quite pathetic because this is a massively better game than quake 2.There aren’t really any problems with the game itself but there are a few very small irritations with the difficulty and that being that all of the enemies with guns are pixel pin point accurate and do not miss a single shot and have really quick reactions where sometimes you’ll open a door and you get killed immediately, and with enemies that use projectiles they tent to fire to the left and right hitting you every single time since your natural reaction is to strafe left and right.If you like old school shooters definitely get this game without a doubt it’s always fun to play."
76561198103109076,Recommended,299030,12249527,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Space Cadet,"The 90s were a greate time, it seams every othe game was a classic or a mile-stone. DOOM did for videogames what KING KONG did for movies. Duke Nukem introduced a charismatic protagonist, and Blood seams to have been made for nostalgia.Blood is a cult classic reminesent of the Evil Dead Trilogy. filled with pop-cultre refferences and mechanics that pushed the limit of the games technology.on a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 13, and best of all it works on windos 8 (you will have to adjust screen size and resolution in game to prevent a crash & sideways screen though)"
,Recommended,299030,28417415,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Raymondium,"Before I start this review, I would like to mention the quality of this port, or lack thereof. Blood is confugured to run in Dosbox, and is configured like crap. There is a way to fix it, thanks toThis Awesome GuideNow on to the main review.People well versed in the FPS genre will always talk about the Build Engine Trinity games. Those games being Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior, and Blood. I have completed Duke 3D, and the Life's A Beach expansion pak, while also playing a good chunk of Shadow Warrior's campaign. Even though I like these two games, the both suffer from severe problems which hinders them from being put in a pedestal next to other FPS classics like Doom 2 or Unreal. Based off my experiences with those two games, I expected Blood to follow in a similar vain. I haven't been this pleased to be wrong about prior thoughts to a game since Doom 2016 (which I thought would suck, but is awesome).Once you configure Blood to your liking, you are then taken to the game's menu screen, where you are able to select the episode, and the difficulty. In Blood you play as Caleb, a guy in a trenchcoat with a fedora, who is seeking vengance after his master betrays him, by burrying him alive. Afterwords you wake up from your grave, to then quote a line from Army of Darkness. Blood stands out from the other Build Engine games for 2 reasons.1) The atmosphere in Blood is creepy and unsetteling at times, engrosing you in it's world that has been carefully constructed. Notable levels include the Dark Carnaval in Episode 1, a good chunk of Episode 2, and a Forest level in Episode 4. In comparison, Duke 3D and Shadow Warrior lack any sense of atmosphere, as focus was put on other elements.2) Blood has a unique weapon lineup. Starting with a Pitchfork and Flare Gun, up to more devestating weapons like the Napalm Launcher, and Tesla Rifle. These weapons do an exelent job at dispatching Caleb's foes.Speaking of which, the enemy design in Blood fits the theme like a glove. From Zombies and Robed Cultists, to Sea Monsters and Hellhounds, Blood's enemy roster is unique in both appearance and functionality. This only slightly let down by the fact that the flying enemy types suffer from poor A.I. at times. Gargoyles in particular have a hard time doing anything usefull in big open areas, and will just ♥♥♥♥ around in the air, being a general nusance. Episode 3 also suffers a bit from mazelike level design, and forgetable backdrops, and is easily the most forgettable episode in the game. Other than those complaints, Blood is an amazing experience. This is without mentioning the hidden secrets, the refrences Caleb makes, the awesome powerups, the extreme usage of blood and gore, and cool but not too challenging boss fights.Blood also had two expansion packs released for it as well. The Plasma Pak was an official expansion by Monolith, and upgrades the main game to Blood With Plasma. This pack adds a new episode, multiple new enemy types, and a new boss. It's fun, and is a good test of raw skill for those well versed in older FPS games. Later released was the Cryptic Graves expansion pak, released by Wizzard Works, who also released a lot of Duke Nukem 3D expansion Paks. Cryptic Graves is a pretty good expansion pak, with memorable locations, and fun level design, that only falls short of being pretty easy. Both these expansion packs are included with this purchase, so this is the definitive version of the game to get at the moment, only short of a full HD source port. Blood is now one of my favorite FPS games, and is my favorite game of the Build Engine Trinity. I highly reccomend that anyone who is a fan of FPS games pick this one up, as it lives up to its name in every regard. I'll end this review by quoting Caleb quoting Army of Darkness.""I Live, Again..."""
,Recommended,299030,11575148,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,corezOr,I live...Again!Das sagt ja wohl alles! Eines der besten Dos Games damals und heute
,Recommended,299030,31008258,Posted: 7 April,all,woogiepooh2013,Episode 5 is not on the title menu you have to manually add it yourself.After using a guide to get the game set up properly.The game is very fun and similar to doom or duke from the 90's but you need to follow a guide to set up some things first or the game will not work properly. The game is very buggy unless set up properly frustrating that they couldn't have it pre set up like most games. A lot of older games have similar issues but they at least will run properly and includes all their expansions in game.
,Recommended,299030,34650384,Posted: 31 August,all,Doc. Spookyman,"This is a VERY underrated game, it's very charming and not much people know about it.Everybody who likes horror media should give this a try"
76561198069113247,Recommended,299030,24439432,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Armesi,"There's a lot of Blood in this game, at least One Unit Whole of it.""Rain drops on roses and whiskers on kittens. Bright coppered kettles and warm woolen mittens. Brown paper packages tied up with string. These are a few of my favourite things! ...god what a crappy song...""- Caleb"
76561198019364787,Recommended,299030,11430778,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,jcull14,I live ... again!
76561197982566709,Recommended,299030,11338853,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Odin,Best game ever.
76561198130127814,Recommended,299030,11254226,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,xavier_sb,"Love this game; always have, always will! So happy it was brought to Steam. A great game if you're a fan of the classics like Duke Nukem 3D, Doom, Heretic, Hexen, etc. Has some crazy weapons like the tommy gun, the leech cain, spray cans, and more, most with their own alternative attacks. Telsa gun now has dual-wielding capabilities, which the game did not have when it first came out, so this is a new (but awesome) addition. Game also comes with expansion packs which makes it even better. Cut scenes included. No multiplayer though, or at least none that I was able to immediately find, which sucks. But overall, still a great first person shooter. 9/10.EDIT: Found IPX multiplayer. A little lengthy to get running but does work. Got 2 computers playing the same map right now. Awesome! Still gonna have to say 9/10 though because of how tedious it is to get game to run like this, especially with no instructions at all on how to do it (beyond Serial play of course)."
,Recommended,299030,11288246,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Cameron,"If you liked the first two Doom games and Duke 3D, you should get this game. It holds up."
,Recommended,299030,32887437,Posted: 27 June,all,Dandywise,One of the best FPS ever made.
76561198074569591,Recommended,299030,26190306,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,-[T]UR'RICK-,"Blood is one of those games that never really got any of the attention it deserves. A game that when brought up a rare amount ever know the name. Blood was one of the most goriest games for it's time and even now with these indie developers and the ""gore"" they put in their nostalgia looking bit games. So by todays standards and other games that try and look old school. Blood is still one of goriest games and kick♥♥♥♥♥games well worth experiencing. Tradition for me to play every year on the month of halloween along with F.E.A.R. Wish Monolith or someone would revive it."
,Recommended,299030,12228495,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,labstank,Kill Zombies. Play ball with their heads. 11/10
76561198024779213,Recommended,299030,11554063,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,liaminator,"The ""HELP"" screen was worth the price alone."
,Recommended,299030,28980564,Posted: 3 January,all,Wircea,"My only complains about this are that the music is bugged and that the extra chapter cannot be accessed without extra configuration. There are guides laying around that tell you how to fix these but I'd rather have Steam not sell broken games.Other than that, this steam version does it's job. Though an actual port instead of this crappy emulation would have been better.The game itself is really good and really stands out when it comes to the 90's first person shooters.The game is really similar to Duke Nukem and Shadow Warrior, which means that you play as a badass that cracks random jokes as you blast through levels full of blood-thirst enemies.What really catches my eyes when it comes to Blood is the expensive gore and death system.Also the unique set of weapons that range from throwable TNT sticks to lighter-and-spraycan flamethrowers to voodoo dolls while also keeping the all-wanted shotgun and submachine gun. Every weapon in the game has an alternative firing mode, which doubles the variation during play.Other than that, it's your standard run and gun Doom-esque game but with a horror movie motif.Highly recommended."
76561198092319413,Recommended,299030,11706297,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,The Argonian Alcoholic,"Remember those old horror flicks from the 80s you used to rent from blockbuster? Remember nervously sliding that tape into the VHS player, not knowing what to expect? The mix of excitement and terror you felt while watching your first R rated movie while your parents were out?WELL I SURE AS ♥♥♥♥ DON’T!But ya don’t need to because Blood is prepared to educate your♥♥♥♥♥Are you a horror fan? Well then this game will have you 360ing your head in excitement because this game has references UP THE @SSIf this review doesn’t convince you of this games gratuitous amounts of violence and poor taste, the box art stands ready and willing to ♥♥♥♥in’ defile!This game has zombies that need both barrels to go down and ♥♥♥♥IN STAY DOWN.TRIGGER HAPPY CULTISTSFLYING DEMONDSSPIDERSBANSHEES THAT WIL MAKE YOU CRAP YOURSELF IN FEARANDMOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SATAN HIMSELF!SWOLLOW YOUR SOUL FOLKS!BECAUSE THIS GAME IS COMING TO VIOLATE IT!"
,Recommended,299030,22800104,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,El Sato,"I played a lot of this back in the day! it was legit scary! tho i was a lot younger and graphics back in the day were not what they are today haha.Unfortunately i cant play it nowadays becouse im got used to modern fps controls, wich kinda make sense, and i have a hard time getting used again to the old ways... you can try rebinding keys (i did) and it gets a bit better but its still not ideal.But probably everybody who buys it will do it for the nostalgia and already knows whats in there anyways so yeah, go ahead xD"
76561198026619345,Recommended,299030,11504051,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,⊰Mr Mojo Risin'⊱,"A true classic, i remember when i played this when i was kid, lots of good memories. I waited a long time for this to come to steam and its finally here!. ItsGog.comcopy, but works like a charm.""I'm here to donate some blood. Somebody else's..."""
,Recommended,299030,34909786,Posted: 12 September,all,ParksandRekt,"played this a few years ago with the current version sold as is and thought, ""ehhhh, it's another duke nukem/doom clone only more out dated and annoying to configure. I'm not gonna bother ♥♥♥♥ing around with this.""years later I stumbled across a source port  for this game known as ""blood crossmatching""then realised the creator of said source port is working on bloodgdxtried it and by god if Blood isn't one of the best (if not the best) shooter i've played ever"
76561198046549667,Recommended,299030,20882091,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jiggle Jiggle™,"*sips* ""Oooh. This is better then Kool-aid... """
76561198065809095,Recommended,299030,12394053,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mr Chillax,Behold FPS classic Greatness for fans of doom this game has plenty of blood and gore and funny one liners to make the game very enjoyable plus its difficulty all put together a great price for a great game
,Recommended,299030,32667455,Posted: 22 June,all,Dreadnought,"You've played DOOM.  You have fond memories of Duke Nukem, and perhaps even Rise of the Triad.  But what is this Blood game?  It's everything else you wanted.  I woodshopped this game when the rest of you were getting your rods touched under the bleachers.  This game was my high school experience, just toss in some early Korn albums and some 2nd edition 40k, and take away all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s ever, and there you go.Does it hold up today?  Honestly, yeah it does.  It's a little janky, and it's pretty hard by modern standards, but man its worth it to hear those great one liners and to see what was possible within such a limited little engine.  Maybe someday Steam will get Blood II."
76561197960896522,Recommended,299030,23796193,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RecoN,"Just ran this game fine on windows 10, its a bit iffy but its so old! One of the first games I played but still good fun! By the way the controls are changable (not easy to see but when you go into options its the first thing highlighted) and you can use the mouse, you just need to enable it which I belive is Key ""U""For a quid this was a steal! Im going to try a Coop with my mate later! Just like the LAN days on easier to setup... hahHappy hunting!"
,Recommended,299030,23429366,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nurgle523,"Amazing gameplay, all weapons seem fun and useful. Beautiful sound, detailed graphics.Downside: The CGI intro and CGI parts [rare thankfully] are laughable. At the time they were fine I'm sure.Best: The main character is hilarious, he's good but also very much an anti-hero. He laughs hard at exploding corpses, killing and mowing down people. Very destructive and adds to the gameplay while you go nuts with killing badguys.Thoughts: Game comes with lots of levels, lots of secrets, weapons, etc. You can replay the same level again and again without getting too bored if you want... and the difficulty levels provide various well balanced challenge. Even having to start over if you forget to save [IMO] just lets you improve your skill since you are learning."
,Recommended,299030,11622259,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Fox01313,"As anyone can tell from the icon which hasn't changed since geeting on steam, this is one of my favorite games ever both as a fun shooter but also a horror game that got EVERYTHING in here. You want creepy weapons, tributes to some great horror movies, one of the best weapons around which is a flare gun, it's all here & more.Only thing I'd say to those who like this game, go get the cd version if you can find it. This was one of the dawning games for me where many great soundtracks (cd quality audio) was being put on the cd as extra tracks to listen to in your cd player. This soundtrack along with some of the extra files found online of other music of this & the sequel (Blood2 is good but it feels like it ran out of money before it was finished so you get 2/3 of a game) got me through many boring parts of college or work. Get the game, then go after the soundtrack as a horror fan, you will just love this game.Cheers & now time to get my hands bloody now that it's on steam!"
76561198391067615,Recommended,299030,32047586,Posted: 29 May,all,smt503,"This is the game that taught 10-year-old-me the joy of wiping out cultists and demons with flare guns and Voodoo dolls. Killer soundtrack, outdated pop culture references, gibs goo and gore--can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,299030,11471194,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,A Rising Ape,"The cult classic, and for my money the best thing ever produced for the Build engine, lives again, again.Even after all these years, I'm happy to say it holds up remarkably well; apart from some minor sensitivity issues with mouselook, the transition to DOSBox is largely painless (e: for me, anyway), although as some clever person already mentioned, you're going to want to jettison the ""improved"" soundtrack files ASAP. Fortunately, while the engine may be a bit creaky, the weapon selection remains one of the most entertaining and bizarre collections of kill-a-majigs ever assembled in a game.It's extremely telling that Blood's designers make sure the player learns the joys of the pitchfork, flare-gun, and Dynamite well before they pick up anything as mundane as a shotgun. This is a game with more interesting things on its mind, like the Tesla Gun, the Napalm Launcher, and in one of many, many hat-tips to the game's influences, the humble-yet-devastating Aerosol and Lighter combo pack. And yet, while all of these weapons have their charms, as far as this game is concerned, Danny Dynamite is practically a second character.Provided in ACME-approved, bright red bundle fashion, Dynamite is a constant source of spontaneous comedy as well as giblets, as it is handed out in positivelyLooney-Tunesianquantities, and actively encouraged in its use. Our zombified hero hits hard, but withers quickly under gunfire, prompting a strategic approach to clearing out baddies that was remarkable for its time, especially combined with the designers' love of elaborate environments, and stashing inconvenient murderers behind newly-opened doors and false walls.Ultimately, what makes Blood special is the moments where all these pieces come together; hunting around for a spare zombie-head to kick into the carnival game, dropping a napalm bomb right smack in the center of a horde of shrieking cultists, and perhaps most of all, the sight of a lit fuse slowly burning down in your twice-dead hands as your killers linger stupidly beside your corpse.TL/DR: If horror, black comedy, and clever design get your... ugh,bloodflowing, then you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,299030,20535482,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,You got the chaingun!,"My favorite Build engine game so far, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing gem from the 90's. Did you like Duke Nukem 3d and Shadow Warrior? Then Blood is just the game you are looking for. Atari won't release the source code to let others make a proper port, so you'll have to spend some time fixing a few crappy things to play this game properly in dosbox, fortunately some nice dudes have made helpful guides to help you with this. It contains all of the episodes, though you'll have to manually add the last episode (Cryptic Passage)."
,Recommended,299030,21799637,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,bloodydrain Farmskins.com,"Well, I'm going to be honest, I've never played any classic FPS games at their release time as I had my first access to a my own computer back in 2009. And I'm regretting to have wasted time on free to play games; I recently started playing all those Build Engine based games and Blood surely is my favourite!First of all the level design is amazing, so much different locations all well done and fitting to the game genre with tons of easter eggs to the horror genre that made me enjoy even as a non-fan of this genre. One downside is that in some levels you can skip some parts or obtain easily keys by using the jump boots.The main character, Caleb, easily overcome the most famous Duke Nukem and Lo Wang. He's charismatic, he's a psycho, he's mysterious. Caleb isn't the classic good guy pwning horde of enemies, he was an elite cultist of the Cabal cult before getting betrayed by the cult god himself. In searching for revenge he'll kill everyone who tries to slow him down no matter what appear on his way, civilians as well. In this jurney Caleb will entertain you with his catchy dark humor phrases. But he'll show a more human side when he'll find his loved one lifeless body, unlikely Duke or Lo WangThe weaponry are awsome and various by type and all have a secondary attack. You'll also have access to a selection of tools that may help you, just like the Medic Bag, Jumping Boots etc. Your first weapon will be the Pitchfork which will come handy even in further levels.the Sawed Off Shotgun the most versatile weapon of the game, it's effective against any you surely ends up using it most of the time.Flare Gun is capable of burning any enemy made of flesh in 2 seconds if hitted correctly.Thompson is the alternative to the Sawed Off as it's very accurate at high distance(perfect to blow up barrels) and it come handy with the secondary attack if you're surrounded by a lot of enemies.Aereosol Can is a sort of flamethrowner for short range and as well as Dynamite and Proximity & Remote Detonator can be used to blow up group of enemies and can be launched at a fair distance.Napalm Launcher is the never missing missile launcher, but it actually fire flaming globs and exploding napalTesla Cannon, well Tesla means that it fires electric charges, it's the most powerful weapon of the game thanks to its high rate of fire and massive damages. It's a good thing keeping it only for Boss and mini-bossVodoo Doll is a magical weapon capable of hurting enemies but it will hurt you if there isn't any in your sight. It's quite useful but it can be used only few times before depleting.Life Leech is a magical staff that inflict massive damage and if you run out of ammo, it will use your blood as ammo!"
,Recommended,299030,15256703,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Knox,"Played this years ago and its still fun and if you loved Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior, and DOOM this a must buy!"
76561198196781194,Recommended,299030,34052765,Posted: 5 August,all,TrumpIsARacist,"$5 by default, around $1.25 during a sale, this is a huge bargain and probably the best Steam game you can get for $5 or less.Play this game with the BloodGDX source port since the Steam version isn't well optimized and the source port makes it so much better. This is the most underrated first person shooter game of all time and I'm very confused as to why not enough people play it. Blood, along with Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior are among the best games to use the Build engine, but I think Blood is the greatest of all three of them. If you are big horror movie fan or a fan of the Evil Dead movies, then you will love this game. I would recommend it to anyone who is a big fan of classic first person shooters and horror films. This is my second favorite fps game of all time behind only the original Doom because in all fairness, Blood wouldn't exist without the success of Doom. I will go as far and say this game is a masterpiece and it really defined what 90's first person shooters were all about. Buy this game, you will not be disappointed, 10 out of 10."
76561198258445335,Recommended,299030,34871263,Posted: 10 September,all,Samppu,"Best build engine game?Pros:- Atmosphere. Great ambient sounds, visuals consisting of often darker tones of colors and pretty grimyand scuffed surfaces, the cult stuff. Those combine to make one helluva great atmosphere. Basically. Horror setting heavily offset by excessively unrealistic gore and silly dark humor. Put short, you're a former cultist, betrayed. You get resurrected and go on a rampage on the Cabal.- Soundtrack. MIDI goodness, sounds best with Timbres of Heaven.- Challenging yet fair and fun gameplay. Weapons are fun. Even at mid difficulty there is a solid challenge, don't you dare stay in open and still when fighting the cultists. There are lots of secrets to find, keep on searching a level neurotically and trying every bookshelf, differing spot on a wall etc to find secret places with goodies.- Enemy AI is pretty good. Cultists randomly go prone to throw your aim off. They throw dynamite at higher difficulties, watch yourself! The Gargoyles constantly shift moving directions and move fast too when not attacking, to make them harder to hit. And what else is there.- Gunplay is great. Thompson is so awesome to fire full auto and wipe out squads of cultists. Double barreled shotgun too is fun and nice boom it makes.- The protagonist. An undead betrayed cultist who surely is not gonna just deal with his betrayal. A sarcastic combat loving gunslinger. Has a great selection of one liners, some which are uttered on certain points in levels and rest are said when you dynamite enemies. And then there also is the great, truly insane laughter randomly when you bomb enemies with dynamite.- Truly excessive and over the top gore. Cultists who burn to death somehow get turned inside out. Their innards fall out and blood sprays high up and around them, and their skeleton falls down.Cons:- Closing doors of non mechanical kind crush you to death. And every door closes automatically. Really is a bad feature. Just what monolith.- This release ain't necessarily best technically, although it is serviceable. I think the steam version should be updated to come with GDXBlood port as a launch option. Dosbox emulation does work well enough though.So what are you waiting for?Buy the game and embark on your adventure of slaying monsters and underlings of a vile cult."
,Recommended,299030,28299561,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mr. Killer God,Best FPS made with Build Engine
76561197961267671,Recommended,299030,24681623,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,* LGG * McBain,"This game is akin to Gone with the Wind, The GodFather, Star Wars, and Conan the Barbarian.  Absolute genius for its time and one that every gamer should pay homage to."
,Recommended,299030,11278770,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mushy-93,"I edited my review as I can get the game to play now.I was disappointed this game wasn't updated like Shadow Worrier Classic Redux and Duke Nukem 3D. (This is a DOSBox Game)After a few hours of trying I finally managed to get the game to work, I downloaded every single launcher and patcher and whatnot I could find and eventually I found out i was having an Issue with the .conf files and .cfg not having matching information causing a crash on start.Interestingly I can not make it run through the Launcher and have to use the GOGSetup.exe (Yes, this is the *exact same as the GOG version, most of the files are still called GOG something or another)It's a fantastic game gameplay wise just like every thing on the BUILD engine but unless you are playing it for nostalgia purposes I would recommended waiting until it goes on a massive sale. (Though if your a fan of the build engine 5 dollers is fair as it's the *exact same* game you loved 17 years ago)With that being said the Engine is more advanced that the Duke Nukem 3D or Shadow Worrior build, All wepons have secondary fireing modes, You can cook off your hand bombs and change how far you throw them, Wepons pick ups are 3d models, You can shoot enemys heads off and kick them all around on the floor and enemys can fly around and over you very fluidly.The gameplay is great but the voice acting is a little lacking. In other Build games your character will make sexist, racest crude comments and adult humor every other kill but in this game you rarely talk.Overall I would rate this game a 8.5 out of 10. It would have got a 10/10 if You said something cool every time you blew someone up.I urge everyone to spam Atari (the guys that own the rights) and all the Old Developers and shareholders to do what is necessary to get the souse code released to the public.(Oh and thanks for all of the comments that essentialaly say ""works for me your computer just sucks"", you really helped me get it running.)"
,Recommended,299030,24848371,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,MAKLA,"My favorite DOOM clone to date. Something about it just feels so right.It's just some good old-fashioned bloody FUN, y'know? Tough as nails, too. Even on normal.However, the controls have aged like milk under the hot summer sun, so make sure you look into how to fix them by reading the steam guides."
,Recommended,299030,30049079,Posted: 19 February,all,TotallyTasteless,"There's a lot of great DoS shooters out there, Blood is without a doubt my favorite.Blood is one of the first games to have alternate firing modes with a variety of weapons that stand out even today. Used to pistol being your first weapon? Switch that with a flare gun. Stick a flare to your target and wait for the fire to burst while jumping around like a maniac. The array of oddball firearms are a main contender why blood is unique.You end up micromanaging your weapons in the heat of combat, these guns aren't just bullet sprayers. I'll be damned if this doesn't have the most satisfying grenade throw in any game out there, lighting a stick of dynamite and throwing it in a precise ark makes you feel fully capable against the motley cast of enemies that you need to adapt your playstyle to.The sheer amount of levels you get with this edition is staggering, with hidden easter eggs that have refrences to popular horror tropes that would make any fan scream with glee. There's something about the gothic look blood has that no other game has reproduced since.When you think about the limited amount of tools the developers had at the time it makes me gobsmacked that they somehow still managed to make some incredibly iconic and atmospheric levels for the time being. Even the old textures that have a limited color palette still hold up because of the deliberate color choice the developers took.I'm not a big fan of cd-soundtrack enabled by default in this version, there's a certain charm to a lot of the old midi renditions but this ends up being a case of personal preference that's changeable through the options menu. I find it hard pressed to have any negative things to say about Blood, i guess the uncanny playdooh esque cutscenes are the worst part of the game. But they're such a small part of the game that it doesn't detract from the overall feeling.This a great game to pop open just to have some fast chaotic fun. it was criminally overshadowed by Duke 3D at it's release. ""Blood"" still holds up, so even if you don't belong in the category of DoS enthusiast, this game is well worth your time."
76561198128241172,Recommended,299030,28019833,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sir Squidly,"I was killed over and over again in the 1st level, then around the end of the 1st level, I accidently jumped off the head of some insane cultists, and got a free Napalm Launcher.10/10 would play again"
76561197970740493,Not Recommended,299030,30087880,Posted: 21 February,all,Red Cooter,"A solid FPS from the 90's.Unfortunately, this version is a cheap port that runs like garabage, even on newer PC's.Don't buy this game on steam."
76561198118604066,Recommended,299030,24435276,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,tony_cannoli,Good for people looking to scratch that old fps itch some of us have...still one of the most underrated 90's era fps games in my opinion an absolute classic
,Recommended,299030,27590751,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sascha Konietzko,one of my most played game ever! (not on Steam)we used to play deathmatch on this game like every night.. Let the bloodbath begin!was just so fun totally destroying everyone with pretty much all of the overpowered weapons.I love it!
76561198002496515,Recommended,299030,27855412,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sammythecritter,Build engine gloriness!!! Monolith did the job. =P
,Recommended,299030,11786760,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,HazMatt,"I remember playing this game on my old dos computer. Back then I was only a child, so all the gore and horror elements used to scare me.Fast forward to 2014 I rediscovered this game, only to get sucked into the story and all the great horror refrences in this game.Blood is a game of survival, make no doubt about it. You will die! You will run out of ammo, and you will get creeped out.Besides D00M and Duke Nukem 3D this is by far my favorite in the old school fps lineup."
76561198129841571,Recommended,299030,12115017,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ogdonkeypuncher,"the halloweeniest♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played, campy, gory and spooky to the max with no short supply of cool and gruesome imagery. best enjoyed on a candy corn and apple cider sugar rush"
76561197970708144,Recommended,299030,22425659,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,resiseven7,"Only a few words can describe this game:""Holy Christ, thats alot of blood...""And that means the game is good."
,Recommended,299030,20465841,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Demon27248,"Amazing Build engine shooter that rivals the Duke in many ways. It's dosbox, but it runs fine. Level design is the highlight."
76561197963666169,Recommended,299030,25317965,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,D-Mennis,"I love it when post of meme's online and say games like halo ""was my first FPS"". I'm really glad I've stumbled on this game and didn't realize it was on steam for quite a few years now. This was actually my first FPS of pc gaming in the late 90's. Blood for what it was at the time was way ahead of it's time in terms of gameplay and weapons system. How man games do you know of today that use a voodoo stick, lighter and dynamite to explode enemies? Considering the populatiry of zombie apocolypse games,movies and tv series they should really consider making a Blood remake, I've  really missed this game so much."
76561198019965252,Recommended,299030,29197401,Posted: 11 January,all,RobHunter89,"This game is often overlooked in the midst of all the 90's shooters out there. I never understood why, because Blood is awesome!Blood runs on the build engine (same as Duke 3D), so you can expect tons of interactivity with the enviroment. Blood has great enemies, and if you are a horror fan you will find a lot of references. The gunplay is also great, and Blood has some of the most interesting weapons of any FPS. I mean.. come one.. You use an aerosol can and a lighter! How cool!"
76561198095924054,Recommended,299030,21171652,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,FusionJay,"This old school shooter was surprisingly fun, it brought back enjoyable memories when playing duke nukem or doom.tips before playing:-watch out for sliding doors which can kill you if you stand in between-save often and use more than one save slot-be caution with explosives"
,Recommended,299030,12745372,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,snot,this game really needs a good port like duke and shadow warrior
,Recommended,299030,22349469,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Clancy McFancy,"I'm on the fence on this game, Its strange but good, but at the same time it isn't. Anyway, It's still a lazy port, why couldn't they just do what 3D Realms did?"
76561198198102387,Recommended,299030,30334748,Posted: 5 March,all,Faustus1something,"Blood is a great old shooter. Simillar to other games made with the build engine such as Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3D.However, this is not the version you are looking for. It is the original game run through dos-box.You can't access the expansion through the launcher.I am reviewing this version the core game is great. If you like old shooters the you'll enjoy blood if not then you won't.Pros: It runs. It requires a bit of fiddling to map the controls and to set the game to your liking though.It's Blood.Cons: You need to fiddle a bit with the settings in order to get it running how you like it. This isn't a bad thing especially if you are used to older games which need some trial and error to get running.This isn't updated at all. Both Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3D have been overhauled for newer systems. With better textures, mouse support etc.Like I said earlier getting expansion running requires you to launch it seperately using dos box.If you have the patience to fiddle with settings then by all means play the game. If not then don't"
,Recommended,299030,17892647,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,松本 りせ,"One important thing first: This game runs on DOSBox and has no steam overlay support originally, check the guides because people found a way around that, it seems.No matter how many games I buy and play, I always end up coming back for Blood. It's an old game that begs for an ""adaption"", like Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem got here on steam, the controls take time to get used (because most of us now are used to the classic WASD + Mouse) but I prefer them classic - you can browse the guides if you wanna check what kind of ""solutions"" they found for this game ;)It's a tough game with tons of references to classic movies like Jaws, Psycho and The Crow. Seriously, this game is really hard and the best thing is to save frequently, and your arsenal is huge, you surely will find a weapon that does the job better than some others.One problem I have is that sometimes the difficulty is not really balanced. But what can I expect? It's a Blood bath! (I never checked the multiplayer setting, I am almost sure it doesn't work :3Easily in my top 15 games of all time."
,Recommended,299030,25455195,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ErbanVision,Before F.E.A.R there was Blood.8/10 Verdict: The Dark God has betrayed you time to pay him back in Blood
,Recommended,299030,25436374,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thunder XtaTic,"Great game and a fun retro FPS. I love the occult setting and fun levels, especially the first episode which was the BEST. I am in the middle of episode 2 now. Episode 2 is kinda meh but still a great game."
,Recommended,299030,34056202,Posted: 6 August,all,Corpso,Set the controls to WASD and press the toggle mouselook key and there you go have funcheesy horror themesgoofy and very charming voicework and graphicshard and weirdvery fun
76561197975491819,Recommended,299030,31068936,Posted: 10 April,all,Pickle Rick,one of the best games Ever...... I live again  ! ! !
,Recommended,299030,11484564,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"Blood is so high up on my favorite games list it surpasses all other build engine games.If I were to use one word to describe the experience it would be unique.With its themes and weapons, it just makes for a fun experience that has yet to be emulated.Weapons make the game a literal blast with an arsenal consisting of unorthodox yet strangely satisfying tools of destruction like the voodoo dolls and aersol cans.Levels come in a large amount and have tons of variety in size and difficulty all having themes similar to that of classic horror films.A disappointment is that this is still the dosbox release (specifically the GOG release), as the games source code is still unreleased.Hopefully a bigger push for the source code can come from the Steam releases of Blood 1 & 2 as they are games that should be played, and played without issue."
76561198014101163,Recommended,299030,12887650,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,D_West,this game is one of my all time favorites! right up there with doom.humor! gore! challenging firefights! got it all.dont let the 16 bit graphics bother you. the gameplay is world class.HIGHLY recommended.
76561198124319614,Not Recommended,299030,35073363,Posted: 19 September,all,Terminator126,It's a good game BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WTF IS WRONG WITH THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CONTROLS!
76561198130284480,Recommended,299030,16842511,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Calum,"So people are upset it's a DOS box Emulator and not a fully fledged port. That's okay. I get it. And there are times where this glitches out. But I mean cmon, it's an old enough game just be happy it's on Steam.I for one didn't really care it was a DOSBox emulator. Okay yes I did already have a copy running on DOSBox but it was a pain to boot and at least this is nice and easy.So that's great. It's the same great game now on Steam. Plays alright, few little glitches but nothing you wouldn't expect from a game of this age!"
,Recommended,299030,12964562,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Farket,"An absolute classic FPS. Lots of blood, great unique weapons and the comedy is great. It is unfortunate that the resoultion cannot be change from letterbox as far as I know. The games code was never released so it cannot be modified. Great fun 9/10"
76561198003700742,Recommended,299030,11798631,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,crystalic,"I loved the game when it first came out and still today i can play this game and just loose myself in the wonderful horror world that ""Blood"" gives you. If you played ""Duke nukem 3D"" or  the classic ""DOOM"" you will like this one as well. Hours of playtime will keep you coming back for more...BLOOD!"
,Recommended,299030,18751326,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"The first time I saw this game, I was like ""yes, yes, yes!"".This game is awesome, a true shooter experience.It plays exactly like Shadow Warrior (1997) and Duke Nukem 3D.The horror is simply epic, I love horror but there is nothing that is enough for me, this game is not scary to me but there is some kind of suspense, the atmosphere, the music, the graphics, kind of complicated to explain but I can assure you that this game is great.This game has really great music and it even has a playable piano in game.I'd suggest it to anyone who likes games such as Quake, Doom, Painkiller, Duke Nukem or even Serious Sam.9/10"
,Recommended,299030,13152279,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,shadowpunk93,"This was my very first gun game I have ever played! I used to watch my dad play it when I was five years old, and then would proceed to sneak and play it when no one was looking. I love the story and the quirky jokes (usually consisting of little easter eggs from old horror films). I'm SO happy Steam has finally put it on here."
76561197993403156,Recommended,299030,27883970,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cuckoo for Chaos,"If you long for the days of a classic first person shooter, then I highly recommend ""Blood"". Challenging old-school gameplay, fast paced and relentless action with hordes of enemies to mow down and some excellent pitch black humor all add to the nostalgic run-and-gun fun. So whether you're an old hand of the FPS genre or a newer player looking to try something a little outside your wheel house give ""Blood"" a try, you won't be disappointed."
76561198034782971,Recommended,299030,13190146,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Doctor Innocuous,"BLOOD is a classic fps with originality and style. Your weaponry consists of a pitchfork, a flare-gun, an oldschool double barrel, a tommy gun, an aerosol can, a bundle of TNT, a napalm launcher, a tesla cannon, and a voodoo doll. You can stab, burn, electricute, blow up, and ""voodoo"" your enemies to death. Its gritty and dark and even funny at times. Also you can play soccer with your enemies severed heads!!! 100/10 (a word of advice enable mouselook. default=u)"
76561198064996679,Recommended,299030,14538943,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Manbat201,Another classic game from Monolith its play the same as duke nukem and shadow warrior for the most part but the engine has been modifed and the game is base on horror movies and this games weapon are very different from games on the build engine. For me anyways Blood is alot harder than duke nukem 3d and shadow warrior.Overall this is a good game but if u are use to playing cod or battlefield you might just want to A.) avoid this game or B.) play DooM first then this.I rate this game 9/10
76561198066291607,Recommended,299030,29931286,Posted: 14 February,all,[Ho40cln] HORSE40,I knew this from DOS age and this is why I wanted to buy it. This games is just ... Awsome. Graphics are OLD but hey it is a old game :) . I really like horror elements in this game and weapons. My score: 8 / 10 .
,Recommended,299030,21111344,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Tony Montana,"My favourite game, 0 problems, works great on my Win 7 32 bit I recommend this game for fans of oldschool, gore movies and games!!! :D :D"
,Recommended,299030,13554662,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Légionnaire Tomasch,10/10
76561198085021094,Recommended,299030,27708876,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Badbassman,"Blood is basically a b-horror movie turned fps. It's combination of gore, violence, great writing and amazing level design made it a pc classic that everyone should play."
76561198061971228,Recommended,299030,27663850,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ugandan Bruce Lee,"its one of the best 90's fps games right up there with doom and duke 3d, sad it never got the recognition it deserved"
76561197961754910,Recommended,299030,13825030,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jopsie,Old game that can take some messing about to get it running and the controls will feel a little basic to begin with but it's worth revisiting booting a zombies head around and playing co-op against cerberus.
,Recommended,299030,23151624,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SpaceLordMoFu,9/10. A very cool and creepy Duke Nukem/Doom/ShadowWarrior kind of game. Fun time killer if your into classic pc shooters. Tons of sweet weapons.
,Recommended,299030,21269349,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Retro80sman,"Great game from the best decade of FPS. Good horror references, BIG♥♥♥♥♥GUNS, hard but not different gameplay and that awesome  song Love You To Death by Type O Negative. 10 out of ♥♥♥♥in 10!"
,Recommended,299030,28157520,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Птичий Успех,"They rebooted or continued every epic shooter: Duke Nukem, Doom, Wolfenstein, Serious Sam, even ♥♥♥♥♥i Rise of The Triad. And they all but forgot about Blood. What a shame."
76561198079916881,Recommended,299030,21246986,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Golden Boy,"no words needed, just a cool game if you like retro ones."
76561198114428727,Recommended,299030,19244184,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,kekky,its a cheap gem why not?
76561198202108019,Recommended,299030,30718919,Posted: 24 March,all,lolagatorade,Amazing game with cheats its not as hard. Imagine playing bioshock infinite with bearly no ammo and in 1998 modeOver all game is entertaning for a emulator and you need a decent cpu for the emulation as the graphics and all are demanding for a old game as compared to doom. overall its an amazing gae and cheats enhance it as long as you keep it challenging but still playable and not a killing spree.
76561197965193437,Recommended,299030,34954607,Posted: 14 September,all,?Syntax Error,"One of the best FPS games of a golden era, and also my favorite build engine game. It's difficult but also much fun and very rewarding to complete the levels and find secrets.This game truly is a hidden gem, and I still find it very entertaining to play even after all those years. I wish games nowadays had the same creativity, fun and atmosphere in them, but sadly most shooters now are all about graphics and less about gameplay.So this game is highly recommended, even if you are too young to ever played the game back in the 90's :)"
76561198105209336,Recommended,299030,13274703,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Joshmc28,"So much nostalgia, such a great game."
76561198072781875,Recommended,299030,11598064,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,NightRunner52,"This game is a horror movie fans wet dream. There are tons of references to major horror films such as The Evil Dead 1 & 2, Return of The Living Dead, The Shining, Jaws, Frankenstien and many more. The plot is pretty simple, you got screwed over by the devil or something and you want to make him pay...preferably by choking him with his own intestines. The game is a simple Doom clone but with a little more 3-D rendered objects, for example, the keys, weapons, and some pickups are actually 3-D models and not 2-D sprites. The gore is pretty high in this game as well, so if you like that well here you go. I have a couple complaints with older games like this is, one of them is that it has to run in DOS-Box, however DOS-Box is prepacked with the game so you don't have to go and download it, just install and play. Another gripe is that when I am playing I can't find a way to use the mouse for aiming so I have to stick with awkward controls. Besides those small issues the game holds up pretty well today. Go check it out, it's pretty cheap so it won't break the bank. 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,299030,23594398,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bandit Keith,This is one of the best first person shooters ever made hands down. Kind of a pain in the butt to set up everything with a modern control scheme and good mouse support but totally worth it. All my playtime is on the gog version cause it has the cd music though.
,Recommended,299030,16187790,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,Harken back to the days of yore with this fantastic semi-3d first person shooter. Blood and guts abound as you shoot/stab/explode your way through demons and zombies and stuff. Can you handle it?! probably. You can probably handle it.
,Recommended,299030,32050239,Posted: 29 May,all,Orpenschlecht,"♥♥♥♥ this some hard♥♥♥♥♥♥But its ♥♥♥♥ing METAL.I love it.59,678 / 80,000 Smackeromps"
76561198046734749,Recommended,299030,31321406,Posted: 23 April,all,romanius16,"Blood is extremely good game with rare weapons excelent atmosphere and very hard-so classic old school game.I would recommend this game to all who loves violence,darkness and challenges.Rating: 86%"
76561198088809782,Recommended,299030,30968277,Posted: 5 April,all,scout19k,I LOVE this game reminds me of the firstime I played Doom
,Recommended,299030,21063366,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,buckytubbs,I playerd the hell out of this in 1998 and I have played the hell out of it now great game than great game now!
,Recommended,299030,16091601,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,corrupted,old school gore ∞/100
,Recommended,299030,12729144,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Yvershek,"Laziest port imaginable, but that's to be expected since the sale page has a video of the game at ~6 frames per second. Then there is the fact that Atari doesn't have the source code or has never bothered to look for it.Despite this, it's still my favorite fps of all time. The weapons, enemies, and wry humor come together for an unforgettable game. Many levels are based on horror classics and all of them will keep you on your toes for an intense experience."
,Recommended,299030,24318467,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,IRI. pls,"On of the best old games. Wish multiplayer was working on steam.Before I played:＼＼        ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                       ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198103591851,Recommended,299030,33524287,Posted: 13 July,all,likejagger5,"Blood: One Unit Whole Blood Review.Blood is a classic FPS that runs on the build engine it was relesed in 1997 by Monolith studios. It is a classic FPS and is one of the best games running on the build engine. This game pushes the build engine to show off what it can do.Blood is a first person shooter that is themed after horror movies while duke nukem was themed after action movies and shadow warrior was themed after kung fu movies. Blood is a one of the best games running on the build engine and is a true classic First person shooter.Blood is one of the hardest First person shooters ever made. One of your best weapons is litterly throwing dynomite at enemies hoping it will not kill you and yes, the cultists throw dynomite at you too. Blood is a very gorey game full of horror movie refferances a dark atmosphere gothic horror and lovely somber music. Caleb is a great charater with more of a story than other shooters had at the time.While blood is a great game and this is the version of blood that gives you all 6 episodes and works it is not a great port. It runs poorly in dos box and the PC options are awful, the control rebinding does not work as well as it could and it runs slowly on dosbox. However my guide on how to install the GDX source port, how to install new levels and episodes and even set up multipalyer matches on meltdown, all of this content being free including a new episode called death wish can be found in this link, this steam port is not so bad with GDX. My link to my guide is here(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=952112300)But is the GOG port better? Absolutely look at any of the negitive reviews for blood and most of them complain about the awful port the steam version not the game itself.To Conclude, should you get One Unit Whole Blood on steam? Yes i would recommend it for its low price, how great the game is, how much content you can get with modding, and the challenge. Is the GOG port better? Absoultely. is the steam port unplayable without mods? It works but it does not play well, is blood worth the price if you install blood GDX and maybe some other goodies? Yes it absolutely is worth getting for 6$.Do I recommend you get this game? Yes, it absolutely is worth getting but only if you are a hardcore FPS fan wo likes difficult classic games."
,Recommended,299030,12644810,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Squirrel,"As a huge fan of classic first person shooters, I have to say this game is a very good experience. I won't bother with the story, but I will say it's very fun and can easily be in my top 10 FPS games. Originally created by 3D Realms fresh off of Duke Nukem 3D, this game is like a parody of horror movies in the same with Duke 3D is a parody of Action films and Shadow Warrior of Kung-Fu films. There are references to The Shining, Jaws, Friday the 13th, A Nightmare on Elmstreet, Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness (of course) and a lot more. I give it a 8/10. The shooting feels great, and it's very satisfying to kill things. My only gripe is the hand enimes (they are a reference to Evil Dead 2) which are hard to shoot and take a lot of health very quickly. Oh, P.S.- This game is hard as Duke Nukem's balls of steel."
,Recommended,299030,13800743,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,the salt lord,it has a train level 9/10
76561198214848400,Recommended,299030,32799751,Posted: 25 June,all,Djibouti Viking,This is a hard game to recommend at full price because of the absolutely outdated controls. It is such a pain even attempting to configure something that is usable. This definitely deserves some sort of remaster. I'd say it would easily be worth the dollar if you can pick it up on sale.
76561198069583225,Recommended,299030,12308630,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,daveish77,A Blood soaked F*** YEAH finally!
,Recommended,299030,12443338,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Wraith420,AWESOME loved this back in the day
76561198015035817,Recommended,299030,11672251,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Bad Religion Fan,Its good to see that this epic game is on steam. Just as good as I remember :)
,Recommended,299030,12085933,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,iddqd,"FINALLY it's available on Steam. I've waited waaaay to long for this.To be fair, the port isn't the best. It's just DOSbox. But you'll most likely never see a port like Duke Nukem 3D and/or DOOM have got since Monolith lost the source code of the game and thus, it's nearly impossible for them to make a port.Ah well, it runs very well anyways. You might wanna check out the game's forums for some decent tweaks (Like the mouse).Easily my favorite oldschool-shooter besides DOOM."
,Recommended,299030,11499382,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sir Snark Le Serc Du Pla,This is one of the coolest shooters to come from the 90's. It's a perfect blend of classic 3D realms and a mess of movie references. Absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,299030,12683801,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,gwynbLeidd,"Good old days... with Blood <3. Even tough I had that black CD with a bloody hand print on it, I just couldn't stand that price... But, this still doesn't change that I'm really mad at Atari.If they let the other guys do the remake or at least a REDUX, I would be so happy and pay whatever it is.So, it's a shut up and take money situation for me.But I guess Atari just wants to lay down on $1 million by doing nothing.Instead of failing more, they can even do the redux themselves.to Atari; Personally, just give me 1080p resolution and a smooth mouse gameplay.I'd give you at least (!) $10-15 for those 2 features.I don't even need new textures or features...Edit After 2 years : It seems like a guy completely remade the main game (all episodes).""BloodCM"", look it up guys! It's awesome.You can also make it work in steam.Now the only thing the world needs is its two expansion packs left unmade."
76561198128081627,Recommended,299030,11991530,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,xc4rverx,"trip back in time, as good as I remember!"
76561197977018635,Recommended,299030,11797115,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,BloodNblades,"This is one of my old favorites and it still makes me jump regardless of the bad graphics!I wish someone would re-make this with source engine but just add a few new weapons and nice textures, as I would be hooked. :)"
76561198153628861,Recommended,299030,18805154,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Crazy(-_+)Slots,"This is the ultimate horror fps game. Remeber how nowdays when you play Halo, Call of Duty, etc. and they always limit you weapons to two (a secondary and a primary). Well this game just ignores that rule and gives you a whole arsenal of insane weapons. Call of duty gives you a tiny knife for melee. Well ever tried using a pitchfork?Flamethrower? No need, just use a lighter and spray can! Who cares about grenades when you can just use a dynamite and a lighter! Who needs guns when you can just use a voodoo doll!10/10 prepare for a game that makes you wonder why they invented grenades and guns."
76561197970509330,Recommended,299030,18286260,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Blurfester,"This game is total and complete awesomeness. Inspired by Doom but much more off the wall. I'm glad this was released on Steam because i've never heard of it before but such a great buy! For old school shooter fanatics as well as new ones you can't go wrong with this title. You have given you soul to evil, only to have evil stab you in the back and kill you. So, you arise from the dead to get your revenge.  Just trust me and buy it already!! 10/10"
76561198047266382,Recommended,299030,18710292,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"Blood; Designed in a time where FPS's weren't made to be taken seriously.Basic Overview: For anyone who is a fan of FPS games, this is a must play. Developed by Monolith Productions and published by GT Interactive(Now known as Atari) and Eidos Interactive in 1998. One Unit Whole Blood is powered by the same engine that ran Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior.Blood is still a favourite of many, holding heaps of unique characteristics, even to this day. Before the gaming industry really began taking itself seriously due to a very small scale market, games like this could be released that was more-so what the designer personally wanted; a crazy, fun, senseless violence filled shooter.Story: You soul is shredded and palmed off to a dark god whose only reward to you was empty promises, false claims and betrayal, and whoes ultimate goal was to completely eliminate humankind. Now, the only way you can settle the score and have your revenge is blood being spilled. Zombies, gargoyles, demons, hellhounds, cultists or even innocent bystanders, none are spared from your vengeful wrath.Soundtrack: Wonderful ambiance ties in perfectly with the cheesy one liners and the all round atmosphere of the game.Menu: As chunky as any classic game running through DOSbox. Not that many options but a decent amount for it's time.Gameplay: Running rampent through 4 episodes each filled with 8-9 maps, starting with ""The Way of All Flesh"" and finishing with ""Dead Rockoning"" you face up against a vast range of foes(e.g; Zombies, Cultists, Hellhounds etc.) with a charming array of unique weapons(e.g; Pitchfork, Sawed-off shotgun, Voodoo Doll etc.) my personal favourite being the iconic pitchfork. It's senseless gore, non-serious plot, classic FPS horror.Graphics: On par with Doom and Shadow Warrior, it's the classic pixely goodness you've come to know and love. It was amazing for it's time, and honestly, it still is.Final Conclusion: A classic must play for anyone into the FPS genre or just after some difficult gore-filled fun."
,Recommended,299030,18064624,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Sam Paddock Hyde,I'm the only person in my friends list who has this game.And it's good.
,Recommended,299030,17891094,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Konker ✪,"One of the best singe-player game in history. The only bad thing about this game is how short it is. Best experience at ""Extra Crispy"" difficulty if you like it hardcore and strategic. Save up on that dynamite, you'll need it !"
,Recommended,299030,16085303,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Your Local N00B,"11/10 Sadist SimulatorGuts go flying, head will roll and get kicked (hue zombie head soccer), explosions everywhere.Although, expect to spend an hour or two just getting the dammed game running as the port to steam is just terrible."
,Recommended,299030,23478936,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MetalHead,Bloody Magnificent Game.
,Recommended,299030,33841405,Posted: 27 July,all,Azmodan_Kijur,"Excellent old school game. I played this back in the day and remembered it fondly. The game is challenging (on the higher difficulty levels) and the humor is completely tongue in cheek.I definitely recommend picking this up. It's a fun little romp. Further to that, do yourself a favour and get the excellent BloodGDX port (just Google it). It makes the game windows compatible. While it's not yet fully complete, it made playing Blood far, far better than DosBox. Grab it and enjoy."
,Recommended,299030,34108249,Posted: 8 August,all,Smoked Bastard,"Wow some like a remaster, work under Win 10/64 via DOSbox, on Screen with 16:9 work perfectly, controls i remap to w,a,s,d, enable mouse aiming, definite great for streaming, i feel like a child again. I feel much better feeling than before year´s, wow that game have a magic.  10/10 Golden Prize"
,Not Recommended,299030,26748281,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Syrrah,"Blood has to be one of my favorite games ever, period. It is the one game I always come back to.So, why am I then not recommending it? Easy: this game did not age well. If you did play the game before, you already know how awesome it is and you don't need this review. But if you are the target audience of this review - someone who hasn't played it yet and whose vision is not clouded by nostalgia - I can imagine you will have a hard time to get into it.Even at release the graphics were dated, everything being drowned in blurry brown and grey pixels. This release has literally zero Steam-integration and just runs in Dosbox, with a fairly minimal resoluton and pretty disappointing framerate. I know that gameplay triumphs graphics, but this Blood really looks and feels outdated.The controls are very oldschool and you will have to use external programs if you want decent mouse + keyboard. Again, those who did play it when it came out decades ago will have no problems with only arrow-keys or, if you are a bit younger, wasd-control, but otherwise jumping into this FPS unprepared will be quite disappointing.Scroll up. Seriously scroll up: one of the top reviews on Steam today is a negative one, questioning how to change controls. Answer me this: do YOU, potential buyer, know how to change the control scheme of a DOS game?If you know of yourself that you are able to appreciate ancient games with ancient looks and ancient controls, then you in for quite a treat. Gameplay is fast and fun. You remember that? Straightforward, undilluted fun? Pure FPS goodness in a 1930-ies horror world, with so many winks to horror movies that it will make your head sping. The weapons feel great, the humour is on the mark, the sounds and music breathe atmosphere and level-layout in general is fantasic.Oh God the level design, no other game ever came close to it ... just thinking about it makes me want to load up Blood again! Of course the story is rubbish, but if you really expected better from a 1996 FPS then you are probably in the wrong place kid.So, I repeat: this game is a marvel. But if you don't already know that, the chance that you will ever come to agree with me is small. The barrier for a new player has become just too large to overcome and this will end up being another ""classic"" game in your steam folder that you simply never come to actually playing.(Please don't bother responding to this review, I'll probably never read your reply.)"
76561198040317132,Recommended,299030,11387910,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sp00paddon 지옥,"A true FPS classic. If you enjoyed Duke Nukem 3D, Doom, Heretic, Hexen - any of the Doom styled shooters of the 90's, you'll surely love Blood: One Unit Whole Blood.From it's gritty atmospheric ambience and music to the horrors that lurk around the corridors and corners. Display your vengeance against unholy hordes of zombies, gargoyles, preaching maniacs and more with a plethora of epic weapons at your arsenal such as the Double Barrel Shotgun, the bullet spraying Tommy Gun, to the Voodoo Doll and explosive TNT!This game is a must have on your Steam Libary if you're a fan of these classic 90's shooters and old school FPS!(-My only minor problem with the game is that after playing it and quitting out back to my desktop, my Windows task bar and start menu dissapears and CTRL+ALT+DEL doesn't work efficiently as the task manager keeps flickering and dissapearing, if anyone knows how to fix this, please let me know!)"
,Recommended,299030,12676045,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wolfwood,"Alrighty!I've never played this before, but the DOS emulation isn't as bad as people are complaining.  ""Oh, the sound track bugs out!""  ""I've never played doom or heretic in ze dos days, so these controls suck!""-Controls:  Pretty simple if you gamed in the dos days.  The arrows to move/turn...a to jump..ctrl is attack...space to open/use...number keys to switch weapons.  Why whine about that?-The audio it atmospheric and wonderful for the gameplay.-Menus are your typical doom/heretic set up.-Emulation..I'm not picky myself, but for the things the kiddies are whining about who need every thing perfect for their spoiled brat mentalities...just shut up and play it on a dos computer then...dosbox itself is not perfect nor is any emulation of a dos game!  Just getting them to work on modern oses is a pain for developers, so be grateful or sut up!-Story is your typical not really there...just maul all the enemies like in doom and heretic get to the end blahblahblah...guess you can say this is the typical bit of a Doom era fps horror game.-graphics the game is literally like well it looks like the child of Duke Nukem 3D and Doom-The main character's personality is clearly that of Dukenukem...he never shuts up when he picks something up and gets all egotistical about it.-I've noticed no issue other than having to search in the game's directory to play some parts it isn't as bad as some people whine about though.  As for the part about not working with modern cards...lol wut?  Kiddies I got a 2 way 280x crossfire which works in part with an oced 9370, 16gbs of 1600 mhz ram, and to top it off both 280xs are oced on their own.  I can play this game just fine.  If you are crying about graphics this game is DOS era ffs!  XD-Online play...kinda dead for 2 decades! lol...5/5 for what it is I highly suggest this for ID fanboys like me!"
76561197974036725,Recommended,299030,12768040,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rob,"I know this Game is DosBox and will get alot of Flak for it. But let's be realistic, you dont buy a 3 dollar game and expect it to stick its hand down the front of your trousers and have a rummage. This game as well as Other Classic bundles available are essential if you enjoy the nostalgia from playing them as a kid. Yes the oldschool gameplay is there with the mouse aim not able to pass 45 degrees up or down. Yes some resolutions don't work properly, 800x600 works well.In short, dont buy if your expecting a Redux product for next to nothing. But its the same old Blood it used to be."
,Recommended,299030,14660265,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hamakei,"I have a confession to make. I love all four of the ""main"" BUILD games. Duke, Shadow Warrior, Blood and Redneck Rampage all have their own unique character and style, despite being basically the same games with different art and sounds. The last two unfortunately seem to be owned by companies who aren't interesting in using what they've got, which is a shame. Despite Duke and SW both having their source code releases, we've had no such luck with Blood and RR. There are are a couple of exploratory games which are attempting to remake Blood, but without access to the source code, they just don't *feel* right. As as everybody knows, ""feel"" is very important with an FPS. So, the only way to play Blood for now is through DOSBox.Luckily modern computers are powerful enough to run DOSBox without a glitch, so Blood can now be played faithfully on near enough any x86 based machine you want. Which is good, as Blood is amazing. Whilst Duke is based on guns'n'muscle action movies and SW is schlocky kung fu, Blood is low-budget gory horror movies. So think... Evil Dead 2 - The Game. That's about what we're dealing with. So, your character quotes one-liners whilst kicking a zombie's head across the graveyard. You can use an aerosol as an improvised flamethrower, set people on fire with flare guns, and wield two guns at once, Woo-style. This is not a game that takes itself seriously.The level design is wonderful, with plenty of variety in locations - my favourites being the ""house of horrors"" secret level, and the train from the first Episode. Sound design is well done as usual, with the cultists spouting a conlang made for the game, and nice atmospheric music.Unfortunately at this point the Build engine was starting to show it's age, and some of the graphical workarounds don't really work - particularly things like the train cars. Still, it's fun. And that's what's important."
76561198050049656,Recommended,299030,21894520,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,IHateStairs,"This is a great game. I would say this is a part of ""The Holy Trinity"" of 90's first person shooters (That being this, Duke 3D, and Shadow Warrior). This version of Blood is the original dos version so configuring controls and customizing your game might be a little difficult. I would recommend using BloodCM to have more modern settings.Link to BloodCM:http://m210.duke4.net/"
,Recommended,299030,16366397,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mongrel Senpai,"I remember playing Blood as a 10 year old on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Compaq Presario around Y2K time. Fantastic shooter. Some parts of the game were too scary for me (at the time) to beat.However, the port is a little wonky where FPS drops down significantly at higher resolutions.For me, this isn't super crucial. Game is still 100% playable at 320x200."
76561198022150788,Recommended,299030,12517068,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Doom0666695,I love this game  but  sadly  can't  record it. would someone  help me  on figuring out  how to record Blood? its a fun game to record plus a great game for  Halloween
,Not Recommended,299030,12732425,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bastian ☯,Really bad port. Unplayable! don´t waste any money on this.
76561198098423566,Not Recommended,299030,23776525,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ridway,"yup, it is a good game. Full of blood, gut and meat fly everywhere. I like the double barrel shotgun, that is my personal weapon. One terrible thing is there is no control option to change button to play it easy, i played the free version on my old computer."
,Recommended,299030,18771891,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nasalathotep,"Blood: One Game Whole Classic!Not remastered likeDuke Nukem 3D - Megaton EditionorShadow Warrior Classic Redux, but who cares, when it comes to awesomeness like this?By the way, there's a config file in its folder you should check out before you give up on the controls. ;)"
76561198007928159,Recommended,299030,11738627,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,NatPaglesExtremeFishingSchlong,Marana infirmux!
76561198044194453,Recommended,299030,11457477,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,cardboardmark,"The direct port I've been waiting for, sure does take me back! A great classic FPS. Very dark, destructive, and bloody. The humor is tucked in prefectly. Couldn't ask for anything else. THANK YOU!"
00120321789504843,Recommended,299030,22664271,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Schrodinger,Heavy Weapons Guy: So Much Blood !
76561198116731029,Recommended,299030,14876388,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ollie The Autist,Threw tnt at a group of people and burst into evil laughter just as Caleb did900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10Would Laugh like a psycho again.
,Recommended,299030,26822790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wxteleki,BEST EVER FPS
,Recommended,299030,25645056,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"This is actually the game called BLOOD. The original CD version of the game was called One whole unit of blood, and included a Red Book CD track from ""Type O negative"".This version is the same as the downloaded version, with NO CD tracks. It relies on a sort of Mode Tracker for its audio support.You really need to get the newest version of DOSBOX, and tweak the settings. Atari really ruined this port.Game is 10/10Steam version is LOL/10"
76561198080766036,Recommended,299030,26310941,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eeeboy2u,I feel that i did not get one of the episodes wich is cryptic passage it came with 5 episodes instead of 6 i would like to have the 6 episodes please
76561198132272115,Recommended,299030,28803626,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DukeNukem812,verry nice
,Recommended,299030,18753384,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,PatsDark,"This game is the absolute king of old school first person shooters. I played tons of hours of the single player, coop and deathmatch via modem back in the days. Never have i seen also, such a vibrant homage to so many things of horror and games. An absolute gem that went unnoticed and unnapreciated... Such a shame. To this day the content and quality of this title is rarely met. It's very similar technically to the excellent Duke Nukem 3d game. You won't be able to play multiplayer with this, so all that is left is the excellent and imaginative single player game. I'd pay full price for a online ready full remake of this in today's technology. Hands down. Also worth noting that the cd versions soundtrack is in the game and is what you will hear when you play this aged, yet excellent classic."
76561198005175507,Recommended,299030,26614065,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Magnus Anatolius,11/10Has a manual=> would buy it again :)))
76561198058895396,Recommended,299030,31202430,Posted: 17 April,all,O_samli -Conarium Dev-,"...not played but lived it back then when it first came out, favorite FPS game of all times..."
,Recommended,299030,32707357,Posted: 23 June,all,Sunr' ever,It's still frightening in 2017 lol... the OST is briliant and scenarios are scary.
,Recommended,299030,34717223,Posted: 3 September,all,El Fap De Guitario,From the Build Engine Trinity this is my favorite game.
,Recommended,299030,14898109,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Juice in the Oven,"Oh my god, I remember that I found this game on one of my fathers discs by accident when I was a kid.I loved it and played the hell out of it, and to be honest really didn't expect this to be on steam.Great that I can relive these old memoirs again, money's well spent folks."
76561198078949786,Recommended,299030,33655385,Posted: 19 July,all,Accordinance,1997 classic game scares me more than most of modern horror games. Awesome!
,Recommended,299030,33622465,Posted: 17 July,all,parasight,"–IMPORTANT–AlexanderM210 is bringing this game back to life, he's reverse engineering older versions of the game and is making a java(script?) remake for free. It's called gdxBlood, as of now, version 0.770 is out and boy does it look promising.Bloodites unite and donate this god among men a small fortune for his troubles, he deserves it.Let Caleb live, again."
76561198101802133,Not Recommended,299030,19190830,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SquidOfTheStars,"The controls are so radically different from the current standard, which wouldn't be an issue if you could rebind the keys."
,Recommended,299030,12699605,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dewk Noukem,"The game is good,BUTyou have to fix it by yourself to make it work better.Also, there are good ports for Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior, but they were lazy to make one quickly.It's only aDosBoxversion. (=many bugs)And better not talk about mouse control...Buy this game when there is a 50% (or 75%),NOTat full price."
76561198004775641,Not Recommended,299030,19696059,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Emmanuel_W,"A very great game ! But DON'T BUY IT on Steam, go togog.com"
76561198093584531,Not Recommended,299030,23774315,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,-d00d-,"Controls are absolutely dreadful , and you can't change them. Game looks great but I won't play with these controls."
,Recommended,299030,28531028,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,PsyWarVeteran,Requires some fixes before playing but after that it is pure bloody good fun.
76561198060622168,Recommended,299030,24428975,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Platinummatthew,Im here to donate some bloodsomeone elses
76561198282364792,Recommended,299030,26308769,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aeloth13,"Guns Akimbo, pitchfork to the face, zombie head football.666/10, the 90's ruled."
,Recommended,299030,31250527,Posted: 19 April,all,Xolta11,Groovey/10
,Recommended,299030,14656519,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ruff Wizard,ya goth game/10
76561198040396938,Not Recommended,299030,24356861,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mauave,Horrible controls destroyed a (possibly) great game
76561198051143371,Not Recommended,299030,18755512,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Asakvs,dosbox run poorly this game.
76561198256382254,Recommended,299030,30050078,Posted: 19 February,all,Czaplickster12,This game is so f***ked up but I love it.
76561198098389641,Recommended,299030,18141206,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,OUR GREAT LORD AN SAVIOR DONALD TRUMP HAS PROVIDED THIS GAME FOR US!!! ALL HAIL DONALD TRUMP!!! THE SECOND COMING OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!!!!
76561198096327786,Not Recommended,299030,12672300,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Spifferino,"Its a great game, and I love the concept, but the controls KILL me. It's not like I can even switch to Mouse and Keyboard. Its all keyboard. I like the Arcade feel, but once again... I cant't stand the controls. nor can I modify them enough to make them how I want them."
,Not Recommended,299030,12720707,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,wheatleyco,this port sucks do not buy there is no mouse look like doom and the entire control scheme is awkard..the tweaks should have been present in the game for mouselook and it should have had standard FPS comtrols built in.Not recommended just due to the awful controls.
,Not Recommended,299030,21677518,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wolfe Procter,"May have been awesome back in the day, but it's way too dated to enjoy today.  The default controls are clunky, and I don't really feel like reworking the game so it does wasd style movement."
76561198120878197,Not Recommended,299030,13884952,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Rmac11,this game is good but u find your self going on youtued to find out what to do most the time am stuck on it now and is annoying me coz i want to play the rest of the story+ the buttons are set out very strange befor i even jump out my grave i was on the menu changing♥♥♥♥♥♥wich is all contrled by the keybored :/ ethere am♥♥♥♥♥♥are this game is hared as ♥♥♥♥over all not then best
76561198044082707,Recommended,299030,21994552,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Snake,https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL72Ro5orlLWen03C-QGeYMj-E-d0-mVgn
,Not Recommended,299030,14056085,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Powersocke,"This game doesn't get fully reviewed by me. I'd rather wanna tell you why I quit it after 6 minutes of gameplay and never touched it again. It's hard to bore me, it's hard to get me to quit a game because of it's graphics, gameplay or story. What gets me to do that is poor execution at the top of its class.First off: The game could be great. It really could be great. Sure, it's a bit like a ripoff of Doom but still. It's an old FPS with a nice atmosphere. And the graphics are nice, too. I'll say it again: it could be a good game. But...How do I put this? Remember what happened to the classic Doom games when they got on modern systems and such? Right: they received updates to enhance performance and controls. Blood doesn't have that.In Blood, you control the whole game with your keyboard. No mouse support whatsoever. I mean come on! Even Doom could do this.Controlling a game with only your keyboard wouldn't be too bad if it wasn't an FPS. To control an FPS without a mouse and just, for instance, the arrow keys, is a chore. And in this game it sure is a chore. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to control your movements or to aim up or down.Then there's the resolution settings. It is set to 800x600 by default. If you're like me and your monitor isn't from the 80's you'll be weirded out if trying to set the resolution any higher, even if the option is there. Why? Because if you set the resolution to, for instance, 1280x1024, instead of a full screen experience in a higher resolution you get tons of miniature screens packed side by side and you can't see anything. Not that it matters anyway, it's just so damn pointless.Aside from that the little bit of gameplay I experienced wasn't all too good either because the enemies are frickin' bullet sponges (at least in the starting area) and, because of the wacky controls, it's hard to hit anything and your ammo is depleted quickly without you even hitting an enemy.To conclude:The controls are horrendous. It may have rebindable keys but playing an FPS with just your keyboard is excruciating. This one little thing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much that I can not recommend this game since it's next to unplayable if you want to have a decent amount of fun and don't wanna waste time turning around for an hour and a half because it doesn't have mouse support."
76561198021898362,Not Recommended,299030,18769352,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Saint,"I loved this game as a kid, tho for me it was always a shareware version of a few levels. Over time it went lost in many other great memories untill showing up on sale.If you have played Doom or Heretic this game will be on the same line of those games, with the big diference that there is more gore in Blood.Sadly this is not a remake, its ported straight to PC as it was when the game came out making the game utterly annoying to play.I can not recommend this game in the current state, I just hope in a remake like they have done with other titles."
,Recommended,299030,33375070,Posted: 8 July,all,ThuleanPerspective,kill hell
,Not Recommended,299030,16158032,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SalemJuggernaut,The controls were very confusing for me and I didn't want those. I like to play the regular controls on the keyboard.
,Not Recommended,299030,33675057,Posted: 20 July,all,❤ CayCay ❤,"I wanted so much to enjoy this game, because I love this golden age of video games, plus the setting and premise are peculiar and somewhat Lovecraftian.  However, several hours of playthrough (including hours prior to owning this Steam version), I cannot give this one a passing grade.  Weapons are monotonous and unwieldy, monsters are rock-stupid and unvaried, and map designs look and feel like rough drafts.  The maps, although bearing a lot of creative, new themes for the time, seemed to have been haphazardly rushed to production, are aesthetically very dull, and not very play-tested (during my few hours of play, e.g, I was repeatedly killed by auto-closing swinging doors and cabinetry).  Powerups are useless (reflective shots...?), and the different 'elemental' armors, even though they're provided, seem to serve no purpose whatsoever, at least during the first campaign.  And killer rats?  Not even monster rats, just regular rats... seriously...There was an astonishing lack of attention to detail throughout this game, yet no opportunity was missed to insert cheesy movie references, demonstrating a lack of dev priorities.This game is based on the Shadow Warrior engine, itself a modified Duke Nukem 3D 'Build' engine, both of which are vastly more playable -- attentively polished, funny, and thoughtfully-designed gameplay.  Try either of those over this."
76561198124270686,Not Recommended,299030,26339321,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,abbasiskyrim,HOW THE HELL DO YOU CHANGE THE CONTROLS /
,Not Recommended,299030,13753610,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Paul Reveres eight inch penis,wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10 do much no content
,Not Recommended,299030,29810090,Posted: 9 February,all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Awful port; game somehow lags and stutters on a GTX980 and I7 at 4.0 GHZ.Game *might* be good, but check GOG, maybe they have a competent port that isn't running off of DOSbox. I recommend pirating it as no one should pay money for such shoddy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198018910266,Not Recommended,299030,30708138,Posted: 24 March,all,Spirit of Madness,"Very bad control options, very hard to control your character or change them."
,Not Recommended,299030,34441443,Posted: 23 August,all,TetchyEquation,I do not reccomend this game because it misleads the consumer on how many units of blood you will be spillngSPOILER: It's alot more than one
76561198027018482,Not Recommended,299030,31405132,Posted: 27 April,all,jesternario,"This game is like the old game. In fact, it IS the old game. They didn't even bother remaking it like 3d Realms did. You start up the game and it goes to DosBox, which in and of itself isn't bad, as the game is still a great game. I was just expecting it to be a more modern rework, like with Duke 3D and Shaodw Warrior."
,Not Recommended,299030,30990551,Posted: 6 April,all,the hollywood hootsman,this game in a nutshell: farmer joe goes on a rampage and kills leukhemia patients
,Recommended,299030,16654677,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Emperor Norton,"An obscure gorey game from the the 90's. It's f**kin' awesome. The graphics, the sound, the atmosphere. This game is amazing. One of the best old FPS games. Better than Call of Duty and Batlefield. FPS games these days ain't what they use to be. Man I wish I was born during these times to enjoy the old games of those days.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvsBcq0WmY0"
76561198168862646,Recommended,299030,19423480,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,twoodjr,If you like doom buy it if you like duke nukem buy it it's good fun.
,Recommended,299030,13171992,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Razonix,"Like other people already mentioned on their reviews, this version isn't ""plug and play"", you've gotta read and mess with the config files in order to improve the resolution and so on. It's also nice to mention that it's a somewhat old game with outdated graphics and an admirable difficulty. Despite these observations, it's a very fun game to play and I certainly recommend it to other FPS fans."
,Recommended,299030,13410413,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Blue Bolt,A classic FPS that everyone should check out. A shame that they never released the game's source code so it could be ported to more recent platforms properly.
,Recommended,299030,13742534,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SoulessOne,"If you like Duke Nukem 3D or Shadow Warrior, you'll probably like this game as well.  This game is pretty difficult even when you master the controls and gameplay.  Caleb, while he's no Duke or Lo Wang, is still a pretty likable protagonist who comes with plenty of cheesy dialogue.While most of the weapons are kinda meh, the game really encourages you to use flame weapons as it never gets tiring hearing those lovely screams as your enemies run around ablazed.There's plenty of levels, all of them are pretty nicely designed.  I say it's well worth the price."
,Recommended,299030,13761880,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jonas,Fun to play again but the controls are not great for our time.Had problems with my mouse look and I could not regulate the ambience sound.
76561197982943766,Recommended,299030,13683183,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,EEK the cat,"I'm here to donate some blood.......  someone else's.Bad nostolgia graphics, memorable one liners and a bad rap for being one of the most violent games of it's time.  It would be nice if the music played properly, but I seem to recall having issues with the music not playing properly with the original release of the game, namely plays music for a little bit at the beginning of a level and then stops..."
,Recommended,299030,13725979,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Polish Order,"Blow stuff up with your 19th century dynamite, burn the undead with a napalm launcher to make crispy bacon, make bbq satan worshipper sandwiches with a flare gun, and deliver lead, from Doctor T, to the rats for christmas..."
76561197973014470,Recommended,299030,13603477,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Robo Jones,"Propably the hardest of all the Build-engine games i've played what with having multiple bullet sponge enemies and hitscan-using enemies, it offers a great challenge to anyone. Also it's visuals are great for it's time too, and the sound design is superb too"
,Recommended,299030,13604333,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tk-337,"I love 90's first-person-shooters. They have this unique charm of ""I'm such a badass"" while still managing to be extremely difficult. This game is no exception. Go buy it and throw dynamite at zombies. But not before you rearrange the controls, google how to fix the mouse, and download the launcher here. Those are the only issues i have with this game.http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2871137469/10 would buy again"
76561198062398423,Recommended,299030,14633292,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TasteLikeVomits,"Game itself:The best game released on build engine for me. It has a dark and dense atmosphere with some steampunk elements but covered in a dust. You have a feeling that something went wrong in this dark world and everything here is old and  dirty. The level design is simply great. Caleb is a kind of antihero and it was nice to play in a skin of someone who was not another ""white knight"". This is strictly tied to my childhood and I get tons of nostalgy from playing this title so I cannot guarantee that everyone will like it though :).Steam version:This version lacks of some good port. Im using a GOG version (overwritten on steam files) which is made far better for Dosbox. However you can improve the mouse configuration and other settings by viewing community guides. For me it's not a bid deal but some people here make a problem of it.GraphicsDon't expect beautiful modern graphics. It has a great style and drawings and if you approach it as a retro styled game then you shall be satisfied. It has some nice ideas though and it was prety inventive at it's times of glory.Overall:Recommended but remember that this is an old game. For me it's absolutely briliant experience, I've finished it over 15 times and I still play it if I get a mood for it :)."
,Recommended,299030,14351488,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Queenie,"*Now, to give this review context, I need to explain something. I am NOT a 'Bloodite' or particularly a fan of any of the 90s FPSs as most of them were from before my time. However, I'm not exactly ignorant to games such as Half Life, Deus Ex, Unreal Tournament, Timesplitters, etc. So it's not like I favor today's overglorified rail shooters over the classics.I'm saying this, because my major criticism for this game may be overlooked or even laughed at by people who enjoy games such as Doom, Strife and... Noah's Ark 3D.Anyway, that disclaimer aside, this game's control scheme, for me is unplayable. I can't make sense of it, at least not for very long. I'm not sure, since I don't have much experience and this may have been a pretty standard control scheme for the time but it's dated to say the least. What bugs me is that there's no way to change the controls yourself, which is fine, I don't need to have to map out the buttons myself, so long as a functional alternative control scheme is provided. They really should have added one in the steam release as a patch, I don't see that being too difficult to be honest.The control scheme makes this game feel prehistoric for me and I found that the only way to progress through the game was to save, every time I cleared a room. This is mainly because I'm used to the modern standard of WASD to move and this control layout just throws that out of the window and encourages you to use the arrow keys, something that I was always taught NOT to do growing up.However, in spite of this, I still enjoyed the game. It's bright, colourful, fun and I'd be a liar if I said that the concept of playing as an undead cowboy who likes to sing show tunes whilst redecorating the walls with other people's entrails didn't appeal to me. I was always interested in this franchise and I was quite happy to see that this game came out on Steam and that it was in the sale at the time.I know that I must have enjoyed the game, because in spite of the crippling control scheme, I stuck with it for hours, until I got really deep into the game. However, dying over and over again soon got old, shooters like this are only fun if you get a flow going and no momentum can ever be kept up, so long as you get killed off, because your brain is trying to play Half Life and accidentally pressed the button to make Caleb pull his trousers down.I understand that some people might be thinking 'well, don't play it like you would a modern FPS, embrace the old school control scheme' but that's not possible. I was able to do that and get into the zone for a while but it's like trying to fly a plane, when you only have a driver's licence. Yeah it's the same in theory but once you take off the rules completely change. I know that the knee jerk response would be to say 'well you can play a range of FPS games, so why can't you play this?' Well, to rephrase your question to fit the analogy, 'well you could drive a car, so why can't you fly a plane?'Overall, I'd recommend Blood to anyone who knows what I'm talking about and laughed at my feeble attempt to understand a control scheme, that was probably being designed around the time that Harvey was premiering at the pictures but anyone else, I'd say that I'm not exadurating, with my complaints on the control scheme.If you're unsure, I'd get this in the sale as I would say that it's worth your time, if you're able to play it, even if you're only able to play it really badly like I am but if you struggle with regular FPS games, then I doubt that you have much hope with this one."
76561198165754793,Recommended,299030,19982124,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,jeff1989,"Five words, BEST FIRST PERSON SHOOTER EVER.10/10"
,Recommended,299030,20367744,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,λꜱʜᴜᴍꜱ [λ-OG],"So excited to see this game on the Steam Store; Searched years ago for 'Blood 3d' and was sad to not see it. As morbid as it sounds, a childhood favorite of mine, along with Doom and Wolf3D and Quake. Everyone should spill some blood from time to time."
76561197970569897,Recommended,299030,20307364,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,THEREALWARPIG,I still have the  cd for this game. Wouldnt play on win7 then found on steam very Happy. One of my all time fav FPS. Thanks Steam.
,Recommended,299030,20596228,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MikeThyson-[NW]-,had the shareware as a kid loved it. Had to get this on STEAM great classic FPS right heeeere
,Recommended,299030,20798660,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Trustedflipper8,I did not grow up during the 90's DOOM era of FPS games and i can say that i am enjoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this little gem its a great game and it lets me expirence a time before quick scoping and call of duty. why wasnt this on the SNES or Sega Mega Drive?! where has this game been all my life! and the low specs makes it playable on almost any Desktop \ laptop from 2001-2016.
,Recommended,299030,20759151,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Henshin,Game is pretty fun and pretty difficult. Rage and fun go hand in hand here.
,Recommended,299030,21223260,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,dannycillumini,"The first thing I will say about this game is that if you enjoy old-school shooters of a violent nature, particularly in the line of Duke Nukem 3d, Doom and Soldier Of Fortune, you will definitely love this game. Its looks in general resemble something like Duke Nukem 3d and its feel is something Quake. Secondly, Its storyline is more along the lines of a horror based genre than anything to do with what other shooting games would be like. Its about a gunslinger of a supernatural form and nature who is first betrayed and killed, but then he comes back to life from the grave to seek violent revenge on those who killed him, those which happened to be other supernatural forms of characters. There is really good shooting and close quarters combat enjoyment in it throughout but with only one very important catch... you need a compatible machine that will enable  the game to run properly for you. If you dont have the correct form of machine to get it working for you then the game will either mess up on you all the time and will waist your time trying to get it working outright or worse of all, never open for you. Enough said. Having said that, absolutely brilliant old-school shooter with plenty of non-stop enjoyable action, adult humour and violent fun."
,Recommended,299030,21248398,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Konkeror101,He lives AGAIN!!
,Recommended,299030,23839272,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zopkins,"Very good game, I was searching for it for very long time.Thank you!"
76561198057972142,Recommended,299030,23828761,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,damzeh,"There are 3 different Build Engine games that really count: Duke Nukem, Blood, Shadow Warrior. They all basically play the same in that you are a smartass with lots of interesting and bizarre weapons going level to level, massacring everything in your path and collecting keys to progress.Blood is the horror one of these three for sure. The game's plot is basically cult member who got screwed over by a demon is reborn and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The protagonist is just as clever and enjoyable as Lo Wang or Duke and personally my favourite of the three.The weapons are quite fun and you really do feel like a sadist when you light up people with a flare gun and they scream like mad. It fits the protagonist's character extremely well.The level design is not as frustrating in regards to key hunting. I never needed a FAQ or to even look at the map though some secrets are really hard to find.The game is quite long I feel and there are 5 difficulty levels so you don't ever rage quit because of it being too difficult.It is packed with horror references from films and books even in the tiniest places. The protagonist is also quite witty and the voice acting is really cool. For younger gamers some of these will go over their heads since they didn't grow up reading Lovecraft or watching Phantasm for example. But as a 28 year old gamer I am constantly chuckling at the various references.Also, it has numerous mods available.All in all I think if you enjoy the Build Engine games then you will enjoy Blood but it is a great plus if you are an older horror fan."
76561198306776784,Recommended,299030,23918690,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CCR_Revival,"BUY THIS GAMEPros: great weapons, satisfying combat, dark humor, loads of content, amazing level designCons: bad pacing, strange controls"
,Recommended,299030,23134857,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,alan capone,"its like 1997 dos box keyboard controls that you get used to, if you arent familar. survival haunted house spooky"
76561198097150082,Recommended,299030,23333543,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ｓａｌｖａｄｏｒ,"Literally my childhood. One of the best old fps games i ever played. Its also f**king hard as hell. Music is epic, guns are epic,  everything is epic. Its a shame to see a game from... idunno.. 1998? beat our new generation games. No, really! This game (atleast for me) will beat any cod in every way, nothing can stand near old fps games. They are just art... which got forbiden... ;c"
76561198111781873,Recommended,299030,23263268,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Osprey,"A real blast from the past. This generation of PC shooters was brimming with imagination, and the weapons, levels and enemies in Blood are a perfect example of how creative and memorable an FPS can really be."
,Recommended,299030,23396889,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Juno,"Love this game and it's style and everything, only problem is on the current computer im using the gameplay becomes laggy and choppy even with the detail turned down which i use an older computer to play the game instead which sucks. However it's a great game anyways and i love how it kept an originality to it's gameplay and themes that you might not find in many other kinds of games."
76561198193709028,Recommended,299030,13034713,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,3folddado,"As Dos first person shooters go, Blood is the top.  It's no Half-Life, but it has enough excitement and inside jokes to keep you properly entertained."
,Recommended,299030,13061615,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Gnome Rambo,"What Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior were to action and kung-fu movies, Blood is to slasher, horror films. Like the two games mentioned, Blood is an FPS game that uses the Build engine. What makes it different from the other two is the dark atmosphere, the enemies that range from gun-toting cultist and axe wielding zombies to hell hounds and stone gargoyles. The weapon variety of Blood is greatly varied, ranging from a flare gun and dynamite that can either burn or blow up a cultist to a tesla gun that can zap the life out of a hell hound. Gameplay in Blood is the same as Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior but it's also challenging, as some enemies can take a lot of punishment such as the mother spiders and the stone gargoyles and even some of the more mundane or basic foes such as cultist can put a dent in your health if your aren't careful.If you're looking to buy a game that is dark, fun, and from an older time (that had good FPS games), Blood is one that should be given a chance."
,Recommended,299030,13199494,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RoRo1980,"shame it is not a redux but owning this makes me happy, best game in it's time and a perfect 10, i would become jojo the idiot circus boy for it all over again!"
76561198084611225,Recommended,299030,12746307,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,VotingChipmunk,"Honestly I had never even heard of Blood until about 6 months ago, so I got this game after seeing a review on YT cause it looked fun, I got it and was rather disappointed in how bad the controls were, so I did some looking around, found out how to get the game to work similar to Duke Nukem 3D, now I absolutely love this game, also you have to scale down the screen with the + or - button to get the proper UI at the bottom of the screen. Would I recommend this game? Yes, it's only $5, less if it's on sale, and if you like DN3D, you'll enjoy this game, but only if you ""mod"" the game from some of the guides here on Steam."
,Recommended,299030,18386051,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,I'M ETHAN BRADBERRY,"Playing the Shadow Warrior remake I wish Blood had the same treatment. As a mortician, I was delighted running into the first level as a funeral home. All the in-jokes about horror culture, the weapons and Calebs' snarky renditions of showtunes make this game pretty sweet."
,Recommended,299030,18336385,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,gorotheartist,"Hey Im sorry but how come I can't access Episode 5 which is supposed to be the cryptic passage episode? I can play Post mortem but not Cryptic passage, am I not realizing something?"
76561198082319564,Recommended,299030,14689120,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,raimonds.bekeris,Da best!
76561198095733920,Recommended,299030,14864766,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Luckt0m1k,"i highly approve of older games like DOOM wolfenstein duke nuken 3D etc.   and this game fits perfectly with those for its creepy horror tone and fun shooter action. you can use basic shotguns and machine guns to staffs and voodoo dolls.spray lead, toss dynamite, napalm and teslas, evil spells : 10\10"
76561198051257632,Recommended,299030,14731892,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Asian Girl ^_^music,A Classic. My childhood. Did not hesitate to buy. Get it... NOW!!!
76561198161628677,Recommended,299030,14408071,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,lastride,"Blood is a fps developed by Monolith back in 1997. The story, as you would expect for a typical 90’s shooter is not of significant importance. It is as far-fetched as the overall theme of the game. You control a gunslinger, once worshiper of a demonic occult who was betrayed and killed by the dark God he was worshiping, now somehow resurrected he seeks revenge.The game is split into episodes, as it was common in those days. Through short cinematics at the end of each episode you get the progress of the story . From the  start of the game the horror and violent themes are easily noticeable. There is a lot of graphical violence and gore blended with comical aspects quite successfully I have to say. Also for a game that came out in 1997 the work on textures and lightening effects is quite impressive with the level designers packing as much detail as possible in most of the environments. In some aspects the game was really ahead of its time, like for instance the destructible environments. Most of the things can either blow up or be set on fire. However as the game progresses the strong themes of the first two episodes decline which is really a shame because there are several memorable levels in the game. The atmosphere in general is what makes this game unique and distinctive from the other doom clones of that era. The music fits perfectly with the art design as it gives a mysterious and a dark tone to the overall creepy theme.The player has to choose from a big arsenal of weapons with unique and creative functions. There is also a secondary fire mode which was quite original at the time as it is actually a useful installment that offers diversity. However many of the weapons are weak and are just there for novelty purposes. One of the biggest flaws of the game in my opinion is its insane difficulty. Some of the enemies not only are brutally overpowered but they also have pinpoint accuracy and even at the medium difficulty settings you must be ready to die many times. It will also take some time to get used to the throwing mechanics but once you do there is nothing more entertaining than lining up a bunch of enemies and lighting them on fire or blow them up with a dynamite.  There are also some issues with the mouse aiming. Installing the bmouse application helped a lot but still, the mouse movement, especially the vertical axis just doesn’t feel right. I had to tweak it a lot to make it work decently with the rest of the movements.It goes without saying that Blood isn’t a perfect shooter obviously. It has a somehow limited appeal which is not to be taken seriously, an unforgivable difficulty level and many other flaws but aside that it is a solid old school shooter which delivers non stop action and mindless fun."
76561198030213861,Recommended,299030,14031013,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mr.Autumn Winters,"""Over The Lips And Through The Gums, Look Out Tummy Here I Come"""
76561198111948387,Recommended,299030,14246189,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ⅡCpt. DarkedgeⅡ,"Blood is a game i recommend to all people who love horror and gore. This game is full of it, my favoruite weapon in the game is the flare gun because light someone on fire he runs towards you screaming in pain and then explodes into peices. i would give this game a 10/10 if it was not for some stuff you had to fix to make the game work perfect so it gets a 8/10"
76561197990351243,Recommended,299030,15136964,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Klappspaten,"The DosBox emulation is real downer. So lame, but there's worse,But I can only recommend this game for mostly 4 reasons:1. It is fun as all hell, which basically means, that it is actually good (even if you haven't put your nostalgia glasses on).2. If you're too young for PC-gaming bronxe age and want to take a look, see Nr. 1.3. You remember your mother looking at you funny, possibly contemplating consulting a therapist, hoping you'll turn out an okay human being, for playing this violent, obscure stuff. You can now reflect on whether she was right or not. But you won't, because of Nr. 1.4. The sh*t eating grin whileplayingliving it (again) is priceless, so those 5 bucks or something are no reason to be stingy."
,Recommended,299030,14093877,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,baxy,13/10 would live again again
,Recommended,299030,17611788,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Blackbird,"One of the great retro FPS games using Build engine.Satisfying to use sawn-off shotgunSpamming dynamites EVERYWHERE never felt so goodPlenty of nice references to horror movies.God damn dual-weilding powerupThe difficulty is really stupid at times, but it's nothing chunk of dynamites can't fix."
,Recommended,299030,17907180,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,crumar,"buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,299030,18239517,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Be2chill,Classic FPS creepy gory and vrilliant as ever!
76561198075398151,Recommended,299030,17054008,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,|PPK| RamboBiscuit,Great priced 90's FPS game for $4.99 well worth the money and very fun to play when you're just chilling! If only I could speak Latin. 9.5/10 -RamboBiscuit
76561198081910564,Recommended,299030,14655315,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Patrick Turok,"Dark, Girty, Disturbing...I love it.  The prefect example for death and violent ways to kill your enemies.  I enjoy the challenge and the enemies do crazy damage, even if you shoot them, set them on fire, listen to them scream in pain as they die, Blood sure does deliever its flavor towards the gamer.  The areas and graphics are really detailed for the time, even though there are FAR more superior than this game, I can't deny the fact this is a classic old school FPS that everyone should play.  Even if the story doesn't really make sense, but violence and blood (duh) is perfect for every step of the way.  Downsides, it can get tough, and you will be pulling your hair at times when you die way to much.  Also, the controls will take some time to get use to.  But still when you master the controls, your in for a ""Bloody"" good time."
,Recommended,299030,13809993,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Marshal Law,Should have done what Devolver Digital did to Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem.Yes if nostalgic otherwise not.
76561197970764559,Recommended,299030,15227973,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,6655321,"What Duke Nukem 3d did for action movies, Blood did for horror movies.  This is a BUILD engine game, the same that created DN3D.  I'd like to say this is just horror DN3D but I don't think that does this justice.  The weapons as far as I know were totally unique at the time.  Instead of the classic pistol you get a flare pistol...the flares STICK to enemies and will eventually light them on fire!!!  It is SO satisfying when you light a fanatic or cultist on fire and listen to them scream IT BURNS IT BURNS!!!  Lol.  I think all weapons have an alt fire which as I said was original.  The dbl barrel shotgun fired 2 shots or BOTH barrels so it was like having both types of shotguns from DOOM 2 in one weapon.  The tommy gun you could swing from side to side which was useful in rooms with lots of enemies and you could dual weild (from powerups) 2 weapons at a time so that kinda acts like double damage too.  When you weild 2 shotguns it's like an automatic shotgun.  I could go on about the weapons, there is a lot.  Also there are different TYPES of damage...fire, spirit and normal.  This changes how you fight with enemies.  The game is called BLOOD for a reason, the gore is outstanding.  Pretty amusing to blow somebody up and watch all their parts fly.  Great graphics, music, sound and AMAZING level design.  If you like F.E.A.R., No One Lives Forever or AVSP2 then you might like this too, made by the same people, MONOLITH Productions."
,Recommended,299030,17165886,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Uncle Hermann,"I guess you could say its a cult classic.Jokes aside its a very well done FPS.  Great atmosphere and nice one-liners litter this difficult old-school FPS.  There are also unique weapons (like a flare gun or use of a voodoo doll) along with alternate firing modes.  Level design is fantasitc and the story is notable enough to care about it.Only issue with this version is that it is simply the DOSbox version, and installing this version offered just slaps the DOS verion onto a DOS box.This game should be in your collection if you are a big fan of Old-School FPS or of well done horror games."
,Recommended,299030,17301162,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zaph,"A game about revenge...That's kinda it with the story. LolOverall, this game is tough, but pretty good. If you like Horror Gothic themed FPS games, or play as a killer from hell, and/or loves DOS FPS games, then this is for you. (Those walking hands are really freakin' annoying though.)"
76561197972655851,Recommended,299030,17396064,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Blue Mango,"A fantastically, dark humoured, fast paced and BLOODY first person shooter."
76561198023981984,Recommended,299030,15969112,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Caleb,"this is the best fps i have ever played, and the guy you play as is just the best, Caleb is the best, now go buy this game!"
,Recommended,299030,16226409,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Moody,"Blood is basically what happens when you take the over-the-top presentation and violence in Mortal Kombat, and apply it to a mid-90's first-person-shooter formula. It even has the ominous monks! And they have tommy guns this time!"
76561198065806040,Recommended,299030,15990229,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ednooooo,We really need an update to this classic horror fps!
,Recommended,299030,15893182,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,/pol/,9999999999999999999999999999999999/10       WOULD LIVE AGAIN.     SHOW YOURSELF!   SHOW YOURSELF!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299030,15901843,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☮✌Cloud☮✌,Wish for a source port. For such a good game...
,Recommended,299030,16687916,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,VooDooMOD,I DO Recommend This Game
,Recommended,299030,12851802,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,FŧŞĦFŧИŞ,5/5 would gib again.
,Recommended,299030,12734436,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Squigrider,"One of my favoite FPS's of all time, and one of the first to impliment a secondary fire.  Amazing game...and definitley worth the the sale price!  Wish monolith would do a remake of the first Blood:C"
76561197971589535,Recommended,299030,12716806,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,"Corpse Killer ""CK""","A classic FPS of the 90's and my personal favorite of the build engine games including Duke Nukem 3D.  Not sure why there's so much hate for this version. Sure, it's not an HD update like Duke and Shadow Warrior got but it's a blast to play this game again after all these years. A lot of people have complained about the mouse look but I simply used the ""U"" key to turn it on and it works great. There's also an ""Invert Mouse"" feature in the options menu if needed. Configure the rest of the keys like a modern FPS and you're good to go. About the only down side is the resolution. In Windows 7 I can't go above 800 X 600 without graphic glitches but it still looks good, like it used to so many years ago. Picked it up on sale for $2.49 and I have no real complaints. Love it!"
,Recommended,299030,12716998,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Vitamin Yes,This game is hilarious. Lame one-liners and a creative yet ridiculous arsenal.Just be ready to modify the default control scheme to something modern.
76561198094623952,Recommended,299030,12755820,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Absolute Madman,"If you are a fan of Doom or Duke Nukem or both, I highly recomend this game15/10 Would live again."
,Recommended,299030,12701833,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PEPE,All time classic. One of the best fps's created. Runs well on windows 7 with no setup required for me. 10/10
,Recommended,299030,15681326,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SSGT Szary,"I remember the days when I stabbed them zombies with my pitchfork and used their heads as a soccer ball and when I cooked some cultists with my flare guns and laugh as they helplessly scream ""IT BURNS, IT BURNS!""It's been years since I lost my beloved copy of Blood, but as Caleb says, ""I LIVE AGAIN!"" I got my game back thanks to Steam!Anyways, to the review; what can I say about this game? It's a hidden gem from the 90s made by the people who brought you Duke Nukem and Lo Wang's Shadow Warrior (and much more). As I mentioned above, it's exactly as it was when I last played it, except it's much more bloodier and gorier than ever (because the ""violent"" editions were hard to get thanks to some ""concerned consumers""). Gameplay-wise, for gamers who aren't familiar with the games of the 90s, you'll find it a bit tough to get used to because mouse aiming was something that was still ""in development""; but nevertheless, it's very easy to get used to and it's even more fun to utilize a deadly arsenal of weapons, from a pitchfork to a voodoo doll to even a spray can flamethrower that doubles as a firebomb.But unfortunately, there's some downsides. You see, seeing that this game is actually run on a DosBOX emulator, you can see that the actual game files are really old, which can be a serious problem for people with newer systems. The irony is that when I tried to run Blood on my gaming laptop (with windows 8.1 and some high end bells and whistles and high end graphics cards), the game would lag unbelievably to the point where it's very difficult to play (as if it isn't challenging trying to avoid a zombie's axe). Thankfully though, I have a older PC with me that runs windows 7 with inferior graphics cards and it runs beautifully. My point? If you have a system with the most recent windows (8 or 8.1) that can run games like Skyrim, Battlefield 4 or even Wolfenstein TNO without any lag of sort, then it's very likely you'll have lag problems that will be very difficult to solve. I'd best advise you have either an older computer or a system that's DOS games friendly, otherwise your blood will start to boil (get it?)."
,Recommended,299030,14004959,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,-L7- themaniacboy,"Blood is a great game, but this release is not.It's just Dosbox emulation done poorly and if you want to make it run decently, then you have to do some tweaking yourself.Don't worry, there are great guides for this and even better, there is a Blood launcher that does all the work for you with some very nice extras.It's been mentioned from time to time and that is not without a reason.Thanks to this launcher, the game looks, feels, sounds and plays great.I would only recommend this, because you can get Blood legally and pretty cheap too."
76561198003434284,Recommended,299030,15662437,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Morte,"This is BY far the most enjoyable build engine game - it has the most interesting & satisfying weapons, level design, and enemy variety. And to see it in such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ state on Steam just pisses me off. Yes I am well aware that there are dozens of links to fixes for a variety of issues, but this is just lazy crap..."
76561198020316445,Recommended,299030,15766485,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Obeed,"Classic FPS, this game was the ultimate when it came out back in the day and I highly recomend it to anyone interested in the classic FPS games of this period, this was the one to have! I would love to see a remake of this one with our modern graphics."
76561197999124196,Recommended,299030,15758643,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Derpchief,One of the single best sprite based games ever and one of my favorite fps games of all time.Worth getting if you're a fan of the FPS genre or just want to re-live the old but not THAT old days of gaming.
,Recommended,299030,13839950,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vic Vinegar - Pro Bodyguard,These devs made F.E.A.R as well so they own both 1st and 2nd place in the 'most badass first person shooters' list.
76561197987175590,Recommended,299030,26354934,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BlastFromTheJollyPast,"What I liked about the gameI really liked the horror theme. There were some amazing levels; like the Dark carnival, into the flesh and Crystal Lake. An excellent game to play on Halloween.Caleb is an awesome protagonist who has a creepy voice, who comes out with cheesy one-liners.Plenty of secrets to be found and there are also secret levels (I only found one). There are Easter eggs throughout the game as well (references towards films or series).Bizarre weapons to use against the undead. You get weapons like the pitchfork, flare gun, Tesla Canon and the Napalm Canon.Loads of awesome enemies to slaughter. You get to fight zombies, demons, hell hounds, and ghosts. Sometimes when you kill your enemy you get to pick up their heart which gives you extra health. Cool and changeling boss fights, especially when you fight Tchernobog.Useful power ups, like the deep sea diving suit and a power up that lets you duel wield weapons.The game can sometimes be hilarious. It's like the evil dead of video games.What I disliked or was disappointed withI wasn't keen on this version. I had to do a lot of messing around with the options before I could get started with the game. I had to change the controls and activate mouse aim. I also had to download a launcher so I could play Cryptic Passage.Blood is very challenging game, far more challenging than Duke Nukem and Shadow warrior. I had to turn down the difficulty. I advise you to save frequently, because you will get killed a lot, even when you least expect it, for example the door can kill you.The soundtrack is good, but it does get repetitive.ConclusionA fantastic game. I enjoyed playing this on Halloween. They should a redux version of this game. If you enjoyed Duke Nukem and Shadow warrior, I highly recommend you play this. You get a lot for your money.90/100"
76561198356092365,Recommended,299030,29216147,Posted: 12 January,all,TheNightmareTrooper,"I have looked everywhere for this game and the closest I could get were half♥♥♥♥♥d total conversions of other games. This is about as true to the original as you can find, plus... MOUSE LOOK COMPATIBILITY! Horray!"
,Recommended,299030,28545600,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MY SMILE IS STUCK,"- Steam did a crap ""job"" of getting this thing to work on modern systems (read: they dumped the files from the GOG version with the .gog files still in there and all, just with a poorly configurated and outdated version of dosbox), takes a good amount of fixing to get it up and running, so don't buy if you're expecting it to work as soon as you press play.- Normal difficulty is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I strongly recommend turning down the difficulty down a notch or even two rather than just choosing normal diff, because this game's definition of Normal difficulty is Dark Souls+ Everything else about this game from atmosphere to gameplay to level design is literally 10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10 I love this game"
,Recommended,299030,28004987,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spooky Boi,Why does the weird hand logo have a weird mangled upside down ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198075673573,Recommended,299030,28357446,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game Blood: One Unit Whole Blood 3.5/5. Pretty good.Despite the fact that this is now an extremely old FPS (first person shooter) game from the same family of games as Duke Nukem 3D (using the same game engine as the original Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3D), this is still fairly fun to play, despite how ugly looking its graphics are. In fact, as this version is probably far more stable than the original version of the game, being far less prone to crashes and freeze-ups, this version may be even better than the original ever was. There are some drawbacks however, the worst of which is the game's inability to have its resolution increased beyond a lowly 800 by 600 pixels.+Good and responsive controls for mouse/keyboard though the now antiquated manual method of pressing buttons to look up and down remains clumsy in the extreme. If you remember, this was always clumsy and was not remedied until the advent of the first Quake game and the general adoption of the control style used therein.+Still an exciting game to play with lots of action.+This game is extremely inexpensive and gives you at least 10 hours of gameplay on the easiest difficulty level. The gameplay consists mostly of finding keys to unlock doors into yet another area, one level after another but the maze-like level design is well made with lots of intricate puzzles and clever references to movies and books throughout. As an added benefit, this game should work on pretty much any computer which now exists and can run dos box.+Good, highly atmospheric, interesting and creepy music. This game features the same music which was on the CD (compact disc) version of the game way back when it first game out.+Not very many bugs (asides from certain non-essential menu options not doing what they claim to do but instead having no effect whatsoever). While it was normal for the original version of Blood to freeze up totally back when it first came out, this version is very, very stable and runs fast.+/-The sound is often fairly good, the screams of characters (especially when certain ones are set on fire) are pretty detailed. That said, many of the sound effects can seem tinny and as the exact same sound effects are repeated over and over (like they were in the old days) the sound can seem boring. The nifty things your character says to himself (in a fairly Duke Nukem sort of way, but with a very different personality) does help spice things up however.+/-The blood and gore in this game, or at least its depiction of it, may seem tame by comparison to today's higher resolution, more detailed games. Still, the amount of gore seems fairly realistic thus adding a bit of grittiness to an otherwise cartoon-like atmosphere.+/-It is very easy to save your game anywhere. However there are NO autosaves and it is also easy to potentially save your game so that you may end up reloading your game into a totally impossible-to-survive situation.-The graphics have not aged well and the maximum resolution which this game actually let me set it to, a lowly 800x600 seems dismally low and textures and characters alike seem terribly ugly and primitive looking. Games with throwback/retro graphics like Minecraft look better by comparison. The game has options for higher resolutions but the game does not let you actually select these resolutions making for some potentially frustrating menu interactions. The game's animation is, I think, not anymore jerky than it originally was. The graphics for Blood were intended to be played on an CRT (cathode ray tube) monitor which featured extreme contrast versus brightness ratios. This means that the textures and everything else in this game are intended for an entirely different type of computer imaging and lighting technology. A technology where the pixels of the screen themselves glow with their own light (not with any back lighting). The textures, on any newer LCD (liquid crystal display) or other new technology monitors will look too bright, the colors will not be as intense and indeed, the entire game will seem somehow faded like old parchment and the deep blacks will instead merely be gray. There is no way to decrease the game's brightness below a certain point (which is what would be required to make this game look as it was intended). You might try, if you really care more about this game than I do, to further increase your current generation monitor's contrast ratio even further, for on the old CRT screens, pretty much anywhere that was not fairly well lit, was completely dark."
,Recommended,299030,29069882,Posted: 6 January,all,BellRngR,Epic classic!
76561198066053417,Recommended,299030,28856100,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Swag Karl Marx,"So far a great game, tons of pop culture reference and some of the old school ultra-violence. But in my opinion this great game is still standing before <shadow warrior < dukenukem."
,Recommended,299030,29116672,Posted: 8 January,all,Sir Naughtius Maximus,"An absolute master piece of a game, and one of the best if not the best build engine games. However this game does not run great on modern PCs and this version is no different than the base release running on dosbox, some configurations will have to be done but it's well worth it for a game like this!"
,Recommended,299030,13858961,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,gunsage,"Is it old?  Yeah.  Does it still stand up?  Oh, hell yeah.  Especially if you ever liked games like Duke Nukem 3D, this was a great game that came in from left field and shook up FPSs of the time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5EdtQUN_Vw&index=12&list=PLYkTBSuzozCRmWovr0gMsVFUKAo1s94JKFun, gory, dark, and hilarious, Blood hits all the right notes.  Definitely recommended."
76561198110589013,Recommended,299030,29256351,Posted: 14 January,all,ElmerGloo,It's like Doom and Duke Nukem had an edgy emo kid together.
76561198007859011,Recommended,299030,29273829,Posted: 15 January,all,deathfromthesea,"One of my favorite games of all time if like like horror movies and first person shooters buy it now!  The best game on the build engine, ever better then duke and shadow warrior."
76561198355423236,Recommended,299030,29446499,Posted: 23 January,all,Oh Shiz A Bear!,"A good shooter from the 90's. I never played this game but had to give it a go after seeing alot of reviews claiming it was different. The vibe is great in aspects of horror and the soundtrack is awesome. A downside is that the controls for this game is absolutley horrible to the point of its impossile to play unless you download a current mod patch. Also the learning curve for the first act is brutal hard sometimes. The first 3 stages had me irritated with the lack of good starter weapons and the stupid acurate shooting of the enemies. After I had a chance to adapt to the game style, it was enjoyable sailing from there."
76561198241305048,Recommended,299030,29602492,Posted: 31 January,all,BobBep1995,"a bloody love letter for horror and fps fans...blood lives up to its reputation its dark, its gory, funny and bloody satisfying as hell.you & your friends were betrayed and your lover killed, by the dark god Chernobog who is the leader of the dark cult named the cabal.... you are playing a protagonist named caleb a wildwest anti hero gunslinger who is resurrected from the grave to seek his revenge, now the cabal will pay the price in their flesh and blood...you will fight gargoyles, demonic speaking cultists armed with shotguns and tommy guns, zombies who want your brains and wanting to crack your skull with an axe and feast on your brains, fat zombies who burp and spit out green waste at you, spiders who want to take a bite on your flesh and make you dizzy and disorientated, reapers who want to scare the hell out of you and want to cut your head off with there sycthe or throw their ghost at you, demonic looking fleshy skinny dogs that breathes out fire wanting to burn you alive as you scream of the pain of the fire burning your flesh, creepy fingered running hands wanting to strangle you till you colpaspe onto the ground... and dont be started on the bosses...i wont spoil it.there are four levels in this horrible darkish world and two extra levels in the dlc pack all together making six episodes, with your weapons at your dispoal... will you use the pitchfork to stab your enemies spill their blood till you hear the sounds of their blood fall onto the cold floor, will you use the voodoo doll and stab your enemies till their skins peel away till they are bones, will you use the shotgun and blow the living hell out of your enemies till their multilated body is splattered all over the floor and walls, the dyimate will you toss it in the air and imapact onto your enemies making them into chunks of bloody mess of their intestines, onto the ground and hear the splatting sounds of their bits onto the floor there are more and differnt ways to kill your enemies and lots more devastating weapons in your quest for their blood and gore...... this is blood folks and it never gets oldblood is heavenly inspired by doom along with all kinds of classic horror movies, horror pulp culture and horror literature such as army of darkness, friday 13th, hp lovecraft, the crow, frankestien, jaws, nightmare on elm street, stephan king, and dawn of the dead and Phantasm theres so many its so great its just a love letter for horror fans and fps fans, i love horror and im deeply in love with first person shooters. but this game you need to know the tactics of the weapons or else your dead... haha get it...?caleb is funny and dark as a character he is the horror quotes and flicks he says in levels and in secerts will make you have a evi smirk on your face, the gory gameplay of blood and caleb lauaghing like a manic as he kills his enemies with his wepaons.its dark, its stylish, its brutal, its gory and bloody for a video game that was made in the ninetees this must have been mind blowing now with the generation of blood and gore we have these days but these games of the 90s have a charm that will never die out.i recommend this game to anyone who loves the doom style gameplay and who are in deep love with anything for the horror genre"
76561198184840222,Recommended,299030,29510292,Posted: 26 January,all,bvkilla,"true classic ... so many bullets .. ""I live again"""
,Recommended,299030,29483371,Posted: 25 January,all,DeathWish,"-Blood-Guts-Weird cultists-Funny Death Screams-zombies-fun and disturbing weapons-Horror movie refrances-Dark Humour that will make Jack the Ripper laugh out loud-and an underrated badass anti-hero(no pun intended) an all around bloody fun game for fans of early 90s first person shooters.wish this game got a remake or the source code released, so fans can bring this game back to life with mods, custom maps and more custom monsters to slaughter."
,Recommended,299030,29128387,Posted: 8 January,all,Starcaptain10,Best build engine game.
,Recommended,299030,31842992,Posted: 19 May,all,Bor Gullet The Truth Squid,"Overall, this game does hold up quite well. Definitely could use some love by some dev as modernizing it some was a bit of a struggle, and playing one of the expansion packs involves editing the dos box launch config. But if you can get past all that, a wonderful classic FPS with some awesome and creative weapons."
76561197981797212,Recommended,299030,31778432,Posted: 15 May,all,capndeimos,"Controls are unplayably bad.  No option to remap them to something that makes sense.  No amount of nostalgia is going to make up for this.EDIT!Figured out how to remap controls.  I must have just been impatient, thanks to comments for pointing that out.  Game is old school great."
76561198037077800,Recommended,299030,31928145,Posted: 23 May,all,dystopicfilms,"'Blood' is absolutely one of my all-time favorite games.While it is essentially a 'Doom' clone, 'Blood' carries it's own twisted charms in that the story makes little to no sense (unless you know your Horror films/fiction) and because of the sheer volume and variety in it's content. Yes. I see you all rolling your eyes and telling me that it is mostly running around shooting anything that moves, and that is true. However, there truly is SO much to love about this game.Lacking the misogyny of 'Duke Nukem 3D' and the veiled racial stereotyping of 'Shadow Warrior', 'Blood' instead plays firmly up to it's cliched B-Movie roots. Players find themselves thrust into a Lovecraftian dystopia, choc-full of homicidal cultists, ghouls and mimes (yes, I saidmimes...what?They're annoying...at least in this game) as the game's maniacal undead protagonist Caleb sates his veracious lust for revenge against those who've wronged him. Another great aspect of 'Blood' is the choice of weapons on offer which range from the relatively mundane to the downright cruel. Personal favorites include Caleb's starting weapon - a rather nasty pitch fork that he most likely brought back with him from Hell - and a voodoo poppet capable of reducing even the most resilient foe to dust.If there are any down sides to 'Blood' it's that while the game has some considerable length to it, it is recommended that the game not be played in a single sitting. The game's soundtrack is suitably apt for the subject matter but 6+ hours of listening to foreboding synths and children chanting pseudo-Satanic mantras does tend to prove detrimental to one's overall mood - and I've been a Metalhead for 17 years so I'm used to this sort of thing. Also worth noting is that like it's biggest inspiration, Sam Raimi's 'The Evil Dead', 'Blood' is NOT child friendly. Like many games from the irreverent 1990s, developer Monolith designed 'Blood' as a game for adults and as such the young-uns need to be kept clear of this title. You wouldn't let your kids play 'Doom' or 'Carmageddon' would you? Well, the same goes for this game as well.In summary, if you're a conservative you'll hate 'Blood'. If you're a fan of revisionist post-modern Horror gaming, you'll love it."
,Recommended,299030,32147507,Posted: 3 June,all,DarkScythe13,"A pretty good and (IMO) underrated game. The one flaw with this release is that (like many classic games) it relies on DOSBox, however unlike other cases of DOSBox use, this game has a few performance issues, especially noticeable when (for example) shooting a wall at point blank range, or when felling a Zombie at point blank with a Double-Barrelled blast from the Sawn-off Shotgun.That said, this is arguably as good as it gets. There is a 'reverse-engineered' source port in development called BloodGDX (google it), which has a few control flaws (specifically in turning speed at present), but is nevertheless worth checking out. As far as the game goes, if you liked Duke Nukem 3D and the original DOS-era Shadow Warrior, then you'll like this game, as this is another BUILD-engine game, though with enough unique aspects in its own right."
76561198004630494,Recommended,299030,33717651,Posted: 22 July,all,as.nielo,"Driven by nostalgia Caleb opened his crypt after 20 years one more time...He picked up his trustworthly pitchfork and repeted the log forgotten sentence - I live, again. This was a beginning of series of unpredictable, dadly events. Some he could handle well, other made him to step a little fbackward in time (where his body was still alive) to go on, with doubled fury.He was on a quest to find his lover and friends. Would he find them during his journey? 35 levels full of crazy cultists, ugly garygoles, fire breathing dogs, rats, bats, strtangling hands and other bizzare creatures await Caleb and spread the word of Chernobog - the evil that aims to beslave the world...Caleb made it to the very end and learned the secret of Cabal. Would you dare it too?"
76561198072092624,Recommended,299030,33981081,Posted: 2 August,all,ForTheEmperor!,"I used to harken back to a fun, horror themed FPS that I played when I was a kid.. but I couldn't remember what it was called, and always remembered bits about it at inconvenient times, when looking it up was not possible. One day, the stars aligned, and I fervently sought out this mysterious game. Long story short, I found it.Gore, comedy, great horror movies references all over the place (I actually get them now), fun weapons, and all the glorious nostalgia I could handle. This game is almost as fun as engaging as it was so many years ago. It's still kinda tough at times, but way easier now that I'm an adult.Protip: best played in near dark with only the sound of crickets or the like in the background.That being said, I can't believe I was allowed to play this. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044140048,Not Recommended,299030,22770551,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,"Fantastic game, poor attempt at a source port.If you want the proper Blood experience just download BloodGDX, it essentially uses Java instead of Dosbox making the game feel and run WAY better.http://m210.duke4.net/index.php/files/download/8-java/50-bloodgdxThis game needs to get ported properly. The default mouse aiming is absolutly horrible Its like all of your weapons have weights attatched to the tip of them. This problem and many more could easily get fixed with the help of Duke Megaton and Shadow Warrior Classic Redux engine overhaul. Blood can easily take off to being the greatest classic FPS game of all time.But for now its a great game with a crappy run down port."
76561198165715092,Not Recommended,299030,25990998,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,JediMaster239,Something's wrong with the sound system. Its just wishy washy.one time i play the game and everything is fine and the next time only the music plays and not the sound effects. And the crazy thing is I wasn't even messing with the volume in the options.
76561198378156762,Recommended,299030,35117934,Posted: 21 September,all,Vatiion,Zombies keep scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me10/10
76561198008934114,Recommended,299030,35146670,Posted: 23 September,all,Greater-Good,"Ok... So we've all heard of DOOM, Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem, and even Strife... But why is it that Blood is so obscure? It's an awesome! When I ain't playing DOOM or Shadow Warrior, and when I'm feeling like playing a classic, I turn on Blood and Butcher zombies and cultists with a pitch fork! The maps arn't too bad either, creative and fitting to the atmosphere. It's demented, creepy, and old fashioned... Hell Yeah!!! It's pretty much the same as any classic shooter and has cheap graphic cutscenes, but it has it's charms that I've grown to love. I'd give this a rating of:8/10 - SlaughterFestHighly recommend at least trying it if you are into classic shooters!"
,Recommended,299030,35421652,Posted: 2 October,all,Hades,"Blood is one of my all time favorite games. Whether it be the models, the combat, or the jokes, Blood always has something for you to enjoy. The attention to detail in this game is outstanding! When firing your guns, the shells lay by your feet, which is something that most shooters do not include. Cabal, the main character, will always have something witty to say, which makes the game even more amazing. Blood will not let you down.10/10"
76561198037463230,Recommended,299030,35366353,Posted: 30 September,all,tetsuge1,"It’s great to come back and play this classic but, there’s one problem. I can’t for the love of me get the controller setup to work at all I’ve looked at guides and went to different sites."
76561198019194964,Not Recommended,299030,35388272,Posted: 1 October,all,Militant Zealot,"Love this game, but please for the love of god make it a remaster or make it more compatible. The dosbox is very laggy and glitchy don't know if it's just because I use windows 10 but it lags so bad it's almost unplayable."
76561198023397111,Recommended,299030,35430389,Posted: 2 October,all,Brak_Broad_Axe,"So good... if Doom had a cousin that was just as cool, Blood is that cousin.Blood is dark and funny as well as energetic and gory, but best of all, the levels are pleasantly interactive giving you a devilous/mischievous feeling from the start as you toss hissing loads of dynamite at exaggerated, cult-spazwads.For the price that it is, it really sits well on the pallet. A chunky gibblet indeed."
