user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,299360,15693943,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MSI LAPTOP tdogredman,"My first reaction:Oh look, some crappy wannabe Minecraft/Team Fortress game.This will probably take two minutes to learn how to play, and five to reach top score in every server.IWASWRONG.This game is MUCH. MUCH more challenging than it looks.The weapons are fierce and explosives can be unforgiving.Not only that, The blocks you can make are astounding.One that I enjoyed the most was the radar.You can literally place a radar to see EVERYONE. It felt amazing being able to sneak behind a base and place a radar.Not only that, but this game is very tactical.The last game I played probably went on for twenty minutes, and I'm sure games can go to an hour if both teams are skilled.There are traps. Support characters. Attack Charaters. Defense Characters.Honestly, this game is much better than people let on.8.6/10RECENT UPDATE:The game has been updated to be free to play. I also have like 100 more hours under my belt. Here is more review info.You can play as the heroes in the free rotation, but once they leave the free rotation, you have to buy them with either A) gold, or B) platinum. Platinum can be bought with real life money, and gold is gotten in game. BUT! BUT BUT BUT! It isn't pay to win. Characters are just that, characters. No characters are better than others, they all excel in different situations.Then there are perks. Perks can ONLY be bought with gold. Perks upgrade characters (they have downsides too tho) and give them better offensive, defensive, and hero roles. AKA: if you're good at this game, you get better.This also brings a lot more uniqueness into the game.EXAMPLE: Just because someone is Nigel (the sniper) doesn't mean you'll know how to counter him  right away. He could have a gun damage upgrade or a fall damage upgrade.In the game are skins, to add even MORE variation to your choices. Skins can only be bought with platinum, but holy crap they look good. Devs did a good job on them.Also, if you bought the game when it was p2p (like me) you got a bunch of skins free and all the starter heroes unlocked.This game is a few skins, a new gamemode, and a new hero away from being the best multiplayer teamwork-oriented fps game out there.I have re-earned my faith in JagEX.8.9/10I realize now I'm being way too ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS GOD"" so I'll list some cons as well.PROS AND CONS:Pros:+most characters feel balanced, and all have great skill ceilings.+most maps are great, and it's rare for me to say ""not this map again"" when playing+I have a bad computer, and the game runs well at low settings. You HD 50 gb ram PC master race people will love that.+game is constantly being updated with new heroes and skins, as well as bug fixes+daily challenges add an extra goal to gameplay and gold earning.+very high character customization. First you pick a hero, then perks, then blocks, then skins. Every hero can feel different with different setups+devs are actually listening to the community+large userbase, not too long of a wait when joining games.+all guns feel different and funCons:-now that the game is f2p, heroes aren't free. You have to pay gold, which is earned through playing games, to buy characters. This is ok, but the problem is that new players will always be the same characters.-A few characters need nerfs and buffs.-ranking system is completely broken. You get placed with noobs even at gold rank. They should fix this.-some maps are badly designed, in my opinion. Like ""Block"". ""Block"" is a multicolored map where being a skill character is necessary to win, really.-cubes can be damaged by stuff that isn't your tool (guns, explosives), but devs said they'd patch this. Will remove this once fixed.-lower ranked players are toxic, and immature."
,Recommended,299360,16427998,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,thebloodedbroadaxe,"game is free now so.. YAY! :P also note that only queing 2 (3 now) people together is a temporary fix to veterans like me pup stomping with other veterans will be changed back relatively soon :)the game is great fun when you start out, and the more you play the more strategic depth you find.Now i have been streaming and playing this all through out beta too, and have had a chance to interact a lot with the devs, and 1 thing that really matter here there is that the devs CARE, they listen, talk and reason like i have never seen devs do for another game.So sure maybe something could be balanced a bit different maybe there is a bug here and there, but all in all the game is great fun, and the devs are working on it, and the interaction is AMAZING."
76561198031853683,Recommended,299360,15711755,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[LP]Dodo Sandvich,"I am a veteran of the game who participated in the alpha. This means I have a larger knowledge of the game and it's issues than most reviewers, but I possibly also have a more mild opinion on how serious an issue isSo what is Block'n'Load?It can be described as a combination of TF2 and Minecraft combat combined with parts from LoL.It can also be described as a rethought spiritual successor to AoS, and the first great creative shooter.Finally, it can also simply be put as possibly the most tactical FPS to date.The issuesI have seen quite a few reviews by peoples who haven't really played the game, and I'm going to start by clearing up some of them:The controls are clunkyAs a part of implementing a building aspect, the controls are slightly different from a normal shooter and generally, the entire game has a somewhat steep learning curve because it is very different. This is not necessarily a bad thing, it took me about 5-10 matches to adapt to the controls, and both the official tutorials as well as the steam guides written by the community gives you a good insight into the game.Simply: It takes slightly longer to learn, which some free weekenders are crying about.It's too expensive! It should be F2P!No. First of all we did ask for them to lower the price in the beta:http://steamcommunity.com/app/299360/discussions/0/620703493333496110/And they did lower it:http://steamcommunity.com/app/299360/discussions/0/620712364037811307/They seemingly lowered the price of the game based on player feedback. Kudos to them! Now about the game being F2P? Just pay the price already. Here are a great thread about why it should not be F2P:http://steamcommunity.com/app/299360/discussions/0/620712364038776156/The argument for F2P is that we get more players. That is the only argument besides greed from players, which doesn't count. Also, amongst the extra players will be a lot of griefers, trolls and new players who haven't gotten into the game, which is indeed an issue as shown above. The free weekend showed this, and no current players want F2P because it straight out makes the community worse.JagexYeah, that is apparently an issue. You simply see players of previous titles, especially AoS, who come and simply haunt Jagex by disliking the game without giving it a shot. Have Jagex actually improved this time? The game is great, the CM's, map creators and developers play from time to time and they are great and fun peoples.So give them a chance, the game really deserves itIt is slowThat is another aspect of the building. For building to be of use, the characters move slightly slower than most shooters and all of them have a ton more hp than usual. Again, this both a pro and a con. It allows for a lot more tactics and strategy, and getting the jump on someone or a lucky shot does not mean an instakill. A headshot from the sniper class deals 60 damage, where most heroes have 100 hp. It also prolongs fights, which actually grants a lot more action at a time. Still, if you want more mindless twitchy shooters that have been around for ages, wait and then buy the new map pack and graphics overhaul of CoD when it comes.It is tacticalWhich means that you need to rely on teamwork, and can't have peoples fooling about. This makes you very reliant on random teammates, and like other games, this can cause frustration. Be aware that you will rarely be able to carry an entire team here, and that it is possibly best played with two or more friends.The introduction of ranked should largely separate the more hardcore players from the casual ones, but be warned that this is not a game that is casual. You have to focus and pay attention, and it is not something that you can relax while doing. Again, this is a pro and con, and it is up to you if it is for you or not. There has been speculation on a more casual and chaotic gamemode, but it will problary not come too soon.Your pretty base won't lastDespite being a creative minecraft-like shooter, do not expect to be building pretty castles. This is what AoS really were criticised for, making the building element very chaotic and not being able to create anything pretty because it was blown up in seconds. In a fashion, this is the same. You can be creative with your base, but in a cold-blood tactical way and not aesthetically. Even if it doesn't get blown up, the game usually doesn't last more than 1 hour, and then it is also gone for good.A map creator might be made though, so then you can create pretty things, save them, and then blow them up repeatedlyOnly one gamemodeThere is only one gamemode as of yet, and while it is a good gamemode it can get slightly monotone. They plan to introduce more gamemodes in the future, though.Doesn't run on a potatoWhile it isn't badly optimized, the requirements sort of resemble those for AAA titles. Why? Same reason you can't just set off 100 nukes in Minecraft, there are just a ton of block updates, and here you have a server running 10 players who are using explosives while also having something that needs to accurately calculate bullets and plenty of other things. Graphics are also noticeably better, which also bumps the requirements a bit.In short, if your computer is half a decade old, don't expect it to run well, even if it is a voxel shooter.The strong sides""No game is the same""The creative aspects allow for an extreme amount of tactics. There are not only a couple camper spots on a map, you can poke a hole in a wall and shoot from there, so you have to constantly improvise and you will never be able to master the game. This is the aspect of the focus point ""No game is the same"", and while it might not be entirely true, it is more true than any other FPS.You don't really need to be a good shotFor a lot of the guns you don't need a super aim, and playing the game tactically is much more important. An example is from the reveal at Insomnia, where a team of LoL players beat a team of BF players.Community is good so farWhile there are a lot of rookies who wander a bit about trying things out atm because it is launch, the community is pretty good. Other than that there are several bands of veterans from the beta who team up in 5 man groups, and while playing with competent friends is fun, this can cause some very uneven games. But otherwise the game has seen few griefers, trolls and teamkillers.The core of the community gathers on the official livestream(Twitch.tv/blocknloadorhitbox.tv/blocknload)and you should be able to find friendly players to play with and veterans who will give you advice there or on the forum.Balance is goodIt is always up in the air for discussion and there are several threads on the forums discussing it at all times, but the developers have been balancing things well so far, and while it will never be perfect, it is good so far.Graphics are good enoughI didn't like them at first either, but after a couple games? They are good enough. It's some mix of Minecraft pixels style and the TF2 cartoon style and it works well to both provide good performance while not looking horrible.Final ScoreSo you want a number to use to compare it to other games? How about I just paint it out directly?The game is in my opinion the best shooter to date because of the building aspect, which is implemented so well and allows for so many tactics, a much more varied gameplay and that you constantly have to improvise.If you play FPS, Minecraft(or alike), Moba or RTS I would recommend you to try it. Otherwise not, because the game introduces you to a lot of unknowns, and its best to have some experience from either of those genres."
,Recommended,299360,15755976,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Aviansie,"Well, I've never written a full-blown Steam review for any game, ever. Even if it's really good or really bad, I don't normally have the motivation to do so. That changed when I started playing Block N Load.It's a spiritual successor to Ace of Spades, which was bought and remade by Jagex. Unfortunately, that alone would turn quite a few people away, because Ace of Spades didn't fare very well. However, almost all of the problems people had with Ace of Spades have been fixed up here.The game is relatively simple: You get to pick between six classes (more will be coming in the future), including an insane scientist, an evil robot, and a Mexican ninja. Games are two teams of 5 versus 5, where you have about six minutes to build defenses and traps to protect these large machines called cubes and your team's base, then when time's up, the game starts and you can raid your opponents.There are tons of different blocks that do different things. For example, my personal favorite is the fake block: It looks exactly like a connecting block, but when the opponent steps on it, it breaks away and he or she falls hopelessly into your trap, which could be bear traps, caltrops, sentry guns, poisoned dart-shooting tiki heads, or you could even make them fall off the map entirely. Another block is the Force Gate: You and your teammates can walk through it like there was nothing there, but your opponents cannot; they'll have to go around or destroy it. The variety of different blocks allow you to attempt to set up an impenetrable defense (although NOTHING is truly impenetrable!)The strategies required in this game are far deeper than you might expect. Just throwing bear traps everywhere won't cut it. You need to think about where your attackers might approach or where to place radars and respawn pads. Since nearly everything in this game can be destroyed (including all the blocks and items you can place), you have to hide them away where the enemy can't find them. In addition, occasionally a powerful weapon called the Blockbuster will be sent in, giving you shielding and increased cube/base damage for two minutes... unless your enemy gets it first! Because the Blockbuster is only given to the team that can get it first, it becomes a frantic race to the center of the arena to grab this powerful item.So, what are you waiting for, Blockhead? Come on and give it a go!By the way, a tip for new players: Although it seems like a good idea, do NOT cover the cubes/bases with blocks. Trust me on this. You'll just end up giving any attackers free cover."
,Recommended,299360,18265422,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gianfranco Stercoforti,You can play as...An Italian Construction WorkerAn Evil Toy RobotSome weird Pipe-Smoking Austrian GentlemanAn English Hunter GentlemanA Mexican NinjaA Genie from a LampA Siberian YetiA Weeaboo JPopStarA Mad DoctorA Living LightbulbA Sci-Fi PornStarA Fat Texan Hamster in a TankBallA Crazed Killer KlownRambo11/10
76561198084616393,Recommended,299360,18783385,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,3000gt420,"My favorite pass-time game lately. Not a Pay-to-Win game. Only cosmetics cost cash, def worth playing, What the block you waiting on?"
76561198107280059,Not Recommended,299360,29715135,Posted: 5 February,all,DanKai420,"This game is very well designed, it brings a lot of new things to the table when it comes to first-person shooters, building, strategy, the problem is that the community is awful, if you like competitive gaming, responsive, mature team-mates that respond to threats, help you tactically, build the necessary blocks that are needed, etc, forget about it, you will not find this in this game, most of the times you'll be matched with 10 year-old kids with no developed motor-functions, and nearly autistic levels of lack of spatial awareness, you'll spend most of the game yelling, ""BUILD HEALTH BLOCKS, BUILD THIS, BUILD THAT"", while your teammates ignore you completely, and a formed squad of enemies destroy your team and you can do nothing but watch they win, doesn't matter how good you are, doesn't matter your K/D, you cannot carry the team by yourself. So this is this game in a nutshell, I believe they already mentioned the community being this awful somewhere in the reviews but I had to play the game to believe it, I'm just here to reinforce this and tell you guys why I have stopped playing this surprisingly good game.Another con? Matchmaking, it takes a loooong time, just a bad stupid design for a matchmaking system, instead of creating a room and filling it, they get 10 random people, if they click OK within 15 seconds a game is created, if someone fails to do that the whole match is disbanded and they try to create another random group of 10 players using the same stupid method.What else do you need to know, yes, they aren't updating the game very much, not that they need to, the game is actually very well polished, it has barely any bugs, the biggest problem in my view is the community indeed."
76561198141210302,Recommended,299360,16044854,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,NerosProphet,"Pros:This is a very fun game. It makes you work with your team and the way you play is determined by the character you picked. Every character is well balanced. You get supplies by breaking blocks, the longer it takes to break the more supplies you get. Also I found the maps to be so fun and beautiful. Over all I really like this game it’s so much fun, but it’s not perfect.Cons:The flaws are that if you are new you may find it hard to go against those that have played longer. This could be that they are better, but most likely it’s because the games leveling up system is broken. If the person played longer than you did with a character, their character gets to wait less to reuse their ability “F key” than you along with other benefits. Also if you’re looking for a match and find one, but it’s already in progress three things could happen.1.)	You join and see that the game barley started and have fun.2.)	You join and see that you are about to lose.3.)	 You don’t join and may get penalized from playing for some time.Yep, the game will penalize you for not joining a game which most likely is about to end. Also when the games over you have to leave back to the main menu in order to look for another match. So, this means if you had a close game and wish to have a rematch, will too bad you can’t.The game requires to be very tactical and work as a team. Also on average a game may last you 20-35 minutes so make sure you have time to play and have some fun. Bye bye."
,Recommended,299360,17005287,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Timotheeee1,Youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEHhZZqGPMO0AbQnC10xpgQPros:Very addicting and funNever gets boring thanks to the buildingHas a speedrun gamemodeCons:System requirementsMatchmaking
,Recommended,299360,13858446,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,=AJSA= Tons0fun,"Update: This review was before the made the game F2P.By the POWER OF GREYSKULL! This game is a blast! Found it through Yogcast and was cautious. Luckily I was able to snag a beta key before they switched to the pre-order model. I loved what I played so much I went ahead and kicked in the $20.A great mashup of CS:GO (or TF2 if you will), Minecraft and a old Source mod called Sourceforts (Oh yes, I went there).While I do think that the classes need a bit more balancing. It is amazing to see the almost weekly changes to maps, classes, weapons in an attempt to provide a great gameplay experience.I'm not a big fan of Jagex in general but this one is a gem!Pro tip: If you are queued solo and the opposing team is 5 ninjas... prepare to cry, as they will rip through any defenses you have set up in record time."
,Recommended,299360,15682485,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kameelstokje,I've been playing this game since BETA and i absolutely love it. Great community and the developers have really been listening to their community. I bought the game even before i had played it and i don't regret doing so at all. This game is a brilliant mix of shooting and building. If you aren't good at FPS games then this game still has the building part which you might be good at and you can still be very good at the game. Overall an amazing game and certainly worth the amount of money you need to pay.
,Recommended,299360,13446880,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dimick,"Most of the negative reviews for this game are complaining about it being pay 2 win, being too expensive or just being made by the same guys as ace of spades (which we all know was a real badly executed game), when in actuality this game is in beta and is a free 2 play at the current time, so anyone who isnt happy with the current price can play free 2 play until the price drops far enough (Hopefully its one of those games that are in beta for like a year). You can pick up this game for free at the official block n load website, so price complaints shouldnt matter at the minute. This game, despite the fact that its blocked based and an FPS, its almost completely different. The game feels a lot like a moba, but it isnt, so dont let that statement turn you off. you must defend from 1 to 3 bases depending on the map, like tf2 control points except you cant camp back. You must destroy the all the enemies bases to win, and there is five minutes at the start to build your defences. This game allows for a lot of creativity and is pretty good when you get down to it. Jagex have learned from thier mistakes as they just recently made an update that fixed almost all problems i had through character balancing and bug fixes. This is a brilliant game, but sadly i also do not approve of the price for this title. Although this is a pre release with lots of bonus content, i think that if the price was maybe 40% cheaper, it would be a very fitting price and i would reccommend you buy this game."
76561198054665103,Recommended,299360,13552023,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Shrimpo,"I love this game, but it has a few minor flaws, but this is to be expected as it is in BetaPros:-Very fun-Good combat-Nice physics-Good looking-Good combatCons:-Weird falling-Too few players-Not many maps to choose fromEven though there are some flaws, this game is still great fun, and I would definitally recommend it"
,Recommended,299360,13775824,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Meme Evil,"This game is one of the most addicting games i've played in 2015 ( Only game I launched since 2015 )But seriously, I am hooked on this game, 3 days owning it I put already 13 hours into it.The game is still in BETA, and it is amazing.Block N Load currently offers 5 maps and more coming soon:– Cube Cove– Teeny Tiny– Wilson Bay- Mountain Express- Heroes PlaygroundEach map offers a whole new experience, and requires diferent strategy.There also is 6 Classes currently avaliable:-O.P Juan Shinobi - Starring as Ninja ( Not based off of Obi wan kenobi )-Doc Eliza Doolally - Starring as Chemist-Cogwheel - Starring as Cogwheel-Nigel Purdey-Longshott - Starring as Sniper-Tony Turretto - Starring as Engineer-Sarge Stone - Starring as tankEach class offers a whole new play styleEach class can only rank up to level 10. You unlock a special skin when that character reaches level 10.Block N Load features addicting and fun game mechanics, but is easily exposed to trolls.Trolls can:- Team Kill- Spam- Destroy what you build- Destroy traps you placeAlthough its simple to troll, I have encountered 0 trolls in my 13 hours of play time.Most players are kind, willing to help and are just pure awesome.So what are you waiting for? You should of had this game long before I made this review!!!!!!!Now go get blocking Pvt"
,Recommended,299360,28676972,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SuperSpace,"Well i've been a little lazy to write an actual review, but here goes. As you can see I know pretty much everything about this game and have played it for a good portion of time.BlockNLoad is a 5v5 shoot em up style game where you try to destroy their objectives while defending your own. To do this you have a wide variety of 14 heroes all with different weapons, tools, and blocks at their disposal to use to win. Each hero has their perks and stats making them worth taking for the most part. This game is not just another dumb minecraft type shooter, believe me, it's anything but. This game has immense competitive potential and quality, and quite sadly should be alot more popular. If you want to try this game i highly suggest it, it is very addicting, and you can have loads of fun with it.Pros:-A massive progression system-14 wide variety heroes-Sexy graphics-Loads of awesome skins-Many different maps-Many different strategies-a in game map makerAnd a bunch of other stuff, just try the game.-Cons:-Only a couple developers-Some bugs that still arent fixed-Some current balance issues, ahem vander ahem.Basically just get it, it's f2p and it is very enjoyable. Have any questions? Join this Discord server here for the BlockNLoad NA and ask questions!:https://discord.gg/VEASeJR"
76561198036858964,Recommended,299360,15663134,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,fsfeel,"I've been trying the game during a free weekend and definitely gonna buy it, it feels varied, fun and has competitive teamplay potential.The game encourages emergent strategies using destructible environments and building. Digging feels balanced, e.g. sneaky tunneling can be countered with radars, heavy defence with explosives and so on.Pacing is medium to fast - feels more dynamic than, e.g. TF2 for me. Maps are not big, you can quickly get to fights, build respawn pads and respawn is quite short. Individual contribution to winning can be big and satisfying.There's a room for mastering and skill - map control, shooting (headshots), movement (two-block-climb-jumping), deciding when to attack or defend. There is some depth and learning curve is gradual, you can start with just shooting and assaulting the front lines if building is too much for you from the start (tutorial shows just the very basics, unfortunately). The interface is intuitive and informative.Currently ranked matchmaking (is there matchmaking at all?) is not available yet so you get very randomly skilled and behaving people (I haven't noticed any serious griefing yet though (EU server))."
76561198015511558,Recommended,299360,22826635,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,killerllama,"great game, but really needs to fix the que up feature, where you can only join with 3 friends to join a 5 man team, only type of match you can join with more friends is the ranked (which is in beta) and isnt open 5 days of the week.would love for this feature to be fixed because would like to actually play a causual fun game, with my mates."
,Recommended,299360,25431342,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,вιgвangreχ,"Many games have the style of what Block N Load has, an FPS in a world you can build and destroy blocks... nearly all games that fit in this category fail miserably like Brick-Force.Block N Load however doesn't, it stands tall on its own and has a lot to offer! Let's see what the game has!ProsLots of heros, they are separated in 3 classes.Brains who support the team and can do quite a bit of damage, while having limited movement and low health pools.Brawns who are the bigger guys who can take hits, build spawns, radars and mines, and ontop can do a lot of damage to enemies and bases.And Lastly are the skill pros who fit into small roles to help with the team, for an example Nigel the Sniper is a brillant partner to defend with, while Kira is a brillant option for attacking.There's a lot ofvariationbetween classes and all of them are unquie and memorable, plus if you don't like a certain hero, you can always try another! There are plenty of options to choose from!Some of my personal favourites are...Cogwheel the heavy hitting robot who can destory teams and bases with ease!Sarge Stone who is a basic tough guy who can do a lot of damage and in a short time!Nigel Longshot who is one of the most balanced Snipers ingaming and can set up lots of traps!And Kreepy the Klown who scares his enemies into submission with his gloves and banana bombs!FriendlyForumcommunity, we are happy to help out new players who want to learn the game, by giving out advice and tips on how to do certain things, the only way you can anger/annoy us is by directly taunting people or making horrid balance suggestions, we welcome newcomers with open arms!Easy to earn Ingame currency called Gold, you get some for your first win of the day, doing the tutorial, winning and daily events, you can easily earn 1000+ gold a day by doing your challenges and winning! You can then spend gold on heros and leveling up perks, which give you small bonuses and downsides to help give a more unique play style, for an example on Vander, you can get faster build speed, with higher build costs so you can become more offensive, and while attacking, you don't really need to worry about build costs.Lots of blocks to build and destroy! Certain heros can carry certain blocks like Brain's Heal Stations and ammo, Brawn's radars and Spawn Points, and Skill's beartraps and fake blocks, all blocks are useful in their own way and none feel useless!Lots of maps, plus you can make your own! Block N Load pretty much has unlimited maps since the community can create their own if the Dev's take a break from making their own!This gameISN'TPay2win, while you can buy heros and XP boosters for real world money, it's not advised you buy heros with real money since you can get them with Gold quite easily, while boosters are more to show of your level and get block skins, yes you get a certain amount of gold at certain levels, you still gotta work for it.Really cheap prices for skins! Unlike other FPS's that charge you £5 for a small hat *Cough cough TF2 cough cough*, for £1.99 you can get 2 full character skins or 1 more expensive one! Pretty much every skin in the game is awesome and I love every single one of them!ConsAs of patch 2.9 the Matchmaking has been messed up, myself and others have been matched with lower ranked players and have either have been on a massive loss streak due to horrid team balance and lack of skill from players, or a massive win streak for the same reasons, even now Jagex said they have fixed it, but even now I still get matched up with peopleI SHOULDN'Tbe matched with constantly and I often go on massive loss streaks. I've played against the best regularly during and after the BETA and up to now, why do I keep getting shoved with teammates I shouldn't get all the time?It's pretty much like this...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=718721734HOWEVERI haven't seen any brand new players been matched with older players, so chances are you will be fine.Queue times can take a while, but this is because of the rather small playerbase, it isn't the smallest in the world, but on average you gotta wait for about 5 mins for a game.Balance is ok, but it needs improvements, Sweet Science is the best attacker in the game thanks to his mobility, damage and insta kill lava pulls if you don't have an escape which most characters don't have, and characters like O.P Juan (the Ninja) aren’t as good due to his low destructive power, and having no blocks that benefit the team.Ranked is pure cancer, just flat avoid it, everygame I’ve been in it’s ALWAYS been Team idiots with one or two decent players VS Team no life Premade World Champion tryhards, it’s pretty much the Block N Load BETA/Pay Release all over again, just hope Ranked mode dies again like it did in the BETA.Most of theIngamethe ingame community are ret**d, seriously most matches I have (mostly due to poor matchmaking) I end up with either...Teammates destroying our own basePeople who insta lock O.P Juan (Ninja) or Nigel and just do nothing to helpEither lack of attackers or defenders (aka if I attack no one helps, or if I defend, everyone leaves me)People digging 5 miles undergroundPeople who ignore cries for helpAnd moreGrab some friends if you can before you play, again go on the forums to see if anyone wants to join you. (I don’t advice stacking as it is giving the game a negative look to newer players, and older players who are sick of seeing new player/tryhard stacks)The soundtrack could be better, it's lacking a lot and if you want to see my full thoughts, please go check my review for the soundtrack DLC.http://store.steampowered.com/app/367890/Overall Block N Load is a unique FPS and a lot of fun, I've played since the BETA and own every single skin in the game, yes even the rare Santa Tony.Do I like this game? No, I love it! Install it and have some fun!"
76561197985246666,Recommended,299360,15933166,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Echo,"The most fun I've had in a multi-player game in a long time, and there's a great growing community around it."
76561198055305564,Recommended,299360,15643209,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Faint Solstice,"The game is pretty darn great, and for a better understanding of my completely complicated review I have never played Ace of Spades and will not let that affect my opinion of this standalone title.Pros:Lots of Building, fortify this fortify that, hide a radar here and there, maybe a few surprises along the way and your set to go.Alot of Action, some games like this focus on the building and forget about the combat solely. This combines both very well pitting opponents against each other to tank, or support in combat.Fun Strategies, as the trailer says go over, under, through, or whatever your imagination comes up with to assault your opponents.The character selection is nice in a sense each one is meant for a select play style, AoE, Sole playercombat/tanking, or defense destruction and fortification of your own base.Cons:Watching your beautiful creations get unbuiltSome matches are decided based on team, with no current ranking system or points system in deciding the Queue do not expect a balanced team everytime. Think of it as a challenge for yourself to keep the team going in the least.Player base is questionable since I have had a few matches in which team members were player killing on purpose without penalty, some players will afk and the timer is far too long in removing them.All in all a great game."
,Recommended,299360,15827176,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,bearisland,Block and load is like if tf2 and minecraft had a hatless baby.
76561198010127454,Recommended,299360,15725587,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Grape Soda Man,"Many call this game the unholy marriage of minecraft and TF2, which is true mechanically speaking, but the game has a lot of charm all it's own too.Pros:-Easy to pick up the game-Runs on just about any pc-Queue times are reasonable and often quick-The mechanics of the game are fun and make every game experience unique because you have to think on your toes when defending or assaulting, following a ""meta"" would only serve to make you easy to predict and counter.-It's NOT free to play, which given the nature of this game, is a good thing.  Plus no unreasonably long grinding for class leveling.-The devs hold polls and take community input and seem to put a lot of effort into the gameplay and balance.-Cons:-Only 5v5 but later on 10v10 will be included-Variety in maps and characters and weapons are a bit lacking, but that's already planned to be improved later on-It's easy to get griefed in this game, but luckily the game isn't free to play so you see far less of that in this game compared to others.-The game needs a some what better anti cheat system.  You wont see hackers all the time, but they do rear their ugly heads.  Hacks I've seen so far are speed hacks and damage hacks, and no I they weren't using a block buster when I saw this happen.-Team reliance, I love team games, but if you have really bad team mates, you're probably in for a loss, make use of that surrender button if that happens.If I were to rate this game on a scale of 1-10, I'd give it an 8, it's a lot of fun for 20 dollars, I've been playing since the free weekend event for steam release and I already have 40 hours on the game writing this review.The game could use some work and more content, but luckily Jagex seems to be getting on that as they recently opened a poll to vote for what features the community wants them to take priority on, things like 10v10, map editors, more weapons and classes and blocks, etc etc."
76561198039292388,Recommended,299360,15714044,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Peter,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9lP8QlP3wQIf nothing else, Block N Load is an interesting concept. It’s an elegant genre blender of sorts which combines the sandbox building aspect of Minecraft with the team based first person shooting of Team Fortress 2. And while it has its setbacks, Block N Load is a clever Team based shooter which is sure to deliver at least of few hours of quality content.The premise here is simple, each team has its own generator cube, which they have to protect while attempting to destroy the other teams. However it gets a lot more interesting than it sounds. At the start of each match the teams get five minutes to fortify their half of the map and build defences. After that time is up, the big force field at the centre of the map goes down and all hell breaks loose as the two teams attempt to attack each others base. The best thing about Block N Load is that there is no one single definitive way to play, in fact this is a game which rewards creativity and where no two games are quite the same. This is where the Minecraft aspect comes in. The entire map is fully destructible, allowing the teams great freedom of approach. For instance I learned early on that a frontal assault is rarely the best option, as the short ten second respawn timer makes it hard to push the enemy team away with brute force. Therefore what soon became one of my favourite strategies is simply digging a tunnel across the map and to the enemy base, and then destroying it from underneath. The same ingenuity applies to the defensive aspect of Block N Load. This can be anything from digging trenches to building walls to creating some highly elaborate traps. For example in one game I managed to dig a giant ditch next to our base, and put bear traps at the bottom. Afterwards I filled the top up with dummy blocks, which would collapse underneath anyone who steps on them, sending them falling to their death. And there really is a great sense of satisfaction that comes from building a defensive structure or trap, and then seeing your plan work out, as the enemy falls for the trick.The base building aspect is certainly Block N Loads strongest quality, as it embraces creativity and rewards clever tactical decisions. That said, I would like to have seen more different blocks and materials in the game. There is a nice selection on offer here, with some blocks being specific to certain classes, but it would be quite nice to see a little more, as when selecting the materials I wanted to take into battle with me, there wasn’t really that much I had to leave out. It would be a lot more interesting if more blocks and material types were provided, as that would give the player much room for experimentation, therefore meaning a greater sense of replayability in the long run. Speaking of classes, there are six of them, and they each have their own unique weapons, abilities and materials. Jagex did a great job here in differentiating all the characters, and making all of them feel useful in their own right. For instance the medic, which is very much a support character, can heal friendly players and provide them with ammunition, while the big robot class can put down extra respawn points, something which can prove game changing if placed in the right location. There is a lot of emphasis on teamwork here, and a team which is working together is obviously more likely to end up victorious. That said, due to the small team sizes, five on each side, individual contributions can and do make a huge difference to the games outcome, making each player feel a lot more important in their own right. This does however carry a certain problem. Due to the importance of each player in the team, if one player leaves in the middle of the game, the enemy team will automatically have a huge advantage. And this does happen far more than I would like it to, partly due to the fact that block and loads matches are certainly not short, and can easily drag on for 30 minutes or more. As a result I feel that there should have been a system similar to Counter Strike Global Offensive, whereas players can punished for leaving mid way through a game. All Block N Load currently does is politely ask you to finish the game for the benefit of your team, but frankly that is not enough, and I would prefer model where you will be temporarily barred from playing if you abandon your team.Block N Load is at its best when both teams are utilising all the tools at their disposal, and when everyone is using their brains to outsmart the enemy team, the game can prove to be extremely fascinating to play. Newtons third law applies fairly nicely here. ""For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction”, and a good player is not only one which can employ good tactics on his own, but that can also predict the movements of the enemy team, and take appropriate measures to counter them. The actual first person shooting is however mediocre at best. It is helped by the fact that all classes have different weapons and abilities, however I would have liked to see more on the side weapon variety here. Each character has their own unique primary and secondary weapon, however that is it. What I would have like to see is maybe an extra few class specific weapons to be unlocked later on, something which would increase both the gameplay diversity when in combat, and the general sense of replayability. But Block N Load is indeed at its best when its played more like Minecraft and less like Call of Duty. I already mentioned that a frontal assault is perhaps one of the worst and least successful strategies to employ, and thats not helped by the mediocre FPS mechanics on offer here. Instead its the sandbox base building that carries that game, and provides it will a good sense of replayability, as no two games are really ever the same. One of the most fascinating parts of Block N Load is simply looking at the strategies which other players have come up with, and then replicating them at a later date. When going into the enemy base, I was always curious as to what sort of defences they managed to build in those first five minutes, which could be anything from turrets to minefields to elaborate networks of trenches. The replay value is also propped up by the different maps, of which there are currently five. The sandbox nature of the game means that each map comes with totally different strategies, both defensive and offensive. They all offer different possible routes, both above and under ground, rewarding those that are able to think outside the box.Despite its silly tone, Block N Load, is a clever team based shooter which rewards player creativity. It strikes a fine balance between uncontrolled sandbox chaos, and genuinely satisfying team based action. You can currently pick it up on Steam for 15 dollars or 11 pounds, and to be honest I think thats a reasonable price to ask for what you are getting, as at the very least Block N Load will provide you will a few hours of chaotic entertainment, while at best you might fall in love with its open ended sandbox nature. As a final verdict I would recommend Block N Load to FPS fans wanting something a little bit different."
76561198092232511,Recommended,299360,19645646,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Animus,"So this Will be my 2nd review for this game. In my first review I had 244 hours total. Now I have 1,115 hours. Hopefully that shows how fun this game can be. But there are a ton of things both right and wrong with Block N Load. First of all The game has a horrible tutorial so don't even bother with it. The playerbase is usually helpful to new players but when players with over 1K hours keep getting games with new players they can become quite hostile. There are 4 regions to play on Oceania,Asia,Europe,and North America. The game has a bundle of fun mechanics and skins and perks and great voice lines and visuals. Now as before where I was very new to the game a lot of my attitude has changed but most still reamins the same. The game has potential. There are a lot of problems. But in my opinion the Fun Filled moments are worth most of the hard times. I've had more fun than ever possible playing this. I've also had the most frustrating times of my life in this. But i've also made friends that I absolutely Adore and Love to play with every day. I just hope you take a positive mind and treat each game as a learning experience."
,Recommended,299360,15767770,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,big_wildkat,"team fortress 2 + minecraft + mostly balanced PVP = Block N Loadthe game looks silly, is silly, and is rediculously fun.Looking for a good FPS? tired of Call Of Duty? tired of all the brainless twitch shooters?Do yourself a favor and try this game, you'll be addicted before you know it."
76561198106736585,Recommended,299360,16287613,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Allday,"Very good game just not enough people on it yet, really a shame has lots of potential to turn into something amazing.Lets hope the devs make good summer sales"
76561198045825465,Recommended,299360,15690746,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ovidus,"love this game, its like minecraft with 100000% more action.Very good fps game where you can be creative and build your own cool looking base.the game can be hard for new players but as soon you understand the basics you will also start to kick♥♥♥♥♥and having tons of fun.Having a good friend helps alot in this game like one that try to def and other one attacking.That is what i was doing when i was new to this game."
76561198074533163,Recommended,299360,15748493,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,A Black Kid,"Yes, this game might look cheesy and much like a knock off but it's the best damn knock off there is."
,Recommended,299360,15693223,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,JuicyDog,"5 Reasons Block N Load is Amazing and CreativeBlock N Load is the game that I’ve been craving. It’s incredibly addicting, fun, and easy to jump into and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. I’m just going to jump right into it to convince you to splurge 15 dollars on this great game. Normally not a fan of Jagex (never liked Runescape or played any other games), you can assure I’m not biased. I’m basing this list solely on what I’ve enjoyed through playing the game.1. Superb MatchmakingFinding games in Block N Load is quick! I often found myself getting put into instant-queues that were great when I didn’t feel like waiting or alt-tabbing for an extended length of time (I’m looking at you DOTA!). For a game with a relatively (hopefully growing) player base, this is very exciting.Perhaps my favorite thing about the matchmaking is that you can choose to queue into games where players have rage quit abandoned their teammates in the middle of a battle. It works great for both parties–for those who need team mates and for those who want to get into a match remarkably quickly.In these situations, you get a chance to become a hero to your team mates and freshen up a stale game. You very well might be the tide to turn the battle around! In fact, I noticed that happening in certain situations. We would be steam rolling the enemy, and a new player would show up with a unique perspective (and class) and make things interesting for both teams!2. Sweet Class Balance and DiversityWhen I was first playing the game, I often found myself wanting to be other classes or have other blocks–while I was playing my own. If I lost, I had a feeling. “If I just would have had this tool, then we could have won.” But then as I played the game more I began to get a deeper understanding of the blocks you can choose in the game and each of the classes strengths and weaknesses.Each one of the classes is restricted to individual blocks that they can build. I think this is a great ruleset in that it forces players to diversify their played classes and playstyles to a particular class. For example, while the ninja class doesn’t appeal to me–it’s fancy fake blocks, and snares do. Each class has something cool about it, and very strong as well. Because of that, it keeps things very fresh when switching from class to class.Each role also feels well pitted up against other classes. Sometimes matchups (like sniper versus ninja) tend to feel a bit “rock-paper-scissors”, but a big and compelling part of the strategy in the game is knowing where to position yourself on the map against your opponents. You’ll often finder snipers obsessing over towers, ninjas digging tunnels endlessly, and engineers protecting giant caverns with their turrets. In this game, everyone becomes their role, which is surprising and sometimes hilarious. I had a sniper insisting we leave an island solely for him (even if mining the island would give a universal 1000+ resources to the entire team!). Oh yeah, did I mention that the physics in this game let you mine huge chunks of a block mass by cutting out the base and letting gravity take things down? You also get the resources too!The “Rambo” guy as I like to call him is the jack of all trades (and my favorite) as you can build him either offensively, defensively or both. The engineer specializes in amazingly high defensive maneuvers. The sniper and ninja class both act as pure damage classes with specializations in short and long range, with tricky traps in both arsenals. I  wanted to give you some examples of the differences between classes, but I don’t want to give an in-depth analysis of every class because part of the fun is exploring them yourself!3. Clear but Fair ObjectivesOne of Block N Load’s greatest strengths is both how it takes from MOBA games and how it changes concrete MOBA dynamics. This time there is three towers, and you can’t skip towers–instead you have to kill them in sequential order (similar to other MOBA games). The three tower system (sometimes different on the maps) create significant momentum in games and provides different routes and playstyles. Did your first defense fail? Perhaps try a different approach for your protection of the 2nd node.Another strong element in the game is the focus on teamwork and strategy. In a lot of MOBA games, one player often snowballs. However, while Block N Load doesn’t necessarily punish players who do well, players never reach that sense of frustrating godliness that they do in other MOBAs. If the team bands together to take out a particularly strong set of turrets, that player who built the turrets will have to start over. There aren’t items, or levels, just blocks, and lots and lots of explosions.You’d think this would make the end game boring, but the game works through a resource gathering system that encourages constant growth. The more blocks you destroy in the map, the more formations/traps/buildings you can build. There’s no ceiling for your ambition (which is another thing MOBA games lack–only six items at a cap, or a maximum level).The game match length and momentum feels fantastic. The longer games feel tense in the end, and if a team coordinates well–sometimes incredible comebacks can happen.4. Good Community GameI’ve met a lot of cool people playing Block N Load. The game demands communication. Thankfully there’s great voice support in the game to encourage great teamwork (for some reason it doesn’t tell you who is talking or that you are, but this is easily remedied by asking the player or making sure others can hear you!).Like I said before, people can’t ever leave a game in a sense–since they are always replaced by someone else. I’ve found this is a massive increase in team morale and the people I’ve seen trash talking (only a few I can remember) usually leave and are replaced with a more competent teammate.Why can’t other games do this? Well… Remember how I said classes can’t snowball and there isn’t any items? So when someone joins a match fresh, they are on the same level as everyone else (of course without all of the setup blocks and level knowledge). No one wants to join a League of Legends game feeding from the start.5. Weapons and MechanicsShooting in Block N Load is great. It feels a bit arcadey but more realistic than say TF2. Sometimes the guns don’t feel powerful enough, but enemies have health bars and numbers come out which makes it very easy to tell the damage you are doing and how effective you are at doing it.Sniping people isn’t so much about one shot one kills, but more about taking bonus headshot damage. The shooting feels a bit similar to Borderlands 2. All of the weapons also have great hitboxes and range, and it’s incredibly satisfying to shoot at someone hiding behind blocks and do damage to them (I love the rocket launcher).Well, that’s my top 5 reasons to play Block N Load. I just recently picked up this game on steam and have already clocked an impressive amount of play time. It has great addicting gameplay that borrows from objective and team style MOBA games but also combines the creativity inherent in games like Minecraft.Source:http://www.news-loot.com/2015/05/06/5-reasons-block-n-load-is-amazing-and-creative/"
76561198042263702,Recommended,299360,13397102,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Brahmin Herder,Good game. I am currently in the Beta and I have mostly good things to say about this game. This review is about the Beta and not the finished product.Pros:- Enjoyable classes with distinct characteristics that make it extremely easy for people to find an individual playstyle.- 98% Fully destructable enviroment (Metal Blocks that are part of the map borders can't be destroyed)- Fast paced action- Simplistic building system that can lead to some pretty elaborate defenses- Great Graphics- Decent leveling systemCons:- 3 maps (May be different in full game)- Gunplay is hard to get into at first (for me at least)- Building defense is sometimes boring.- Games usually end when the enemy team uses one of several tried and trusted strategies.
76561198085222200,Recommended,299360,15647893,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Man Eating Lobster,"I've never written a review before but this game has compelled me to.It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but I strongly reccomend trying it. I have played for free since it was released recently and i must say that I've laughed out lound more than once. At first the game seems innocent, childlike, a minecraft-ish experience.. But that is far from the truth. as soon as you're taught to get out your LMG you realize that this is a violent game. It's the funniest thing i've seen in a long time, has the best effects sounds especially for the guns, and the shooting is tight and VERY responsive. I've now purchased it, I reccomend you do the same, unless you don't have a sense of humor. If that's the case then you'll hate it."
76561198007305070,Not Recommended,299360,33690120,Posted: 20 July,all,Tiberius,"I love this game, and will still continue to play it. However, the hacking at this point is starting to get out of control. It appears unfortunately the devs no longer seem interested in sloving this known issue. Although I very much enjoy this game, I regrettably cant recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,299360,29836638,Posted: 10 February,all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,good when no 10 year olds
,Not Recommended,299360,16403990,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Apathy,"TL;DR:  Unless you have a team of friends to play this with, stay away from the game. The community is a cesspool.Really crappy community of players in this game.The matchmaking system doesn't pair you with people your skill level. Brand new players will continually get slaughtered against seemingly higher level/more experienced players.Which is a shame, because the game itself is awesome.  Lots of strategy is involved with building defenses. A strong resemblence to TF2 is there with gunplay and classes.  It's a great game.  But the community and matchmaking system make you pull your hair out.  And the people that play generally want to do their own thing, rather than be a team. Complete with pre-teen attitudes, arguing in chat, and just causing grief.  Block N Load needs to incentivise a way for players to work together as a team."
76561198061824645,Recommended,299360,30174504,Posted: 25 February,all,wesleto02,"As good of a time sink as any other multiplayer class based game.I will admit though, the build and destroy mechanic does lead for some inventive and sometime infuriating strategies.But its all in short sweet bites of fun and color."
76561198061562299,Recommended,299360,13916860,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Master Smiley,TF2 and Minecraft had an incredible night together and this is the result.12/10 -IGN.
,Not Recommended,299360,24940281,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gay Banjo Man,"*Sigh* This is probably going to be my first actual non-recommended review and serious review in ages.I played Block N Load before it became ""Free to Play"", I loved it, it was a great game with good co-operation and tactics that made the game alot more interesting, I played with some friends and it was all good.Then it became Free to Play, and the community just became toxic, it was fine the first 2 months but then, Russians, Trolls and 9 year olds just ruined the experience. The game just fell apart for me and it was kinda sad because I actually really liked this game :|EDIT:I swear the hope for this game to become good again is the chance of me getting a job (Pretty slim), face it, community is just intoxicated now..."
,Recommended,299360,13793332,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,British Ninja,"while some might jump on the wagon and claim its another shameless tf2 clone id advise you to take a deaper lookinto block and load bringing ideas that flopped in the past and reviving it to create a love child between tf2 cartoony and chaotic game play with minecrafts sanbox build it your self attitudewhen you start a match you will choose between a chemist , a solider , an construction worker , a robot , and finale a ninjaall following the golden rule of diferent classes bringing special advantages yet carry disadvantages for your team mates to coverA feature that inpressed me straight away was that you cannot change your character onse your locked inthis made you think hard about what roll needs to be filled in your team and reduces the amount of people playing the same class as that can some times cost you the match.when you get into the battle feild your first objective is to fortefy the walls around your basewhile viable for players to create just a solid brick wall all players are encoraged to build more elaborate structuresincluding fake block traps , covering the area with glue to slow down your opposition and caltrops that will damage anyone who comes nearthe game is decently balanced so far exept for the controcters class know as tony turretounlike tf2 tony can deploy as many sentry guns as he can afford ( witch can be over 12 if its a long match)and each sentry gun can easily protect the cube base if exploted in the right positionwhile the rest of the team can focus on the enemy"
,Recommended,299360,22253715,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Z P I K E Y,WHAT THE BLOCK YOU WAITING FOR?!PLAY THE GAME!!!I absolutely love this game! I am a complete noob but Im already very capable of wrecking baseand shooting down the Motherblocking enemy offense with my Tony Turrets!Game offers great competitive scene for both new and veteran players (from what I see and hear on Youtube).Would recommend this to anyone who feels like playing a fun mix of Team Fortress and Minecraft.
,Not Recommended,299360,18453812,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Wyrewolwerowany Rewolwer,"I loved this game, i allways played it, it was a huge fun, until the f2p...Before i start, i just want to let you know that i'm saying Block N load isn't bad, you can play the game if you want, it's not bad, but it's only a dissapointment for me, so i'm only sharing my opinion.Good things about this update:1: They didn't made it pay to win.2: There is more content.Bad things:1: If you bought the game before the f2p, the only good thing you get is a skin...2: There are WAAYY too many trollers and unskilled players now.3: Only one friend can join my queue, Seriously?!4: ALL YOUR STATS AND LEVELS ARE BACK TO THE BEGINNING.5: The interface/menu is impossible to understand.6: The gold and platinum...seriously?7: The HUUUGEEE unbalance of the new characters.8: Why? Before the f2p jagex listened to the community, now they barely even look at the community's opinions.You see, this game was perfect, but they made it free to play just because there wasn't enough people on this game, and by doing that huge mistake, the majority of the people that were before the f2p just quit.I knew the game could become f2p at any time because of a post of the developers, but i hoped they wouldn't do that mistake and let the game like it was.The thing that i liked about this game the most, was the community, it was small, and helpful, that's what i loved about it.Now the community is huge, unhelpful and worse in general.After all, it's actually a good f2p game for new people, but only for new people...not for the majority of people that were there before this update."
,Not Recommended,299360,32460797,Posted: 15 June,all,The Stealable Lion,Block N Load is a great game but Australians seem to be too busy playing League of Legends to care.The game is essentially dead on Oceanic servers and the lag for Australians playing on North American servers makes the game unenjoyable.I do recommend this game if you live in North America because there are still a decent number of players on that server.
76561198283896114,Recommended,299360,29996849,Posted: 17 February,all,FinaLemon,"it's a very well balanced game, although the premium perks can be a little campy, and matchmaking takes a while... though i do think the latter is due to this games small playerbase. by all means, give this one a shot. if nothing else, it's a good wildcard for a LAN party."
76561197968224475,Recommended,299360,15604116,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bilbo,"This is a great game, totally addictive to the point where I don't really want to play anything else. There is so much strategy and importance on team play as opposed to just being another twitchy shooter.Great if you can get a couple of mates to play together so your on the same page, but if you cant then just have a blast with anyone. I can see so much potenial for future champs, and maps, and who knows what else they'll add-in. Nicely balanced too, and being able to choose not only your champ but their skills is a great added dimension.Would recommend anyone to give it a try!"
76561198010309528,Recommended,299360,15692663,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Lugh Limited,"Genius.  A mix of the ever popular Team Fortress and the 3D Minecraft, this game is a new evolutionary step in online gaming, where you are no longer constrained by walls or maps, or the simple imaginations of the original graphic designers.  The game is new, and I love it, and I suggest it to anyone out there looking for a new fun distration to the absurdity we call life.  However, the game is still new, and is a little rough around the edges, as well as still requiring some technical tweaking.  Expect this game to blow your mind, with a simple and community friendly setup interface, and constantly new gameplay.  Play this game!"
,Recommended,299360,16532503,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Laser,"I have played this game for over 2000 hours now, so I might as well review it. There more negatives than positives, but you might as well try this game.GOOD:-No game is the same, which leads to many hours of new things.-Heroes are different, and most of them are actually fun to play.-Small playerbase, which has led to me meeting some cool people.BAD:-Small playerbase, which means you might have to wait a few minutes to find a game (only affects experienced players really).-1 developer, which means there are pretty much no updates.-Some heroes are unbalanced (such as SS and Vander), but it doesn't seem like they will be nerfed anytime soon.-Long queue times for experienced players.-High level play is boring as it consists of waiting until blockbuster (a boost) to end the game.-Game is filled with braindead, 10 year olds, so don't expect anything from your teammates."
,Recommended,299360,26956665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|PH| Yellow Mayonnaise,"This game is a hidden gem in the Free to Play category. Played a ton of hours building,killing and blowing stuff up, actually if you can describe it in three things most likely its BUILDING/KILLING AND BLOW STUFF UP not exclusively in that order tons of fun playing solo and a lot more fun with friends"
,Recommended,299360,14444189,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,-ka7,"Fantastic game. Just fantastic. Loads of fun wrapped in this very simple formulae.This game gives me huge nostalgia waaaay back when I used to play Medal of Honor: Allied Assault on custom Builder Servers that allow you to build before you play.This game has the combat feel more of arena shooters due to it's fast movement and longer time to kill. I love it for it. It's like minecraft Only in the sense that there's voxel blocks to build with. You still need to know how to shoot like other FPS's to do well.There's immense strategy you can pull of in this game, from defending to attacking to organizing your team in just the right fashion. Similar to Moba's, it's 5v5 and your team is key to winning.The beta itself has very few bugs and is basically almost ready to release. Balance is pretty damn good as well, which will likely be an ever-evolving process.9/10 - Buy it."
76561198044265943,Recommended,299360,15796219,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TK_Cyclone,"Nice and simple.Maps - 9/10 I would like to see bigger maps and more spread out.Classes- 7/10 Some of the classes ( the ninja and Tony are pretty much broken) as the ninja your sword hits very hard, with a shrine down you can teleport to the other teams base as soon as you spawn, kind of op.Tony's turrets make above ground assaults on the other teams base impossible. I played a game where he placed 5 turrets down and it made anything above ground impossible. So those two classes seem a little more op than the rest. But with that being said every class is still fun to play!Overall enjoyment of the game- 10/10Hoping for some changes in the future but still a fun game!"
,Not Recommended,299360,29526863,Posted: 27 January,all,Unjudged_Shadow,"I want to give this game a mixed review, however...Positive:- Amazing game (Opinion)- Cool idea- You can get different characters - unlocks basically- skins for charactersNegative:-They let the game go, on my old PC i could run game quite smooth tbh but i played about a couple months after and couldnt- Laggy servers- Annoying players- Sometimes i'm put with 1st time players (I don't mind its just when im building sanb blocks, they replace with brick >:|)Conclusion - I want to give this game a positive, because its an amazing idea and this game has great potential. Try fix :*"
,Not Recommended,299360,23472539,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,xClaw,"Just as a FYI, I got this game on the 5th of May, 2015 and I've played 395 hours.This game caught my eye when it was still pay to play and in the beginning I enjoyed playing it quite a lot.The tutorials are great, although I think they should actually be somehow enforced to avoid completely unaware players of diving into PvP without any knowledge of the game's or heroes's mechanics.The maps were plenty and new ones were being introduced with updates. They were symmetrical so there were no balance issues.The ORIGINAL heroes are well thought of and relatively well balanced. The ninja was only OP if the enemy team doesn't actually play as a team, which happens very often.The graphics have that cartoonish look which to be honest I don't mind that much, not every game needs to have outstanding textures and special effects to be good and I think this one did that.The control and movement does need some work, sometimes it feels like you're playing on ice and it often ends in you falling, sometimes into lava.But then the bigger problems started appearing...The player base was small, which was expected since the game had not been released for too long, and as a consequence joining a game sometimes took longer than 45 minutes.Barely anyone talked during a game and there was rarely any sort of communication as a team.The matchmaking algorithm is absolute trash, placing someone who just finished the tutorial against players with level 60.Only one region for all of Europe, which generated huge amounts of lag and made many players go crazy because of shots not being registered, being disconnected, not being able to move, etc etc. You obviously can't expect someone from Amsterdam and someone from Portugal to be playing and everything going smoothly, it just won't happen.New heroes started being introduced, and although I welcome new content with open arms for a game that I've paid money to purchase, I HOWEVER do not welcome new content that allows players to exploit lame tactics with new heroes or new content that allows players to be overpowered because they paid to be able to use an overpowered hero (two major issues here, one is allowing the game to be exploited by the use of lame tactics, the other is P2W).Cheaters (not many) ingame. Imagine a Cogwheel shooting his minigun and only doing headshots... Yeah, not much fun to play against that one.And then ranked was introduced...And it was actually introduced correctly, there was a queue for normal games and there was a queue for rankeds, which is great!Players just looking for a relaxed and fun game can just go for normals and players looking for a more competitive edge can go for rankeds.BUT, they screwed it up. They made it all into a single queue. There is no more normals queue and no more rankeds queue. Now you just press Play and the ranking system is forced upon you.And with a ranking system forced upon you, you can either be playing with someone who's just there for the hell of it or you can be playing with someone who's actually there to play as a teammate.Now, if you're into normals, you're fine, you'll just play your game and you'll enjoy yourself.But if you're into competitive, well, you're not going to enjoy it very much when that guy that just joined for a normal does absolutely nothing the entire game to help the team but instead spends his time building a tunnel under your own base.Matchmaking remained trashy, placing 1 or more players in the top100 against people with Gold 3.Even more new heroes came out, and again, more P2W heroes that were overpowered.And now they've gone one step further (and in my opinion, downhill) and made the game free to play.Probably hoping that this will expand the player base considerably.Not only have they completely disregarded the many people that have paid for this game and just told them ""Thanks for your money but now that we already have what we want, screw you"" but they've opened the gates to every player with a half decent PC.While I find it great that the queue has diminished, I absolutely hate the fact that now anyone can just install, cheat and even if banned, just install again and cheat again.And obviously the amount of normal players will increase dramatically since it's another game you can just have for free in your library and play whenever you want.This was the final drop and what made me stop playing the game, and I consider it unplayable at this point unless you're just going for normal.It has clearly changed a lot from what I purchased and Jagex have ruined it.EDIT: Typo removal"
,Recommended,299360,15683841,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DJsquare3 (Nebula),"What is Block N Load? First of Let me say that this is far from an Ace Of Spades rip of or fancy reskin. Anyone who plays for a decent amount of time will be able to confirm that.Block N load is all about team work, and preperation, But it also features fast paced combat requireng strategy and planing inorder to achive victory over your opponents. The team that wins will be the team that works together, plans together and  adapts to the enemys movements.Block N Load is unique in that before combat begins, both teams get time to build defences to protect there objective. Building walls, radars, traps, turrets and the like can all help defend your precious base. Working togetehr is key to build an epic defence that will have your enemies stuck at the front door. Failure to build an effective defence will alow your foes to walk all over you. By doing this the game forces you to think carefully and be a bit creative in how you plan your defence. Its up to you to find a way to defend it as long as posible to give your team more time to attack.Once the batle begins things heat up quickly. Battles can be fast paced and frantic and require quick thinking inorder to out wit your opponetns. Getting the high ground and working as a team to flank enemies is highly effective and landing a killing blow feels awesome and satisfying.Attacking the opponents base can offten be tricky and some times rather challenging. Especialy if its well fortified, yet there is a huge sense of Acheivment when you are able to open it up and watch it come crashing down. Blowing up a defensive line with a well placed bomb or mortar fells great and satisfying. I even caught myself shouting ""KABOOOM!"" (Ive been plaing lots of Demoman on TF2 latley, sue me) once when a well placed bomb of mine took out there wall along with 2 of there turrets and health and ammo staions, allowing my team to charge in and take out the remaing defences before going for the objective.Winning a match feels SO good and the satisfying sound of the enemy base exploding just puts the cherry on top.There are several diffrent characters to try and all of them have strengths and weaknesses. A good team will have a mix that alows for both good defence and offence. A team that neglects one or the other can still win, but chances are they may strugle if they do not plan out their strategy well. Each character feels useful and unique and each plays in very diffrent ways. This alows for players to experiment and find characters and strategies that match there preferd play style or to branch out and try new and diffrent tactics that they would normaly avoid otherwise. At the moment there are 6 playable characters but there are more on the way and hopefully this will lead to new and exciting ways to play.While I have done nothing but praise the game so far there are a few issues that have disapointed me duing my 100+ hours of gameplay. The controls do feel a ♥♥♥♥♥ chunky at times and the jump mechanics do take a fair bit of getting used to, especialy if your used to playing games like TF2. Do not be suprised if you find yourself acidently jumping off a leadge to your death. There are also a few anoying bugs that still remain unfixed despite the game being out of beta, thankfully none of them truly ruin the game and they sould hopefully be on their way out soon.It should also be mentioned that new players will most liekly strugle at first as they try and learn what works and what dose not work, when it come to attacking and defending.Overall this is a really fun game that alows for good team based combat and strategy. Players who like to rely on there brains as much as there skill will probably have a lot of fun at this. Just be sure to give the game a chance and you will most likely enjoy it.I Highly recomend you give this game a shot. Its fun, its clever, its well balanced, its action packed, and its highly enjoyable.Get in there and have some fun.(What the Block you gona do?)"
,Not Recommended,299360,18284855,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rose (free SFM posters),"was a really great game until the most recent update. Sure i don't mind playing with F2Ps but seriously?? you can only queue with one other friend? I mean i paid for this game at least let me queue up with more than one friend. If you do not fix this, this game will soon die out and people won't even care. Online games are meant to be played with friends and are a lot more fun with them."
76561198153524470,Recommended,299360,14247227,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tarik,"this game is good, however the new update has made it so hard to look for games, and it can easily take up to 10 mins"
,Not Recommended,299360,15797943,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Wunbrow,"I tried this game only because of the free weekend offered on Steam.  Its a Minecraft-ish, tower defence/attack, team FPS.  After playing a few games I discovered I really liked it so dished out the cash and bought it.  At the start of a game each team is closed off to prepare their defence of the cubes.  This involves building/destroying walls, setting traps and adding defences.  Once the ""curtain"" drops the game starts in earnest and you will have to defend the cube against the other team as well attack their cube.  You can do this by running in gung-ho, sneaking around the defences or tunnelling in from below.  Sometimes you get stuffed with a rubbish team and you are doomed from the start but to be honest I still enjoy the gameplay.  There is a variety of pre-set characters who are cartoonlike (in fact very Borderlands) but very well drawn with amusing one liners (which do start to get annoying and can give away your position).  So yes I will give this a positive review just because I have had my £10 worth out of the game.  There are more updates coming as well as a new character.i really really like this game, HOWEVER the queue times are not acceptable.  So I have changed this review.  I quite regularly queue for 5 or so minutes, finally get in a game and then the 10th person doesnt accept.  You then find yourself at the start of another queue starting at zero.  Also if you do get in a game, you may play a game where one cube is destroyed and you get an♥♥♥♥♥♥in your team who just wants to give up so continually spams Surrender.  If you fail to agree, he/she will then just type abuse and then eventually when you refuse to give up will then attack you and your defence and assist the enemy team.  Then to make it worse at the end of the match they vote you as a bad player just because you want to play the game.  It quite often takes 10 minutes to get in a game so I never want to surrender no matter how bad my team.  The down vote by the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; player then affects your queue times negatively.  It is such a shame that the queues are so bad and the fact that the kids get to vote against your willingness to play when it looks like you are losing.  Therefore I cant recommend it any longer.  A great game but ruined by really long queue times."
,Recommended,299360,14227083,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,KaLS,"I'm gonna start this off saying I am not the ""building games"" kind of guy.I was probably bored as ♥♥♥♥ and stumbled upon this game, the trailers looked fun, so I tried it out for the heck of it.Straight to the point, this thing exceeded ALL my expectations, it's some sort of TF2 in which you can ♥♥♥♥ up your enemy's base, what's there not to like?Another thing that I liked a lot, is the necessary teamwork, being a lone wolf can get you ♥♥♥♥ed up.Here are the classes of the game:* O.P Juan Shinobi: Infiltrator class, get inside the enemy's base by climbing walls, sabotage their defenses and slice people with a goddamn sword.* Tony: Defensive class, builds turrets and has special building tools to assist allies.* ""Doc"": Offensive/Defensive class, throws some kind of toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes people die.* Sarge: Has an LMG with a huge ammo capacity, a C4 charge, and frag grenades. great for destroying defenses.* Nigel: Has a long-range rifle (scopeless), tons of traps, and can ♥♥♥♥ you up from afar.* Cogwheel: A robot with a ton of health, a machinegun on his arm and a mortar.I'd advise you to give this game a shot, specially since you can play it for free if you get a beta code.http://blocknload.com/signupIt might look childish and all but I had tons of fun in this, met some nice people and I didn't even play that much, greatly recommended."
76561198320035069,Recommended,299360,30038641,Posted: 19 February,all,✠ Jɪᴍᴏ,"Very good game, so good mm 100% no stacks, no hackers."
,Recommended,299360,15747910,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,=7Cav=SPC.Xander.T,Very fun class based game. You spend the first five minutes building your base defenses/harvesting resources then attack the enemy's base destroying their cubes.
,Recommended,299360,15601539,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Toyota Corrola AE86,10/10 Brilliant game. Would Block N Caulk again
,Not Recommended,299360,25039419,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,mike,"The game used to be good fun and I am sure it can still be at times however I feel ripped off having spent money on this game and getting very little in reward when it became free to play. Becoming free to play ruined this game. It should either be completely free or paid for.My conclusion: The game is good, but micropurchases and ftp ruined it. Don't trust the developers."
,Recommended,299360,16437021,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Phaze - twitch.tv./LPSin,"Wonderful game, Minecraft meets TF2. The game might be new, but the devs definately listen to the community! We need more people playing BnL!"
76561198029431136,Recommended,299360,16467146,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gameoholic,"This game is what Ace of Spades should have beenIt's a suprisingly strategic game. You get 5 minutes to build whatever the hell you want (yes, you can build after 5 minutes to). You get traps, fake block that enemy players go through, bombs, blocks that only your team can go through and etc. It's a game where the enemy team and your team get 3 core blocks in a 4x4 shape that your and your enemy team needs to deffend from each other. Kinda like a moba with it's towers...but it's 4x4 block with no turrets.If you like TF2, Minecraft or just want a new and somewhat inovating way to play an FPS game, well here it is"
,Recommended,299360,15611620,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dycerius,"If you have played ace of spades or other similar games that introduces voxel base building and first person shooter but was disappointed, then you might avoid it with this game, Block N Load. BnL is trying to have a fine balance between letting a player enjoy base building such as placing blocks, traps, turrets and other gadgets around within a certain time limit, before all hell breaks loose and the big wall is removed. At the same time it is allowing first person shooter fans to have fun just shooting anything and everything, blocks, traps, turrets, players and so on.Whether you want to focus on building defense, traps and buildings using blocks then you can contribute that way. If you want to go in gunning, then you can do that. If you want to stay behind and snipe, you can do that too. Maybe you want to sneak around and climb up the walls, you can do that too. Perhaps you want to mix it all up, you can do that too.All in all, it offers a great variety and strategy when playing. If you don't care much for team play you can still have fun just playing lone wolf, gathering resources by breaking bricks and using them to put out lots of firepower in turrets or just traps, even intel such as radar.If you are terrible at FPS but always wanted to have fun playing an FPS this is your chance to still be a team player, contribute and even end up first in your team...even if you lost the match. As you rack up points also by destroying bricks and placements while building new things. So killing alone might not be sufficient anymore.So if you enjoy building, placing out things, sneaking, sniping, gunning, running, climbing, jumping, digging, healing, being random, trying to be creative or figure out new ways to combine the different classes you all play as a team who have access to different equipment, to create a new way to attack, defend or just be crazy creative while bombs and gunshot is flying around...then so be it. Do that...It's a great game. Play it...Classes - Standard equipment + unique equipment for the class you choose. Level them up, get bonus and more powerful buffs...Come on, go on....I know you want to play it..."
76561198043990827,Recommended,299360,15795124,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Bust Masta Bronn,"Great game, but I have one issue:It's like a all the 12 year olds on Steam saw this game and was like ""oh wow! Minecraft + CoD how amazing!"" and as a result you get a lot of awful players with no tactical or strategic sense. Granted, I'm still a low level and still learning some mechanics, but some of the people I have played with so far are just so dull.Anyone looking to buy this game, beware of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players, but learn the game. Also, do not be afraid to communicate. This game is first and foremost a MOBA, so teamwork is priority. That is the key to winning matches in this game. No amount of individual skill can carry in a MOBA of this variety.Regardless, I am having a lot of fun playing this at the moment."
76561198053072396,Not Recommended,299360,22134426,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Squeekblach,"I loved this game in the beta stages, and I still play it now time to time.But making it free to play ruined pretty much everything.It can be very fun to play (if you have a semi competent team.)But over half the time you'll have a team that chooses three heavy characters etc and loses.When I used to play, I was level 36 and was excited to level up, but the F2P update took away all my levels and character upgrades and replaced it with owning the original characters and a few skins.I payed TWENTY DOLLARS for the game and I feel like I should get something more than characters that should be free already. Plus, people who payed for the game don't get any new characters, (Yuri, Kira Chan, Kreepy, etc.)Gold and Platinum are the stupidest things ever... That's all I have to say about them.THE SERVERS ARE HORRIBLE, I GET CONSTANT LAG SPIKES AND HIGH PING.Don't even get me started on character balance...Those are just a few of the reasons that I feel ruined the game.This is all my opinion so don't flip out.TL;DR: the devs ruined the game and unless they fix it, I'm not changing my review."
76561198061063772,Not Recommended,299360,20050679,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Angeloco,"wtf this game is free now, can i get my money back?"
76561198044473098,Recommended,299360,16157936,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Tmeck,"Holy cow, I have never played a FPS on a computer and after watching some Let's Plays of this game I figured it was time to get my fingers wet.... metaphorically speaking. Anyway, this game is like a cross between Team Fortress 2 and Minecraft and it's incredibly fun to play. They add new characters (for free) every two weeks and the game play is fast and frantic and before you know it, you've sunk in more hours than you really wanted to.Overall, very fun. Please buy it and come play with us!"
,Recommended,299360,15788231,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ascending Darkness,"The First Rule of Block N Load club : You can play someone else,but ninja."
,Recommended,299360,16080610,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Frostcoin,"This game Looks like another minecraft clone targeted towars young children but its not ~!Its actually a suprisingly fun combination if tf2 / minecraft/ dota & league elements.In this FPS shooter you build up your defenses around the Cores.Protect these cores from your enemys and destroy their cores :) So far the playerbase has been quite good and most of the players are not your avarage ""Call of duty minecraft screamers"" so thats good :)If you have the spare money and looking for an online FPS thats fun to play, this might be the game for you :)"
76561198055878448,Recommended,299360,15795872,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Costco™ Pizza,It is a great and extremely enjoyable game. I played for a couple hours when it was free and bought it as soon as I could. Great game
,Not Recommended,299360,18293357,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheFrogWannabe,"The reason I don't recommend the the game is because of the resent update. Making it Free to play has made it so to have all of the characters, you have to pay. As it is a f2p game, this is expected. When I saw this, i thought it would be fun. I was kinda wrong. Sure it is still the same game, with the none paid for characters still being there, but it is stuff like perks. Before, everyone was on the same level (except those who had put more time into it) so nobody got extras. As of now, you can have such of a bigger advantage.Also, people who put hours into it before, have nothing. One day I look, level 10 characters. Now, everything is level 0.:("
76561198056527370,Not Recommended,299360,18268312,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Morfiel,"**butthurt allert**the game itself is awesome, i always enjoyed it.but right now , getting killed because russians are lagging and you arent really ableto hit them because of stutter walking... sucks, right ?edit: forgot to say that a decent matchmaking system is non existent."
,Not Recommended,299360,18277888,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hazmire,">Bought the game>Happy with it, everything works and it's fun>Months later>""HEY GUYSSS ITSS F2P NOWWW XD LOLZZZ!!!>I just got scammed out of my moneyA free skin and access to all the heroes I could already play as before the game went f2p is not enough. I paid for a game that is now free. As for those saying that there was no guarantee it would always be pay2play, I ask you, do you think when purchasing any game on steam ""Wait this may go f2p someday!"" and hold off on buying it. The answer is no. As the users, we should not accept this hack method of drawing in more users, a good game is self reliant and shouldn't require a f2p gimmick to have a dedicated userbase."
,Recommended,299360,20414179,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Poosi Boy,"This game is absolutely amazing, if there was one game I could only play it would be this one."
76561198165973159,Recommended,299360,15268261,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Santa Hoovy,i need help when i go into Block N Load Beta and i click the play button it dont work
,Recommended,299360,18263712,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,nuttymeme,"been playing before f2p update, got bonusespros-good graphics-intense gameplay-always different gamescons-has some minor bugs that can be fixed in a few days-has a chance of suddenly crashingeven things-is able to run on an i3 + nvidia GEforce GT 710m laptop (basically mine)either way; its a good game :)"
,Recommended,299360,17479177,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Comarki,"Omg dis best game ever, look at my playtime etc. etc.On a more serious note, the game involves a steep learning curve and is difficult to master. The 'Build' is just as important as the 'Load', meaning you don't have to be good at aiming to be decent at this game. The game gets extremely tactical, especially when the teams are balanced. That's the main issue though. The lack of players is really this game's greatest downfall. This isn't much of a problem for new players in their first 50 hours, but when your MMR (Match Making Rank) reaches a certain point, the queues start to last longer than the games you get lol. Yes this is probably because the game fails to put high ranking players against eachother since only 2 or 3 are online during most of the week, but a 10 minute queue for a 5-10 minute game gets pretty repetitive after a while.Anyways, the game is really fun and you should definitely try it. After all, it is free to play, you can't really complain lol"
76561198067170653,Recommended,299360,15214725,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,PeregrineX7,"9/10A really fun game. I honestly cannot remember the last time I had so much fun playing a shooter.Graphics:The graphics look much more like TF2 than Minecraft, but are unique to themselves. Though there are blocks, many of them are not cubes. There are all shapes and sizes.  It looks sleek and modern, not retro at all. There are also nice shadow and lighting effects. The style works for the type of game it is. In the heat of battles, blocks fly everywhere from explosions going off all around you, which adds to the experience drasticly.Gameplay:First and foremost is the unique ability to break or build anything. It adds a layer of strategy not found in most shooters. Defenses do not have to be complicated to be effective, though complicated desings can work if applied correctly. It takes a lot of time to develop good strategies for building on each map.Once the match begins, after the build stage, you can do just about anything. Digging under a base is as viable as building over one. As others have said, unlike in Minecraft, there is gravity, so you will not be able to build floating bridges.Each character feels really unique, and you really need one from each of the 3 categories to be successful (usually).  The weapons in this game are SOOO satisfying. A combination of good sound effects and visual effects makes each one pop, and landing a shot, no matter the weapon, always feels good. Each character also has a special ability, which, for most characters, offers support for yourself and all surrounding teamates.Teamwork is key in this game. You need to use text or voice chat to tell eachother what you are doing, and make sure to plan attacks ahead of time. Running in wildly is not an option in this game, even for the tank class Cog.Right now there is only one gamemode: Destroy the Base, but the developers are going to have more ready for launch in less than a month. I am hoping for a Payload type mode, where players place the tracks for the bomb train to follow.Despite just one gamemode, I have yet to become bored, thanks to well designed maps that offer good variety. Player map creation is another planned feature to be looking forward to.Overall I would HIGHLY recommend this game. It has something for everybody, even those who don't usually like shooters. I hope that this game will continue to expand and grow a healthy community once it is released in a few weeks!"
,Recommended,299360,15261123,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Atirion,"Block N Load is a game for itself. Amazing combat, beautiful and well-made maps, funny gameplay and TONS! of gameplay value.I haven't played this game so much yet, but I've already noticed the small events they have put into the game. Shows that they really put effort into their game.Around Christmas, they had an event where you had to play 20 matches, to get a Tony skin (Tony is one of the playable characters).I love the quick combat and the variable combat in this game. Want a new way to go? Dig down and dig away! ""Dig your way to victory!""Rate? 8/10. I would like to see more small maps, rather than big maps. I enjoyed the 1 core map more than the 3 core maps."
,Recommended,299360,29486240,Posted: 25 January,all,gokuaman,"Get your blocks ready, cover the king block and protect it, then load your gun and shoot enemies and try to destroy their cube and keep protecting yourself, 5 vs 5 is a good battle in this game and about 14 classes to choose and play with different abilities and powers, easy to learn and fun based, and free on steam so what else you need, FPS , shooting and minecraft all in one so get it and pretty simple to do all tasks and easily playable, small download, must play game."
76561198159462285,Recommended,299360,15983074,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,$ma$hy__ca$hy,Its minecraft meets team fortress 2. 10/10
76561198079663330,Not Recommended,299360,18284744,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dustaroo,If you dont change the squad size this game will die and I wont feel bad. this was a poor buisness choice and will isolate your devoted players the few who play this game reguarly and not the people who play once and get pissy that they died . I like this game but this is really off putting and hope you see this outcry and change this mechanic.
,Recommended,299360,16720149,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Arthur,"Refreshing gameAfter playing this game for hours, testing everything and being on the multiples forums (steam, reddit) I believe I can make a comprehensive review of this awesome game.There's a DEMO available, that allow you to play ONLY a few characters available. You can play with every other users, on every maps. Try it before you buy it ! ;) Also a pack (5 players) is available if you have any friends that are willing to play with you.Pros (+)Incredible freedom with blocks, it feels good to model the battlefield ! You can dig holes to make traps, create bridge, sneak around below thanks to tunnels, create bunkers. This is great to use your creativity to defend and attack !The devs are quite present (especially on reddit), and listen to the complaints as well as the questions of the player. (You can find a discussion I had with them on reddit, search for ArthurCP). This feels great to be able to contact people from within !The characters available are quite different and each bring something powerful and different with them ! From the turret makers to the very mobile ninja, and also a robot making mortars. You're sure to find a character suited to you !Devs plan to add more characters, more blocks for MORE FUN!Cons (-)Lack of players sometimes but not a big issue in my opinion, didn't really felt the lack of players. You might have to wait a few minutes to get into a game. Jagex (the company that own the game) is making a lot of marketing to help onto that.Jagex do not have a great reputation in the gaming world as they ♥♥♥♥ed up some games. But seems like Block N Load is a completely different story (AT THE MOMENT, 26/06/2015).Some issues with the matchmaking, that allow team of multiple experimented players against casual/new players. This lead to a very bad first view of the game for the new players.Even if there's negative points, I highly recommend this game as it's skill rewarding (creativity, time to learn some ""construction"" such as bunkers, etc.) and I find the atmosphere really enjoyable !"
,Recommended,299360,18459044,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,BlocknBoom(ZA),Absolutely love this game. Love it even more that it went f2p and its just brilliant how well the develepors listen to the community and how well they respond. :) I would pay my whole life's savings for this game because it's just that brilliant. Tips for noobs: Watch and learn: FROM THE TUTORIAL SECTION! :P
76561198088103625,Recommended,299360,15774277,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,killcrazy2503,"This was a really fun and enjoyable game when it first came out.... but similar to tf2, it went free to play which wasn't bad but it meant that you had to buy any new characters that came out with real money or in game currency which was like the normal gems system in games which take months to save up for one character. That aside it is a decent game and diffinatly worth a try if you are into hero shooters, and its free so why not?"
,Recommended,299360,15686749,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,noxxsan,"i really liked this game, but Devs need to add 10v10 matches"
,Recommended,299360,15076783,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[GM] Dark,"A perfect combination of TF2, Minecraft, League of Legends and Tower Defence."
,Recommended,299360,15785912,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Cordell,"This game is honestly amazing. For that I recommend it. There are many fun classes and it's really fun to build before and during battle. Buuuuut most everybody you come into contact with is a complete ♥♥♥♥ing know-it-all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a terrible attitude / personality. Do yourself a favor and if you decide to play this game... turn the chat completley off. Even the text chat. I'm pretty positive you can do that. Literally every time I decide to hop on for a game or 2, one or more people is COMPLETLEY toxic and almost ruins the experience."
,Recommended,299360,15638487,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Steve Dawson,10/4
76561198084521581,Recommended,299360,15749210,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,F13durante6,"This is way better then I ha expected it to be, this game is really cool and worth 15$10/10 fun times 10 times more with freinds"
76561198019257815,Recommended,299360,15596443,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lana,awesome !
,Recommended,299360,15685075,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,LP Dodo Malaayz,"This game is pure and simple FUN. It doesn't matter if you're 40 or 10, playing alone or in a full party. Everytime I play a match I have fun, yes I do rage sometimes, but the majority is my own fault :P If you haven't bought it yet but are planning to do it, go ahead, you will only be rewarded (experience, limited offer DLC/skins etc). If you're worried about getting owned, thats not an issue. Play it for 1-2 weeks and you'll get the hang of it. Every character has ups and downs, which makes it easier for you to pick a character without hesitating whether or not you will win gunfights since you don't have to pick the ""best"" one. All around fun game and I highly recommend buying it, if you're in doubt, watch some youtube videos. Those will definitely make it clearer for you."
76561198067249014,Recommended,299360,15781710,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,iPrecision,Currently i find the concept quite enjoyable. With some balance changes things could pan out quite well.
,Recommended,299360,18537685,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,cj in pj's,"Built a brick house, but some more blocks down, shot and killed some people, reloaded, fell into lava, made a tree fort, made some new friends as they said to me ""Go play the game noob, stop wasting supplies."" Felt happy, did this for the past  9 hours or so.11/10"
,Recommended,299360,16778713,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,StanMan,epic!!!!
,Not Recommended,299360,18284019,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SgtWireless,The free to play update reset all my progress on my classes and added microtransactions.
76561198004984870,Recommended,299360,15625660,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,O.C.D.,"Looks cool! Unless you watch me playing! Because I'm rubbish!(now off to go play practice mode so I can figure out what the hell's going on...)Def recommend giving it a look, was lots of fun even in the chaos of me not figuring out controls etc ;)Updated: Played about in the tutorial, and had a few games - seems really easy to get the hang of the trivial bits, but deep enough that I can see lots of longer-term strategising, metagame and other fun...Games can take a while to complete, but actually I've so far found that a good thing - the time flies, and it allows for a lot of ebb and flow.Recommend, esp while free, and I've now bought it too :)"
76561198034967722,Not Recommended,299360,18127029,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,{₡z฿z} Dehatchi,"Did I just waste my money on this game? I went through the tutorial and after was looking through the servers list... where it looks to be completely deserted. I saw a total of 3 other servers, each with one player in it just by themselves slowly making their way to the enemy bases. Am I missing something here? Oh yeah, it has other gameplay options but in order to play them you have to create your own server because you can't join any other server that has ""started"" the match, so you have to do this pointless, tedious match by yourself? Please let me know if i am missing something because i feel I just completely wasted 10$"
76561198180335305,Recommended,299360,18475096,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,GingerNinja1313,Very Fun And Addictive
,Recommended,299360,13954865,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bmikes,"Block N Load is something new and fresh to the game market. With it's catchy music, unique art style and competitive multiplayer, this game brings a lot of fun and friends to your PC. Each character you choose has a totally different fighting style and Silhouette, they each have a role to play on this team based multiplayer. Pick the wrong character setup and you may not do to well so choose wisely.You are a 5 man team facing another 5 man team with your own side of the map. Once the match begins you have a few minuites to prep your base by setting up traps, reinforcing things or building anything you can think of that may help win the game. During this time you cannot see or go to the other teams base, once the timer hits zero each team is free to attack. You may still build after the timer but you will have non friendlys attacking you at any time. The way to win is to attack they enemies cube, a small square genereator looking cube. Depending on the map chosen in the beginning by voting, you may have up to 3 cubes to destroy.  Once one of the two teams destroys all of the cubes it is game over where you can look at your stats before heading back to start a new mach.I fell in love with Block N Load. It's refreshing to see something new on the market with a great community including friends from all over the world. Everyone is there to help you because they need you in order to win. The devs are very good at responding to any questions, concearns or just to chat occasionally. I find myself not wanting to stop playing even when I need to. Every game I find myself on the edge of my seat as I get into fast paced battles with other players seeing who can outsmart our destroy the other.  Each play is different and the game can change and flip at any moment, you will find yourself stuck fighting and defending untill one team breaks through enemy lines taking you and your cube down or vise versa. That is what makes me love this game, that is why I reccomend this game. No other game can you laugh, fight, and sometimes cry all in one match."
76561198050396303,Recommended,299360,15267413,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,★{GFYH}Calmune (ibyoshi),really dont know what its like cause i cant get ina  damn server!
76561198065060314,Recommended,299360,14796755,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,heck,Most mlg game evar. Blow up babies and nigel.
,Recommended,299360,16253401,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BasementProductions,"Do You Like Minecraft? Do You Like Any Shooter?  Well Mix Those 2 And You Get This. Heres The Equation Minecraft + Shooters = Block N' Load!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               EDIT because of the F2P update : Dont get me wrong here but heres the new thing theres almost ALL f2ps Why? every match you get 1 to 3 guys that have reskins evrey one else has the commando guy destroys ALL defenses and make your life a LIVING HELL! So my outcome after the f2p update 8/10. - IGN lol Dont get me wrong its still fun just not like before the f2p update so play if your a newcomer if your a vetran to this A.K.A. cod.... just get minecraft, mod it, with guns n' stuff find a server that supports all that and play on it! So if you skiped all that heres the summed up version. 8/10 Play if you think it might be fun."
76561198112066525,Recommended,299360,19159957,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,UhaveAp&$$yIhaveAd*ck-e-e,6vs6 pvp game+good graphic+balancednow bad sides:-a LOT of gamers in this game don't know what is:''TEAM WORK''
,Recommended,299360,18585254,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CrazyContraption,"Block N' Load was an amazing Beta when I played it. The only problems I had with the game, wasn't really the game itself:Graphics are good, game-play is one-of-a-kind, and it is truly fun to play.My issues lied within the community; I adore a good game, but if it's going to be centered around multiplayer, community is important. The Beta had only a few players who were willing to buy it, and the ones who probably got a code generator were hackers, and without any V.A.C. system or report features, this game was horrible to play and have a good time.Now, fully fledged with constantly updated and bursting new content all the time, the community is much better. I know a lot of people may think that Free-to-Play means lots of noob-ish players, but at least their better than too few players at all, or hackers! And on top of that, anyone who DID buy the Beta, retains some of the previously available (but now unlockables) from the getgo.As far as game-play goes, everything is pretty balanced an fair to play, it runs smooth, looks nice, controls are a bit clunky (who cares, you can reconfigure them!), but best of all: IT'S A GAME THAT IS A FREE TO PLAY AND DOESN'T FOCUS ON MICRO-TRANSACTIONS! Yeah, they have them, but they really won't get you anything that gives any sort of advantage over another player. Their also not so in-your-face about them either, almost like a thing you can do but you have no reason to do it.All in all,8.6/10-CrazyContraption @ R&S Corp."
,Recommended,299360,18441901,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Crazy Truth,good game but since its been F2P seems like most of the players have tf2 syndrome(team work? wth is that HHAA).
,Recommended,299360,15629920,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,☠Zombies Need Love Too☠,love this game sold.just dont be selling out an be selling more skins. let us earn them :)
,Recommended,299360,15562956,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Begrimed,"Game is great and has tons of potential.  Think Minecraft meets Team Fortress 2.  Unfortunately, there is a lack of community, and I find myself waiting in the queue for 30+ minutes (if I'm lucky) just to find a match.  I think this may change once the final product is release on 4/30/15, and more people gain knowledge of it.  But for now, it's a toll on one's patience...   Definitely worth a look if you find it on a Steam sale."
76561198059522815,Recommended,299360,15613220,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sneaky_Peat,10/10 lots of fun
76561198167668613,Recommended,299360,15337816,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nightshade,This is the best battle builder out there
76561198051876714,Recommended,299360,16338425,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Roytchu,"Fun game, especially with friends :D"
,Recommended,299360,18312906,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Olly CS.MONEY,i want my money back why have u made iit free to play now i want my money back
,Recommended,299360,17857605,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CX,A perfect combination of the autism from minecraft and the autism from tf2. Highly reccomend for all autists.
,Not Recommended,299360,18409706,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,no longer homo,"WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WHERE THE DEVELOPERS THINKING MAKING IT FREE TO PLAY, I payed £10 for this game and then they make it free to play with some dumb pay to win♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, since i bought this game in early access i expect that they will at least let me get the stuff you have to pay for free of charge, BUT guess what, they didnt. This game went from having the potentual to be something great to be ruined by pay to win crap.In all do respects great game, but i think its dodgey buissness to pull off what the developers did here, which is why i dont recommend it."
,Recommended,299360,17218467,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,8shit,"It's pretty good. I like the core of the gameplay, the game itself. The fact that you have a building phase to build up defenses, the fact that there are a lot of blocks to play with. All of it. I enjoy it. However, I live in Asia, and since the region of Asia in BnL has been removed, I am now playing in north america. My standard fps is 2 and my ping is always at least 300. I really love this game, but I can't enjoy it to the fullest due to the lag. I hope JAGEX does something about this."
,Recommended,299360,17307919,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Namira,"I do highly recommend this game.It's a lot of fun and deserves more recognition.It'd be nice to see a lot more people playing rather than the same few that you always meet in games. (Hello you moist people!)However, I would absolutely love to see a 'vote to kick' to be put into place.I've lost count how many games I have had to quit because team-mate(s) decides to sabotage our own base."
,Recommended,299360,18297354,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Paul,buys for 15 bucksgoes free to play♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198082991434,Recommended,299360,29996669,Posted: 17 February,all,ChainsawVsGun,"i have played this game for a yearand a half, and im still not bored of it.(232 hours)"
76561198041566250,Recommended,299360,18293850,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,^ω^ Marco >_<,WAIT WTF NOT THAT ITS A BAD GAME ITS GOOD BUT I PAID FOR THIS!!!! WTF NOW ITS FREE WHAAAAT
,Recommended,299360,18445881,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Simon,"Gets boring after a few hours, but it is f2p so you might aswell give it a try"
76561198090754010,Recommended,299360,14513926,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hannay39,"Note: Beta key user from website, then bought full game.To get your free beta key visit: [https://www.blocknload.com/signup/]This game is NOT a pay to win (so far) the only thing paying money gets you is skins. There is a forum on steam by the VP / Studio Head going over some of these concerns: [http://steamcommunity.com/app/299360/discussions/0/626329820802521208/]Buying the full game after owning the beta key will presents you with some orange warning text when purchasing, ignore this, this is because the version of the game you recieve from paying is the same as the beta key version:[https://steamcommunity.com/app/299360/discussions/0/626329820654746292/?l=finnish]   (scroll down a bit)Overall i highly recomend this game, it is similiar to the combat and overall design and feel of TF2 with its class based multiplayer and team play aspects. i have seen many people complain about greifers and trolls but i have yet to encounter anyone ingame who has purpousley gone out of their way to achieve this. Really love this game as it combines aspects of minecraft, TF2 and isnt just a 'brute force' game where you can just rush the enemy team; class balancing is generally good but it really depends upon team composition and experience with that class.And for the low low price of £15 you get the full game on release, a skin pack and woah....A FREE ACE OF SPADES BATTLE BUILDER....*just ♥♥♥♥emed*TL;DR Great game, shows promise, not p2w, unnecessary Jagex hate, overall 8/10 with potential."
,Recommended,299360,13418453,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,FuzzRightYear,"For £10 it's a very top game for it's money, but because it costs £22... well you know too exspensive.Pro's-Awesome concept and idea and works very well in practise-Looks very beatiful-Block physics are very very cool-Classes are pretty original by now but there abilites go well witht he classes and are cool ideas and look good-GUI is actually really decent-Soundtrack is also very good-Effects are very artistic and look nice in there cartoon fashionCons-Plays slow and badly paced most of the time-Movement is really horrible, as said on another review it's like sticky custard. You can jump and feel the momentum but one block will stop that moment making the game feel sluggish and damn bad. (MAJOR FLAW FOR ME)-Some unbalanced classes (Nail shotgun uselessly weak vs mostly all other hero weapons)-Map does not get destroyed as much as i'd like.Good/ish things-Maps are bland looking but that works well for building on.-Art style feel everso slightly all over the palce.(Super cool looking cartoony effects, with a blocky works, and with decently high detailed characters feels like an odd mix of content)I recomend for £10-£15 not any higher i'm sorry even with all the pro's it just feels slow and slugish."
,Recommended,299360,13961979,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Badger,"This game is fun and enjoyable to play. It is an original idea but uses to very common themes for video games, first person shhoter and building, I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198134188117,Recommended,299360,15430666,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,swervydervy,"If you're thinking about buying the pre-release, I highly recommend it. Not only do you get the game but some AMAZING skins and ace of spades. Jagex may have made some mistakes in the past but they're really bringing it back with BnL. This game gets tweaked  and updated so often and they are always adding new things, like how  recently they added 3 new characters. Also, there are loads of things to come such as new maps, characters, and even gamemodes!What I like about BnL is that you can play really casually or you can go hardcore if you want. Also, it's not violent compared to other FPS' and has a lot of variety. Like their motto says, no game is the same, and this  is completely true. BnL is a like a mix of TF2  and minecraft. What more could you  want  from a game?"
,Recommended,299360,15992048,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bartee Hellcase.com,great game
76561198125995043,Recommended,299360,16436928,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Maxster1997,I recommend and aprehend
,Recommended,299360,14146930,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ninja0Potato,"THIS GAME IS NOT ACE OF SPADES!People have been  mad at jagex for the things they have done in the past, such as ace of spades, but Block n Load isnt that. Unlike ace of spades, which felt like a crash grab, this game feels like they put their hearts into it, its oozing with character, everything is so colourful and bright. Each class has their own purpose with diffrent blocks and abilities and stats, the classes are also brilliantly desighned, theres ninjas, robots, rambos, crazy scientists, and a sterotype italian. They all have skins which are quite wacky and make you stand out. They are all wellbalanced (maybe the ninja is a bit strong.)The game play is like a mix of Awesomenauts(A MOBA) and Minecraft,(First person builder) The objective is to destroy the enemies core, and defend yours, you have to build defenses, plant traps and modify the terrrarain so you get full advantage of it, you have to communicate though with whose defending and attacking or it will be a short round.Only problems ive had with this game is the friendly fire and the trolls, if you have a jerk team mate he can plant tnt onto your core and ruin everyonelses day, if you dont defuse it in time, Theres no punishment for being afk aswell, and its hard finding an oceanic server, luckily N American servers work fine."
,Recommended,299360,15910519,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☭Joseph 'Papa' Stalin☭,"Very nice game.Has funny character dialogue and has the classes (mostly) doing what their specific role is.i.e. Constructers building turrets, Ammo/Med crates, and defending the cube.8.5/10"
76561198281648322,Recommended,299360,29930275,Posted: 14 February,all,|KSS|Lord,very fun game!
,Recommended,299360,13735222,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Astralic,Its not Ace of Spades 2.0 (Which is a good thing). High learning curve to be good. Developers actually care about this game and listen to the community unlike most.
76561198021865346,Not Recommended,299360,19177206,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,L4Dtrooper,DONT PLAY THIS GAME!!WHY ? ? ?- FREE TO PLAY- A LOT OF NOOBS- RUSIANS  (mostly noobs or griefers)- 6 TO 12 JEARS OLD KIDS!- GRIEFING- TEAM ABUSE- TEAM KILL'S- NO TEAM WORK- BAD PLAYThe game was a lot better back in the day's lots of fun and good teams.Now the game is free to play and all the noobs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dum dum player'sare playing tis game.And rage is the only ting you get!They did try to make it funy to put perk cart's in it but thant will not help you!if your team is noob!You hafe a lucky time WINING a game and get gold and clan XPthe clan xp wil set your rank and you will win more gold and you battle player of the same skills!EM NOPE! YOU STILL GET TO PLAY WITH THE SAME LOW RANK/SKILL NOOBSYOU WILL GET MORE GOLD BUT ONLY FOR YOUR CHALENCES WTF!!!So tis game is TOTALLY ♥♥♥♥ET IN A BAD WAY!DONT PAY I SAY!!  SO DONT PLAY WHEN ITS FOR FREE!!!
76561198131135797,Not Recommended,299360,18287494,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vanilla~,стоила 355 рублей наиграла 15 часов теперь она бесплатна ._. я даже деньги вернуть не могу
,Recommended,299360,13398570,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Havora,its like team fortress 5 but with gunsgeddit
76561198010713020,Not Recommended,299360,18022880,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mr.StealYoGurl,"This is an excelent lesson i why you should never pre oder games in Beta. I was playing in beta, the first day it launched in fact, and it was great. Lot of destruction, lots of building, but then the devlopers started tweaking things and nerfing playieers, one by one. I guess knowing how things were makes it diffulct to enjoy it at all. Had i seen things in its preasnt staage I would not haave purchaced the game. And I think by pre-ordering it I think i paid the same, if not more than it is now."
,Recommended,299360,13490597,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Z3,"I voted Yes, but I could easily vote, No, for this game too becauseNegitive- the game will have a Leage of legends feel to it, for example if you are new and there is 4 very experinced player, they will probly hate you and they will report report report, if you do the slightest thing wrong and just makes hte game unfun.- Trolls/grifers spammers the useal- No kick system for AFKer's, doesn't replace a player with another player, if player is dissconnected etc etc...- only 5v5 not any higher- Sholud have a better kick system- Team mates take damage from other team mates, leads to trolls etc etc..Positive- Very fun building and destroying blocks- Great leveling system overall- Great idea for player skins for each charatar- Would be fun to play with friends- Solo is fun too, also depends on the people- Has a competitive mode which will be fun- The class's for each charater you pick is very fun, you can be a, tank which is a heavy, healer which can also shoot posion, and 2 other DPS's which they all have the qunaue abilitysOther things- If you are comming from the game Ace Of Spades, its kinda the same, but with higher graphics and diffrent game mode. the game mode is like the orgial Ace Of Spades.This review can be outdated over time depending on patches etc etc."
76561198004076605,Not Recommended,299360,18280665,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ninjabullets,"I purchased this with my actual money. Now that it's free, I feel cheated. Can't refund."
76561198050083001,Recommended,299360,15645438,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Etched,"A great mix between voxel-based gameplay, FPS and strategy.The gameplay is extremely diverse due to the ability to place and destroy blocks, and each of the classes are very nicely balanced. Definitely worth buying, I am having a lot of fun playing."
76561198060558757,Recommended,299360,21349611,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Dinkster,Good game but I paid $20 and now it's freeand this is the second game that has done this
,Recommended,299360,13742768,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DRAGON LORD BILLJET,"I like it.Gameplay is very well balanced despite what some others seem to think. Everything is counterable, and everything is doable.Games are always different if you make them so. Don't go in doing the exact same thing every game and expect the game to be radically different for you.The game has great potential for compettive play, but the pricetag may hold some people back."
76561197989684508,Recommended,299360,15018112,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Domino,Yes this game is really fun! Each match you play is different. also the characters are pretty funny and have some nice elements to change the gameplay.
,Recommended,299360,16747808,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,"This game has a ton of content. Nine characters, somewhere in the range of 15-20 maps, and each character also has a selection of different building blocks/traps/explosives/etc. they can pick from. Each match feels different due to the variety of approaches you can take such as tunneling underneath, planting a respawn pad behind your enemies base and having your entire team flank them, or just blowing everything up with a rocket launcher. The only downside is the small community, which makes it hard to learn or find tutorials on advanced techniques such as the best cutting locations for each map (where you cut the bottom blocks of a large structure to make it fall down and earn bonus blocks for your team)."
76561198134063880,Recommended,299360,16431190,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Treacherous_Turtle csgolive.com,i really like it it is a vey fun game but one thing i dont like is that unless you have friends with this game you really have no one to play with and no one who will stay in a game and actually play a game with you
76561198124315872,Recommended,299360,18310833,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,r2d28myfood,I dont like the fact that this game is  now free to play.But I still recommend this game.IT IS SO FUN its a nice game and a good change from most shooters.
,Recommended,299360,18416316,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,gadJETT,Awesome game! Definitely recommended to check out!
,Recommended,299360,15699674,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Grimby,"Just absolutely a ton of fun. Strategy and teamwork is a must, but there's still plenty of running and gunning fun to be had.Place spawners in the opposing teams base and pwn noobs.Use bombs to create a massive trench so your ""cube"" is impenetrable to the enemy.The game is beautiful, the style is appealing. The characters are hilarious and charming.Buy it."
,Recommended,299360,18284367,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Larry the Cable Guy,"I was a beta tester for Block N Load, so I've been playing it since the very beggining, and to be honest, there was nothing wrong with the pay-to-play version. It feels like Jagex realy took down the game's quality in an attempt to make this game more widely available. I mean, we used to have all heros and the only problem I can think of is a semi-long que time, not to mention the fact that most people had to pay $30 for this, and are only compensated with a $10 premium package. But with the addition of having to buy heros, perks, and other things, it seems that this once great game is going to freemium purgitory. However, the game is very innovative and fun, especialy if you're a fan of minecraft or TF2. overall, I would give this game a 7.8/10 for the new updates. Please Jagex, if your reading this, make some sort of change for everyone who is very dissapointed, who bought the game and are now disgraced by the fact that they have to share a que with unskilled free-to-play players who only make the game that much more frustrating. I would recomend something like a server for premium members, or even better, a remake of the origional."
76561198068451590,Recommended,299360,17549226,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,DahliZz,Alot of fun! Worth buying.
,Recommended,299360,18047036,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Noxious Ghoul,"Basically if TF2 and Ace of Spades had a baby, this would be that baby."
,Recommended,299360,14090378,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Papa Bless,"while this game is still in beta (as of this review) it is extremely fun and the consept is very cool and unique ish, and for the small amount of content it has so far it is extremely fun. one thing i think it would benifit from is new wepons that are still balanced."
,Recommended,299360,13831386,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,⎛⎝LUFFY⎠⎞,"If you Play Team Fortress Mod on Building Defend and Loving it, this is a Greater Version of it.Love it and its fun ~*"
,Recommended,299360,13483306,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Marvin,"Amazing game, would recomment it to anyone!"
76561198045943007,Recommended,299360,14041434,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,| § | Ferret,"Looking for a game where everyones still learning how to play? Get BlocknLoad. My friend tried to introduce me to CS:GO and while i'm alright at it, i've got a severe handicap in the fact that other people have been playing it for ages. This game is more casual and everyone is still learning.If you want a shooter game with a strategic element, give the love child of Minecraft and TF2 a try with BlocknLoad.9/10 great fun, will play more. (Also it's in beta right now so you can try before you buy!)"
76561198108812976,Recommended,299360,14502446,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Shrekt,Nice game. But there are a few issues- When you jump and move at the same time it boosts your jump really far and off the cliff and die. :(- Where is the exit button on servers? -_- Seriously!? No exit button!?- You kinda lose alot of health in this game. Why?- The characters are kinda slow except for O.P Juan Shinobi.- You go even slower when you go foward sideways.Overall the game is fun with nice inspiration from TF2. :)
01100100011000010,Recommended,299360,13527454,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Len Kagamine,"This isn't like a regular shooter,this game doesn't lie when it says it it like no other.I'm not a man of good review wording,but if you like TF2 and Minecraft,you will most likely love this game"
76561197993790681,Recommended,299360,19833294,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DUKE NUKEM,"a fun combination of minecraft and an fps MOBA, the controls are kinda floaty and its very difficultt o master, mostly cuz there are alot of unbalanced elements to it that jagex has yet to get around to BUT its still raw pleausre and as youc an see from my hours played you will be constantly coming back for morethe ninja is really OP though, dont let them tell you otherwise"
76561198170037739,Recommended,299360,16638267,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TheBoe,this game is a blast but even more fun with friends
,Not Recommended,299360,17061460,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mapexc24,NO NO NO NO YOU HAVE RUINED THIS GAME TURNED IT INTO FREE TO PLAY!!! ALL OF US WHO BOUGHT THE GAME GET NOTHING AND WE CANT EVEN HAVE ANY MORE THAN ONE FRIEND IN OUR LOBBY WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING DEVS!?!?!?1 RUINED AN AMAZING CONCEPT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198091805872,Recommended,299360,15846154,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Chin boi is upset,"i am bad at first person shooters, but i am not bad at this for some reason. ace of spades but good."
76561198187894099,Recommended,299360,16410909,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,.BurningLiquid.-Ev1Lo,Awasome game!:D
,Recommended,299360,20910757,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Echo ★,This game awesome!! I play this game some hours a day!!! I recommend this game to everybody :D!!!
76561198034282133,Recommended,299360,15785761,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Lancelot,"This game was fantastic in beta and even more fantastic now. Its a great game to play with your friends. If you want to have fun and just mess around and build i dont recommend this game for you but if you want to get competitive and work as a team to win this is a perfect game to you. Some people think of Minecraft the first time they see it, why you wonder? Probably beacuse you use blocks and you build with them. Minecraft and Block n Load are like two different worlds. Minecraft go creative do whatever you want. In Block n Load you can be very creative but in a different way. Maybe in minecraft you build a really nice castle you and your pigs can live in while in Block n Load you build a strategic base with maybe cool traps and defences. Before you buy Block n Load you probably wanna find somone to play with. It can get a bit repetitive at some times but there are many different maps and actully alot of events with maps and new playable characters in a limited time. Dont judge from if i do a thums down or thumbs up. I recommend the game to people who like strategic, ""creative"" and wants a game to play with your friends :)."
,Recommended,299360,13875149,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SMGs Only™,"Well, as for just this game i think its fine, optimisation is good and its fun especailly with a friend (sarge + medic) though the voicer actings terrible. i just dont like how they abandoned ace of spades, i playded aos when it was free and brought both paid versions ($25 combined) but they stopped updating around a year ago and im guessing because of this game.loading times are terrible, fix it. I cant complain because i got it for free though i will have to pay when its out of beta."
76561198060811549,Recommended,299360,20012714,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Halfman,Fun one
76561198073669579,Recommended,299360,18294006,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,finn192,"I spent money to get the game before it was free. I got the five pack some my friends and i could play it together. I should atleast get premium or something, because i find this extremely unfair. However it is a great game and i do recommend it!"
,Recommended,299360,15085570,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,hellcase.com Nitori,"would be fun if i could actually play it, the servers are really laggy for me and my internet is fine, this is the only game i have a connection issue with"
76561198098103234,Recommended,299360,19882672,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[VG] Battlefront Cat,I WANT MY MONEY BACK
76561197995154961,Recommended,299360,15868205,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Stierheld,great
,Recommended,299360,16235190,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,✪  ELPS | Apollo ^_^ ✪(Notradin),wonderful game no regrets on pre-ordering
,Recommended,299360,16510079,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,10ton,"Unique game,though there a constant updates so I spend more time updating rather than playing. :/"
,Recommended,299360,18328957,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ItsCricket,GOD DAMMIT DO I BUY IT AND NOW ITS FREE TO PLAY FFS
76561198101494755,Recommended,299360,19210635,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ThePussWhisperer,bought the game when it was 20 dollarsplayed and liked it alottook a break from gamecome back to see its free to play nowcountinue to play very angrily
,Recommended,299360,18482186,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,PinkPyro™,i purchased this before it went free go me!! still great game though 8/10
76561198085785443,Recommended,299360,18631010,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PeanutGangster,game in beta was meh but the game now is greatP.S. play as the scooty booty woman
,Recommended,299360,18325984,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,taka jazda ze moglem poleciec na,diz gaem is gut r8 8/8
76561198135706204,Recommended,299360,18054519,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Spiral,Get  it
76561198145286262,Recommended,299360,19830747,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bcinc,Great game like Minecraft whth guns
76561198116407391,Recommended,299360,22431131,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,[P]lan-B™,This game made my IQ drop for 80%
76561198061568410,Recommended,299360,18378368,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wreckinbull,Super fun game. So many heros to play and master. Awesome game to play with your friends. Many fun maps. Amazing community. Best game!! A+
,Recommended,299360,15679332,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Stupid Child Simulator.,"Community is terrible. Gameplay and mechanics are good fun.It's essentially the Jagex version of Ace of Spades done much better, fixing the many, many issues there were in that game."
,Not Recommended,299360,21248007,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,What the hell happened to this game???
,Recommended,299360,17386080,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,bhop bob,">massive greentext inbound>met friendly salthead>friend took oppurtunity to rustle some jimmies with him>he complains more about his teammates and opposition because he can't shut up and play the game I guess; seems to be a common thing from people who are bad at the game so they just complain, but I digress>tbh I didn't even see him until like the very end of the game; saw his teammates though.>I join in and tell him to shut up and stuff>he says I'm a ""cringey league kid"">take other opportunity to rustle more jimmies by replying to his bad insult>""I haven't played LoL once"" <---- actually true>he replies ""kids with their stupid catchphrases"">I assume he thought LoL was lol even though he seems to know the existence of LoL>he is genuine retard>we won match; it was not close at all>he threatens us with reports 'cause that's how you end a chatbox argument if you're losing I guess>checks profile>he is brony>me and friend send him friend requests; both declined, friend sends second one and gets blockedI love this game's community.friend that is mentioned:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Dave2075I know the salthead's profile but I won't reveal it since that would be considered by many to be a ""bad boy move""."
76561198123346428,Recommended,299360,29451965,Posted: 23 January,all,Zarembo,"Great game! I usually post pro/con lists in my reviews but I honestly couldn't find a worthy con to write about...so here's just the good stuff:- Fast paced, action packed!- Some building: enough to customize any situation, yet not enough to make it a building game with slow periods of time.- Lots of characters to choose from with their own skill sets to suit your play style.- You can enjoy the game without spending a dime! You can pay for extras, but it's not pay to win.- Lots of maps to play on, but you can create your own too.- Runs very well on most computers and operating systems.In short, I recommend trying it!"
76561198144937296,Not Recommended,299360,20613444,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,andylodge2014,I payed for this and now its free that kinda <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 me off and apparently the servers are worse because of it. gameplay is kinda not completely controlable. The aim is not as steady as other games. It is fun to play but not a serious game and again why is it now free?
76561198131996846,Recommended,299360,18283562,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,UncoolRose,you've got to be kidding me -_- i bought this game and now it's free?!?! WHY!??!?!?!?!
,Recommended,299360,16774082,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MetalCloud,"WARNING!: Steer clear of this game if you live in Australia. There are almost no players currently playing this game and I write this review as I wait in a queue. Do not get me wrong, at the time this review was written, I have accumulated over 26 hours and I thoroughly enjoy the game but the queues are just too damn ridiculous.Just be cautious of this when purchasing the game...EDIT: Game is now FTP. This could fix the lack of games and it's free now so there is no risk trying. Check out the game because it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,299360,18260874,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Reptar Gambino,love this game wish more people played it
,Recommended,299360,16574196,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ImUhhCaptainXIV,Overwatch but it's minecraft.
76561198078506178,Recommended,299360,15770881,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Uspaschikas,"83 hours played in last week. I do recommend this game to all the people who are thinking if to buy it or not.The best is to play with friends or people from forums, who are up to speak on teamspeak or other talking program for the best results !This game requires teamwork and each 6 characters (1 will come out soon, 2 in the future) should communicate with each other and support with its tool, special abilities and other ways, so you should choose 5 people team carefully ! For each map you should choose different tactics if to dig under and blow up the base - or try to infiltrate and create spawning points at the back of the enemy base and rush the cube !Really nice gameplay, easy to play, requires the strategy and coordination together with other team mates. I give 9/10"
76561197995547871,Recommended,299360,15730101,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Deimos,"Hi all,I really like this game, I played a little on free weekend and then bought it. I have about 20 hours at this time and it's great fun. I love how i'm always learning new things with almost every game, there are so many ways to do things that you can always find a way to turn the tide of battle (well, not always but if you play smart you will be rewarded!)I've been in several games where we were about to lose and someone made a brilliant move and we ended up winning by pushing forward as soon as we got the momentum. I've also been on the losing end of those moves haha. We are about to win and all of a sudden we are scrambling because we messed up something or other team made a couple good plays.I highly recommend this game and at under 20 bucks, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,299360,15769722,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,_lukieryan247_™,its fun
,Not Recommended,299360,18357660,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Misty|DayZ,i bought this game is there eny way of geting a refund? iam anoyed a cople of days later it free
,Recommended,299360,13437840,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SimTabouretski,One of my best game this year! Hope to see a lot of people when the game is released.
,Recommended,299360,13570454,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,"imSpeeDy "" xz",i really liked this game if the add new level skins it will be awesome thum up :)
76561198128987093,Recommended,299360,14016132,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,[125th30th] LivingMeme,Bottom Line: Really Fun:)
76561198122409848,Recommended,299360,16551511,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gazzakauff,Can u add a system where it takes u to ur selected mode.So other ppl join quicker and that. Becuase im just playing alone and its just takes 100 years till u get in a full server.Can u tell me which is the best place where all the ppl go cause i have'nt played a game with a full server.If u do it ill appreciate.  thx<3but still like it
,Recommended,299360,16660142,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,IssGonRain,"Minecraft meets a really good pvp system. Takes a bit of learning of the classes and strategy but the game feels really solid once you understand what's happening. This game has a bunch of potential, and is definitely worth the current $17 it is now. The creators also seem into improving it and keeping an open mind."
,Recommended,299360,15026511,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,"[F1] Gay Cat ^,^","Well constructed, adictive and absolutely FUN FUN FUN OMG YES YES YES FUNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is truley TF2 meets Minecraft and it works like a dream!!!If you like deathmatch style FPS, a bit of strategy and don't mind a tad bit of creativity to go with it, then this game is most likely for YOU!!!Get it, play it, love it!!!!!!!!! You won't stop playing for hours!!!!A+++++++++++"
,Not Recommended,299360,18647034,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sneez,"i payed £20 for cosmetics!!!???? Never again. Ive lost trust in you. Enjoy the money you make from microtransactions...Hope it was worth having 1/3 reviews being negative. serves you right.""Well done. Here come the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: A horrible person. We weren't even testing for that."""
76561198090837993,Recommended,299360,13679409,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,XXXJOHNNIE,Great game so far.
,Recommended,299360,14324635,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Säkkikansalainen Jollottaja,Awesome game. Can't wait for it to be finished though!
,Recommended,299360,13535766,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kruzil,"There are only 3 things I wish this game had:+ BETTER frame-rate+ MORE block types+ PROPER gamepad supportOtherwise, I'm loving this game."
76561198068521065,Recommended,299360,14007148,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,lilzop,"This game is a very fun, challenging and entertaining game. I think one of the most important things to remember about this game is that it is in beta, sure there are glitches and problems, but thats why you are playing a game in beta, thats why it isnt released. All these people giving it negitive reviews, complaining about queue times, you have to remember that the game isnt released, its not the devs fault if there arent a lot of people playing. At the end of the day, i really enjoy this game, its true every game is different. It totally reshapes your thought process, it is something that we havent seen executed well, and i think it has a lot of potential. If you are having doubts, try it while it is in beta. you will be pleasently surprised."
76561198054014715,Recommended,299360,14319674,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TheFAT Penguin,"block n load, a game that IF you played the original which was ace of spades you would probably have 2 opinions of this game :opinion A: your extremely glad to see that the idea of a sand box first person shooter isnt dead and you really want to buy this game :opinion B: your not sure wether or not you should buy this game after the train wreck which was ace of spades. now first of all i want to say this game does a sand box first person shooter REALLY well, to a point where i would call this the first sandbox shooter game in history (that i know of), it has 6 characters to choose from and they are all amazing in their own way's, and speaking of ways this game did things right i personally love the art style of this game, now at first this game seems like it takes alot of its art style from tf2 and i see where that comes from, but in my eyes it reminds me of toy story in the way it looks and feels which is a HUGE throw back that i welcome with open arms, the only problem this game has is that its abit TO team based, so if some A hole disconnects or if there is some guy running round not helping his team then I JUST LOST THE MATCH!, but aside from that the game is flawless in every way compared to the original ace of spades, im soo glad to see that what ace of spades was trying to accomplish didnt die in vain and now block n load is here to make what ace of spades failed to do into a dream come true."
,Recommended,299360,14218703,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[LFG] ajphandalf,"This game is LOTS of fun!!! I like that I can play with friends, and therefore definitely reccomend it to all my friends. It's quite fun as to what you can do to the environment, such as destroying it completely, and also quite stratigic as well. =)"
,Recommended,299360,13579702,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HaM | Turnn,"Block N Load is an amazing game, its great to play with friends and ive already pre-ordered it and I cant wait for the full game to come out"
,Recommended,299360,15794593,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,AmazingAdam,Ace of Spades + Tf2 = Block N Load
76561198058427927,Recommended,299360,15684613,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,sekcbaba,"Saw this trending on steam over weekend and tried it out, had tons of fun and bought it after free play period ended.While its only one game mode (several maps) the amount of things you can try on defense and offense has kept the game from getting stale for me so far.Classes all feel pretty good, engineer specifically feels like a defense only class due to short range of shotgun and repair secondary but i guess thats to be expected somewhat.Pretty high time to kill which is a nice change of pace compared to most modern shooters.  Shooting and movement interaction is somewhat unique, you can move across map and up ledges very rapidly though you move very slowly while actively shooting, seems to simultaneously make positioning very important for the shooter while allowing enough fast movement for others to close into better range quickly, and also allowing for rapid escapes.  Its somewhat unique but i think the system works well here.Even if not a shooter player at all, the building portion of game is just as important, and you could just focus on mining / setting traps and not fire a gun all match and still be pretty helpful to your team."
,Recommended,299360,19116968,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Araytha [MAKING PROFILE DESIGNS],"This game is very fun and addicting, The building and fighting is always funSo here is some of the  pros/cons with this gamePros- It has special abilitys for each character you play as (Which is fun)- Graphics are pretty decent- Gameplay is fun- Score system is always great to have, also leveling system- Devs know how to keep the game funCons- Cheaters with speed hack suck"
,Recommended,299360,18017866,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GooGlem02,10/5
76561198113750998,Recommended,299360,21860866,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,peaner,Good game. But tarablely unbalenced classes.
,Recommended,299360,16127911,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PolyTicks,"This game is awesome, it came just as I started getting bored about games being all the same. This brings new creativity to gaming that I really enjoy."
76561198132963766,Recommended,299360,16143313,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jordandundas,"only played this game not long but i know i will be putting plenty of hours into this game to how fun and mad it is,i highly recommend, good for the cost aswell"
,Not Recommended,299360,29450449,Posted: 23 January,all,TheAmazingEel,"This game is absolute garbage. Just yet another game that when i downloaded it, it was an early access game that you had to pay for and now has nothing but microtransactions. It was fine until it became f2p then a swarm of 2 year olds came to the game and sucked at the game and didn't attempt to give any effort into playing somewhat well. Nobody plays it anymore and anyone who does has either A: bought every character and skin with irl money and just destroys everyone because of the pay to win nature of this game or B: found this game beneath the $20 visual novels, rpgs, and early access ""survival"" games and will soon want to throw their pc out of the window..."
,Recommended,299360,15631233,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Bac0n,This game is just absolutely amazing. There is no reason to go into any more detail. Just buy this wonderful game. I will complete you. <3
,Recommended,299360,29414468,Posted: 21 January,all,Greenie,"I would rate this a 4/5. It is an extremely well done game with thrills around every corner, however the base and cube mechanics leave much to be desired. On a map with multiple cubes, after the enemy destroys the first one it should not be a mad dash to the second one/the base to destroy it before you have a chance to respawn and defend it. A few ideas that could help are as follows:1. The forcefield around the second cube/base will disappear after a time instead of immediately after the first cube is destroyed2. Wall type barrier (Like the one at the beginning of the round) that will fall after a timeThose ideas would make the game much more enjoyable for many people that I know have the same frustration I do.Overall, Block N' Load is an amazing game, but needs some nerfing/buffing when it comes to the bases and cubes.Okay, more ranting and raving from me, thinking anyone is gonna care. I'm going to get right into business now. Yuri. Yuri sucks. Yuri needs to go back to Russia and die from frostbite. Then no one will ever care about his worthless body, and it will juts get packed under layers of snow until it inevitably rots into the waste it is. There... now that that's off my chest, lets talk about why. Yuri's snowballs. They can one hit Nigel (100 health) if he hits a headshot, while Nigel can only 4 shot Yuri with headshots. Let me remind you, Yuri has snowballs, Nigel has bullets. Are snowballs suddenly more effective than bullets? Let's take an in depth look. Bullets are launched using black powder, or gunpowder which can release them at an average of 2,500 FPS (feet per second) or 1,700 mph (2,735 kph) from the barrel of the gun. Snowballs are... well if you don't know how snowballs work, go throw one. So, what Block N Load is saying is that, instead of using guns and bullets in war... we should instead throw snowballs at the enemy? Of course, what have we been missing?! Snowballs are obviously the way to go, and simply put, are better than guns. Alright, let's get the SEAL team loaded up with their new snowballs, that'll scare ISIS. Whatever, I just wanna say that snowballs are nowhere close to the power of a bullet, and it should be represented accurately in the game."
,Recommended,299360,13966956,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bradsterion,THIS GAME IS AMAZING  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT HAVING BEEN AT THE OFFICIAL FIRST PUBLIC SHOWING AND GAMING OF IT AT I53 I INSTANTLY APPLIED FOR BETA AND HAVE THOUROUGLY ENJOYED PLAYING IT  GET IT IS DEFINETELY WORTH IT
,Recommended,299360,13419659,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Am I Penta,"I really do like this game, however unless you have a full squad with your friends or something you are pretty much garuanteed to have 12 year olds on your team that have no clue what they are doing. If you are a competitive person like myself, you will have a hard time enjoying this game. Also there are many people that just spam the chat since there are no restrictions. Once again if you are competitive like me - I hate to lose lol - then you might have a hard time enjoying this. I do really like the game, and think that when it grows and gets more people above the age of 12 then I will enjoy it more, however at the moment it is either AFK's, people that have no idea that there is even another team, and spammers. I recommend it because I see the potential that it has and can't wait for a little bit better community."
,Recommended,299360,15821105,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mikey Stepp,"this game is the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥if you've played league or any moba you know how important wards arethis game is literally CoD/tf2 + Minecraft + league of legendsdig tunnels place wards and spawn points, wards show you enemy wards and enemies, in an fps this is super importantonce you put your spawn point in the enemy base watch your whole team spawn and start knifing the enemy heart its ♥♥♥♥ing hilariousi thought this looked just like a dumb guncraft or just a straight fps with minecraft feels but no this is a strategy game"
,Not Recommended,299360,17220985,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fishinbarrel,"Was good while it lasted but the game is dead and matchmaking is too one sided for new players to even enjoy it, especially when cheap tactics are rampant in all queues.I'd strongly reccommend waiting for the F2P update.Update: It's worse now, the game is completely focused on spamming and suiciding for cube damage.The developers don't understand balance and its the reason why the game is slowly dying off for the third time, at least I think it is I lost count. But its at least worth a try since its free now.Update: You should be paid to play this mess."
,Recommended,299360,13818145,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Phischermen,"As far as block based shooters go, Block N Load is the best in my opinion.Me and my friends are having a great time with this game. We experiment with new tactics and defenses. We co-operate and talk with each other more often than in any other game. Each victory we get together as a team, makes us more invested than before.I can understand why other people might not like this game. The gunplay is competent, but it is difficult to switch between weapons quickly. Charecters have a small amount of lines they spew out all the time, but at least they say somewhat humorous stuff.My only real complaint is that keybinding isn't compatible with all keys on the keyboard. For instance, I can't bind crouch to shift.All in all, I think Block N Load is a fun shooter, and is worthy of your time and money.Don't forget...Building is awesome."
76561198066475492,Recommended,299360,15828466,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Frozenstep,"I'll start by saying the mechanics are very good. The digging and building both work very well, and the shooting is fun. I don't think the shooting is anything revolutionary, but it's not bad by any means. The classes feel relatively balanced.Adding minecraft mechanics to a shooter doesn't actually add too much. It's an interesting concept, but there really isn't much it adds in terms of strategy (and it adds very little to shooting). There needs to be so much more done to really be tactical and deep.This game does all those things needed. While the game may only look like a shooter with minecraft mechanics, it uses those mechanics and many others to create a game all about tactics, resource management, and most of all deception.That's a very nice summary, but explaining why the game is about those things can't be done in a paragraph. The objective in this game is to defend your team's cube while destroying the enemy cube. There are so many strategies that both sides can use.Maybe you'll charge in and try to hit their cube with your shovel, maybe they'll have mines waiting for you. Maybe they'll dig under your base and try to disarm your traps, maybe you'll see them on your radar (which you have to set up, and can be destroyed) and dig down to them and throw some grenades in their tunnel. Maybe you'll try and sneak behind their enemy lines and set up a spawner so you can attack from a better angle, maybe they'll use radar to find and destroy it. Maybe they'll put down radars on your base to try and find your radars, and destroy yours, or you'll see them and stop them. Maybe you'll have a teammate set up some mortars and try to get close to call in a mortar strike on their defenses, maybe they'll send in a teammate to find and destroy the mortars. Maybe you'll build a bridge in the sky above their defenses, put a bomb down, and then destroy the block under it so it falls, maybe they'll dig out whatever's supporting your skybridge before that happens (blocks can't just float like in minecraft, they'll basically ragdoll if they're not attached to the ground at least through some other blocks touching it). Maybe they'll dig under your base and place bombs to completely devastate your defenses, maybe you'll disarm them, or maybe you'll turn the huge pits around your cubes into an even more effective defensive structure.There are so many ways to attack and defend in this game, and they give you so many tools to be creative."
76561198019946988,Recommended,299360,15659927,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,IamThatGuy,"If you like fps and minecraft style, this game is made for you.+few classes+cheap+fps with construction- not a lot of blocks for the construction"
76561198031785617,Recommended,299360,15660687,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Paco,"I have played this game throughout its time in Beta, and therefore have formed a few rudimentary opinions. TL/DR: Buy it if you're a casual gamer, but if you hate the thought of losing through things which aren't necessarily your fault, this isn't for you.Firstly, there are many positive attributes to this game. These are: a good blend between building and combat, with what ultimately feels like two substantial halves, some good map diversity, and an enjoyable experience that can either end in 5 minutes of mayhem, or 30 minute long sieges with ridiculous defense lines. Both of these present their own challenges, and ultimately enjoyable experiences.However, the game falls down in both its players and design elements. Firstly, I have found the community to be less than helpful, with toxic players often weighing down games. Beyond this, a lack of rating results in you often being saddled with players far below the average level. Characters suffer from being unbalanced, and the game itself has issues with queue times and a limited pool of players.I think this game has potential to evolve into something great, and would personally say buy it, but given Jagex's record, dont expect them to listen to community advice anytime soon. Either way, if you're willing to cope with a sometimes toxic environment and losses you feel cheated on, this game is worth it's modest £10 price."
76561198107031149,Recommended,299360,29983988,Posted: 17 February,all,spooonmn,i wanted  to buy this game when it came out and it costed 10 pounds i think (dont remember too well) but now its free to play i want my money back or given the DLC
,Not Recommended,299360,18388945,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jamgong,"As I first saw this game I admired the complexity anddepth this game offered for a beta.So i decided to stick with it leveled all my charecters to max, dragged 2 of my buddiesinto this game and was very excited as i saw the ed of the beta phase incoming.Then as the beta ended and the new characters got released I was a little bitworried that the new characters would destroy the carefully constructed gameplay systemand unballance the whole gameplay.and they didAstrella destroyed to fast to many blocks, and her doublejump was pretty opSweet Sience´s health regen destroyed any need for the ninjaand Dream Genie was surpriesingly balanced and a great addition to the gameplaybut jaggex turned the car in the right direction and nerfed it all outThen nothing happend and I invested litterly 300 houres in total and spent a great timewith my friends and i found myselfe thinking in class about posslible new characters,talked with my friends about the great sessions we had(fun-fact: my character ideas were an electric themed Alien with a taser, a yetti with a snow minnigun and achinese dude with a bow and arrow whom were groomed with fireworks)And THEN a new character bundel (over which I crunched again) was on the way withan anouncementBnL is going to be free 2 play and i was shockedAt first I tried to think positively about the free 2 play model,then I read the update thingyemaho where all the updates are written downand i abandoned the game.Because what i read was:-All mylevels will be gone-The game will be flooded by noobs-I cannot play with my friends anymore (!!!)-there are gonna be micro transacions-I will have to buy all the new heros-ALL MY LEVELS ARE GONNA BE GONE ALL OF THE 300+ HOURES AND THE TIME I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT IT""But don`t you worry core community,"" the developers said ""You will get a ""special"" skin which does nothing""What I think they should have given:-A special Titel for playing their game until now-All heros + the new ones/make the new heros cheaper for them-A skin of choice for your favourite character +all the old skins-ALL THE NEW SKILLS (only on level 1 though)What that would have caused would have been a new spark for old and new playersand not an annoyence for old players to clear out the feld for the new onesWith this action they disrespected the core community that stuck with them during their hardest timeof BnL and showed that they dont give a bull about us new or old playersAnd i know that they were short on money and so they moved to the more lucrativ Free 2 play modelbut by showing that they dont think that they NEED us anymore in the new game by reseting ALL theprogress made makes me feel disgussedSo thanks for nothing Jaggex I played your game so much that I nearly predicted 2 of the 10,11 and 12characters of the update.Bye-"
76561198059498913,Not Recommended,299360,18359861,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,cmp,"This game used to good, then they changed everything and made it F2P"
,Recommended,299360,30582864,Posted: 17 March,all,Bearly Legal Bear,"as I told my buddy after the arugment. ""It's actually a lot of fun""... he said ""Oh"""
,Recommended,299360,15656995,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Weazelsun,"A fun game that combines building and fps with voxel graphics. You can build almost everywhere on the map. There are several different characters with different talents. Sometimes matches can go on for quite a while but I like that! However, in terms of play style you’ll pretty much be either heading straight into battle or sneaking around trying to do heartland attacks. So, is it worth the price? Yes, most certainly so!"
,Not Recommended,299360,29992326,Posted: 17 February,all,System,"I spent like 10 dollars on this game, so I have a right to complain. This game is fun when you have a team who thinks and isn't 5 years old."
,Recommended,299360,15660815,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Roflcakes Internet,"to start this game gives off a kind of MOBA feel kind of like what ""Super Monday Night Combat"" was supposed to be while still staying with the ""Ace of Spades"" feeli cant quite put my finger on what makes it feel inferior to ace of spades though maybe the classes arent as thought out as they seemmaybe the damage dealing aspect is too small compared to the types of Heros youre up againstmaybe its that headshots dont quite hurt as much as youd thinkall in all its hard to hate something youre good at and its easy to pick up and understand that forts and traps are the name of the game in this game rather than ""Zurg Rushing"" the enemy base since before combat starts they give you 6 minutes to build and fortify your side of the map"
,Recommended,299360,15659665,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Norsewind,"Didn't think much of this game when I first saw it on the store, but my sister ended up trying it for a Runescape promotion, and got me to try it, and quite honestly, it's a really interesting game, only have a few hours in at most right now, but I think it's something totally different from any other game out there right now.Main idea going into it, is that it's a combat game, like a cross between Halo, and the load outs from CoD games, in a Minecraft-esq world, that is nearly entirely destructible :)"
,Recommended,299360,15639006,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Leo,Perfect Game !10/10Join with Us !
76561197993350538,Recommended,299360,15620160,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,statusfailed,Immensely fun.
76561198273072999,Recommended,299360,29866308,Posted: 11 February,all,Issei Hyoudou,"I love this game, but most annoying thing is that, I have to wait 10 mins for one player to have 100%"
,Recommended,299360,16710691,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"A fun FPS with a twist.  Choose one of serveral characters, outfit them with different placeable blocks/weapons/etc., and start the match.  You have about five minutes to build defenses on your side of the map, and then the separating wall comes down and you defend your cubes and bases, while trying to destroy those of the enemy team.  Build up turrets and radar and walls for defense, charge straight for the enemy, or be a sneak and try to dig under enemy lines and place spawn points, bombs, and more on their side of the map.  Nearly every block in the game is destructible, so you have a lot of freedom.  Definitely worth trying."
76561198057849140,Not Recommended,299360,24273726,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aeon,"All in all it is a great game. It's worth spending some time fooling around with. I used to play this game quite a lot, but when they switched to free-to-play they destroyed my entusiasm. All we loyal backers who bought the game got was a single skin from Nigel Longshot and all points we had gained over the year of playing was all gone. Heroes had to be either bought up with xp (for real money) or trained up all over again. Fighting one vs one with a unleveled character vs a fully leveled character = loss. Did also not help that you still appear in the top league because of your experience in the game and facing the hardcore players with your now low level heroes.I did not like the new direction and how they treated their loyal players who actually bought the game. At a minimum we should have recived at least one or two of the new characters for free. At a minimum.The game is in its basic fun to play. Chaos and structure well combined. But I do not like the producers any more. They ruined the game."
,Recommended,299360,15631514,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Little Horn,BOOM! GAME
,Recommended,299360,15711032,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,[LP] Xtreme_Dummy | μT |,This game is awesome with friends!
76561198069604148,Recommended,299360,13412680,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Veggie.Dinosaur,"this game is revolutionary game where it doesnt exist before(not that i know of), its not just minecraft texture fps game, it use the advantage of minecraft gameplay and combine it with fps. i really like the beta so far, have tons of fun and the best part is, its not gun aim and shoot, its a strategy game where you need  team work, choise management and defends strategy. best game so far. and i know its beta, it has minor bugs, but the fun gameplay buried all the bugs that it hadand i really hate to said it, its better than minecraft itself!"
,Recommended,299360,15636060,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gunslinger,THIS IS AMAZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299360,29606506,Posted: 31 January,all,AaronTan,BEST GAME F2P - MMO- BUILDING- FPSFOR ME 100/100
,Not Recommended,299360,31841107,Posted: 19 May,all,Harr_Hoodi,I bought this game..... then it got f2p... And i couldnt get a refund.... and it has'nt got the best balance of characters..
,Recommended,299360,13385118,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Riddickulous,"Terrible player base, mostly 12 year olds in a HEAVILY team oriented game.Clunky mechanics but, honestly, balanced surprisingly.Amazingly fun, and will probably only get better.There is something to be said about the adrenalin that is had when fortifying before an enemies attack,That said, the first five minutes are the most fun of each match.PLEASE MAKE GIANT ARENA FFA OR 2v2v2v2Final thought, Do you like building?Do you like watching your buildings burn?Play this game."
76561198088873872,Recommended,299360,15642463,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AlHinchy,.
,Recommended,299360,13408072,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Crazy Red Dusty,SOOO many block puns it gets annoying after a little but the game is really fun to play
,Recommended,299360,15624701,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lipanek,This game is awesome. I better than Ace Of Spades. Is REALY good FPS.
76561198182729635,Recommended,299360,29611055,Posted: 31 January,all,Zorgi hellcase.com,its cool
,Recommended,299360,16371302,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Atharaxy,"I just started playing this, but I really like it so far. Its a game where you have to defend your base and attack the other base. Mix between TF2 and Minecraft. Sad that only ~300 people are playing it. Its such a fun game!"
76561198060718040,Recommended,299360,15688435,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TFW you were useless in WW2,"I bought the double pack, since it's really cheap, and now we're having tons of fun with my friend with this game. The tactics in this game are just too good. And like the trailer says, ""No game is ever the same!""."
76561198079542913,Recommended,299360,15672136,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fry,very fun
,Recommended,299360,16412173,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TonE,Game got depth
76561197998523345,Recommended,299360,16334955,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tezro,Block n load is so much fun.
76561198045560427,Recommended,299360,16495835,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MechaSoldier csgosmith.com,nice game !
76561198164737219,Recommended,299360,15681801,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,minimizare,this game is amazingggggggggg
,Recommended,299360,16567847,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Joe,minecraft+team fortres 2+Dota 2= block n loadi am having fun when i play this game....
,Recommended,299360,15672072,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BigG2kGameplay,pretty cool
76561198073550340,Recommended,299360,13477309,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Moppy,"Let's be honest, Ace Of Spades sucked!However this is THE BEST game I have seen in AGES GOTY!The gameplay is simple to understand but dificult to master, meaning anyone can play but you actually have to practise to be really good. RECOMENDED FOR EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,299360,16500081,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Swashbuckler,great fun
76561198055402302,Recommended,299360,16505985,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,XDDD,I love this game!
76561198052917724,Recommended,299360,15675115,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pixel Widget,An extremely fun and addictive game. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,299360,29458179,Posted: 24 January,all,Rocket the Jumper,Soldier : YOUR GOOD SON VERY GOOD
,Recommended,299360,16526863,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,VLC Media Player,fun
76561198089435115,Recommended,299360,23602156,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ravogan,I'm a BETA player with 200+ hours on the game and I love it to death.<3.Entertaining Announcer.Unique Characters with Humorous Dialogue.No P2W.Character Skins.Explosions.Male and Female Characters.More Explosions.Unlimited Gameplay.Online Multiplayer.Daily Login Rewards.Ranked Modes.TurretsWHO WOULDN'T WANT THIS GAME?11/10.
,Recommended,299360,15676464,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CosmicRoast,"Fun game, very team based and competitive as well."
76561198079430520,Recommended,299360,15673226,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Candle,is a great game brill
,Recommended,299360,13839339,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ME-MES,minecraft with gunz
,Recommended,299360,14214862,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sad_Mad_Dad,love it
,Recommended,299360,13867728,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Doge,"Pretty well made and addictive. I had so much fun playing. For the ones who never played; it's a combination of Ace of Spades, Dota 2, Team Fortress 2 and Minecraft but in an awesome way."
76561198133701179,Recommended,299360,15758817,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Menstrum,block n load is a great game  i love how the mechanics work and evertnig develop this  more to be an even  better game to surpass everything
,Recommended,299360,14303939,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jnktrooper,i bought the game but it says i still have the beta
,Recommended,299360,16473093,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,vexx32,Good
,Recommended,299360,16493804,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[XCR]INSERTNOISE,sweat
,Recommended,299360,16506600,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Effective_Carrot,This is great but its is more fun with friends and I've only played casaul or unranked but loving it and jagex is the best I wish I can work there in the future :).
76561198111381740,Recommended,299360,16563854,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PixelPiledriver,"Teamwork.Intense matches.Cool characters, blocks and abilities.Explosions.Every match I learn something, no matter if it's a win or loss.A simple new build strategy.How to better support my team.Tendencies of enemy players.Defense is extremely rewarding.It feels like every choice I make matters.Here's a fun story from a single match.-----------------------------------------------------An enemy attacker jumps into the base triggering multiple traps that drain his health as I throw gas grenades from above to finish him off. :DI jump down and re-trap the base a bit and then move back to my high ground position.The same enemy finds the staircase I built early in the match to reach the top of the building.He runs up it and is instantly killed by the mines I've hidden in blind spots. :DI repair the damage done to the staircase and re-trap the blind spots.The same enemy comes back.Not wanting to use my stair case again, he scales the building from a different position by carving his own path.But upon reaching the top is so intent on chasing and shooting at me he doesnt notice the mines I've embeded into the floor for protection.He steps directly on them, bringing his health down low enough to where I kill him with one shot. :DHe's done some damage to me so I heal up at my hidden health block.Then I repair the floor but don't have enough block points to re-trap the mine field. :|So I move out of position to do a bit of resource farming and then come back, but I place only a few mines so I can conserve block points.The same enemy comes back a bit smarter and builds a radar, just before reaching my position, that reveals the traps near me.Feeling confident he charges in, hitting me with lots of bullets, avoiding the few traps I have in place.I hit him with a couple shots, but I know I can't win a straight gun fight against him.So I jump down a level and run to a stack of boxes for cover.The enemy chases, spraying bullets.Quickly I build 3 mines on the back side of the boxes, drop a couple gas grenades at my feet, and then back away, positioning myself next to another hidden healing block I placed sometime ealier in the game.Because he chased me away from my defending position, we are no longer in range of his radar, so he can't see the trap I've just improvised.The enemy comes around the boxes, guns blazing.He wants to kill me bad!The gas grenades go off dealing him minor continuous damage.Then he trips the mines and they explode his face off. :D5 seconds later the attackers on my team deal the final blow on the enemy base.Victory! :DDuring all of that I had to manage killing other enemies that were doing damage to our base, supporting team mates by building health and ammo blocks in changing key positions, repairing block structures, leveling ground, blocking and traping enemy tunnels, etc.-------------------------------------------------------A very cool game.Smart play pays off.Team work makes the dream work.♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Try it!"
76561198177242349,Recommended,299360,18293030,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Guldan Ramsay,I payed for this game -_-
,Recommended,299360,16855899,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SadCum,It's like Minecraft with guns - IGN
76561198052532259,Recommended,299360,30037744,Posted: 19 February,all,jordi,It is a nice game if you understand it. But there are better free to play games.
76561198201709582,Recommended,299360,30007754,Posted: 18 February,all,ZonE_ExiBiT,cant play.Everytime i load up the game is says trying to conect to sever and it dose it for a long time and still dosent do nothing can someone please help me? Thank you!
,Recommended,299360,29692891,Posted: 4 February,all,The Flying Dutch Man | pvpro.com,Good Game! Its really enjoyable!
76561198083535506,Recommended,299360,29990639,Posted: 17 February,all,NiBBa (लगववो),So this is my first review and i will try to make it as good as possible.First of all this is a good game to play with your friends. Some characters require a lot of skill but everyone can be mastered over time. And a really big tip to starters play the damn tutorial!!!This is it and i hope you enjoy this game!
,Recommended,299360,29637019,Posted: 1 February,all,The Forgotten One,gud game lotsa bugs.redfox no add me i no give him bugs
,Recommended,299360,25625370,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Oscar,vgudIr88/8
76561198107538135,Recommended,299360,29768696,Posted: 7 February,all,NANI,fun
,Not Recommended,299360,30030335,Posted: 19 February,all,ุ,annoying players
76561198051958467,Recommended,299360,24590221,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Yeinjang,"Was good until the updates, the graphics just got worse and worse.Used to love this game but quit because of the graphics now. Hope they fix it."
,Recommended,299360,18752709,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pandabehr,"Block in, blockheads."
,Recommended,299360,18648276,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[NFC] Dr.Willy,This game is a great game to play if you have freinds and if you just want to solo que. its free to play buy pay to win like most are but hay how would they make their money any other way that isnt a bad stratagy?
,Not Recommended,299360,18734593,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Phak,"Buys the game for $15 stops playing, then it's free to ♥♥♥♥ing play"
,Recommended,299360,14628843,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ruff Wizard,ya
,Recommended,299360,15822202,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chadster,I'm caulking all over the place.10/10
76561198056043474,Recommended,299360,13418745,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Reelnick,Such a great game. Ive been playing it since the day it came out for beta and i havent stopped since. Worth the money and the extra skins that come with it. (:
,Recommended,299360,13496502,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dennis,I enjoy playing this game alot.-Like the Blocky Style-good community-just fun to play overallbut the one thing that will kill this game is the 30$ PriceTag
,Recommended,299360,14084913,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Brewsterr,"This is one of the best games in my library , by far. This is a fun game where you defend your base, and destroy theirs. There is no block you cant dig (exept metal ones)This is a awesome game with lots of charactersBlock N Load is extremely fun to play. Come home from work and want to take your mind off stuff? Play Block N Load. Have a stressful week and wanna let off some steam? Play the game10/10"
,Recommended,299360,14133557,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BB,Fun as hell.
,Not Recommended,299360,23472233,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,zildil,"Me and my buds bought this game and loved it, then it went F2P...What a slap to the ♥♥♥♥ing face. There goes your only loyal fanbase.Now this games lost in a sea of free 2 play games with no players."
,Recommended,299360,28835577,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pizzalvr,THE BEST GAME YOU WILL EVER PLAY AND DONT LET ANYONE TELL YOU OTHERWISE
76561198111375630,Recommended,299360,15679037,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Thatlittlenerd,"This game is amazing to say the least. Nice, clean gameplay with fun characters to play as. 10/10"
76561198086502620,Recommended,299360,15391942,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Walter Pigg White,"GREAT GREAT GREAT game. Should I say more? JUST GET IT!!!! The only downside is the servers make me lag really hard, its a recent problem. They might have patched it already, but I don't know. It's a great game, though. It has a lot of different classes, and each need to help. Different classes get different blocks, abilities, and weapons. The objective is to destory the enemies base. I don't know what else to say, but, <3 game <3!"
76561198023368617,Recommended,299360,15688341,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bitshift,"By far the best first-person shooter I have played. The building and destructive aspect provides a very interesting experience, with a large number of successful strategies possible."
76561198089756700,Recommended,299360,15663025,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ice Daddy,this ties in team fortress with much more diverse classes and minecraft modern warfare blocks.this game game is worth every cent and very fun to play.however there is a learning curve so be careful and the classes dont have much to unlock.9/10
76561198205031277,Recommended,299360,25178361,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,QwErTy4252,Wonderful game! I played before free to play and there just werent enough players. Sometimes we had to wait up to 10 mins. Changing to free to play was the right choice. Yes sometimes people can be trolls but that happens in every game! Well worth your time. Every game is a different strategy. The range of characters allows many options also.
,Recommended,299360,15677887,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CrazyCalvin,This game is well worth the money[/h]( unfortunately too broke to buy )It has something for everyoneYou like stealth? youre good!you like running and gunning with grenades and rpgs? youre good!you like being tactical and setting up turrets and building bases? youre good!you like sabatoging an enemy bridge with explosives and watch them crumble and fall? youre good!this game is really a must have!
,Recommended,299360,15845489,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Crt,"Imagine this game to be a blend of numerous video games into one. It's a unique design, it's a first person shooter in a 5v5 setting with the sole of goal of protecting your base and its assets while destroying your enemy's base and their assets.The inclusion of being dictate and shape your base is a strong plus for the game.  Destructible environments are in this game and because of that, this game utilizes mechanics similar to Minecraft to create a dynamic environment. You and your team can create strategic ploys to seize victory.The only problem with this game is that some characters are actually useless while there are characters like  O.P. 'Juan' Shinobi that are absolutely ruthless and can dish out major damage, flee, and rejuvenate hp and ammo in moments alongside with being able to just vanish and gain some cover. It's not game-breaking, but pair this with an experienced player and that player alone can probably solo the match. The game needs to be tweaked more for balancing, all classes have their strong points, but there's no reason ever to not use Juan as he is a reliable offense and one hell of a defense character."
,Recommended,299360,16562415,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gaben The Holy Allah,"Great game! I played during the alpha and beta and I liked it, pretty cheap during the sale so I had to get it."
76561198156473480,Recommended,299360,16560655,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,-Blix,"It's a really addictive game. Supper fun, and really competitive."
,Recommended,299360,17663948,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BaphomeT,"LIKESInteresting gameplay mechanics, unique classes. Ability to come up with different strategies depending on the map and selected class.DISLIKESMatch making system, constantly getting matched with people playing for the first time against a team filled with max level players. Constant lag spikes, lack of polish, shooting at someone doesn't seem crisp enough.CONCLUSIONYou can give it a try, but you might find this games community to be a bit frustrating if you are over the age of 20."
,Recommended,299360,16472732,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kananjarrus,Fun and relaxing to play but it can get repetetive :)
,Recommended,299360,13405912,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Cavalyn,"Honestly impressed with the game so far, the classes feel mostly balanced the game runs smoothly. The idea of a tutorial video being the intro is great, and the learning videos are well voice acted and fun to listen to. In terms of gameplay it's fun and frantic.My only dread is that not enough people might play it - i heartily recommend giving it a go."
,Not Recommended,299360,19572210,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MInecraft,I payed 20 dollars for it and now its free to play... Wtf
76561198142732327,Recommended,299360,15667386,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sharpedog101,"This game is very satisfying, Its like a minecraft meets tf2 which is an inovative concept in my opinion. infact its an entirely new game and its worth it's money"
76561198069975422,Recommended,299360,13731103,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BloodxxAngel01,needs more building time and some many people already cheating and hacking. but is a fun game i enjoy it alot
,Recommended,299360,15684310,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nemesis,"Tried it out at weekend, really good."
,Recommended,299360,13384728,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Maelstrom85,Just love how objective based the game is. Sometimes it comes really close and it just gets hectic near the end of the game. Would really like some new maps. Not a fan of the glitches with chat not working sometimes but its still beta so hopefully that is fixed soon. Overall freaking love this game. Would recommend.
,Recommended,299360,15682958,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,T.wrecks,Im trying to get in the game again but it just comes up with the steam update news but its still a good game.
76561198153177529,Recommended,299360,15682326,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cosmeticgore,i had the game for a free for a while and this is what i think of it1 fun to play minecraft+tf2=fun2modest learning curve: its quick and easy to learn but the tutorial needs improvement3requires teamwork: a good defense or attsck cant be made by just one person as all the blocks are spread out as radar turrets and tikis are esential to a good defense1 bad thingtrollstrolls ruin the whole gameplay as they destroy turrets health and team kill BUT it is stoping as people are becomeing less annoyed by them3 games had trolls2 trolls left because they where stoped by other playersoverall8.5/10
76561197987736542,Recommended,299360,15684779,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,owned66,Great game ! but i hope it wont be F2P like other commenters have said :(
76561198130063094,Recommended,299360,18082516,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MuzzUK,"PROSNo pay to win mechanics only paid skinsNice selection of characters and three play stylesUnique game play not like other shooters you can build and shootMatch making is quick, balanced and it's easy to get into a matchMax of 3 people in a party so no 5 premade stomps if you go soloSimple game to learn but a hard game to master at high ranksRuns on low and high spec PC'sGame devs communicate often and updates are frequent including balancingMap editor and custom gamesCONSLow level and early play can be very frustrating until 10-15 hour markCommunity is strong but needs more players (it's not dying though 1500+ a day)Better choice of paid skins most of the skins aren't very excitingSo I'm re-writing my review now this is Free To Play, I was a paid player however the game was dying due to lack of players, I'm glad it's free because there's now over 1500 active players daily on Steam and the game is in a much better state! Firstly unlike a lot of free games here's no pay to win which will please lots of people everything is unlockable over time apart from the skins and cosmetics which you need real cash for. Paid players who bought the game before it was free get character unlocks and skins as a reward for buying the original. Block n Load in my opinion is in the top ten best free to play games on the Internet or Steam. It's primary a shooter but has some Minecraft building mechanics and 5v5 game play like a moba which I'll explain below.This game is simple but great though you need to get through your first 20-25 matches before you start getting team mates who know how to play and want to improve and learn the meta. Early on people clearly have no idea how to play, they troll a lot and argue and make stupid decisions which lose matches quickly. Low level players think they are playing team deathmatch game and generally do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥so expect 10 hours of frustration before the game comes into it's own.Once you hit match 25+ or above half of those lowbies carry on playing and get better and the others leave. Things get very fun once the competitive players remain and only the core community who understand the game are left.Matches in general can last between 10-30 minutes and some occasionally an hour when teams are very well matched on the bigger maps. I love jumping on with a friend or two and found teaching new friends to play was nice and easy as there's a tutorial video and you can make custom games. What I enjoy most about Block N Load is some games are a long tactical slog where as others are rush rush rush and lots of killing and carnage with a quick win or defeat. One match you might be dug in on a stale mate and others you push early and gain the upper hand for a quick victory.Block N Load certainly feels like a moba mixed with shooter mechanics and Minecraft block placement. It's matches feature 5v5 gameplay, choice of loadouts, cool skins and there is a kind of meta for each champ some are attacking and others defending play styles. There isn't any minions or skill trees like you'd get in a moba but your base is effectively the nexus or objective.As you can see from the pics and vids it uses Minecraft like voxel graphics and engine which suits it nicely. It runs very well and is stable I never experience disconnection from their servers or get lag at all I've played ona 4mb connection and my home 70mb fibre. The combat is first person shooter like where you shoot other players with a small selection of weapons and fit out your character with perks and building objects but the moba element is basically two teams attack and defend each others cubes (Nexus) trying to destroy it to win.Think DOTA/LOL but without minions, no buffs and there's no number based combat or pointing and clicking.Just a side note I have never ever seen a hacker on this game either!So basically to explain a match or the core game play a you get a build phase/resource gather phase which is normally 5 minutes to prepare your cube defence. After that a shield wall goes down and you battle until one team loses all their cubes (some maps have more than one).There's not much else to say it's build then fight and then either win or lose. Games can be pretty intense and action happening all the time. My only complaint is the game should force at least one player to play an engineer or defensive class as sometimes you can lose a match in character select and build phase if no one on your team can build decent walls, traps or turrets.The game can be won or lost in hero selection and in build phase if a player disconnects or leaves they are replaced very quickly, this is a great feature.Block n Load is the best voxel based builder and shooter game out there!"
,Not Recommended,299360,18291070,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dolan Trump,i bought the game some  weeks ago and now it is free to play?us dat  has bought the game need to get our money back.or some cool in game things
76561198142516731,Not Recommended,299360,30116244,Posted: 23 February,all,TheLoneTurtle,I couldn't sign in or register
76561197962321297,Not Recommended,299360,20977890,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,chicken-,"The devs bit off more than they could chew, ignored community feedback and generally made poor decisions with changes/updates and took way too long to release a map editor, as well as the game just generally having AWFUL performance and being poorly optimized.  Game is grindy and gets old with huge disparity between bad and good players, no real matchmaking to speak of and not enough players even if there was.  Game is dead and they are moving on to another game while claiming ""player-driven updates"" will keep BnL going.  Well all that says to me is they won't have anybody working on it, and they will occassionally add a player made map to the game.It's free for a few heroes, try it if you'd like, it was a great concept, ruined by incompetent devs, but I don't recommend buying any DLC unless you truly love playing a game with 800 peak players with no real updates or optimizations forthcoming."
76561198042181858,Recommended,299360,13382251,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,alexander2x,"really fun to play, a bit glitchy and unbalanced in beta but still very fun."
,Not Recommended,299360,18300491,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,We Ken Bone,Wow ♥♥♥♥ this game bought it for nothing cuz now its free REALLY?!
,Recommended,299360,15643418,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Foxy The Pirate Cove,DIS IS SO COOL GAME I LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,299360,17663968,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Croissant or Musseli,Realllllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Fun and Easy to play! Had fun playing and has lots of endless ways to play. Cheap for what it is to!
76561198012795913,Recommended,299360,13871571,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Glex,"Amazing game. I have a group of buddies I play this with. At the moment, it's free since it's in beta and you can just sign up, instantly getting a code to play the game. So easily I got my friends involved and we are having a blast. For a blocky game the graphics are quite good, but what really sold this game to me was the character design. Each character is very funny, great dialogue. Robot is the funniest.Gameplay: Super addicting game, you build, destroy, and work as a team of 5 for an objective. It's an fps where you think hard about how you should build a base/walls/traps/turrets/healing blocks/mines/ ect ect..  depending on your enemy team comp. I have seen many unique strategies, skybridging, speedtunneling(speed boosts and crawling) Lavacore, SpawnWalling, bridge removing. At it goes on and on.I would like to see more block types and more playable characters. I main the ninja and I think he is OP, but he has a high skill ceiling. I see many other ninjas do poorly. The sniper is currenltly the weakest, He is only good if you play him on wilson bay with a health and ammo crate in the lighthouse, and... spam tiki towers. The ping is a bit off which also makes sniper hard."
,Not Recommended,299360,21769864,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,cOoL cUcUmBeR hellcase.com,Really i paid real money for this game now you make it free i would like a refund
,Recommended,299360,15654641,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Raptor,"A really fun game, i was a closed beta player but couldn't play due to a loading issue.Now when it came out i gave it a try again and it works perfect.Games are between the 20 minutes till (my longest) 1 hour (4 minutes & 44 seconds)."
,Not Recommended,299360,20452349,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jewker,"In the heat of the moment this game was really trending, so I bought it for $15, and guess what? 1 week later it goes free 2 play, what do I get for $15? A shirtless skin for the british sniper, that's it.I miss my $15"
76561198169247582,Recommended,299360,15638174,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Someone,Absolutely love this game
76561198327316872,Recommended,299360,29906927,Posted: 13 February,all,4hands44,one of the best shooters out there now stop reading this and play already!
,Recommended,299360,31396378,Posted: 27 April,all,SEE,What do you get of you mix the best parts of Overwatch and Minecraft.... One misformed miracle baby that no one notices untill it was to late. Still an incredebly good game tho.
76561198162569204,Not Recommended,299360,30219611,Posted: 27 February,all,enderbomb33327,it was good and then they made it free to play
,Not Recommended,299360,29855807,Posted: 11 February,all,Gay Fax,JAGEX killed Ace of Spades. Never forgive.
,Not Recommended,299360,29959506,Posted: 16 February,all,WIllsville,ew
,Recommended,299360,31401357,Posted: 27 April,all,Sam (Sleepy),this game still dead?
,Not Recommended,299360,16689029,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Gaben Show!,"Sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ banned for speedhacks, only played 1 match, i own no hacks, game is broken, blocky middlefinger to you♥♥♥♥♥♥and blow"
76561198091577537,Recommended,299360,15649389,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AndrewMp,This game is amazing!!!!
,Not Recommended,299360,22714995,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,UnOrthaDox,"I'd like my money back.Not a hope there. I played this during the beta and a little bit after.Just tried to play today.Spent 5 minutes in the Asia/Oceania/North American que and couldn't get a game.Can't play ranked. Level 20 required.Having so much fun not being able to play.Also, what's with the store?You want more money from me?And these ♥♥♥♥ing perks don't look balanced at all.I'll be trying for a refund.But more fool me right?"
,Recommended,299360,15636799,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gamoss,"Great, I've always said to my 8 years old son, that I don't care about minecraft and then got busted playing this... But yeah great stuff..."
,Recommended,299360,15664696,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jamop,"An excellent game combining the foundations of the classic MOBA genre with the frantic, fast-paced shooting of TF2. Would definitely recommend."
,Not Recommended,299360,23276841,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Graff3,"Let's just say that I am not too thrilled about it being f2p now since i paid $10 for it. It was a fun game when it first came out, but now there are elitists who talk crap to you when you go to play and build where you want. Due to that reason I quit playing because it just isn't enjoyable. It would be much more fun if it had a friendlier atmosphere like it did when it first came out, but instead it is more like playing with the COD kids."
76561198100866163,Not Recommended,299360,25486973,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,tea,"I bought this game before it was free to play and well, its been ruined.... The only people who play it are 9 or less/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The game was great but now it sucks mostly due to the player-base and the pay to win classes that you have to buy."
,Not Recommended,299360,25080755,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JAkey stay wakey,America servers are completely empty used to be awesome before it became a heaping pile of f2p garbage. It was invaded by annoying players that didnt even bother to play or even ATTEMPT to learn how to play the game right. RIP Block N Load :/
76561197964882597,Recommended,299360,13446169,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kazzamkablam,"What I liked about the game were classes, ability to customize your loadout and destructable terrain. It plays like normal fps except you can dig under them, jump over them and set all sorts of traps for enemy team.  Gameplay for the most part is good but there are some bugbears for me.Matches can drag on and being on a losing team for 45 minutes because people refuse to surrender can become a massive chore if you're only one on your team who is not turtling. So your enjoyment of the game is reliant on the team you play with. Playing with random teammates at worst can be a massive chore, since it's really hard to get anything done by yourself especially considering you need to be point blank range to actually do proper damage to the core, and good luck with that if all your team does is turtle.On the technical standpoint I didn't see any massively glaring problems and fps stayed good at all times, Characters speaking same one liners all the time does get annoying and frequency should be cut to half.I feel another thing that might put off people from the game is the pricepoint, I myself got it with 33% discount but I'm not sure I would have paid the full price at 27 euros.Overall a decent game with some annoying flaws from what I played. Might be too expensive at full price point."
,Not Recommended,299360,18273360,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Doodlie,Payed 7€ for this game and now its free to play? complete scam
,Recommended,299360,15883905,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Qu1n,Great fun and much more tactical than it appears at a first glance. Can see the potential for an Esport!
76561198038797919,Recommended,299360,25080360,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BananaMoonPi,"Great game. Wish it was marketed or advertised better. I would love to see this game with a bigger fan base.Pros-Many characters, all vary drasticallyCool Maps that are all differentAlmost no bugsNEW competitive modeCons-sometimes teammates are brazilian or portugese... THEY SPEAK SPANISHlong queue (which I feel could be reduced with better advertisement of the game)TLDR;This is a great game as long as you play minesweeper or watching twitch for the 5-6 minutes queue times."
76561197992030321,Recommended,299360,13445399,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GregJA,Tons of fun!
,Recommended,299360,15662756,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LZRBrick,Fun.... Really fun it is like tf2 with no spys.. just teleportin ninjas
,Not Recommended,299360,18312010,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kester,i payed for this game early and received nothing for when it became free apart from all my progress being reset. just because of this i would not recomend this game. and im not going to be buying anymore games made by its company
76561198115924329,Not Recommended,299360,18337011,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SkyGlory,i waste my money on this and now it free ?!! i want my money back
76561198172770494,Recommended,299360,18252651,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kingkoopa2003,I bought it at the last minute and NOW ITS FREE TO PLAY! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198021803513,Recommended,299360,15864706,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Leiros,"I really enjoy this game. It's a great mix of crafting, base defense, and arena shooter. Lots of fun and it will only get better as new characters, maps, weapons etc. are added!"
,Recommended,299360,15872200,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,RagingTeaPot,"Good game, the block building element adds a great angle. My only complaint, which does significantly impact your ability to play is the fact you can't join existing games. You have to find lobby games and there simply isn't enough players to make this work.It's a shame, because other then that it's a good game, but a good game you can't play is a bad experience.Despite this, I still recommend the game if you can find one."
,Not Recommended,299360,18323577,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DeepFriedUnicorn,I payed for this game and now its ♥♥♥♥in free.  what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,299360,13673695,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ATastyPickleJR[Ping from Pluto],"Pretty decent game if you can get over the fact that Jagex owns it. It has it kinks here and there, but it's a beta, they're workin' on it. Hopefully they don't toss in anything like pay-for-stat boost or XP boost or something."
76561198077501660,Recommended,299360,15666407,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Da Juice,"I really enjoy this game. It can be confusing at first but once you get a hang of the controls and the core game play, it starts to become very enjoyable. I would say it's worth the £10, even if it doesn't seem like it at first.Have a go while it's free, or wait for a sale, play a few rounds. It may be a little awkward and frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it, this game really starts to shine."
76561198114676295,Recommended,299360,15660503,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,LegoMonster19,"GREAT GAME i can't think of better only thing i think there should be is invinsible force field blocks, just thought they could add that..."
76561198202512764,Recommended,299360,15620318,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,The salteist player,not bad
,Not Recommended,299360,17956177,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,fireROCKmlgPRO,you need play with other plyers and no body have dis game no players in a game you cant play
,Not Recommended,299360,26247232,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[M4tth2w],Games dead... match maker doesn't find any servers.and to think i bought this dead pile of sh-t after playing the beta ._.
,Not Recommended,299360,31140630,Posted: 14 April,all,Shawn,ACE OF SPADES - deadBLOCK N LOAD - deadWhat's next?
,Not Recommended,299360,30205913,Posted: 26 February,all,PxlGlok,"Pro's:-Unique gameplay, a first person shooter in a mostly destructible environment.-There is community made maps along with custom lobbies.Con's:-Characters mostly consist of stereotypes with some going a little too far in my opinion.-Game is poorly optimized-Characters are poorly balanced-All characters are locked but there is a free rotation of 1 character per class every week I believe, however only some of the characters cost a fair amount while it could take weeks to unlock others. The higher priced characters are unjustified as they're not better or could even be worse than cheaper ones.-Each character has an obscenely large amount of voice lines that activate at random times which could give away your location and can get bothersome quickly. While you can mute this feature on your end, everyone else can still hear it.-There are custom skins available for the characters, but they're not available to free to play users.I would not recommend this game, there are likely better alternatives. The developer also appears to have abandoned it."
,Recommended,299360,13423181,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,VenomousPhoenix,This is probably one of the best games i have ever played and would recommend it to anyone without a doubt up dating this review after many more hours of play i was previously using a control pad to play this game with as i found it easier however now after there recent update the control pad no longer works the balance between the characters is alot better because before if you had a full team of cogs it was just op the updates in this game have made it much better however i will not be playing as my  control pad isnt working and kinda annoyed about that
76561198193957937,Recommended,299360,29473909,Posted: 24 January,all,✪ $P33DY,Awesome Game but Idk why i have high ping in all servers
76561198122063805,Recommended,299360,15840267,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MadManWithAKnife,This games awesome i recommended this to anyone and is worth the money. EVEN MORE FUN WITH FRIENDS
,Recommended,299360,15666776,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Raul,Good Game
,Recommended,299360,13458499,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zora Sama,laggy and buggy  but fun fun fun!4/5
,Recommended,299360,13446707,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Keiro,"Really great game, shooting and building also rewarded and important. One of the best games I played this year."
,Recommended,299360,18308644,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,John C1-38,i payed for this game will i get anything for paying or iam i ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198042300010,Recommended,299360,15664892,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,dont_hold_back,"Tried the free version having my doubts and now have bought the game, it is fantastic, great job on it guys and gals"
76561198130034629,Recommended,299360,15664340,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Thedogontop,its so much fun very addicting winning or losing
,Not Recommended,299360,29853859,Posted: 11 February,all,Stammy pvpro.com,Kids everywhere.
76561198164421811,Recommended,299360,18028051,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,razza2001,dear block n load please make this a apple game i have a old windows computer and it takes 2 hours to load the game so please consider it from razza2001
,Not Recommended,299360,18075157,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bobo,"First of all, fun game. Interesting Gameplay and games never get stale. Next, I'm really dissappointed that the game if going free to play, as I have already paid for it. and even though it isn't very popular- hardly anyone greifs or trolls in the games. I feel that once we hit free to paly, yes, there will be more people, but most people won't even care and just troll the teammates for fun. It's sad to think about. Some people think the game will get better with more people from free to play, I just think the community will get trashed."
,Recommended,299360,18332925,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Rockman 4 Minus Infinity,"I love this game.Even before the big update, this game was a total joy, it has godly balanced charachters, fun gameplay, and requires skill, even with the new perk system, which is brilliantly balanced by upgrading one thing and lowering another.The only complaint I have is F2P's, which honestly do not respect or listen to use people who actually bought the game. Like always covering the base when that only makes it EASIER for them to attack it. Especially if its a 2 layer cover."
,Recommended,299360,14334469,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,stonekiller,This game is going great so far but there are some minor issues i would like to suggest. Adding friends on menu. Some of the achievements arent working because i have 70 wins and i got 9/10 on the achievement
,Recommended,299360,16454166,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slurry,Fun!
76561198131774893,Recommended,299360,15847329,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,whitegroth,"SO AWESOME! Block and load is such a good game when the free trial was over i was raging like ""LET ME BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!!!1!!!"""
76561198081288297,Recommended,299360,13466223,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nickynick1231,"Great game but I'm living in malaysia and can only play the game at night which I don't like, anyway this game is super fun and relieves stress whenever I play it. I just hope I can play it till morning to night and I can't wait until it goes into the full version"
,Recommended,299360,15989290,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MajorasFlask,Great Consept...Its like Call of Duty and Minecraft all in one!
,Recommended,299360,15938672,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The,"Ok, I've found something. A reason why this was released. Once upon a time, a company called Jagex wanted to make a block-based building shooter, they were about to release it, but being the ginormous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are, they wanted to ""eliminate the competition"" so, they did research and saw that ace of spades was their biggest competition, they bought ace of spades and then broke it, so that block and load could be the lord of the block games. Makes sense, right?"
76561198129406282,Not Recommended,299360,19296565,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ramit Inmah Ashol,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I REPEAT DO NOT BUY ITif you want to wait 6 hours to find a game then sure go ahead and buy it
76561198320184744,Not Recommended,299360,29421076,Posted: 22 January,all,QuNaKe#Moc Adasia,No lodaing
76561198167881473,Recommended,299360,15661363,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Joby,bootyful
,Recommended,299360,15790068,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,CliffracerX,"A minecraft and TF2 knockoff, but probably one of the best knockoffs I've played in a long time.The game blends building and destruction from Minecraft with the modern weapons, graphical style, and gunplay of TF2.  Add on some strategy for the icing on the cake, and you've got Block n' Load.The game stays true to the ""No game's the same"" line, as every time the teams are different, and thusly the strategies change from map to map and team to team.  One time, I played against a five-player team made entirely of Cogwheels.  Other times, the teams can be perfectly balanced and equally matched to the point of one destroying the other's cube as they watch their own cube blowing up.  We BOTH lost!The controls and climbing can and probably will feel clunky to dedicated FPS players, as they're a bit odd.  Optimization COULD use some work, but it was made with Unity, which is not brilliant for optimization.All in all, I would recommend for anyone who wants something a little different in the FPS department.Tony and Nigel FTW!(Sidenote: This is my first Jagex game, I cannot really give a yay or nay about them since I haven't been around for them ruining Ace of Spades and other stuff I hear them getting ragged on about.)"
,Recommended,299360,14282145,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,foxxo,1. Funny lines of dialoge2. This line -> What the block you gonna do?3. Balanced classes (not including Juan or Eliza)4. No skill matchmaking5. You can destroy anything! (not including metal)8/8 would recommend again.
76561198073625741,Recommended,299360,16409662,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RumRaider,a must buy :D
,Recommended,299360,15646304,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Grayog,Great game but wont work
76561198139166440,Recommended,299360,13449293,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Whoops,"1. play the great escape music while playing or the a-team music for the best experience.2. my laptop can run it at 60 fps with medium settings (except for when there is alot of action going on).3. great but none of my friends have a good enough computer to play. i know thats not under your control but i thought id put it out there.4.get the free version from the website. took a few days for them to respond but well woth it.5. great phrases like ""chin up, you lazy buggars!""6. dont know why but sometimes you can be a team of 3 vs a team of 7.7. you can be a low level but play vs high level players.8. i rate it 8.5/10. GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,299360,16749003,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Yasha,"I've been a major supporter of Jagex for about 10 years now, and when I heard about this game, I figured I'd give it a shot while it was free to try for 3 days after release.I was worried it may have ended up a Minecraft ripoff, but I was pleasantly surprised.Block N Load takes 2 ideas that have already been done (Minecraft and Team Fortress 2) but mixes them in a beautiful symphony of game design, creating its own original style that I've never seen done before, with replayability beyond my initial expectations.It truly is a different experience every game, primarily in part due to the near unlimited potential to destroy and build.Unlike Minecraft, you won't be able to build in bliss, you're always under pressure. In the preparation phase, you only have so long, and need to hurry. In the actual battle, you won't even have that luxury, you'll be building walls, placing bombs, and even establishing a forward base as bullets fly overhead and artillery is tearing apart the world around you, and you'll never know whether or not someone might sneak up on you while you're building and knock your block off (pun intended).As soon as the game's free to play time was up, I immediately purchased it and haven't looked back.The only major problem with the game I've encountered is the fact that my account is level 90 (currently the level cap) and can still get paired with four level 0s, which means certain defeat for your team no matter how good you are. This could be easily fixed by only pairing people of similar skill levels, though the exact method would be up to Jagex.Unlike what many others have said, I have to disagree with the opinions on the overall community. Though there are plenty people who take me back to my Modern Warfare days, it's pretty tolerable, and not TOO common for me to make any major complaints. It could use some improvement, but so long as you're not too thin-skinned, you should be fine for the most part.I'd highly recommend this game to most everyone, and will continue to play, myself."
76561198141586395,Not Recommended,299360,18280247,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,✪SkyLance✪,So i just wanna say first of all i payed for this game i liked it played with friends etc. but now that its free idk what to think did i waste X amount of dollars on this game. and will i see that money again no i wont so this is me saying i dont recommend this game just for that reason.
,Not Recommended,299360,18414347,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mehulinkoo,"I played this game a lot but when the updates came i was like ""THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T"" then i did not play it for a year. And yes this game cost me 20 euros. Now i feel like i got scammed. I WANT MY REFUND!!!!!!"
76561198081018260,Recommended,299360,16385213,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,R.I.P Mythbusters,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD
76561198119618573,Recommended,299360,16413980,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Crow,This game is awsome for builders and attackers You can defend you base while your team is on the offencive side you can enjoy the blocky view of a minecraft styled Call of duty combat game full of excitment and joy!
,Recommended,299360,15677431,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,RUDGE,"FUN AS HECK, many war games have a cartoon fell, and many war games are grided and measured. But this combination with its humor and gameplay should be as popular as any other fps."
76561198048736247,Recommended,299360,15675165,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Soft & Lilly,The best Block shooter out there.
76561198158232206,Recommended,299360,15675925,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Robbie Rotten,Its Fun Pretty Well Balanced Maybe A Little Smaller Explode Radius For Big Bomb And Doc's Explosions
76561198142951128,Recommended,299360,15676146,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MagicMark119,I love this game its like the gamemode in Call of Duty search and destroy
,Recommended,299360,15676843,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Smokey_Bong_Hits,its like TF2 and Minecraft
76561198032365977,Recommended,299360,15676882,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,greenfalcon44,"I'm addicted to how fun it is. I lose most of the time, but it's fun.You learn different strategies to do, and the game play isn't a grind. Just played the free version, but I'm getting the game, just because each character has different abilities and play styles. I highly recommend.You may find that people quit when your team starts losing. It's ok, if you're good enough, you might still win. I just have fun playing regardless. btw, mines are awesome, and if tunneling in doesn't work, building a high pathway in the sky that drops in the other person base might. It's a one way ticket in."
76561198080286902,Recommended,299360,15676932,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Dota Jew,Block n load is loads of fun. You can win any way u want no game is the same
,Recommended,299360,15677140,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Debonair_Flintt,"This is coming from someone who has only played over the free weekend but I assure you in time I will have purchased this quite enjoyable game!In a nutshell, think Minecraft and Team Fortress 2 blended in the best ways possible.Though there are still a few class balance issues and not that much variety in maps as of yet, the level of map customization and the overall FEEL of the game is wonderful.So I very much recommend this game and hope to see it progress and evolve further!"
76561198064892315,Recommended,299360,15666030,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LarsLoop,I have been playing this game for a couple hours and I can say this game is worth your money. This game has strategy mixed with fast paced action. This game gives you ample amount of time to set up your base and matches can be really strategic unless you get a team of potatos then the game can get really bad. If you have friends who are going to get this game tell them to get it this game is much more fun with friends because in normal lobbies your team will sometimes just sit in spawn or just troll you. If you liked ace of spades you will fall in love with this game.
,Recommended,299360,15669540,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Zoratox,"Never wrote a review before but I foudn about this game from playing RuneScape and when I started to play Block N' Load I couldn't stop! I recommand this game to anyone that likes FPS games.I hope the developers will keep release constant updates for this game like new Heroes, skins, maps, guns and more.I wish they also release map editor.Rating 12/10"
,Recommended,299360,15670343,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✩ IEatSnitchForBreakfast! ✩,At first this game didn't seem to great because i thought i only had a drill to combat with. This was because the game did not tell me clearly enough how to get my combat weapon out! other than this the game is superb and i'm buying this and recording for my youtube!!!www.youtube.com/user/MrRoscoGames
,Recommended,299360,30062849,Posted: 20 February,all,SPUDERMAN | Pvpro.com,"For me,this is best free to play game.Its fun and addictive."
,Recommended,299360,18291237,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[thijmen] Marimo,"i like it, but i payed for this -.- bruh..."
,Recommended,299360,15677774,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sudo Bash,"Great Monivational Game play, Takes little time to get used to; May be considered like ""Minecraft"" But in all honesty its Really different.-Great Gameplay-Monivating-Unique Game-Friendly Employees-Great CommunityWould Recomend 9.5/10"
76561198144915309,Recommended,299360,18298511,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Nutz,"Now, I am a block n load veteren, i have played ever since it was released. One of the things that bugs me with f2p is the fact it dosen't give you everything, i payed I think 20$ well now ou have to buy EVERYTHING it's a good game but i think the devs have gotten a little greedy. 20$ and not even able to play the new characters, i am disapointed bnl disapointed"
76561198088453901,Recommended,299360,14266279,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Xx_DiddyDuckling_xX ʕ•ᴥ•,"Amazing game, a few bugs BUT it is in beta! Prepere to die... alot!"
76561198038557624,Recommended,299360,15896880,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Joe,PotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotatoPotato 10/10 Potato again
76561198137198828,Recommended,299360,15739978,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The Bernie Coup,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,299360,15673792,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Razor-Rich,Excellent fun :D
,Recommended,299360,15673988,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Baysyde,Crazy amounts of fun!  Minecraft meets COD.
,Recommended,299360,15724244,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Skippy,"A great game, however it feels a bit pricey to me. This game would be AMAZING with steam workshop support."
,Recommended,299360,14924175,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Noxitrali,"Please listen to my review. I understand that many people are upset at Jagex for their past mistakes. Every company is going to make mistakes, some more than others, But the main point here is that we are all human so is Jagex. So of course they are going to have made mistakes. Block N' Load is a revamp of Ace of Spades and it is perfect. It is so much better than Ace of Spades. The graphics are awesome, the gameplay is awesome, and the Devs actually read your posts and reply to them. I know many people complain that the game costs 20$, BUT IT IS SO WORTH IT AND ITS NOT A PAY TO WIN GAME! TL;DR BUY THIS GAME, YOU WONT REGRET IT!"
76561198119549391,Recommended,299360,15670207,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,White_Fighter_PVP,this game is amazing beacuse addictive amazing graphics sexy
,Recommended,299360,16440872,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ur moms dad,"Awesome game, love it!"
,Recommended,299360,15677395,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Overly Aggressive Mantis Shrimp,"This game mixes your creative side with your destructive side, and does it in style.I don't recommend running in guns blazing, neither do I recommend camping like that one dude who throws urine at his opponents and slices them up with a Kukri. (seriously, that dude is insane!)If you want to win, you must combine offense with defense, give the enemies pressure while setting up traps and defense to negate some of the pressure that the enemies themselves are giving you. Each hero has a slew of slick tricks and guns in order to keep every other hero on their toes, and if you slip in the slightest; you will regret it dearly. Know when to apply pressure, and retreat to defend against enemy pressure, as this will be an extremely valuable asset to you AND your team on the battlefield.You will see quickly that your pretty N' pristine base that you once thought was indestructible, was quickly destroyed by rockets, mortars, and extreme carnage. Working together in this game is essential, stray away from your team and expect to get blasted by a group and/or whole team of enemies VERY easily. Voice-chat will aid extremely well when working together, and will be similarly good if not better than the teamwork shown within the hero's trailers. Coordination is key!Moral of the Story: You will most likely get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked when you first play, but after the first five matches, you begin to kick♥♥♥♥♥of your own, eventually becoming a very good player and learning the maps, tactics, and strategies in order to win the match(es).So what are you waiting for? GET IN THERE BLOCKHEAD!"
,Recommended,299360,15675773,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sheep,"Wait, wait, are you saying that this game is a mixture of Minecraft and Team Fortress 2?....................I found my wallet, now what."
76561198060196560,Recommended,299360,13934771,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[OG] Soul,If u try it u will like it This is a famous quote.
,Recommended,299360,15967726,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mr.Criminalヅ,"wow i just was this game look like minecraft and tf2 ..and then i played this i just WOOOW this game is great c:Nice rank and nice characterslove Juan because he is has the sword and ninja skillsnigel is hard to play ... Or its just me ... helpforget that let just why i love this game+U can make blocks and delete them 10/10+U can not get banned for greifing Blocks  THAT COOL+ Minecraft Kid  = U WILL GET BANNED FOR THAT U DID ADMIN ADMIN OWNER OWNER BLA BLAH LOOK WHAT HE DID  Me = this is not minecraft ...yep that happens to me .... when i played it ...+Defendig the cube whit other people if noobz take wrong block on the cube u guys are so losing ..+DONT EVER ATTACK YOUR CUBE ....Here its the some is not GOOD FOR THIS GAME-people leaving for raging,school,food and friends .-why have this game friendly fire  that stupid cant we not take the friendly fire  on the rank because cs go ....-WHY HAVE THIS GAME NOT A THE JACKET COSTUME ... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥... i want that ;c be fast-i leaved the game for food dont blame meOkay thx for reading this  I WILL GO ON THE TOILET AND TAKE A♥♥♥♥♥♥just kidding or its true 0,0"
76561198134332656,Recommended,299360,15792396,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Liam17245,AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299360,16066397,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Matrix_,11/10perfect strategy and shoot em' up game.not a lot of trolls now. only 1 so far with me playing this game (put caltrops in front of our base)
,Recommended,299360,16785836,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,P2RDiK,"Really fun game to play, I definately recommend it. There is no need for a full game, one of the best toons is also available for free. So if you like Minecraft with a notch of PvP, just dig into this game. Fast-Paced, Fun, Teamwork, Friends. Join today!"
,Recommended,299360,16814984,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tigger,"Great Game, Gets rather annoying that they didn't remove a gamemoe from the homepage!!! Also i have alot of fun on this game and is especially more fun whilst playing with friends. If you have any (LEWIS)."
76561198091156302,Recommended,299360,13787313,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,www.twitch.tv/wronnocgaming,i do recomend
,Recommended,299360,14172678,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DoritoHorse,Its a really great game 10/10
76561198165753345,Recommended,299360,18393294,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Waddle,wait i paid for it did i have to?
,Recommended,299360,18416724,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,®agequit,"""Free to play""...Oh god. First TF2 , now THIS...Wasted meh money"
76561198131205757,Recommended,299360,19167193,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,✪ Gummy hellcase.com,it sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198131734280,Recommended,299360,29808165,Posted: 9 February,all,CAT,god game i like it
76561198077337646,Recommended,299360,18287022,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TrixxTa,"Well... I played this game before it's F2P days and it was fun. The Oceanic servers died quickly sadly, but the american servers were still kicking and I could handle the lag.BUT! The day the F2P update came out, was the day I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself... I saw this and saw the buyable in-game currency and nearly died. But to my delight the buyable currency was only for skins in-game which benedit you in no way.Only downfall now is, they removed the Oceanic servers completely (Which I still don't mind) and EVERY NEW GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYER IS TONY!I played a game with one other ""veteran"" and 3 noob, F2P Tony's. Thought it was gonna be a bad day BUT WE STILL PUSHED THROUGH AND WON!"
,Recommended,299360,15724467,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,plump,oceania servers gg 10/10
76561198128933940,Recommended,299360,15729331,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Sandiame,really good fun!
76561198092305998,Recommended,299360,15731402,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Wilbertius,"This Game is fun and challenging and I hope more maps are to come. Hard to Master, Hard to Play but easy to Have fun"
,Recommended,299360,15729368,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Liquid.Darknez,a solid 10/10 -Bryan
76561198186668839,Recommended,299360,15732084,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PATRICK_MTL2,"Sure, overpriced but the game is sooo damn addicting!ProsNot a pay to winYou can actually winNice communityConsBlocks"
,Recommended,299360,15724051,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,hammot,"a fun game , a game which is tf2 and minecraft combined.9/10"
,Not Recommended,299360,20935493,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DaRoflDoflZz,"I bought this game. I played it. It was like ace of spades in worse. It´s f2p now and they introduced payed content. Don´t play this bs ,"
76561198128627840,Recommended,299360,16366263,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MinceManMicheal,awesoner
76561198180350673,Recommended,299360,16364263,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Brandon,fun
,Recommended,299360,15667227,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Clementine,Recommend for buy this game is addict and soon they will put rank system!!!! and the price is good
,Recommended,299360,19018298,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SecretDoctor,I like this.
,Not Recommended,299360,20136231,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Master Baiter,♥♥♥♥ you i payed cold hard cash for this game now its ♥♥♥♥ing free?????? fuc* you guys
76561198139975067,Recommended,299360,18967590,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Goten,this game is minecraft and call of duty
76561198024091804,Recommended,299360,14399150,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,3.141592653589793238462643383279,9/11 best waiting game of the yearBlock n Wait
,Recommended,299360,22976999,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dapper Dirtsmacker,"Overall great game although I did buy it before it was free to play and all you get is a skin and the hero's that weren't in the original game (astrella,samson,etc).I would have liked to have all of the hero's that you either have to play 9000 games or pay 20 dollars each"
76561198073468291,Not Recommended,299360,19514306,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,kjm99,"Paid for the game, now it's free to play. Fun but literally nothing for buying the game"
,Recommended,299360,14569285,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,T.w²│King0fgames ツ,"Great game! Love the devs, and how they listen to the community."
,Recommended,299360,18303700,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Badazga,"When the Game startet in early 2015 I loved it! It was a great and ballanced game.But there was only one problem....the game had no players becouse it was 40 euros.Luckely the game went f2p and there are thousands of players!!But I bought the game for 40euros and I doesent even got an special reward for that. No, the dlcs from back then doesent even exist and all my progress has lost, it feels like a new game plus there are microtransactionsBut without that I still love the game!"
76561198040363715,Recommended,299360,16401952,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BOSS123,awesome game SO MUCH FUN! WORTH EVERY PENNY MUST BUY
,Recommended,299360,15691014,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sad Keanu,"Looks like a childish game at a firts glance or looks like a colorful disaster for who comes from testing various game mashupsuch as AOS or any similar guns+blocks. But when you start to geta hands of things, you begin to see through it's nonchalance mask and  start to grasp the essence which is not about guns, but about using the environment.And that's when you begin tunneling, flying, planting bombs, traps, and most of all digging into traps or into the underlying ocean.All of this when you have a murderous mob trying to kill you and at the start they will succeed.Caution: you will swear,a lot"
,Recommended,299360,15432308,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rhinestone Eyes,This game is alright.. ive had it for 3 or 4 weeks and still only played 1 match.. considering a refund....
,Recommended,299360,30177349,Posted: 25 February,all,F L U M M O X,"Now I know I haven't played many hours but!I will say that this game is good!But!Not super good!If you like Minecraft and TF2 Then this game is definitely for you!But!I really am not a fan of Minecraft but I am a big fan of TF2!So...I dont know, You decide if this game is for you or not!I can't tell you what you want to play!"
,Recommended,299360,13629707,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KoTr~b54e,Love this game where would i be without it ♥
,Recommended,299360,29867164,Posted: 12 February,all,memelord,"it's fun,but cant find a match on asia server.could be dead?"
,Recommended,299360,25775482,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,JaredC,I liek Pu$$y
,Not Recommended,299360,29534366,Posted: 27 January,all,HydroQuarintine,the game has a good concept but i cant recommend itwhy?-bad hitboxes-ppl just dig there way to the cube than put a bunch of hard to break blocks around em and start meleeing the cube-damage range for melee is broken-the only games i can get into are games that are inprogress and its a geranteed loss-take 30 minutes to get into a new game-some characters are overpowering-teslas are instant kills-some games you will lag alot-salty players that call you noob when obviously you have more kills than them-broken anticheat-some pay to win elements (you can only change blocks with real money)5/10
76561198297304397,Recommended,299360,29980916,Posted: 17 February,all,Maxpicious | TF2 Amino,I recomennd it
76561198009422532,Recommended,299360,19549514,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[TFA] TIN,BEST
,Recommended,299360,15841756,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,K_4_Kanuck,"This game's gameplay is outstanding,  with the variety of each class. Chess/{Lol} Defensive/Offensive strategy. Althoguh its quiet hefty in what it needs to run the game. Great Game!     although i don't recommend to laptop users."
,Not Recommended,299360,31947494,Posted: 25 May,all,NoName,It's a decent game but...Pros:-Got a teamplay aspect-Many classes-FREECons:I paid for it and what did I get a free game later.I mean they could give me something right like a skin or something.BUT NO...(it's still good)
,Recommended,299360,29930594,Posted: 14 February,all,TetraCatt,I give it a 7/10 cuz of many bugs. L0L
,Recommended,299360,16628184,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Stratty,Free2Win.
76561198159133962,Not Recommended,299360,17156598,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,mustangboy7905,"dont get it when in start a match or join one all i can see is my hud and the rest is a dark blue, my charicter can walk and jump but i cant see , when  i die every thing shows up, but then when i respawn it comes back."
,Not Recommended,299360,13478232,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,=PP= 419,"Pro's :It's an updated/expanded Ace of Spades which was a good game.I got the beta for free from the site.Con's :If you bought Ace of Spades on Steam when it came out you're basically being charged again to play a similar game, here's betting that Ace of Spades receives no/few updates from now on.It costs a lot for a beta (£22.99), another game where the developers are charging us for the privilege of beta testing the game for them.Few maps, but hey it is a beta.Classes need serious balancing, but hey it's still a beta.Random FPS drops, again an issue I hope is resolved out of beta.Servers seem to be buggy, the wall often takes a while to come down after the timer expires same with having to wait a while when the timer expires in the lobby.Other thoughts :The style of the logo looks a lot like the Ace of Spades logo, I know it's not exactly the same but some originality wouldn't go amiss.Before you buy this give OpenSpades a go :https://sites.google.com/a/yvt.jp/openspades/1v1 me Al Kharid."
76561198042559301,Not Recommended,299360,23119727,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TrippleZero,I want a refund. Because I actually paid for it.
76561197991276117,Not Recommended,299360,16000014,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zalamael,"This is a fun game for a couple of hours, but ultimately the playerbase is really bad.  They are lacking in skill and intelligence, and most of them just want to run around fragging other players instead of reacting to the objectives.  This results in a lot of really poor quality matches.If you have friends to play with, I would recommend it, when both teams are playing to win, it is a lot of fun.  But like so many other games, casual mode is dragged down by morons.  Ranked play is available, but it only opens up once you hit level 20 (I have yet to test it though, not there yet)."
,Not Recommended,299360,24473476,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FERNANDO,96% of my time was spent in the beta.Then they nerfed Juan's movement abilities to the point of being useless.  No more slinging across the map in the span of 10 seconds if you don't accidentley splat yourself.The netcode never got better either.  Have fun with people popping around in short bursts.Also lol that F2P model.
,Not Recommended,299360,29725434,Posted: 5 February,all,CDO Kamsteel,11/10 ♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,299360,16689095,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Aerospacespark,All you do is sit there while the other team gets a good defense and  shrekt's  your cube 0/10 I got chat banned  for saying hi In chat  don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥big waste of money time.
,Recommended,299360,13383945,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,SonicFlare,Actually quite fun game.
76561198168107595,Not Recommended,299360,16143253,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Perfection,"I'll change my review once these issues have been addressed:1. Better security. Too much people using aimbots/hacks which makes the game unfun2. Champion balancing. Some champions are just too OP while others are useless.3. More harsh leaver penalty. It's no fun having games where people leave 2 minutes in just because they feel like it.Edit: To the people claiming there's no hackers, there's a group running around using speedhack on OP, the fact that they can outrun my team's OP in a straight line without any teleport makes it ridiculous. It honestly takes the fun out of the game with people cheating."
76561198182132035,Recommended,299360,15643072,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,kmbud72,its a awesome game
,Recommended,299360,15675852,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sportsquid,Got gassed by george bush and adolf hitler. 11/10 would get killed by world leaders again.
76561198102686745,Not Recommended,299360,16474339,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,✅,Not realistic game i dont recommend this game this game is just lose of money
76561198128426698,Not Recommended,299360,21378609,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rico Mendoza,I'm just salty cuz i spent money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its free.
,Recommended,299360,15655209,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,funee534,very fan game
76561198082410662,Not Recommended,299360,18561384,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Master-Jedi,so mad i bought it last summer now its free !
76561198062133291,Not Recommended,299360,18035428,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DoNT Slap ME i want sleep,no people this game
76561198207697159,Not Recommended,299360,18089078,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,epikhammr,THIS GAME IS SUPER FUN!!!!!!!!!! BUT I HAD TROUBLES FINDING GAMES TO PLAY IN PLZZ DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY.
,Recommended,299360,15655211,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,YouTube/Kire667,Free trial? Unlock a Runescape outfit just for taking part in 5 games? Hell yeah!
76561198300799730,Not Recommended,299360,29503092,Posted: 26 January,all,R8 guy,didnt keep me along for he ride i had the stuff to play but lagged like crazy
76561198090743532,Not Recommended,299360,19784848,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,scoops,"The hours I have in this game were almost all fun. Unfortunately the ones that wern't were all recent. It steadily got worse as they kept introducing and balancing the classes AFTER it came out of beta (something the beta phase is for imo).Also the last time I logged in I found it is now F2P meaning the already hit or miss community will now be completely contaminated.No point. Logged out. Uninstalled.Bye bye Block'N'Load you beautiful POS.EDIT: As F2P there is no risk in giving it a go. It is a unique take on FPS and block building games and I'm sure you can still find a balanced game now and again. It's just that the way the devs are changing it makes it a lot less likely that in should be. And as somebody who paid for the title, I am not happy. In games where you can choose between earning gold in-game or buying it with real money to unlock characters and skins, I always choose in-game unlocking so it doesn't matter to me that I have all the characters. I wouldn't have spent real money on them anyway, so I paid for a game that is now free and had the choice of spending time playing to unlock taken away from me by the devs. F**K em."
76561198070871941,Not Recommended,299360,18464052,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,SirFapalot,so i paid to play and now it's free.... nice
76561198164633185,Not Recommended,299360,23422399,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,freddietboyd,i spent moeny on this game and now you put it out for free i want my moeny back
76561198161413349,Not Recommended,299360,29880507,Posted: 12 February,all,Talaras,Why did I intall this...just why
76561198088516635,Not Recommended,299360,21569430,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Doggo Dynasty,Bought this game for 15 bucks then it turns free to play? Seems like a slap in the face to people who bought the game.
,Not Recommended,299360,15706186,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,FEARMYLA2ERFACE,it is not worth the money
76561198023405360,Not Recommended,299360,18549797,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DrunkenHatter,Play Cogwheel and you win. That is this game.
76561198066788697,Recommended,299360,19491053,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Weltlek,Best game! Has Playerbase Problems. Needs fixed
,Recommended,299360,16421929,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,⛧ FNC Danium @autism,"Sooo nice game, but we need more guys to play it."
,Recommended,299360,16287634,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,drohrig,great game
,Not Recommended,299360,18135481,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Malo,"Well, well. I've played this game from the start to the end ( yes the game has ended) and i must say that this game isss....*cough*..cough....was....  actually really good! The classes are fun to play the gameplay itself is somewhat unique but......ah. The same thing that happened to  Ace of Spades. The game was really good at the beggining but the developers get really greedy for money blah blah you've heard the story already, but its true. You cant expect to play this game by yourself AND HAVE FUN at the same time. If you have a team of 5 people that sure go ahead and have fun. By today something like 1.5 K people play this game ( im just guessing) so waiting for a 15 minute game takes 5 minutes. Terrible. Was awesome, is bad."
,Not Recommended,299360,18688272,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,shiroito,♥♥♥♥♥game stole my money
,Not Recommended,299360,18091223,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Filip rasa JJ,i dislike this game its too boring and a only a few people played it
,Not Recommended,299360,16444185,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HaugeN,If you like getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is the game for you
76561198050945570,Not Recommended,299360,16452942,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ZiggyThePsycho,Game for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ !!
,Recommended,299360,15675971,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Entfernung,ok
76561198119739546,Recommended,299360,15677724,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheIronWarrior,"It is a fun game. A mix of building, fighting, and destroying. You need to use your brain too. I fell for a couple of traps."
,Not Recommended,299360,23533032,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TheBIgBananana,Game is dead dont download it tacks forever to find a game and just so you know i brout this game. its fun just it's to hard to find a game
,Not Recommended,299360,22414805,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sakhado,Eeeaahhhhh....
,Not Recommended,299360,16381085,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Demias,"Had fun playing minecraft x strategy teamfortress with all my friends, had a very long and close match against another group that lasted a long time. Was a victory to cheer for-Edit- Actually bought the game now since I had played the free weekend months ago only to be met with a horrible matchmaking system of horrible proportions. All my friends and I almost new players under level 6 fighting new guys with very strong abilities and most importantly players of level 50-86 only to fight against. I'm very dissapointed."
76561198168223109,Recommended,299360,18294286,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RAFTube,i bought this game wtf
,Recommended,299360,15585947,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mr. Weaver,"I love this game, but the game volume stopped working on my computer completely for no reason and I can't find any solution to it. Please fix"
76561198205518388,Recommended,299360,16005344,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Tinkerer,Team Fortress 2 + Minecraft x epic = BLOCK N LOADi have had some problems but its SUPER (man) funcogwheel is best
76561198033485444,Not Recommended,299360,17718596,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Timo Salterson,Few players ...
76561198222498624,Recommended,299360,30244789,Posted: 28 February,all,JTGAMING,ITS AMAZING... but laggy.
76561198192373319,Recommended,299360,29857027,Posted: 11 February,all,benyeliminator,great
76561198065581117,Not Recommended,299360,17293368,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,StompOnYourFace!!!!,this game's concept was good its like tf2 + minecraft but they screwed it up with the lving sytem when u lv up a class its get a thing that afects gameplay wich is why i deem dis game on fair
,Not Recommended,299360,17267322,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Painfulsliver,"worst game ever, dont buy this game, hitler made this game."
76561198043796780,Recommended,299360,15732308,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Coyote,Incredibly fun game! Team Fortress 2 meets Minecraft! Very refreshing for those who love Team Fortress 2
,Recommended,299360,18660031,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ɗяαgση Ƙηιgнт,"Its really fun and i can see this game maybe going up against tf2 one day, more funwuth friends!"
,Not Recommended,299360,18375793,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,-Alien-,"This game was great. It was fun, it had well balanced gameplay and was generally an all round decent game. Notice how I kept putting the word WAS back there? Yeah, now I've seen steamy turds that look more appealing than this game.Basically right, the idea of a sale of goods boils down to 3 things. a) as described, b) of satisfactory quality and c) fit for purpose. Fair enough, that did happen at one point back when first released. However b and c are now seriously lacking and this once shiny game has now become more like a rabid dog with a bi polar personality disorder. One minute it wants to play and have fun (when the queue system works), the next it wants to bite your arm off and kill you (when it puts you with the team with a combined IQ of 103). To be honest, the game actually makes me want to puke its now that bad, then given the choice between eating the puke or playing this game, i'd pick the puke every time.Lets go into a bit of detail about how it is messed up: the matching system is now atrocious, the perks can make players overpowered, the queueing system is a joke where people constantly decline and no game ever takes place. Whats even worse is everyone who purchased the game got so badly butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they all need to go buy some cream to ease the pain since we got a bunch of SKINS for it! Seriously? Skins guys? Also not to mention the amount of completely idiotic players now playing. I saw one player who thought he could shoot his rocket launcher through the blocks he was stood RIGHT NEXT TO (which took 1/3 of his health), because the radar picked up another player 30 blocks away from him (not much can be said really about these types of players - BUT THE GAME IS FULL OF THEM!). A game goes now one of two ways: you're stood around in your base like a clown defending nothing because you have a decent team OR you're getting ♥♥♥♥ed over by every enemy on the opposite team because your team mates are herp derping firing rockets into walls whilst they're stood next to them!All this, my fatal errored Jagex developer 'friends' is not good marketing. Infact I am tempted to uninstall the game and burn my hard drive, then throw it into the sea, where hopefully it will be eaten by a whale or a shark (called Fergal).All in all it was a 9/10 and now its a 1/10. May it rust in acidic peace inside Fergal."
,Not Recommended,299360,25772484,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Therr,"Fun build and defend team based fps game, with a lot to offer, with its manydifferent types of playstyles and characters,  and maps. Takes a lot of knowledgeabout gameplay and its characters to play fully.Teams can aggravating to play with, some may be incompetent or directly harming,griefing or new players not knowing proper strategy, and or lagging beyond being ofany help. Lag can destroy anyone's game except it may help melee characters forthey strike things in a frontal cone and this can change one's game a lot.The large skill ceiling due to the variety and complexity of this game is a great deterrentto simple fun, and more characters and maps make this even worse. Expect to die withoutreally knowing why or losing easily due to dominant strategies or a single better player.Expect little fun to be had while starting out playing this game and slight fun when youbecome somewhat competant at it.Not worth the time and effort one will put into this game."
,Not Recommended,299360,19690657,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,memelord420,25 dollars. a week later it went free and no one even plays not worth
,Not Recommended,299360,16425645,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Victorious,"Block N' Load is, in it's most basic form, a mix of Minecraft and Team Fortress 2 - a valiant idea, but executed poorly.The issue with Block N' Load is that it's incredibly fast paced with 5v5 matches between selectable characters, one of those characters I'll talk about here; O.P. Juan Shinobi is, as his name implies, incredibly overpowered with a teleporting ability and a Katana that does ridiculous amounts of damage while at the same time, receiving little damage himself. Despite other people playing characters like 'Astie', who should, by logic and common sense, be more mobile, he is able to stay on top of them and in many cases, extend what the range of his katana should be, hitting people far away from him with his katana.It wouldn't be so bad, if it wasn't for the fact that multiple players can choose the same character. I gave Block N' Load a good amount of time, and some of it is fun and entertaining, but the vast majority of it is just unplayable and unenjoyable from a player's standpoint, the breaking point for me, was a game where I faced 5 'Juan Shinobi' characters at once. It was an awful experience to play against, and every game with more than 1 Juan on the enemy team has been incredibly unenjoyable.A few other gripes;The game is so fast paced that it's difficult to actually figure out what the hell is going on. The tutorial is very poor and doesn't educate you on what you should actually be doing. You have a very small amount of time to choose your character, what blocks they'll take and then figure out what their abilities are, and then you jump right in.I'm going to try and give this game another try, up to at least 6 hours of played time, but for now, I'm going with a 'No'."
,Not Recommended,299360,19797406,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Biohazard1000,This game used to be good.  The only way I can describe it is that every 'Hero' is overpowered in their own way and can break the game.
76561198216799460,Not Recommended,299360,16506954,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Unsworth12345,Im unlucky enough not to have got the refund in time i did not like this at all
,Not Recommended,299360,19202028,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Larry Hoover,WHERE IS MY MONEY. B*TCH ????!!!!
76561198044568871,Not Recommended,299360,16506467,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,My Skills Pay The Bills,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198196709195,Not Recommended,299360,19109277,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,the real one,it is bad game 0/10
,Not Recommended,299360,34263788,Posted: 15 August,all,{SLAM} The_Free_Gam3r,real♥♥♥♥♥♥0 matchmaking evrywon play like noob nobody play hes roleyou everytime alone when you want to defendedo not play this game he deserve to go in hell like he's community
,Recommended,299360,16518983,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Harp907,One the best shooters I have ever played to be honest. Its a lot of fun and so many things change every map no game is the same.
76561198062611617,Not Recommended,299360,33914691,Posted: 30 July,all,ORIAX,"If you're into walking simulators, buy DayZ. If you're into destroying everything you love and becoming this black hole of hate, play Dark Souls. If you're into sitting in a lobby by yourself, on the only server a company has for the sole individual such as yourself, download this sweet lobby simulator!"
,Not Recommended,299360,19005943,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jack Reaver,Every time I see a game I paid for go F2P I get flashbacks to Defiance.A giant MMO that went free to play and never gave me any content to replace the cash I put in.There of course was content (that could be earned normally) from Block N Load.Still doesn't make me hate swapping from paid to free any less.
,Not Recommended,299360,26467904,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Сысоев Игорь,"игра отличная, но к сожалению уже мертва, потому что разработчики тупые ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥сы все запоролибета была лучше всего с удоволствием бы вернул ее, тащемта и все мои часы там были наиграныф2п решение было худшим."
76561198167792730,Not Recommended,299360,26191050,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JackaboyQQ,wow i bought this game for 24 bucks and now its free this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,299360,15914526,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,GoldSkiez,10/10 IGNBest game everYou can blockYou can load
76561198054578644,Not Recommended,299360,13640993,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,☞ Sisiw,"its a good game to play. you need strategy to win.the biggest problem is there are no asian server for this game.i have 20mbps internet speed and still my ping for this game is 400(ping)ping is important in every game, you cant win if you lag too much.for south east asia players dont buy this yet.  server sucks."
,Recommended,299360,14066200,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Pengii,"I just dug through towards the enemy's control point, blocked myself in with sandbags, then kept attacking it while they were panicking around and randomly digging blocks to find me."
,Recommended,299360,13397311,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Deeno,This game is a fun game to play with friends. You are able to make a plan and stuff with them. But if you dont have friends i would still consider buying. Over all this is a good game with some bugs that will need working out.
,Not Recommended,299360,31615769,Posted: 7 May,all,Broken Icecream Machine,"After buying this game for both me and a friend, there is no way I can possibly reccomend it.Pros:Toybox-likeFunnyOriginalGood game mechanicsBalanced systemFunctionally goodEctCons:Announcer can get annoying very quicklyYou have to wait for all players to load in before you can startMany of the original skins from when the game was pay to play are no longer attainableWent free to play without any warning (I honestly don't care about having a reward for purchasing it before hand, I just would rather it not have turned into F2P)Many skins are hit or miss, which is a new modern trend which I despise.You wore good block n load, real good. Maybe even one of the best, but you still suck."
,Not Recommended,299360,25558215,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,FrieRen,It would be fun if the game would let me play. Ive played before now suddenly i cant play. Fix your damn game and give a more helpful message of why i cant fckn play
,Recommended,299360,15655903,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,JOHNYFIVE,"I absolutley love this game. I love Team Fortess Classic when it came out around 1999. This game brings me back to my childhood, I dont care much for TF2 but this game is like  Minecraft and Team fortress and another game with its own twist.I like this more than GTA5 right now. Great job guys!  Will be buying for sure!"
,Not Recommended,299360,16724124,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rickk,Waste of money!!
,Not Recommended,299360,18369625,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,☠☣ redrum ☣☠,"I bought the game, now it's F2P. I payed for what??"
,Not Recommended,299360,18287318,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ShnizelInBag,"Bought the game,Some months later got email that the game now free!PLEASE REFUND!"
76561198112607461,Not Recommended,299360,18295554,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Thrawn,Okay so this is F2P now??? i wan me a refund to spen on something decent. (no offence to devs but why did you make it f2p? why????) i had to go out and spen 9 pound on this. Otherwise great gaem and solid mix betwen TF2 and the minecraft element.
76561198072661475,Not Recommended,299360,18295344,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Andypandy1103,I PURCHASED This Game Early On and Now Whith the NEw F2P Relesed ANd those Who purchased it Have No Benifits.... I feel robbed
,Not Recommended,299360,13562224,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,STEINER,Ace of Cash GrabI bought this game once before I swear...Holds nothing new compared to ace of spades which was already a huge let down...
76561198144083613,Not Recommended,299360,15967205,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Frankie Wilde,I want too play the game let me play the game. all I done was leave some friendly games and i get put into the graveyard so essentially I got banned. when you get put into the graveyard you get put into a queue where you wait for 55 minutes to get into a game before giving up  I paid for the game let me play the game.http://postimg.org/image/btaq13c3v/b13d5bbf/
,Not Recommended,299360,22788982,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Subduco,"Jagex releases games and never fixes them, and leaves them broke forever and then steals your money and leaves to make another game to steal more of your money, leave it broken and rinses and repeats. Nobody likes a real life looser who never accomplishes anything and stays the course for the long run. Jagex is that real life game developer looser. Run away from anything Jagex."
,Not Recommended,299360,18282607,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cooper,I paid for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its free to play?♥♥♥♥ of you bunch of monkeys
,Not Recommended,299360,18284424,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NerdBudiezV1™ | kickback.com,Bought this about a month ago. Now it is ♥♥♥♥ing free. ♥♥♥♥ you Jagex.
,Not Recommended,299360,29928654,Posted: 14 February,all,ReAl GameR,BBOOOOOORRRRRIIIIINNNGGGGGG
,Not Recommended,299360,16827563,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Vampros,"** UPDATED**After playing through the tutorial, i get to the main screen and in the lower left an image of the characters and text telling me to buy the game?? seriously? notification in the game i bought to buy the game? them i get told i need to play a solo game inorder to be able to play in a multiplayer match.....ummm, ok, not like i had any other options as the other 2 game modes were grayed out....so i start a solo game, and a few minutes later nothing, just waiting in a que to have the game start....for a solo game....not a good start, not a good start at all.i will try the game again after a reinstall to see if the ""buy the game"" in a game i bought goes away and will report back later. But on this first impression? i can not recomend this game, it looks fun, but it's a no from me at this point.After trying the game again after a while there is more i need to tell, but first Husk, thanks for the comment and seeing if you can help with my experiance with this game.OK, so after coming back to this game after a while i tried it again and went throuth the tutorial again and got all the markers and then went and made sure i was signed up with the devs site and linked my game to them through the account section of the game. I did everything i could find out there to make this game go, then after this i went and started to look for a classic game....15 minutes later, nothing, so i started again, another 15 minutes and still no games.i changed my region to the US, and again the same thing! i tried the UK region....nothing! i ended up looking on steam spy, and even though ther are around 87,000 steam users who own the game, only about 100 - 200 people playing this game at any time.i tried for over 1 hour and using every server to try and find a match and nothing, i could not get one match in just over 1 hour!then i found there is a server browser, after looking in the make a game section of the match making...could have made it a bit easier to find there guys. then i tried all the regions again and looked for games to join, and i found 1 game in europe with 1 player.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE PEOPLE TO PLAY WITH AND ARE WILLING TO PLAY LOTS"
,Not Recommended,299360,18304106,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LordOfTheGuppys,Don't trust these guys. First they screwed up with ace of spades then they made a good game Block n load but ruined it by trying to get as much money out of you as they can. I paid for the full version of this game which was meant to include all heroes and now we have to pay for heroes. They changed the terms of what we have paid for once which means they are more than capable of doing it again. Don't give these guys your money unless you want to pay for gold and receive coal when your back is turned.
,Recommended,299360,15671840,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kazriel,"Not everyone will like this game but if you're into team based FPS and you want somthing light hearted, why not give this a try? however this game has the unfortunate problem of being compared to minecraft alot, which results in an... undesirable  community.  its very rare you find a full team willing to work together and communicate."
,Not Recommended,299360,15704115,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[TSG] AveySnarez,♥♥♥♥♥lol
,Recommended,299360,29883480,Posted: 12 February,all,Salpertia,its nice but....you guys really need to add a kick option for the players that dont understand english.It is ridiculously annoying when you beg the only brains to place health and ammo about 17 million times and to no avail they do not respond.Please add option to kick these noobs
76561198087462411,Not Recommended,299360,17896189,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Wogler,"I am very upset I threw away $20 on this game. It has ONE gamemode, which is rather boring after 15 games. The only reason that I still have this in my library is because I bought the game when it first came out because I didn't know that it would become ftp shortly. The gameplay is stale. Your entire team goes offense, and the new characters are stupid."
76561198226567912,Not Recommended,299360,15732542,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PowerFkUp!,"If you get upset on this game for messing up and being a newb, you will most likely get torn down by some probably CoD weaned tough-guy. Don't get me wrong, this is a good game, but expect to be feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥from time to time by getting a big internet back hand from this type of person. Community needs improvement."
76561198150798900,Recommended,299360,18294082,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,yamgarl,i want my mony back. bucaus it is now free to play
76561198238018982,Not Recommended,299360,25034704,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Memeorino,Dont buy. Go play tf2. ITs WAYYY better
,Recommended,299360,14663634,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TheEpicRookie,CULE
76561198276447336,Not Recommended,299360,29502968,Posted: 26 January,all,jsptee,this game will come a part when it stop for a long time i dunno what to do pls fix this bug
,Recommended,299360,30083275,Posted: 21 February,all,Dr. Namroud ElDoshka,BEST FREE GAME <3
76561198088840739,Not Recommended,299360,16500341,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Badcat118,this game is a great concept but the one problem with it is massive The only thing that craps this game over is that there is no team strategy so if you dont have a team of 4 all communicating together you will mostly always lose so you cant go solo to save you life. You WILL lose most of your games if you play solo take me for example ive won 4 games and lost 30 and thats insane so if you have a team of 4 that communicates and they dont just go off and do there own thing then great buy this game but if you dont DONT buy this game simple.
,Not Recommended,299360,16329359,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,troublemaker420,broken game
,Recommended,299360,29703720,Posted: 4 February,all,Keep Calm,muie muiemuie muie muie muie muie muie  muie muiemuie  muiemuie muie muie muie muie muie muie  muie
76561198149976937,Recommended,299360,18268869,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,scrub csgospeed.com,Paid $15 for it 3 months later is free 2 play.... refund pls?
76561198134426166,Not Recommended,299360,18268637,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,*Salt Squad*  Angel,"LOL ITs a garbige game i bought it well it was 15 $$ and now its free to play, think"
76561198068091937,Not Recommended,299360,16135293,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Josh,"Game is good fun, but the player base is shrinking fast and Jagex are doing little to increase it. Great fun game but a waste of money."
,Recommended,299360,15749879,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Toucanned 龍,"I tested this game during the weekend free games and it was awesomeI thought it would be like those other games like ""Ace of Spades"" or ""Brick Force"" but it better than those Minecraft look alikeI love Team Fortress 2 + Minecraft"
76561198097994533,Not Recommended,299360,18281948,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Travis Lowe The Potato,your own team just troll you and greif what you build so not very fun. on the other hand playing with a team of friends is awsome and realy fun so if you get this game make sure you have friends to play with if not i advise not getting this game.
76561198117094362,Not Recommended,299360,16422054,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[MONGO]planki das dreieck,It's soo bad
,Not Recommended,299360,15979867,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sneaxy,"Games is pretty neat and built pretty well, only reason I don't recommend it though is the long queue times? Does nobody play it anymore already? If there was others online that played it as well I could see it being a blast.."
,Not Recommended,299360,15635850,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[nM] - TesseracT,Over all it is a fun game.But at the moment It gets a little boring after a while at its current state i do not recomend it maybe future update will fix this problem but once you have spent more than 100 hours in the game all the maps get repetitive and this is also the case when new maps are released.But I do feel like if this game is handeld well it has the potentail to become good and esports for this game is a very possible thing.But like i said if you are one who gets bored of maps very easely then this game is not for you.
76561198010164452,Not Recommended,299360,18279928,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,WarpChicken,Bought it and after a while they made it freeWill never buy a Jagex game again when they just become free after awhile!
76561197970602884,Not Recommended,299360,24496782,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kurtz,"The game errible now. ever since it went free to play, they made everthing crap now. AND YOU HAVE TO BUY CHARCTERS. IN THE PAID VERSION YOU GOT THEM FREE. And you dont get any platuim or currency for owning the prenuim version berfore it went F2P. now the games crap. I do not recommend this game anymore."
,Recommended,299360,13413145,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,RevCat,ive played the beta and ive got to say im already loving this game! i love being the ninja (whos a bit OP IMO)  and killing everyone and getting the highest score and planting bombs and causing huge destruction to the enemy. This game has great co-operation and team work unlike ace of spades. this is a serious competetive game but also fun for more casual gamers for a light and silly fun experience. The destruction physics is awesome and blowing up huge holes in the map is fun. Hopefully Jagex won't ruin this game. right now I give it a 7/10 but for the full release i have hopes it will be a 10/10Suggestions: more maps and more gamemodesa cool gamemode would be onslaught mode where everyones on the same team and the co-op and build a base using all the characters special blocks and defende their base from endless swarm of AI enemies.
,Not Recommended,299360,29830539,Posted: 10 February,all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,pieco of laggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047588038,Not Recommended,299360,29621602,Posted: 31 January,all,diablotakahe,Won't let meh login
,Not Recommended,299360,29746533,Posted: 6 February,all,ＬＡＳＴ-_-,i can't play this  game ! this game ban my country ip :|i from iran :| i try with vpn .this game work !
76561197961254249,Not Recommended,299360,14149931,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,wknd,ehh
76561197968515654,Not Recommended,299360,15961384,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,pulp_friction,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,299360,16137085,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MasterBowmen,"there are no ranked games going on any more, by the way i have to wait over 5 mins to get in a match are there matches going on. playing casual you wont get a fair match"
76561198044027872,Not Recommended,299360,16092704,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,REVIVE ME,no one in australia plays this game it is useless if ur in australia
76561198124299253,Not Recommended,299360,18306126,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cheka,"game is fun but the devs are money ♥♥♥♥♥s who launched the game as F2P only so they could extort money from people who bought the game originally. Play the game but don't buy anything, don't support the devs."
,Not Recommended,299360,18306183,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sabi Jon,I PAID THIS GAME FOR 9 $ BUT .........NOW IT IS FREE.TO.PLAY!JUST GOT SCAMMED LOLZ......................8===D
,Not Recommended,299360,16022964,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Life Of Pie,its a game that you will buy but play a couple of times then get bored of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,299360,16065300,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PC Broken needs fixing (Marsh),"The graveyard policy makes this game not worth it. I have been put into the graveyard for just leaving. Yes I've read the Code Of Conduct but how long must you have to wait to get into a match so you can get out of graveyard? Don't buy this game unless if you want to be subjected to these rules. It's YOU'RE CHOICE if you want to leave a match, but putting that player who quit into the graveyard for god knows how long just to have you wait for a match. Buy this game when they remove this policy ( if they ever will ) But until then. DON'T BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,299360,23109026,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,{TWAT} Red,"Got this game in the early beta of it, it was an amazing game. Not to ballsy in game design, combined what i loved about other games of its kind into one big great game. Then came the fatefull release of the game, lost everything, lost my max level account (level 90) lost all my points, stats, everything. The game now is but a glimps of what it was back then, it has gotten over confident in what it does, and i dont think that is a good thing. All in all i dont reccomend this game to new players simply becasue of how far it has fallen from the once-good game."
,Not Recommended,299360,15999439,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,EVEREADY SALSA,Nobody even plays this.
,Not Recommended,299360,17719251,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RawrDickbutt,I bought the tag team pack and i can't give one to my friend! This ♥♥♥♥ing sucks!
76561198144774788,Not Recommended,299360,23904330,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shanghai Boone,Another decent fps falling in to the mobile trap of ftp how deppresing.
76561198019486080,Not Recommended,299360,29405416,Posted: 21 January,all,Nox Vigintis,I think this game is dead now. Damn...
76561198046218418,Not Recommended,299360,13410864,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,J'vous jure que s'pas une sect,"i'd love to play this game as it seems like a great game to play with friends... but once it says the menu has loaded to 100%, i get a black screen with the Beta Build ID in the bottom center of the screen.Specs:GTX 550 TiWindows XP (sweet :D)2GB of ram+1GB in graphics card"
,Not Recommended,299360,31238421,Posted: 19 April,all,V4RF,"Scam artists, they first get the game to 11$ they reach their money goal and then they make it free ♥♥♥♥ing morons, also gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,299360,17419908,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Trickstabber,This game is dead.-There are like 100 active players (or less).- It takes 10-20 Minutes to find a match.- You will see the same players over and over again cause the playerbase is nearly dead.- You have to switch the region to find players at night time.Even the developers gave up.- No patching- No bug fixing- Classes are unbalanced as hell.This game will eventually become free to play soon.
,Not Recommended,299360,15673607,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Reklawlee,"This game is pretty amazing, except for the fact that there is no good way to get started. The tutorial is the same map every time. It doesn't give u any explanation on how to use your characters abilities and weapons to the best way possible. This game just throws u in with any match open, which means u can get stuck fighting  a team of pros. Recommended but not recommended."
,Not Recommended,299360,15689624,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,nathansplanet,"Why is it that we paid £15.99 for the beta, but yet we now have to pay out for the full version? surely the beta testers should get a free upgrade? considering we did test the game for you?"
,Not Recommended,299360,16231465,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Spontaneous,"I would like to reqest a refund, this game seemed fun but when i entered the game it was too laggy.All of the games that i enter always had 999 ping. Sadly i bought this in december 2014 so i coulnt refund it. STEAM PLZ HELP"
,Not Recommended,299360,15644206,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Res,Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing trash
,Not Recommended,299360,18308657,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Questionable Ethics,"There are many different types of developer. The best one make a good game and are nice people, accepting critisism, fixing any problem you have with the game and are usally allway patient with you (Take BeamNG Drive (in my opinion))Some Developers are really nice, but make a bad game. They accept your critizism and fully accept that people may want a refund and go on to make a good game. Some developers are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and make a bad game, but we do not care about them.But one of the most♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developers I have ever seen are the develpers of Block and Load. 1st when the game was £12 They paid the Yoscast to play it to advertise it to a wide audience, a move I am fine with, I dont have a problem with sponsring youtubers. But once they got everone that would buy the game ot buy the game they made it ♥♥♥♥ING FREE TO PAY! I DID NOT ♥♥♥♥ING PAY £12 TO KICKSTART YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not only that, also if you pay, you dont got ANY of the stuff you have to pay for.This is quite a good game ruined by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that want to squeaze you for every ♥♥♥♥ing dime you have. Dont play this game, prove them wrong"
,Not Recommended,299360,18541195,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nandoah,"Bought it with my money, now it's free, no compensation."
76561198115355264,Not Recommended,299360,15686998,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,owerlord87,Can someone install and play it?? i get a black screen
,Not Recommended,299360,18305624,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Spanlang,bought if £15 goes free :/
76561198086900913,Not Recommended,299360,18290354,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Loyalist,This game ruined my leif. My friends paid $430.19 or whatever's the price. And the game became free. Like WHAT?!!!
,Not Recommended,299360,29502296,Posted: 26 January,all,Jimbles the straight white male,Garbage
,Not Recommended,299360,14737770,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Frosty,naw
76561198092345027,Not Recommended,299360,15808641,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,PlasmaticPi,"This has to be one of the worst games I have ever played. The controls are wonky as hell and move you aroud way too fast. Not to mention how the building mechanic set up takes forever and is hard to contrl too. After playing I understand why the previews had so many explosions and stuff. It is because no one would die because you couldn't aim properly even when standing still, causing everyone to shoot all over the place rather than at their target. And they penalize you for accidentally shooting your base or cube when you are trying to aim at the guy attacking it, which is next to impossible to do because they are constantly moving around the corner which is a big flaw. The bases and cubes should at least be put so they can only be attacked from on top so they have to fight the defeders for at least a little while, rather than having guys constantly rush. I will never play this game again and it is the worst money I have ever spent on steam."
76561198065869774,Not Recommended,299360,13885927,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lúcio,This game has no quit button unless you do ctrl+alt+delete and doc and ninja are op no idle kick
,Not Recommended,299360,18308307,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,✪ Stratte ♚,i spent money and now f2p wow great now gonna be a bunch of stuff to buy
,Not Recommended,299360,18286152,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,.҉  Reme✧,It went free to play....IT went free to play..... you know when you pay for a game and it goes free to play that's when you know it's a piece of ......
,Not Recommended,299360,30246708,Posted: 28 February,all,Edgy Whiteboy,I got this cos my friends PC is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but I was surprised! It was even worse than I thought...
76561198048007760,Not Recommended,299360,18281854,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cheesy Grandma,This game was
,Not Recommended,299360,24562836,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,im a lil pusseh,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game made it f2p because they are ready for it to die thats why you should never play a jagex game
76561198324277511,Not Recommended,299360,29786495,Posted: 8 February,all,Mr.kebab,sucks
,Not Recommended,299360,23636197,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mom are you proud?,"I BOUGHT this game before it was free, could've given me a refund or something. Its a knock off version of minecraft and roblox and I still can't believe I paid for this game."
,Recommended,299360,13384661,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BRUH CSGOBIG.COM,tHIS GAME iS so fuN. Me play AloT. CanT wAir to PrE OrdeR IT?
,Not Recommended,299360,29708760,Posted: 4 February,all,Tom Clancy,crapthis should be a mobile game not a pc game jesus
,Not Recommended,299360,17889762,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sir Francis Billard,Bad gameOverly badLess than badLess than less than badOver the limits of being badCrappy in generalKakorrhaphiophobicSupremely bad
76561198119595136,Not Recommended,299360,15632328,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,:amconfusion:,This game shouldn't have a penalty for not clicking join when given the option while looking for a match. I was waiting 40 seconds for a match so I decided to go and do something else for a minute and then I come back and I was banned for 15 minutes...REALLY! WHY! I DIDNT DO ANYTHING WRONG! WTF! Over all It is a great fantastic game I find it to be alot better then games like Ace of Spades and had alot fo fun playing maybe if this is removed I will change my review but until then I rate it a 6/10
,Not Recommended,299360,15625471,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[Wiskie],for kids. like minecraft kids.lame game
,Recommended,299360,24925665,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,◻◻,1. bought the game for like 10 dollars2. a week later the game becomes free3. me: well crap
,Recommended,299360,18387883,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,sal,"Pretty good F2P game. Like TF2 meets Minecraft meets League of Legends.PROS:- F2P- big playerbase- short load and queue times- pretty well balancedCONS:- players do low damage and people have a lot of health- maps can be really stalemate-y- some matches can last over an hour- FALL DAMAGE IS HORRIBLE- really though you can lose half your health falling 5-6 blocks, it's insaneoverall: 8/10"
,Recommended,299360,18388281,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ẞaռaռa_man,Bought the game 3 days before it became free to play 10/10 IGN would buy again.
,Not Recommended,299360,19209373,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,"The Rapper, Milquetoast",Heavily altered a good idea about manipulating your environment to be a death-tolling killzone into a quick 1 and done methodless rush gametype. The game's deathmatching doesn't feel meant for how it plays anymore when all it felt like it needed was some minor adjustments to balance to fix some annoying / pervasive hero mechanics as well as diversify certain aspects of heroes. Instead the core changes to map design and the lack of effective balance alterations as well as hard lockouts of certain features behind long walls of grinding make it sort of difficult to stomach.
76561198154653256,Recommended,299360,19168742,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Orophine77,this game is alot of fun try it just do it
,Recommended,299360,19086861,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,jasper,s'good
76561198042398656,Not Recommended,299360,18966975,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Skamper  Gunallen,Really micro transactions? Welp there goes another game down the pitch black darkness of modern gaming.
76561198019922379,Recommended,299360,18756035,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,HousesOfTheHoly,Game with strategic depth that is also fun for newcomersVery fun
,Not Recommended,299360,18735210,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,{PoD} AnnoyingTaco,I payed about $30 to get this game for a friend and I. When he finally installs it? It becomes F2P like the idiots at Jagex are. And 2 player parties? Stupid business choices lead to a downfall Jagex. You should have learnt that from Ace of Spades.Stick to Flash MMOs
,Not Recommended,299360,18885541,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Iron,"Block N' Load is a great concept and executed well.However, a low player-base and the inability to queue up with a full team, or seemingly anyone, completely destroys this experience. Block N' Load is a team based game where the player can choose one of a multitude of classes including Engineer, Soldier, Sniper, etc. The entire point of the game is to protect your base, represented by an energy cube, and simultaneously destroy the enemy's base. In addition to an FPS aspect, you can also mine and build defenses in block-form, as well as build things like turrets and traps, depending on your selected class. The best way to give people an idea of this game is imagine TF2 met Minecraft.This game was fun when I first purchased it several months ago, but the low-player count led the developers to make the game Free-to-play, which I personally wouldn't mind except for that fact that it doesn't appear I got any of the ""perks"" they promised to the players who actually paid for the title.In addition, the developers, likely in a desperate attempt to try to balance the game, limited the ability to queue up with your friends, allowing only 2 players to play together, as a 5-man-team would destroy any randoms with zero communication. This however doesn't even seem to work, as the last time I tried to play with a friend, solo-queueing was the only option available. This ""temporary"" implementation doesn't feel so temporary anymore.Unfortunately, Block N' Load had a lot more potential than it ultimately delivered. I thoroughly enjoyed the concept and technical possibilities of mounting attacks and defenses, which few games seem to offer nowadays, but the failure to maintain an active playerbase and the rocky transition to Free-To-Play as well as the queueing limits leads to me recommending you skip this one."
,Not Recommended,299360,15807867,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dayr,"I've put over 1200 hours into this game after buying it last May (when it wasn't free).As a veteran, I often queue up with veteran friends and I also join the solo queue from time to time. This isn't the kind of game that you will enjoy if you are playing solo. You will lose. A lot.I'd say only about 5 percent of the active playerbase actually knows what they are doing. It has always been this way. There are so many horrible players in this game and there is no separation between the good and the bad. The Matchmaking system, even after being updated, grows longer and less effective as you rank up.  If you only want to play solo, then don't even get the game. If you have friends or if you make friends in the game, then it's enjoyable.The game itself is fantastic, but it's consistently unbalanced in some way or fashion and it's missing the neccessary components to hold a decent retention rate."
76561198237831076,Recommended,299360,17092792,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ThatBlackGuy107,this game is extremely fun and time consuming if your bored this is perfect
,Recommended,299360,16951978,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DollUnit,"When you finally get to play, it's fun and incredibly addicting.  The biggest issue I have with it is that EVERY time I get into queue I'm sitting here waiting for between 3-9 mintues to find a game.  In fact, I'm writing this review while I wait...currently at 6:28.  It goes like this EVERY...SINGLE...TIME!  And then, when it finally finds a game, we wait for players to join, and 50% of the time one knucklehead won't join in time so we all get booted...to the BACK of the queue.  I sit and wait all over again.  I have to have another game open on the side to occupy my time while I wait to find a match (which may only last a min or two).But, if I'm going to review this based purley on gameplay then it's a thumbs up.  The characters are unique, with unique abilities, some need to be balanced better, but overall the gameplay is fun.  Levels are mostly good.  They've been updating regularily, adding characters and new levels.  It was definitly worth the sale price....Still waiting for my match tho, 8:38 and counting. *sigh*"
76561198060545428,Not Recommended,299360,17081862,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DarkJ001,great concept but when the game lags to much to even walk correctly on the lowest settings it is hard to like the game at all. Big mistake on spending my money on it. Sadly I could not refund it. 2/10
,Recommended,299360,17082207,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GeroX,"Game is very goo.. well it would be if it was more poplar than now. The queue wait times is simply too long, because no people are actually playing this game and if there are some people you already know him from the last match. Pretty much no new players are actually joining. However, playing this game is fun, there are some glitches now and then but it's minor..To sum up, i think its not a long time investment, you'll probably play for a week or so and then quit."
76561198038594556,Recommended,299360,15629200,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cairo [555],"This game is really fun!! :)It's fun because you can apply a lot of different tactics!it's well balanced.(1.4) The only down side is the low number of players. matchmaking takes therefore to long :(I play it together with my two kids, we love it :)Below is my first review, above you can read my updated review :)----------------------------------I had no clue what this game was about. Reading the name of the game did me suspect there was some element of Minecraft in there. Well.. there is, you destroy things, you build things. And in between you destroy other players and their base.After two or three games it gets boring already. I don't understand what they are trying to achieve. Get more Minecraft players to play shooters or to get more minecrafters to build shooters...Graphics are the same as other games out there, nothing spectacular.I don't know if I will play it again.."
,Recommended,299360,17231759,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Boomerwang,it aight
76561198025203531,Recommended,299360,16772432,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MeMeBigBoy,Great Game really recommend
76561198200196010,Recommended,299360,16774600,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,onepabloernesto,this is an awesome game! :D
,Recommended,299360,16777543,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Poop Medusa,"I came into this game not expecting much but later found that it is absolutely wonderful. With a great 5vs5 competitive mode, this game delivers great fps thrills with the class based system reminiscent of Team Fortress 2."
76561198065038120,Recommended,299360,17004228,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mr.Indica,Awesome god knows any game with ninjas being able to fight robots is AWESOME!
,Recommended,299360,17055500,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Killa17,"As many have said, team comp can make or break a match, but when you band together and cooperate it's an amazing game. Learning curve isn't too bad with a little thought applied.Definitely recommended to break up the MP FPS whitewash of ""realism"" and general monotony."
76561198042037784,Recommended,299360,17065571,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Jabron,"I reccomend this game for its fun multiplayer and unique online experince, however i find i have long wait times for games up to 10 minutes and when i actually get in a game quite often there is a troll messing around."
76561198130412754,Recommended,299360,17022724,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Oh my G-d,"Waiting in queues for over 10 minutes at a time is not what I enjoy doing, especially when games can be shorter than the queue time themselves. Fun game, but there must be a shortage of players which tells you something."
,Not Recommended,299360,17020137,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Edi,"This game could be soooo fun but there are so many problems with matchmaking that noone ever wants to play. Matchmaking seems nonexistant, my friends and I are constantly paired up with people a thousand times better than us, and we're all below level 11. It seems like we're just matched with the first group it finds, instead of an elo based system like many mobas have (If you lose a lot you get matched with worse people and if you win a lot you get matched with better people). This kills the game because my friends who are new to the game and even me, even though I've played for a while, get ♥♥♥♥ing shrekt by the people we face because its not balanced matchmaking. I don't know if this is a problem from the small playerbase or if it is in fact no matchmaking. Either way, the devs need to do something about it because this game has so much potential to be fun and noone wants to play because they get destroyed every time they play."
,Recommended,299360,16973844,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ben™,"Seriously, what the block are we gonna do?"
,Not Recommended,299360,16979655,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,312K,"If you are in no hurry, feel free to dip in. The pace is very slow, too slow for me to enjoy the game at all."
76561198148831043,Recommended,299360,17506254,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Pro_noob-Gamer,Block n load is an AWESOME game it is a really fun Fps and is a easy game to understand. However it can take a bit long to find a game for you to play in. But its worth it. At least one of the 9 classes would for sure suite your personal play stlye.The game has basic objectives attack or defend. Each team has a base and 2-1 cubes. Your Objective is to ethier attack the enemy cubes or defend you cube.Really good game. Developers listens to the gamers. The game is always improving.
,Not Recommended,299360,15803480,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,3YCpHkTH,"I'll be honest with you. This game is fun. I love it. But don't buy it. Right now, as of May 12, 2015, it's taking me more than two and a half minutes to get into a match. A few days ago, it was only taking an average of a little over a minute. When I first installed the game, it took 30 seconds. So within a month, maybe two, this game will be taking ten minutes to find a match and after that it will for all intents and purposes be abandoned.It's a great game though.EDIT: 07/27/15. It just took me nearly ten minutes to get a match. I ended up getting a match in progress that was already over and I lost a minute later.EDIT: 07/31/15 So not only do I have to wait even longer just to get a match. Now I can't even access the game because it won't authenticate me with the master server. It isn't just me because I've confirmed that this problem has been ongoing for three hours. I genuinely loved this game. It's pretty much only the game I play now, but I have to say: ->DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!<- I should have listened to the reviews warning to avoid any Jagex product like the plague."
76561198019157420,Recommended,299360,17330188,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sx79,Bought this during a steamsale for €3 euros. This game is awesome and I don’t understand whyso many people keep playing CoD when we have this(and why CS people still keep firing from the hip). I know about Jagex and what you guys think of it but just try this game once if you like competitive first person shooters and games like Minecraft.+Creativity is rewarded. No game is the same.+It’s a first person shooter+it’s a challenge to win; always!+It’s well balanced+developers keep adding new content after release(just got some new maps for free :D)+teamwork is important; as a lone wolf you will always lose+great set of characters+addicted to it.-not that many active players anymore(200+)-lag sometimesReview score: 90/100.Are you competitive? Creative? Do you like FPS? and do you like multiplayer? Give it a shot!
76561197971434037,Recommended,299360,17369903,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Doix,"Great game, especially when played with a few friends. Unfortunately the player numbers seem to be dwindling, but I'll keep playing it until I can't get a match going."
76561198046740784,Recommended,299360,16857482,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Perice.Of.The.Havens,This game is great i have already recommend this game to my friends. Altho it does have a few problems that need to be worked out like hero balanace. Some hero's can be downright unstopable but at the same time not very fun to play but that all depends on your style. The game population is rather lacking as well it really needs more players or it wouldnt survive
,Recommended,299360,17380530,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ZakK,very fun most of the time it is crazy battles and combat 10/10
,Recommended,299360,17264171,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,OneCrazyPerson,I was wondering if I could get a refund since when ever I play the game my display crashes and its only when I play Block N Load. But while I played I had a fun experience.
76561198174165907,Recommended,299360,17391475,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ChefBoiRD,This game is hours of fun.
,Recommended,299360,17305181,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GrayGL,"A different approach on team combat FPS style games where you may destroy and build as you please. The many different classes give many different play styles, and if you like blowing masses of things into the sky, this is a good game for you~ You get a set amount of time before each match to set up your base with your team as you please, and afterwards, the shield goes down and its an all out war to destroy the generators and cube of the enemy team. Very fun, very addicting, I do recommend picking this up if Ace of Spades dissapointed you."
,Recommended,299360,16906375,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Flux Fouzen,"If you're familiar with TF2 then you'll probably enjoy this because its similiar. In fact its like Minecraft and TF2 combined. It's really more of a game you'd enjoy more with friends though. I personally don't see it as a must its more of a ""meh"" title to me so I would recommend but don't be surpised if you end up only playing it for a week. (That's what I did)"
,Recommended,299360,16952864,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DemonicTactician,Great Game!
76561198096835026,Recommended,299360,16833301,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,OCME,"If you've ever wanted to try drugs, try this game. It's just as addicting as heroin without all of the bad side effects."
76561198038923331,Recommended,299360,16916736,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ARMYstrong1000,"Great, chanllenging, and creative game"
,Recommended,299360,16918548,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TiV,Fun to play with not to eat.
,Recommended,299360,17163048,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Redi18,its a really nice game and is worth every cent
76561198149935418,Recommended,299360,17115316,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,fuzzypickle16,"This game is fun as hell, it just slightly suffers from a small player base, if more people played it the game would be that much better."
,Recommended,299360,16888809,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,connermiddleditch,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!! MINECRAFT WITH GUNS!!!!!!  IF THAT SOUNDS FUN TO YOU THEN BUY THE GAME
76561197990647489,Recommended,299360,17404766,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jabberwocky,"Played this to death during the free weekend when it was just released.I played it so much I grew a little tired of it.During the summer sale I picked it up and it got my interest again.Great building/strategy/shooter game.Teamwork is essential, as is combining the right characters in one team.Very enjoyable, would recommend!From what I saw, the game is also regularly updated with new map  and characters."
,Recommended,299360,16198807,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,† The Demiurge †,"This is a weird game, and I have mixed feelings about it. It's like a combination of DOTA, Minecraft, and TF2. The only mode in the game (at the moment) is 'Classic' mode, where you set up a base, fight, and blow up the enemy core. It's split into two phases.Build Phase: There's a big wall between you and the enemy. You have a set amount of time to ready up your   defenses and build your base up. After that time, the wall drops, and the Combat phase begins.Combat Phase: You're supposed to fight your way to the enemy's core and destroy it. That's it. You win.Graphics are great. Controls feel sorta weird and clunky. The gameplay is fun. Very interesting concept, way more tactical than Ace of Spades. It's balanced. Animations are ok, but need some work. Matchmaking takes WAY too long. Then you find a match, there's a guy who doesn't ready up, and you have to start all over again. All they need to do is clean up the HUD and make the controls less mushy.7 out of 10. Recommended."
76561198027271290,Recommended,299360,16737373,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,stanmons,Block n Load is one of its kind. The dynamic nature of the game is unparralleled and the perfect balance of varied characters works great.
,Recommended,299360,16644279,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tuki,"First of all the demo is amazing it is like the full version of the game but it doesnt contains some of the character like O.P Juan Shinobi, Sweet Science, Dream Genie, etc. Now, this game is the best build, defend and destroy game i've ever seen...when i saw this game i was like ''Pfff Ace Of Spades Builder Battle is better that this...'' but no,no my dear friends THIS game is a lot better than ace ofspades,why?Well first of all you can choose between i think 7 characters which is awesome! You can choose a NINJA and a GENIE in this game! It also contains skins which are awesome! I know this game is well kinda expensive (15 euros) but if you add 5 more euros you can buy the tag team pack! The tag team pack is a pack where you have 2 copies of the game, 1 for you and 1 for your friend and the price is very low, the game's price is 15 euros and the tag team pack is only 20 euros! My rate about this game is 8.5/10"
,Recommended,299360,16716666,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Riis,I love this game is fun
76561198132904531,Recommended,299360,16725746,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,inhale my dong enragement child,git this git gud same thing its great
,Recommended,299360,16584866,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Twitch_Fox,"I would highly recommend this to people whom like player versus player games, the strategies in making specific cuts in the map to recieve bonuses and where to place defenses is truly something I enjoy.The videos do justice to the game, Bought two 2-packs of the game, gave them away to friends even though you can play for free, forever! (but you miss out on some of the heros.)"
,Not Recommended,299360,15761364,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Valthroc,"As everyone says, TF2 + minecraft baby.Previous Review was yes, good game.Became free to play, all brasils, no one speaks english, servers are laggy now, and buying the game previously did not unlock anything useful such as new classes, or give you free ingame money to at-least buy one of the new classes.Sorry, good game turned bad."
76561198073741675,Recommended,299360,18341432,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Dessu99,Great game. I've played it for a while got a little bored with it after a while. Little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that i spent my money for it to become a free game (13€ in sale.) but overall rating i would give it a 5/10
,Recommended,299360,18334243,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[WaLs]Waffle 不首尾の,can i get an explanation seeing as i have been playing since the game was played on slyfoxhounds channel... NOW THE GAME IS FREE TO PLAY i bought the game and now i wasted my money on a free 2 play game i actually bought 2 copies for it to becom free to play... other than the company ripping its players off its a good game
76561198195028593,Not Recommended,299360,16922939,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,✪YuoPie✪,I want my money back you ♥♥♥♥ers
,Recommended,299360,19553523,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,A Red-Letter Day,"Curator-esque ReviewA class-based multiplayer fps that challenges players to create complex defenses and destroy their enemy's using voxel destruction and building.  Teamwork matters and there are balancing issues but it is free-to-play and not too grindy.Block N Load ReviewStoryBlock N Load (BNL) really has no story to speak of.  A diverse group of characters band together in two teams of five and square off against eachother in different arenas.  Each ""hero"" has a paragraph about who they are but don't expect a dossier on their life experiences.  The omnipresent announcer is the only other character in the game beyond the heroes.  No complex motivations or intriguing lore here; two teams, one winner, one loser, simple.GameplayWhat is not simple about this game is how it is played.  At first glance, it appears to be a hybrid between Team Fortress 2 and Minecraft.  I consider this an apt description, but the numerous ways in which a match can be won differentiate it from other games similar to it.  While there are casual multiplayer and single player challenge modes, BNL's primary game mode is the multiplayer mode known as ""Classic"".  The object of this mode is to destroy the enemy's base (represented as a large cube) while simultaneously protecting your own.At the pre-game lobby, you and your teammates each select a role, hero, perks, blocks, hero skin and vote for one of two maps.  Role can switched at will any time in game and is merely a way to let your teammates know how you intend to play.  My experience has been you need to be able change roles at a moments notice if needed.  Each match starts with a build phase where you and your team gather resources and build up defenses on your side of the arena.  Every hero has a unique ""dig tool"" that allows them destroy and mold voxel arenas as they see fit.  Time management is crucial here because spending too much time gathering resources can leave your base under-protected.  Once the build phase ends, the attack phase begins and both teams commence trying to destroy eachother's base.  As a defender, your job is to build health/ammo for your other defenders, kill attackers, and fortify your base with useful device blocks, such landmines and radars (allow you to see enemies if they are within the effect sphere).  Turret matrices, landmines, fake blocks that cause enemies to fall into a pit of bear traps, BNL is full of ways to creatively defend your base.  Offense is tasked with destroying the enemy cube (sometimes arenas have more than one) which requires destorying the enemy's defenses and killing enemy defenders.  This requires placing respawn pads to keep pressure on the enemy, quick arena navigation, and coordinated attacks that overwhelm the enemy defenders.Each hero has his/her own passive and active ability that aid in combat.  Active abilities make destroying some defensive setups easier so choosing a diverse team is recommended.  Heroes have two weapons each that often have alternate fire functionalities to complement the heroes playstyle.  For example, the engineer has a shotgun for killing enemies and a caulking gun for fixing/buffing his turrets and slowing down enemies.  Perks as well as the blocks you choose to bring into a match also determine how you will pay your character.  The emphasis of BNL is teamplay so time your abilities and weapon usages well to achieve maximum effectiveness in a game.  The BNL team is actively working to address balancing issues though some may consider their progress poor considering the life of the game.In addition to just shooting at eachother with strange weaponry, teams also fight over control of events.  During the course of a match, supply drops of 1000 bricks as well as the ""blockbuster"" (increases dig tool damage for your entire team) are dropped in the middle of the arena for either team to collect.  These drops usually result in heated fights for them at mid since as matches progress, respawn time increases and staying alive becomes important.   Collecting the supply drop can starve your enemy and the blockbuster can mean the difference between winning and losing.  Matches usually begin with rush tactics and end with the team that achieves a coordinated assualt.BNL features a league system to help match players similar in skill level.  The leagues are Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Pro.  Within the metallic leagues are five subdivisions denoted with Roman numerals.  For example, players start in Bronze V and after accruing enough league points, advance to the next subdivision Bronze IV.  Acquiring league points is different in each division but no matter the divison, players can never be demoted to the previous division ( e.g. go from Bronze IV back to Bronze V or from Silver V back to Bronze I, etc.).  Advancing through leagues is not difficult until Gold where playing with a fully leveled hero is required for gaining/losing league points.  Like other games that allow you to que with your friends, higher league BNL games play host to clans and pre-made teams often (but not always) destroying teams of individuals queing.  Combine these with the usual smurfs, exploiters, stackers, and other unsavory characters you find in any multiplayer game and you may find BNL unworthy of your time.DesignIn regard to the F2P model, BNL uses two types of currency: bricks and platinum.  Bricks, the soft currency, are earned through winning matches, losing matches, completing challenges, and leveling up your character.  You get three new challenges every 24 hours, completing all of which will earn you more than 1000 bricks.  If you don't enjoy the grind but still enjoy playing, you can pay real money for platinum, the hard currency of BNL, and things from the shop that way.  All heroes and perks (which are designed to be sidegrades, not upgrades) can be permanently bought with either soft or hard currency.  Additionally, hero skins can only be bought with hard currency.Speaking of aesthetics, BNL has a rather unique look to it.  Heroes all have cartoonish looks and their own dialogue befitting of their personality.  The voice acting in this game is surprisingly good and some of the lines uttered by heroes are chucklye worthy.  Guns all have a nice cartoony sound to them.  Environments sport a voxel, blocky appearance that is reminiscent of Minecraft but with sharper textures and lighting.  Arenas typically feature a hot or cool color palette, while some sport a unique holiday theme or look.  Beaches, castles, and factories are all possible battle grounds ranging in size from intimate one cube maps to extremely large three cube maps.  Some arenas are relatively flat resulting in intense zerg rushes while others have surprisingly complex layouts and geography.  As matches progress, arenas become totally destroyed as explosives go off and create craters in the voxel environment.  This sandbox destruction is what makes BNL fun because no two matches playout the same in terms of how the environment is used by either team.  Aside from the main theme and menu music, BNL features no noteworthy music.  However, important events in game are preceded with a short music byte and let the player know something important is about to happen.Final ThoughtsBNL scratches an itch for destructable envrionments and sandbox building combined with a directed multiplayer game.  Compared to experiences I've had with other games, the F2P model feels just in my mind.  It will still take a few days to grind to that character you want but the unpredictable nature of gameplay and nice looks should keep you entertained.  The league system may turn some players away so if you are not interested in competitive gameplay, stay away.  However, if you crave a multiplayer game with fun voxel destruction/building, BNL may fill that void."
76561198188886745,Recommended,299360,19538652,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,killernerd1026,i payed $30 a long time ago is there a way to get the money back
76561198027774242,Recommended,299360,19570754,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DialD4Death,I was really into TF2 until i got into this game.Very colorful pallet of characters to kick or be kicked in the scroties with
,Not Recommended,299360,17996038,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[LoM] SiLeNt,"Was a great game, Now broken and unbalanced adopting a pay to win style of play.."
,Recommended,299360,20168738,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,xghoststrike,This game is great and fun.
76561198079448437,Recommended,299360,19473952,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,bread bird,that is awsome
76561198011136886,Recommended,299360,19531906,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Professor Hoovey☭,"you know when i first stared playing this game it was a pay game, but you know when i would play games they were so unbalaneced but now there not so this game has got my like agin"
76561198072638885,Recommended,299360,18853409,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Parkour261,"Great little game. I Highly recommend it. It goes through some hard times when characters are broken, but dev's try their best to fix that over time.Also it can be a bit rough for players just starting. I recommend reading a guide or two to really help you get started. Overall quite the enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,299360,19396289,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[Attrition] MrDr.Vlox,its a really fun game but i got banned for no reason people in the community are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they said i was flying when i was just using the hamsters secondary weapon i spent a bunch of money when i first got it and some more later on it is really annoying
,Recommended,299360,30506175,Posted: 14 March,all,BuYmOm,game is great but could fix a few bug problems. Played over 100 hours (on another account) and its allot of fun. Builiding bases is the best part :)
76561198158152296,Recommended,299360,19591292,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rocket Coony,Great game! Only problem is my friends are complete noobs...
,Recommended,299360,19600234,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Waldo,yes this game was good but the one bad thing about it is that i payed money for this and now it is free hmmmm well this is bull s*** and i dont even get anything for it so yeah i demand a refund but still good game its just horrible how they turn it to a free to play game when you payed oney for it and you dont get anything in return
76561198003970162,Not Recommended,299360,20028355,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AmericanDipper yeee yeee,I love buying games and then they go free to play........ -.-
,Recommended,299360,19891462,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,juanryr,"You can play as people and their special. Thats about it. It's basically a robot, Italian dude, British dude, MExican Weeb, Science lady, Heavyweight Champ, Asian lady, A yeti, and a random dude with a  ball over his head, along with a  genie and soldier and moon woman"
76561198046771175,Recommended,299360,19926101,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sherlock Hom0 :3,"Well This game was amazing since I preordered it for $25,  But Now its free and I dont get any DLC's with it..... Thats just not right......But off with my rant, This game is good because it is a FPS and You can shoot your friends while also building something you love...."
,Recommended,299360,13844959,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Agent 22,"block N loadis it worth a bu... WAIT its free now?and my F*ck 30$ ???were is that now?you get all the sh*t you could have had??WOT?OK OK OKhere is my review!good things----------------not like any other fps ( first person shooter xD )building sh*t befor battle is awsomedigging under enemie base is good funall balanced hero'sbad things-----------------stupid phone app like free to play system, you have gold ( witch you normaly get for every match)  AND you have platinum, witch you can only buy and buy hero's and skins withgets boring after some time, dont play to mutch at a time, play once in some time!people can be real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in-game, killing you and destroying what you buildoveral score--------------------7/10good game with a great conceptonly wierd F2P system and that kind of stuffYES its fun!but not to mutch at a time"
,Recommended,299360,15703535,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Brightside,"Fantastic game, loved every moment of it!"
,Recommended,299360,15704047,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,"I could tell you this game has a very strong core foundation, excellent classes to pick and the best gameplay I have played for a shoot but let me tell you what it doesnt have!1. Never once have I been called gay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, noob..ect2. No one has claimed to have spent the night with my mother.This is a game all about using your head and planning each move instead of just press left click to not die. Its all about teamwork and if u can find people to play with its a TON of fun!For this price, its well worth the money!"
,Recommended,299360,15709499,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,badboy4eva,already recommended to a few friends
,Recommended,299360,15586546,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,RRMonsterHunter,10/10 but and little lag which you can turn down in the setting and the game still looks good
76561198147716279,Recommended,299360,16177877,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Gremlock_IV,"For the five hours I played of Block N Load, it reminded me of the building and destroying of minecraft, the classes that are in Team Fortress, and the goal of League of Legends all mixed into this Brewing pot named Block N Load. The game itself is fun, with various ways to take down the opposing team, from building a sky bridge over the map to there base, to digging underneath the map. The game is pretty solid and would get this if you enjoy the style of game of taking the other team down."
,Recommended,299360,15999708,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Oberyn,I've never spent more time in a game in such a short amount of time.
76561198014816891,Recommended,299360,16348288,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,EvaDear,"Like any FPS, the game has it's flaws.  The bad luck of hitting a premade, while you full random group, those matches where your choice is just not making headway.  But even with those, the game is still a blast, even more so once you make some friends and start to work out your pown personal stratedgies on how to attack and defend."
76561198041509125,Recommended,299360,16075042,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DancesWithBunnys,"Not enough players on Oceania and Asian servers to get a normal match going, let alone a ranked match. Good for N. America and Europe only."
76561198113171573,Recommended,299360,16076085,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,sniperotis,its fun to play :)
,Recommended,299360,16077678,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rubix Cube,"I would recommend  this game if you  like fast paced shooters with unique game play the map that you play on are made with care. the characters are very unique and different to each other and with new characters coming out this game just gets better and better.  If you are thinking about getting this game think no longer, it is so worth it"
76561198169436249,Recommended,299360,16078059,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ventrack,Hi how can I get out of the graveyard? Can you take me out of graveyard ?
76561198138228591,Recommended,299360,16079982,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,cant touch dis,best block game I have ever seen!
,Recommended,299360,16080647,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Carlius,"Great game, each match is unpredictable, hours of fun"
,Recommended,299360,16084551,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,OSCAR,This game brings lots of fun to your day once in a match. Totally reminds me of minecraft & Tf2 mixed together!A MUST PLAY :)
,Recommended,299360,16088241,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Csbears,"If you can get past the peanut gallery of trolls, kids, and stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s there is a fun game under it all.  Just like any other moba style game.The game is regularly updated (So far) and supported but you will find that the main problem is with the small-ish community and having to see people more than once in matches.  Its kind of a double edged sword but they just implemented a system to punish leavers, afkers, and trolls all in one.  If you have a bad team and there's no hope of winning you will have to sit it out rather than leave because if you do in fact leave you will be placed into a ""Graveyard Que"" for all of the previously mentioned less than helpful people.Most matches are fairly fast after the first cube falls because nobody plans that far ahead of time.  You might get smart players who can drag out a game to a hour long cold war situation but its not all that often.This game is a mixed bag but if you are a glutton for punishment or have the patience of a saint you will get some really fun matches that make it all worthwhile."
,Recommended,299360,16331557,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BlueYankee,This game seems like so much fun. I have watched other people play and I figured i would give it a try and honestly just by doing the practice training I can already tell it's going to be fun to play this game with my friends and have a ball. I am excited to have some fun and would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,299360,15679576,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,-SLH- Achtung_Andrew,Its a very fun game and like they state no game is ever the same and thats very true!Only major problem is there is a lack of players on Oceanic servers.
76561198054664213,Recommended,299360,16295584,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ChaseC,"Block N Load is a game that cannot be judged until you play it. It's fun even if it might not look like it. If you want to try this game, give the demo a try. It features unlimited gameplay so that you can decide for yourself if you like the game enough to purchase it."
,Recommended,299360,16413772,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Xykan,"Excellent Fun, ever thought of playing Tower Defence, Mindcraft, Smite, and TF2 in one game.I love tunneling in under their cube, and setting off the ""Big Bomb"" and watching their base crumble hahaha.. Great fun untill a stink bomb kills you in said tunnel.. gg lol10 / 10.. btw, so what, Jagex made this, they made runescape. And i love how so far i have not seen one bug, the programming and frame rate are flawless, even on a core 2 duo.. do the maths ppl, its amazing...But that is because when they bought ace of spades they migrated the concept and playstyle.."
,Not Recommended,299360,16275919,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Monkey Whore!,"So much fun.So many noobs to gas.So many noobs that can't build.So many noobs that can't read.Must force player to play tutorial.Also 0 Asia server, 0 Oceania server.Swear to god that buggy game jumping around killing dinosaur has more players than this."
,Recommended,299360,18317892,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Stonerp561 [FssF],so what do i do with my extra ones in my inventory that i bought
76561198092083656,Recommended,299360,18290395,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sir Urmo,Shound Buy It At Least Devs Should Have Said Its Going To Be Free To Play! but its kinda good cuz everybody is stones so u can rekt enemies 100/5
76561198148841545,Recommended,299360,18402633,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nazz,"Call Of Duty, gave Minecraft, a big♥♥♥♥♥hug. LOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNGGGGGG HUG STYLE."
,Recommended,299360,18401232,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Roadapathy,"I like the games by Jagex except that the developement team refuses to support Linux or hosting on personal Linux servers.    Jagex servers can be extremely laggy and sometimes disconnect players. I have seen, more than a few times, where all the gamers get kicked off suddenly."
76561198163468457,Recommended,299360,18474078,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,maximtheb,"Now with the new awesome update they made it free to play which is amazing for such and amazing game. I always loved it and played 179 hours. I bought it long ago before sweet science, austarella and genie where released. Now this game is my top game of the year 2nd time!"
76561198087383213,Recommended,299360,18468602,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Doodle,this is a fun game great in small doses but like seriusly i payed for this game i wish i just saved my money and waited
76561198108116223,Recommended,299360,18484507,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Dannyboss143,is it only for widows?
,Not Recommended,299360,16117249,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,The Z Dude,"MInecraft meets tf2...Nuff said...Edit: i know i didn't elaborate on this but this game was awesome, it had a good setup, concept and decent excecution.But when it went f2p...My freind said that there were new heroes that were awesome...But they had to be bought...I thought they had in game currency, but he said there was no such thing...Rip in peace BNL, you will be missed...P2W why have you taken the fun and balance away from good games?Edit:Edit: so i havent played this game for myself when it went f2p so take that for what its worth"
,Recommended,299360,18536474,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Moryakov,"Great game, bought it in beta, not knowing it would later be free!"
76561197969968958,Recommended,299360,18553937,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,HorridConica,"Loads of Fun, About 40 hours into it now myself, Owned it prior to it becoming F2P But still enjoying the gameplay!"
76561198166241229,Recommended,299360,18515064,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Microsoft Office 365,Good game but paid 6.99 when it came out but now its free steam give me my money back but besides that good game
76561198118113189,Recommended,299360,18533401,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Åtten,"Really good game, even though the F2P curse hurt it"
76561198114936121,Recommended,299360,16589216,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GArbO,"Block n Load is just really fun, and I really recommend that you buy it."
,Not Recommended,299360,16051308,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,WALA,WOW! THE BEST GAME EVER!!! 5 frames per second CAN YOU FIX IT I  WASTED  10$ FOR THIS GAME.
76561198085371778,Recommended,299360,18270577,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lil Pumps Diciple,"As someone who bought the game about 6 months ago, people who PAID FOR THE GAME  should automatically get the new heroes and skins since we bought the game to be honest... Still love the game though."
,Recommended,299360,18281473,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jimbo Bobby,good game but do the people who bought it before the free updat get anything or does £12 just go to waste.
76561198155209005,Recommended,299360,18299836,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spy1Justin,I PAID FOR THIS GAME  AND IT GOES FREE TO PLAY ♥♥♥♥ THIS
76561198013307359,Not Recommended,299360,18299952,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Syntur,"Since this has gone free to play there are so many people that are just joining games to troll and destroy other peoples stuff. Worst part is they can get in a game, do what they want than leave and you cant report them because of the way the scoreboard/system works. Only play if you have and ENTIRE premade group otherwise expect to be trolled and lose.Played before the F2P and it was bad enough with griefers and now with the new influx the game was clearly not ready for a F2P audience. Don't think I'm a fan of this game going F2P and taking away all the things I earned and given only 1 skin for a character I do not like. Would have been better but as usual horrible decisions by the Dev team imho."
76561198149616856,Not Recommended,299360,18315326,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LethalWeapon375,Not Playable In AUSTRALIA!!!
,Recommended,299360,16104757,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Starman,The better version of Ace of Spades. I love it!
76561198126586172,Recommended,299360,16285804,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Captain Crunch,This Game Sucks 10/10
76561198069607306,Recommended,299360,16288110,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Engelon,Great game extremly fun to play but it needs more players.10/10 Would recomend again.
,Not Recommended,299360,17423808,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,kebcoob,"what the hell, I paid $30 for this and now it's one third of the price? where's my extra $20? scam artists"
,Recommended,299360,17429924,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Atriox,TF2 and Minecraft had a baby and made this.
76561198141947037,Recommended,299360,17449891,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,chillXBill,to laggy4 me
76561198057117169,Recommended,299360,17956325,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,noremac-89,"I bought this game when it first came out, why is it giving me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about buying it when I login, and not letting me access anything buy the classic mode?"
76561197960934250,Not Recommended,299360,18050524,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Miroku,brought this game two hours ago still havnt managed to join a game just ques for ever. do not buy.
76561198120951540,Not Recommended,299360,18650508,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TurtlejuiceTerror,Bought the game know one was playing it... Now the game is free. Thanks Gaben
,Recommended,299360,15734011,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Bryce,"I played beta and for a solid short review. ""It's a game where you get blocks and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; ~ Fast 2666"
76561198075302696,Recommended,299360,15734959,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DaPyro438,"An amazing game for those who like cooperative gameplay online against other players. This game is for paitent, taticle people, not for people who enjoy fast run-n-gun games.Games can last from 10 minutes to an hour. You can leave the landscape with a few cracks, or leave it in a steaming pile of ash. Really just depends on your team's stragity.If you just barge into the enemy's front door, there are most likely traps around the area. Either you can blow up their front wall, find an unguarded opening around the side, or dig under their base.Each class has their own abilities which allow them to do different things. Cogwheel for example can use his minigun to defend or use his mortar barrage to decimate the enemy base.Each map has different obsticles you need to get around, but can also be modified to your teams advantange. From placing a spawnpoint inside a mountain, to using a pillar as a sniper position and bombard the enemy team with gas and bombs.Just depends on what gamer you are. If your a paitent tatical gamer, go for it. If your a quick-round person who just wants to run-n-gun, then you might want to pass.PS: Respawn times increase every death, so keep that in mind."
76561198065759075,Recommended,299360,15718991,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Professor Grizzlot,"woooooooooooooooooooooooooooTheir is A whole bunch of thing I could say about this game,For one thing TEAMWORK IS A THING, with out teamwork you will lose or end up suffering.Every Character""Blockheads"" Have their own character and play their own way.Their is never a game here its the same as the last game you had.If your friend can get this game it helps communicate and that can help the team majorly.People will say this is like TF2/Minecraft and I will say it is true but going for what I believe is that this game feels like it own game but with a few ideas from TF2/Minecraft and from a few other thing too......Looking at you Nigel! your like Clayton from Tarzan But European......"
,Recommended,299360,15721066,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sir Salty Balls,It's a pleasure to play BNL.If you're looking for something fresh I'd invest in BNL.It's a great game and it deserves to have an even larger playerbase.
76561198015326788,Recommended,299360,15722563,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,tmanrocks999,good one
,Recommended,299360,15723083,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,123,very good and addictive
76561198169866830,Recommended,299360,14786234,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,thejoker1299,Its awsome but sometimes its laggy
76561198067098611,Recommended,299360,30501812,Posted: 13 March,all,Červánky,"Great muyltiplayer game, I bought it way back when and I'd say it was worth the 10 or 20 dollars I spent, I'd still recomend you try this game since it's free but unfortunately it has dwindled in playerbase numbers greatly since its early days."
76561198023920509,Recommended,299360,15509061,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,OverLord Jake,"Its a great game and is a TF2 killer in my opinion, it makes the game fair as there isn't any P2W aspect, a one of payment is wehre i think gaming is heading and im happy about that. there are so many games that exist that i dont think that additional extraction methords are needed its a fun game to jump into. Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,299360,15343092,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,AvidEdgelord777,Seems pretty good....Shame I can't find a game... :3
,Recommended,299360,15582896,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Llama,"It is a really awesome game! one of the best i ever played, the effects, keep evolving!"
,Recommended,299360,15532190,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,amzeus,great pick up and play but also some real depth to master. A great way to spend a few hours on a rainy weekend
76561198028034617,Recommended,299360,15678277,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Axioz,"I love it, just no one is playing now its not F2P"
,Recommended,299360,15678629,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Anti,Ace of Spades 2.0
76561198081210473,Recommended,299360,15679162,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,EVILMOFO,Very fun defense game
76561198032792961,Recommended,299360,15679803,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,fe2o3e,Great game. Combines minecraft and TF2 together and makes this fantastic game. 10/10
,Recommended,299360,15690607,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DuPPy,This game is just simple awesome fun
,Recommended,299360,15691371,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Brendanbam,I first tryed this game out thinking it was going to suck but i now see that it is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,299360,15694402,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kinetic,This is an awsome game. Played a lot on it this weekend so much I had to buy it. This game rocks. Better then any other type of game like this.
76561198125015096,Recommended,299360,15680102,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Snout,It's very good but can it please be made for mac
76561198082428982,Recommended,299360,15230026,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,tyfri,Game is great.Only Complaint is some unbalanced characters
,Recommended,299360,15273405,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,-ded meme,"Awesome game, not like the ususal FPS games. :) Hope to see more epic updates!"
76561198040805871,Not Recommended,299360,15291182,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,No love Just war,the game dose not work and it will lag all the time
76561198166300058,Recommended,299360,15142608,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Morphyx,I love this game. It's my favourite fps out now. The only downside are the Beta Phases you have to wait a whole week to play again.
76561198057508851,Recommended,299360,15118887,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Fidget spinner,guder than cod of duty fish war
,Recommended,299360,13547207,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jupiter,really good game and its in beta cant wait until full launch
,Recommended,299360,13550358,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nod Engineer,"If you love games with destructable terrains while still playing an FPS, then this game has it in for you. It really does have a lot of potential, and I believe that this game can and will become a well known game in the community. I am thankful that I have the chance to participate in the closed beta and trust me when I say this: It's Awesome!"
,Recommended,299360,13500988,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Grelazen,Good idea
,Recommended,299360,13492117,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bmay,"If you loved source forts, then this will definitely be a game you don't want to miss! Super fun if you have a group of coordinated people to queue with."
,Recommended,299360,13493166,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,☆Srb2wadlord☆,amazing ;0
76561198157419888,Recommended,299360,14234108,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Locomocha,"I enjoy the game, I really do. I just don't like how hard the game is to control (probably because I have small hands) I think it should support a controller because that would make the game absolutely PERFECT. There are some things that I don't like, but it is a great game and you should buy it while it's in beta to get it cheaper."
,Recommended,299360,14106676,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Fraximus,"I highly recommend if you like building,destroying,tunneling,having fun,be scared out of your shoes when someone jumps  down your tunnel, and....being the only one defending...?The only negative experience I have had is that a lot of people do not help defend...what so ever. Half of the time I am the only one that set up a defense, REBUILT THE DEFENSE over and over, asking for help.Long story short, this game is amazing with a decent team. 9.5/10 would play again, wait scratch that, will play again."
76561198091231854,Recommended,299360,14802520,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BBQ Chicken Nuggets,Its really good!
76561198116913698,Recommended,299360,14687477,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zavi,Awesome <3
,Recommended,299360,15079803,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,GentlemannOfHats,This is everything i wanted in a gameguns and block m8
76561198084786681,Not Recommended,299360,15086710,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ballaji,lot of lag in phase 2 my connection is 60 mb fibernet but i still got 250 pings in other game same sever 30 to 40 pings first make connection good to play after go for other tweks
76561198167923467,Recommended,299360,13492147,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,creepingpaws,i love this game theres a cupel of bugs like the chat gui needs to be fixt and i dont no if its just me are the game but it has some times a lag crash i wisht the santa skin 4 the antonio guy had a deffrint shotgun and his glue gun look like x-mas and have the sarg level 10 skin have a diffront gun like have a ak-47 mg  kinda like you guys did weth the mobster o and if you can make a snowman ninja that throws x-mas tree top stars and have a candy kane as sword and claws that are rapt in presents but all in all relly good game i say its the best one out there 4 2014/2015    ty 4 grate game cant stop playing it
,Recommended,299360,15111441,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,xsq27,I Luv the building feature in this game it so fun
,Recommended,299360,16805588,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DizZzy,Bought this game on a whim and I was quite surprised at how fun it is...Alot of replayablity as no instence will be the same. I do think it could be cheaper though.
,Recommended,299360,16090972,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Wiener Wizard,"This game is pretty much like Minecraft + TF2. I recommend this game to people who like building, killing, and teamwork. This game is good for kids that are the ages of 13-14. My litte brother loves this game and plays with his friends. Its worth the money and you should buy it."
,Recommended,299360,16378844,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tobyguilmon,Love the game. Pretty hard against experience players if you are new. but youll get the hang of it. very fun
76561198073824439,Recommended,299360,15989910,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Roastedcrazy,Very fun back and forth battles that can be played in many different ways.
76561198093582368,Recommended,299360,15978453,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PixelSnek [Sepsis],This game is pretty good:►Variety of weapons and characters►Intense 5 vs 5 gameplay►Fully interactive and destructible surroundings►Nice soundtrack/voicing►Good graphics.Only one con: class balancing is questionable.
76561198084908214,Recommended,299360,14153464,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Nostalgia,it is the fun its the best game that iv played in like 8 months!!!!!!!
76561198026526166,Recommended,299360,16417680,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WHOA! Shut it Down!,awesome game really fun with friends and all around runs great and plays great
76561198130966341,Recommended,299360,16418421,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Svierp,"VERY PROMISING GAME, BUT.................................ASIA SERVER DEAD!!"
,Recommended,299360,16424784,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Triple S,"Nice game.I dont play it much , i bought it for my brother but i play it too and i can say its really good for the price"
,Recommended,299360,13681079,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RTLStace,"This game is alot of fun but since it is in beta it has its flaws and a couple things that can be implimented to help the experience but so far its great and would recomend, but 30 bucks seems a bit too much"
,Recommended,299360,13452663,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dimzy,Huge improvment on an already great game ace of spades. Really enjoyable would recommend.
,Recommended,299360,13481098,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ZeRo,One  of the best fps I've played in years. Good job with this new game
76561198074601700,Recommended,299360,13823084,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Zrolix,Very Good. 10/10
76561197961175947,Recommended,299360,13836682,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[S3xy] SpapsPora,Block N Load is in beta when I write this and this is in no way a professional review so this opinion might be out of date but I hope not.So Block N Load has problems of course for example there are many times one of your team mates or the oponents does not connect to the game which makes that match mostly suck (but there is still a chance you could win. I have won in 4v5 matches).Never the less I still think this game has a lot of potential! I would like if the developers added more characters and kept adding them and possibly steam workshop maps. This game is most fun when  both teams have experienced players and all 5 of them are accounted. Block N Load might be even more fun with friends but none of mine play this so I can not say for sertain.I would pre-order Block N Load but since I am studing and have no job currently I am unable to but I some day will buy Block N Load.Thanks for reading and sorry for my bad english.
76561198085249413,Recommended,299360,13840124,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,~Mega Lucario~,"Awesome, I got addicted the first game i played it was so much fun!"
,Recommended,299360,15309790,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Kaydenne,"This game is really a fun game, it's like TF2 and Minecraft had a baby and it works! the only slight flaws is the queue times and the lag that sometimes kicks everyone out of the game, but that will more than likely be fixed soon. I'd reccomend this game it anyone!"
76561198081162618,Recommended,299360,16374178,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,This game is so good!
,Recommended,299360,16391744,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Siragen,"Just purchased the game and I'm loving it!Amazingly well designed, controls work perfectly. An overall well polished game!"
,Recommended,299360,14081174,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,oaoFrenchy,"Block n Load is insanely fun when you join a random lobby and its all about killing. On the other hand having a 5 man team, co-ordinated with VOIP makes you almost untouchable. If you like FPS's you'll probably enjoy this, if you like building things Minecraft style, you'll probably enjoy this. Imagine TF2/Loadout meets Minecraft in base building and defending, FPS mayhem."
,Recommended,299360,13711286,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,squirly,"this game is intense, competitive and full of action work as a team, dont lone wolf it.  im addicted.  hope this helps you in your decision purchasing this game."
,Recommended,299360,13712498,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,cptnjackharkness,"Now this game is great don't get me wrong it has a lot of flaws so I made a listpros1)fully destructeble map* (steel/iron blocks bordering map and force field blocks surrouning spawn are unbreakable for obvious reasons)2)fun classes the classes are fun except sniper now I love sniping in TF2 and lots of other games but well youhave a rifle rather than a sniper rifle meaning there is only a iron sight and no scope3)tactics you can have radars and spawn points hidden around the map for tactical advantiges4)lots and lots of guns and such each charectar has a build/mele* (not sure how spealt) tool then each has a block breaking gun (well sort of some damage or fix blocks) and a gun that fires bullets or Eliza doolally AKA the scientist has a poison grenadecons1)most times a team will have one or two AFK people which is highly annoying2) some people will tell you greifing which is very strange in the tutorial video it tells you to destroy what is the point of a defence if it cant be broken answer that.3)block and load is sort of a sequel to ace of spades a very unfinished game which is a shame but do be weary as might not be finished4)now I live in Britain where most servers are held meaning I have less lag now if you don't live in Britain you might expierence lag also it depends on your computer obviesly but it's in beta so expect lag ( though my frame rate stays at a great 60 fpssummary buy this game now but do be weary of beta isues and the companies past game ace of spades which is not finished and is not updated that much. but it is great for a beta and if left like this I think it would be better than any cod or battle field as there not finished or good even though this is indie and well known companies such as activision or ea make the other side of fps games, so go and throw money at your screen now, buy it NOW!"
76561198050768372,Recommended,299360,14075917,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Metcan,this game has a lot of humor and it is really fun because its like ace of spades but better cus its basically attack and defend but there are a variety of characters and im pretty sure once this game releases it will have a large community and prosper
76561198151284572,Recommended,299360,19283837,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BlazeVOiDz,good bt i paid £19.99 for this and now its FREEdo we people who paed atleat get some free DLC or discount
76561198014919314,Recommended,299360,19870643,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,:Dormo,"A real genre-bender. If Minecraft and Team Fortress 2 had a baby... this would be it. It is definitely worth a try if you are a fan of minecraft(im not) or the destructable environments of the battlefield games.Round starts, I choose sniper. Everyone runs out of the safe zone to fortify the base and lay traps for the coming round. I lay a few of my own around this corner and that. ""Wait...""   *Spins in circles laying blocks while jumping up and down to rapidy constuct a sniper tower* The round starts with me atop an inaccesible, well defended sniper tower in the middle of my base. Crushing victory.9/10 - I enjoy almost everything about this game. Though, the occasional 3 minute wait time for a round and general lack of willful coordination can detract from a consistently rewarding experience."
76561198049556831,Not Recommended,299360,19827540,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,GamingRelic59,THE 2.4 UPDATE MADE THE GAME HORRIBLE
,Recommended,299360,19990121,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Send Noodles,I love it
76561198045920629,Recommended,299360,15657692,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Liberated,"Such an awesome game. Grabbed it on free weekend and couldnt stop playing. Do not let the building side of the game scare you. I was never really into minecraft, but this is fantastic. You play like a team and youll have fun, win or lose.EDIT: It is awesome to see the game expanded since i last played it, but I am kind of ticked at it going to free2play. Awesome that more people will get to enjoy it, but for buying this game i think i deserve more then what i got. I supported this game when it was starting up. Now that it is free to play they gave me a few skins and 2-3 of the heroes that released longer ago.2nd EDIT: After playing for a bit I realized that they did give me a decent amount of skins/heroes. It still is tiny bit annoying that it worked out that way, but not as bad as i thought. Still love the game and would recommend to others."
76561198079843806,Recommended,299360,21224880,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nysn,"Great game for anyone who likes creating things, but also, enjoys some good'ol action here and there. It's a fun, strategic game that can be summed up in a few words. Block'n'Load is Minecraft plus TF2."
76561198045680188,Recommended,299360,21200724,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Deressed,"awsome game, just not a lot of players"
76561198119488585,Recommended,299360,21203560,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,EYE,WHEN I FIRST SAW THE TRAILER WHEN THIS GAAME COST MONEY I WAS MIND BLOWN. THENN IT EVOLVED SO MUCH IT IS ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.THIS GAME IS JUST AMAZING AND ENJOYABLE ESPECIALLY IN WINTER (I DONT KNOW WHY BUT I JUS LIKE PLAYING IT IN WINTER).NOW ITS FREE SO YOU DONT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT MONEY. :)
76561198138660838,Recommended,299360,19445510,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Snapdebap,>Pays £16 for game>Game becomes free>*facepalm*
76561198101333779,Not Recommended,299360,21148520,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,إرادة الله,"I preordered this game when it first came out. It was an awsome game. But it feels like every update makes the game worse and worse. Honestly. This game is sh** now and I have quit. The devolopers know how to make a game, but they dont know how to update. sigh*..."
,Recommended,299360,21061050,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lazare,Paid 9$ 2 Days later... F2P... 10/10 would pay again
76561198089551863,Recommended,299360,21775406,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Floobadooba,AWESOME
76561198086737341,Recommended,299360,21878912,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mr. Hanky,"I like the main idea of the game and i reccomended the game to a few friends, although I was an early access player and I was mad that the devs took away the three basees and put in only one for all the maps. I think that they should bring the old maps back to the game because I like those much better than the newer ones. I am not trying to be rude but if I sound like I am I am very sorry and just know I still love your game. :)"
,Recommended,299360,21815131,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Wixonater,I got this game in beta and put i down because of a bad computer and now it is f2p???????? did i waste 20$ for nothing
76561197980931660,Recommended,299360,17040243,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,I am Lorde,"Brilliant Game, only downfall is the que's for Oceanic Games.Waiting 20 minutes for a que is painful."
76561198067254845,Not Recommended,299360,22645734,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,FilthyCasual,Game is dead. Don't bother. Takes forever to get a match. Started out as an interesting concept with genuinely fun play. Now it is a shell.
,Recommended,299360,20939130,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cars,I really like this game. But im a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beacuse I payed $10 for the game didn't play it for a while came back and saw it was free to play... Idk if I get anything for paying for the game but it dosent seem like it...
76561198194439610,Not Recommended,299360,20743524,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Cr4zedgamer,"Honestly i bought this game when it was on a sale and if you bought it you should at least get a some silver for it in return since they made it f2p, finding a game is like finding a lolly in a pile of skid mark panties that smell like rotten vomit.They need to really consider making this game better not worth even the download"
,Not Recommended,299360,15777384,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,steazzy,"aright. lets start out by saying that i first got this game when you had to buy it with the ace of spades bundle, and after first playing it, i loved it. I played for a decent amount before seeing that they made it free to play and made it so you have to BUY the characters. i mean i havent seen this big of a ♥♥♥♥ up in a long time. it had potential and was really fun until the developers took their ♥♥♥♥♥ out and slapped me square across my face.1/10"
,Recommended,299360,22084293,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DNZer0,"I really like this game, especially when u play with friends. Great Graphic and Greate Idea.But the only issue I have with is that hacker stuff, or getting glitch!What glitch (or hack)? So, your oppornent can hit your base and it explore in one hit.Hopefully, the staff see this post and fix it.Thx for giving us a great game."
76561198121285456,Recommended,299360,21980346,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BurkBop,great game
,Recommended,299360,15838210,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Green Day,"I bought this game when it came out it was 15 euros and it was woth it but it was an overated game so you would w8 like 5 min to get into the game. this game is fair and not pay 2 win now that is free to play a lot of ppl are playing it now, for thoes ppl who paid the game they have every hero (not the new onec) and their second skin . this game forces you to play like a team who doesnt gets their cube down. playing with my friends was rly fun. worth trying.for me only con is that you can only play with 3 ppl when you can be 5 in game. if they added that it would be great"
76561198179436083,Recommended,299360,22268489,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ben.whitaker,amazing
76561198075716987,Recommended,299360,22523600,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Selvans,This is an amazing game but since the free to play launch its been ruined there are to many bad and or inconsiderate player and it's turned from a private nice community to a mosh pit cash grab.
76561198023859189,Recommended,299360,22529362,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,I had to stop playing because of the wait times. It's one of those many games that suffer from its match making systems.I love the premise though! Destructible world that allows for multiple ways at defeating the enemy both from a tactical and strategic standpoint?For now I'll vote up. But know I am not actively playing because it can take upwards of 15 to 30 minutes to get a game on a bad day and going AFK during the wait is punishable by being kicked out of the queue.Have a mini game at least for people who are waiting!
76561198004997361,Not Recommended,299360,22570955,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,fishsauce,cant queue any match in oceanic server
,Recommended,299360,22334921,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Wankoromochi,If you want to play this game but you think you wont have an easy time playing it beacuse you need to pay?Well thats wrong! Its not P2W At all there are heros that have some time for free and you can buy heros without real money! [Unless you buy the platinum bars] The game itself is pretty good and for my luck i buyed it when it was beta [It was complete♥♥♥♥♥♥when it was in beta] But now its good! I reccomend everyone who likes building and battleing and block-shooter FPS games!I call this game the opposite of block arcade [Cuz you know block arcade is complete bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056243979,Recommended,299360,18647949,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ColeSlaw,this isnt a review but i had to pay 20 bucks before now it free...... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck *breaks screen* still a epic game
,Recommended,299360,22699888,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Marksman646,"The only thing that doesn't make me play the game, is a lack of an inverted y-axis feature"
,Recommended,299360,22552139,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,11brJamie25,"Good game, me and my brother bought this game ages ago and it used to be somethinglike £6.99.I look now, AND WHAT A RIP OFF, NOW ITS FREE TO PLAY!!! I suggestyou give the people that bought the game before a refund.Thanks you, Jambers1968.I rate this game 8/10 but that is not including that its now FREE TO PLAY!!!"
76561198139933782,Recommended,299360,22694896,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kidd Analog,"To be honest, I played Ace of Spades: Battle Builder when it was on it's last legs. Ace of spades was a phenomenal game, I would play for hours and not get bored, the game always ran smoothly, it was fun, it wasn't repetitive, but it just died.Then Jagex thought, You know what? Lets make AoS 2. They made this. I'm not saying Block n' Load isn't good, believe me it is, but AoS was way better, smoother performance, more choice loadout wise, more based on constructs rather than traps, no absurdly long respawn times. BnL has all of those. The core gameplay is the same, but it just isn't quite as good.It is too class based, so it feels like a TF2 clone where you can build more than sentries. Within a class you have no choice in weapons, but you can choose different blocks.In essence this game is AoS 2, but isn't as good as it should be. It is still plenty of fun, but It could easily be better.Overall I give it a 7/10 because of loadout restrictions"
,Recommended,299360,20647798,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,OMGitsLaGzY,Well I like the game but now its Free to play and I had to pay but still a good game so yeah...
,Recommended,299360,20614770,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,moisty milkman,"great fun, always interesting gameplay and you can get all heroes without paying or waiting too long, nevermind the free hero rotation."
76561198056057114,Recommended,299360,20612306,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,King_Stingray,What is more exciting than building a fortified base any way you like? Tunneling under your enemies and destroying their defences with explosives... or with a drill. Overall one of the most fun multiplayer FPS games I have played.
,Recommended,299360,20524760,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TOTALLYNOTATRAITOR... V.2,get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,299360,20591086,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Loading Dock,new update ruins the game.
,Not Recommended,299360,20662476,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Xxandy2003xX,see when i bought this game i liked it it was somthing to pick up and put down but now its free to play its microtransctions  all over again thers no point of this game becoming free no need it was fine now look you made a wose version of tf2 (slow clap) its gone i want to refund this game its awful but i can't because its free i wont get my money back why did you do this i payed for this game then look i wish i did'nt surpport i dont get enything when it came free nothing and i payed for it i dont mind free to play but i bought it i want my money back but no its ♥♥♥♥ing free to play its turned from alright to EA games challenge ♥♥♥♥ ALL i know ea did'nt make this game but that would be your company next you see i like this well i did until it came free to play its just evil! even tho i do play this game somtimes
76561198040814484,Recommended,299360,19792093,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Cone,"Cool game, just wished more people played it:/"
,Not Recommended,299360,24800220,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Friendly,I would recomend this game but i wont because what they did. I happend to pay $20 to play this game in early acsess but when the game was finished they reset my account got rid of my skins and i hate the fact that it takes for ever to buy new heros.
76561198145273001,Recommended,299360,25384807,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,シ ImABunana シ,I Played Block'N Load before it became f2p But its always fun to jump into a game once in a whileBlock'N Load has Many Characters to choose fromGood graphicsMany mapsPerks-Which give your character boosts like faster movement less fall damage ectOverall Block'N Load is a solid fps
76561198138375987,Not Recommended,299360,25605609,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ruixun,"when i just bought and started playing this game it was fun, there was strategy and good defence building. now it's a bs game, full of russian kids who can only go full offensive and die. downloading this game again was the worst mistake i have ever made. this game is not worth my money."
,Not Recommended,299360,22951557,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Jacko,This was fun a year ago but now no one plays it. The servers are all dead. Plus i got it for 30 bucks and now its free. Why? Just why?
,Recommended,299360,27737580,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SIR JIMBOB THE G,Great game. However gets boring quickly
76561198034880085,Recommended,299360,26972954,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cheseburguer,"Awesome game, the nature of the game itself makes every match different. Although there are some heroes that need a little balance on their status, the game is pretty balanced and it all comes to who you play with (your team). But overall the game it's very fun to play. :)"
,Recommended,299360,26916762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mAksyii,Still a awesome Game!
76561198186707395,Not Recommended,299360,26488749,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,7alawadhi,bought this game a long time ago played 20 games i could never find a game the longest i have watied is 30 min.
,Recommended,299360,28870371,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Comment,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,299360,28858726,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,❥🗴𝓙𝓪𝓬𝓴𝓲🗴,"I mean, enjoyable. But paying for the game, and then to later on making the game free. Sort of disappointing :3"
76561198123887248,Recommended,299360,30994607,Posted: 7 April,all,SaltyRust,It is good but the only bad thing is.....I HAD TO BUY THE GAME AND THEN I FOUND OUT THERE GIVING IT OUT FOR FREE.I dont know if they give anything to beta testers but people who bought the game should get something
,Recommended,299360,15868031,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ExplosiveFridge,PROS:-Really fun-Balanced (ish)-Interesting conceptCONS:-People trolling-A little repetitive after a while (needs more game modes)-At first my virus protection was stopping me from playing it7/10
76561198080550956,Recommended,299360,15745207,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,YELLOWSNOWMAN,AWSOME!!! i love it you get to build your own base and then defend your cube or attack the enemy cube and blow up bases!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299360,15677068,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SafadãoGordão,aswome!
76561198016707912,Not Recommended,299360,31570546,Posted: 5 May,all,archenemy,"Great game, horrible community."
,Recommended,299360,31555999,Posted: 5 May,all,yeahimoriginal,"Great game, but teams can suffer since all balancing is chosen by the players themselves with only guidelines of who to play as. Characters can be payed for with ingame currency which you obtain by playing games and completing challenges but can also be bought with real money. Skins can only be bought with real money. Its a shame the game is now free since I paid full price on release and got almost nothing in compensation when they made the game free. The only problem is that this game is very easy to troll on meaning if one person on your team wants you to lose, there is little you can do to stop them."
76561198136887328,Recommended,299360,17242061,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,GraphicsAndAudio,awsome game and is made easier by playing minecraft
,Recommended,299360,15690588,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Skeet from McSpankys,10/10 would block again
76561198356232206,Recommended,299360,30190563,Posted: 26 February,all,miloszskora123456,super gra
76561198034779215,Recommended,299360,30182037,Posted: 25 February,all,Briiz,its fun and cool and really awesome and it has alot of battling!
,Recommended,299360,30166639,Posted: 25 February,all,MrEdinLaw,"Its a really fun game. Without any bugs (as far as i didn't find any).The fact that you need to pay for lots of stuff or just overplay it is a bit bad but still its not so bad to destroy the game.Its fun, its fast and its never getting booring."
,Recommended,299360,30172217,Posted: 25 February,all,TOALETNÍ PAPÍR | Pvpro.com,"Hra která vás zabaví na dlouho, a to se moc nestává. Bráníte zzákladnu tím, že stavíte okolo kostky. Široký výběr zbraní a postav. 7/10 - zábavné"
,Recommended,299360,30156506,Posted: 24 February,all,Old Man Communism,"Let me tell you a story...Long ago, a game popped up. From the creators/publishers/whatever of Runescape, (and FunOrb but noone remembers that)Jagex, came along Block N Load a FPS/Base Building game well loved for a long time. First it costed only $20 but no one cared. It was a (fairly) balanced and fun game to play. Many Youtubers hoped on the sponsered/views train, and people ate it up.However, the game started to wither and rot. People stopped playing because it just didn't add alot in a short timeframe. Two new heroes just before the game hit the F2P market. There were orginally only 6 heroes.Then BLAM! F2P, premium currency, new heroes out the♥♥♥♥♥ Die hard fans were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ People who couldn't afford it ate it right up. And Jagex loved it. They had a large source of revenue from this old game that they Franksteined back to life.Now, (at the time of this review) only 404 people are online. Very small compared to other games Jagex has done *cough* Runescape *cough* but very comparable to the lifespan of their other dead/dying games/projects. This means that this game gonna die. But, we can still enjoy it while it lasts.Can't we?"
76561198125925040,Not Recommended,299360,30151117,Posted: 24 February,all,Juzo Suzuye,I buy the game!!
,Recommended,299360,30251612,Posted: 28 February,all,Nascarboy,dead gamebut it's free so it won't hurt to download and play for a few days
,Recommended,299360,13403899,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Jagger,I was♥♥♥♥♥♥when i first reviewed lel
76561198097702948,Recommended,299360,29404425,Posted: 21 January,all,Scorpio,Awesome
,Recommended,299360,29406974,Posted: 21 January,all,Crizix,"THIS GAME IS NOT FOR ME, BUT I LOVE IT, SO, YOU SHOULD GET IT, IF YOU DONT LIKE MINECRAFT, THEN BUY THIS GAME(COMMA)"
,Recommended,299360,29465701,Posted: 24 January,all,asuro csgolive.com,I really like this game
,Recommended,299360,29468782,Posted: 24 January,all,GransFriedChicken,"When i first started playing this game it felt like i just had a kilo of cocaine injected straight into my eye. The buzz was so outstanding it takes the buzz out of buzzlight year. This game does have a friend in me, it also has a sick multiplayer and a not so bad campaign. Which is good because it doesnt even have a campaign."
76561198205367511,Recommended,299360,29468949,Posted: 24 January,all,hugo the beast,good game
,Recommended,299360,29439144,Posted: 23 January,all,BlazeyGames,as
,Recommended,299360,29416019,Posted: 21 January,all,Disowned the Wiki Senpai,"This game is actually pretty good, but there is a very small population. The devs that worked on this game did a good job, but the company behind it, Jagex of course, put the least amount of effort into advertising and giving this game what it needed to succeed. Now, they've literally put the game down to 1 developer.Due to this, the game is unbalanced. Certain offensive classes can fly around and destroy what you built in 3 minutes (thats fast) in less than a minute, from a range. But other than that, this game is actaully surprisingly good and addicting. I want to go back and play it, but I'l just get upset that I have to play offensive classes if I want to actually be useful."
76561198118631937,Recommended,299360,29410358,Posted: 21 January,all,Hellian,"I enjoyed this game during the Alpha and Beta. I loved it very much but I stopped playing once the final version came out and I had to pay to buy it. At the time I did not have the money but I thought of it again and was willing to pay for it now. To my surprise it's now free so Here I am, Having a go Once More"
76561198193588126,Recommended,299360,29448937,Posted: 23 January,all,zombie10020,nice game but not that good wepons
76561198176752026,Recommended,299360,29551774,Posted: 28 January,all,archerg66,"this is a good game, just wish it wasnt so hard to get into matches and if you do start getting matched up, one person always seems to decide""hey i wont play  this round"" and makes you wait longer"
,Recommended,299360,29728292,Posted: 5 February,all,xXRedSpartanXx,I Personly Love The Game It's Great But Please Make Things A Bit Cheeper *Srry Can't Spell Just Woke Up xD*
,Recommended,299360,29682481,Posted: 3 February,all,SARGE,its fun
76561198304936932,Recommended,299360,29713340,Posted: 5 February,all,PyroTaco.Mastro,i love this game
76561198341469313,Recommended,299360,30062305,Posted: 20 February,all,Kaka_Puffs,This game is freaking awsome accept when you play with noobs.
76561198310335767,Recommended,299360,30014733,Posted: 18 February,all,ivanuki05,A cool game
76561198316934394,Recommended,299360,30017024,Posted: 18 February,all,F-WORD,"I LOVE the game. 10  out of 10 but there are some problems that I have when playing for a while. Sometimes the game just exits during a match, or just when the match starts I get a message saying that the game has crashed and then the game closes. please fix the errors."
,Recommended,299360,30053494,Posted: 20 February,all,Raykki,"Extremely fun.The roles and characters are well balanced and all of them are really fun to play, what guarantees that you wont get bored since there is always a new char to try.All roles are important, so you can pretty much help your team doesn't matter your play style. if you like strategizing , building blocks or simply shooting and killing, it doesn't matter, block and load finds a place for you to lay down, relax and play however you like and still have some wins in you history."
,Not Recommended,299360,30066695,Posted: 20 February,all,Queen (ENG),"To me the game generally feeled like a drag, from the first building phase where all most people do is camp in a corner to the action phase where teamweark doesnt happen."
76561198058071034,Recommended,299360,29774039,Posted: 7 February,all,Unnamed Player,So many♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(mehikanos) in this game. Definitely needs some sort of segregation. Really good game otherwise.
,Recommended,299360,23262335,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Emirate,"Started playing this a while ago, fell in love with it. Please play it!"
76561198353565671,Recommended,299360,30104619,Posted: 22 February,all,Zmoney9,it is really FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299360,19333067,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DarkSnyder,*sigh* I miss the good ol' beta days...
,Recommended,299360,30083642,Posted: 21 February,all,CHOSEN 72ONE,it's pretty good I guess
76561198350119989,Recommended,299360,30088217,Posted: 21 February,all,Monkster BOB,My favoirt game
,Not Recommended,299360,17681443,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ultra boost,"I really want to re live the game when it was actually fun. You needed team work and skills to play this game. Then f2p. All that enjoyment gone. Servers filled with noobs and kids, just no more teamwork. Its just sad how this game can change from a fun cooperative game to this. I really want to play again but its just not possible."
76561198233392880,Recommended,299360,30193304,Posted: 26 February,all,the real bendy,fun but chrash much
,Recommended,299360,30199751,Posted: 26 February,all,TLi,very good not p2win game.Best experience with friends!
,Not Recommended,299360,13933541,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Soup,"I paid for this, played it once, and never came back."
76561198138574649,Recommended,299360,13462377,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CaptainCrimsonjack,Its a great game where you use many different items to defend different posts that are large cubes and use a strategies to attack and destroy their defenses and destroy their cubes to win. The game is just alot of fun and makes you use your brain to do the next step in your attack.
,Recommended,299360,21138826,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,fuzzymonkey11,Worth a Download
,Recommended,299360,25976430,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nyvern,"good stress reliever, if you lose alot of competitive matches in Overwatch"
,Recommended,299360,33160301,Posted: 2 July,all,SeniorPigu tipofthehats.org,Is very good
76561198086574414,Recommended,299360,33734823,Posted: 22 July,all,Jon Thor,I spent money on this game. And Jagex is neglecting this game. I think. I haven't played the game in the long time. I am going to assume there is neglect because Jagex neglects their children (games) but their older children they nurture..
,Recommended,299360,18499097,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,dadith,High octane gameplay
76561198001128795,Recommended,299360,33946267,Posted: 1 August,all,neg231,brilliant i would recoomend it to anyone wanting to let off some steam or blow stuff up great idea thats great on papaer and in preactice its amazing and free (if you ignore the in app purcheses)
76561198126048384,Recommended,299360,21319047,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MightyLoaf,Great blocky FPS and better than overwatch
,Not Recommended,299360,17487491,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Bryce,garbage dead game.
76561198027994280,Recommended,299360,34188854,Posted: 12 August,all,Ismaru,"Block N Load is a funny combination between a team-based shooter like Team Fortress and a building game like Minecraft. It doesn't feel like it has a huge community but it's still a fun game nonetheless.Pro'sMore than just a first-person shooter because you have to build and defend your own base tooFunny style (the screaming announcer's voice is awesome,""What da block u waiting for?!"")Nice diversity between all the various characters. They each feel very unique in gameplayQuite a few maps to playConsQueue times are sometimes on the longer sideSometimes teams win with pretty cheesy tacticsBlock N Load is a fun game that I return to from time to time to play together with friends. If you like shooters but also building things, this is a great combination for you!Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,299360,18308503,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/TripleTeamGaming2,"I love this game, and will still continue to play it. However, the hacking at this point is starting to get out of control. It appears unfortunately the devs no longer seem interested in sloving this known issue. Although I very much enjoy this game, I regrettably cant recommend this game.also paid 3 dollars USD for this game on sale when it wasnt free to play, now im tilted"
76561198076817561,Recommended,299360,18630155,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Andrew Armstrong,"Initially this game was a waste of money (quite a lot of money too!) and poorly optimised pile of trash. However, when this game became free-to-play it suddenly began to become playable and now that the community has picked up a little the game is actually quite fun. I still wish that since I paid for the original game I could get the 3 new characters for free because the game is now free and all you get given if you paid is some character re-skins. All in all, I would recommend the game to new players and would also ask people who already have the game to give it another try. :)"
,Not Recommended,299360,15932879,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kyruss,I paid for this game the week it came out...then they made it free to play
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,299360,35017377,Posted: 17 September,all,Supreme Petters,>Free to play>Nobody plays
