user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,299480,18536773,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Blackcompany,"Developers promised a light, fun, co-op shooter with lots of customization. And we bought into it, to support this idea. Then the developer changed their minds and made this into a grind-focused Rogulike with perma-death and item loss on death. Apparently, this was done because ""the community said so."" On social media sites, of course, not here.When we complained about losing both our money, and the game we actually bought, the devs blamed us for ""not being there"" when the decision was made. Never mind the FIRST decision we made to support their game as it existed and was promised. Nope; its out fault we didnt have a voice, because we didnt follow them on all manner of social media sites and shout louder in the forums. Forget promises or what we were sold - the change is not only not one a lot of us wanted, its apparently OUR fault for NOT speaking up to hold the developers to promise they made.Please, dont support this."
76561198024079206,Recommended,299480,32320017,Posted: 10 June,all,SLAYER,"This is, in a nutshell, a great little timekiller.Basically you have a number of playable characters with which you go through a series of levels. You kill hordes of goblins and orcs. At the end of each level is a boss waiting for you. Every character has its own gimmick. They have varying stats as well as different weapons. They each have an ability with a specific cooldown period. One shoots a large barrage of little rockets, another gets a short period of immensely boosted firerate, to name two examples. To complement your play style, you find some secondary weapons, which get damaged and eventually broken as you sustain damage.During your journey, you are given various powerups, either found in chests or purchased from item stores in each level. Every boss also drops one or two powerups for you. These last for the duration of your entire run. When you start a new game, they are gone and have to be collected over again. On the other hand, you get perks for each character through leveling them up. Needless to say, perks stay with your character forever, making them grow gradually stronger for every next run.When you complete a level and go for the next one, you can stop and return later. Leaving a level uncompleted, however, will make you start from the beginning of that level. That is so even if you may have completed more than half of the level. This is how saves work in this game. You have to complete your current level or else you will start it over with the powerups from the previous level. This is not an issue though. At least for me. If you read through the other reviews, you can see that other people found it unpleasant. You decide. Reconsider getting this game, if you want a more precise spot-on save system. Levels are short and they gradually grow a little longer as you approach the final level. But all in all, you should be able to clear even the longest one in 15 minutes tops.Now let's go on with some pros and cons:+ Good variety of playable characters+ Fun platforming+ Pleasant visual appeal+ Fairly good replay value- Might get tiresome to play the same set of levels and kill the same range of enemies over and over again. The game could definitely use an expansion.- Same with the selection of powerups available. It really wouldn't hurt to double the number of available upgrades. Off the top of my head, I can already think of interesting replacement weapons. They could be unlockable powerups or even readily available for new heroes. How about an activated version of the flail that is not just spinning around but swung around manually, for example?In the end this game is worth the price tag and doesn't come with too many issues. It all comes down to lack of variety, which might be the only issue that will bother most people."
76561198043663357,Recommended,299480,31470846,Posted: 30 April,all,PaleMimic,"Run and gun action? Check. Heaps of unlockables? Check. Absolute chaos? Check.Rogue Stormers does many things, but it doesn’t disappoint. It’s an action-packed, rogue-like that you just can’t put down. There are various characters to choose from. Numerous perks and unlockables to bag. Oh and did I mention there’s pandemonium at every turn? Here’s a proper run down of what Black Forest Games’ latest creation has to offer.Lets start by talking about the story. It’s a somewhat simple one to be fair. An army of orcs and goblins is attacking the town of Ravensdale. You’re job is to kill them all and defeat their leader, Hector von Garg, which is not an easy feat I can tell you.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game consists of seven levels, each with a different boss at the end. Sometimes you will have to face off against a gate keeper, a sort of floating metal ball that fires lasers and energy orbs. Then on some stages you’ll have to fight against one of the various mini-bosses. There’s a large robot who jumps around and fires lasers and bullets everywhere. Or a strange black octopus creature that launches purple and black orbs at you. Once you get used to the attack patterns of the various mini-bosses it’s fairly simple to take them down, providing you live long enough to figure it out.The levels themselves start off fairly simple. Shoot goblins/orcs and find the way out, along with bagging yourself some loot along the way. You pick up money as you progress allowing for you to purchase air drops or buy unlocks in the shops, which are usually placed somewhere in each level. The air drops come in two flavours; cheap purple ones, which give you health, gold or xp, or more expensive yellow ones which drop xp, health, gold or even secondary weapons.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Secondary weapons what are those? You might be wondering. Well let me explain. Each character has two weapons, the primary one, which you start off with, and the secondary weapon which you can pick up from chests or from rescuing the captured townsfolk. I’ll go into more detail on the primaries once we get into characters.But first let me tell you about the secondary weapons. These can range from a simple handcannon, which fires a large bullet, knocking enemies back, to two weapons in one. Ever wanted a sniper rifle that could create a black hole when fired? Well now you can. It’s fairly in depth stuff and I’d be here for hours going into full details. But I’d say it’s very cool and leave it at that.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There are five characters altogether. Ranging from an arsonist opera singer to a psychotic barmaid called Stabbygale. They all have different primary weapons, shotguns, rocket launchers, sniper rifles etc. as well as their own unique skills. My personal favourite is the Ripsaw, which is part of Stabbygale’s twisted arsenal. Basically you throw out saw blade which hooks onto enemies, pulling them towards you for a satisfying blast to the face. The slimetastic Camille has an ability that fires a missile barrage, homing in on nearby enemies, blowing them to smithereens.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Lastly I’m going to talk about overall gameplay, graphics and mechanics, that sort of thing. Graphically  Rogue Stormers is fairly pleasing to look at. Each level has highly detailed backdrops. The enemies are all very easy to point out, even in the high amounts of chaos that ensue, as well as that, you can easily see where you are within the chaos.The gameplay itself feels reasonably smooth, the jitters and frame jumps are very rare if not non-existent. Then there’s also the controls which feel quite fluid, whether you’re using a mouse and keyboard or a controller.There are some bugs here and there though. Enemies being inside the walls for example, but that did rarely happen, as well as not being able to block missiles even though I used the shield. But those are things I can overlook.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall I’d recommend Rogue Stormers to anyone. Within the first 20 minutes of playing I was completely hooked. It’s fun, crazy and full of content. If you need something new to play and love chaos, I mean lets face it who doesn’t, then Rogue Stormers is a must buy. Good Day!"
76561198071594947,Recommended,299480,22579988,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,pinwolf,"I can only judge single player, but for this it's definitely worth the money. It's not an easy game. You really have to pay attention what you are doing and what's going on. There are a lot of hazards and the enemies give a hard fight. The random level creation can come up with some pretty wicked situations. One has to play carefully and smart. It's not 'casual' but pretty hardcore. Expect to die and rage-quit a lot in the beginning.Grafics are superb and controlls exact. The whole setting is quite funny.This game has charm and quality + good game-play. I can recommend it."
,Recommended,299480,22641103,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[mXc]The Deviot,"Rogue Stormers is a really fun, and challenging game. It takes the twin stick shooting of Robotron 2084, the side scrolling shoot 'em up play of Contra, then adds a nice dash of Gauntlet's monster portals, and multiple classes. It is then placed in an oven, and baked to a golden brown. After which it is topped with some Rogue like elements like randomized environments, and perma death.Also it is very addictive, and has a challenge level right up there with the Dark Souls games. Ergo, you're going to lose constantly, but have fun doing it. Eventually you learn some enemy patterns, and chisel your way a little bit closer to victory.Best of all it has four player couch co-op making it a great party game so long as you're willing to use your TV like a monitor. Full review:https://commaeightcommaone.wordpress.com/2016/04/22/rogue-stormers-review/"
,Recommended,299480,32987936,Posted: 29 June,all,Nodicus,"Rogue Stormers is a side-scrolling, rouge-like, twin-stick shooter with 5 different playable characters; each with their own weapons and abilities. As you play with each character, you level them up and gain different perks, which themselves can be upgraded. The controls feel smooth, the colors are vibrant, bosses creative, and I can't complain about the music (though I listen to my own most of the time.) As for the difficulty of the game, I suppose it’s kind of hard (to begin with anyway.) You’re not going to beat the game in your first couple runs. Keep in mind that you are leveling up and gaining perks during your runs. Therefore your runs will get easier with that character over time. In each run, there’s also a bit of luck involved. Since the levels are procedurally generated, sometimes you will come across better items early and sometimes not. Though I don't think it makes the biggest difference, it doesn’t detract from the fun either. Similar to other rouge-likes, you have one life. If you die, you begin again from the first stage. Personally, I like this feature. After all, there are only 8 stages. Beating them all in one go, without checkpoints, is what feels accomplishing. As you play through each level, you can come across keys, chests, and stores. One thing that stood out to me in this game was the respawning of enemies. Being accustomed to Rogue Legacy before this, I was unsure how I felt about that. However, I came to appreciate the fact that they respawned (however never as numerous as the first time you enter a room and it's not every time.) The reason I ended up appreciating this is because sometimes you are just a couple hundred gold away from buying an item, or really need to stock up on some health before a boss fight. The benefit is that enemies drop both of these things and can be handy when you're in need. It also might be worth mentioning that I play this game with a controller and it is quite comfortable that way.As of writing this, I've played 26 hours of the game. Within that timeframe, I've beat the game twice with a single character (for the sake of the achievment.)  Beyond that, I'm not sure how much more I will play this game. It is definitely a good time killer, and there are other achievements to be unlocked by beating the game multiple times with the other characters. At this point though, I feel I've already seen and done everything with one character, and I'm just not too interested in doing it again right away. I've got a list of other things to play anyway. I suppose if they add more levels, if I want the achievements, or want to play co-op, I'll come back to it.But to sum up, considering the game is $20.00 and so far I got over 20 hours of gameplay out of it, I'd say it's a justifiable price. The Summer sale of 2017 is currently going on, and at only $4.00 for this game, I'd say it's an easy yes to pick up."
76561197995867380,Recommended,299480,22557488,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,That Damnable Mr. Munkee,"Been a helluva rollercoaster getting this one to launch, but the devs ended up with a much better game and an arguablycrappier name than they started with..."
76561198280699539,Recommended,299480,27679880,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Datora,"Excellent lite roguelike shmup. 5 characters, random generated levels, nice graphics, fun wepons and items, precise controls, perks that stay on you char. even if you die, 4 couch co-op multiplayer... My best black friday 2016 buy."
76561197993668040,Recommended,299480,31314886,Posted: 23 April,all,Spiked-Wall Man,"There is something about the games graphic design I dislike, but I can't quite put the finger on it.I think the developer needs to put more end rooms in, like 3-4 more bosses, maybe another variation on the final boss and more of these golden-sentry balls.But I put 30 hours into it and killed the final boss with every Diese... Rogue Störmer, so I have no reason to not give a thumbs up"
,Recommended,299480,29281976,Posted: 15 January,all,Jer,"Think Contra + Risk of Rain. Side scrolling shooter supporting 2-4 player co-op.Pros:- Roguelike mechanics mean each run is different- Fast paced action and lots of killing- Decent soundtrackCons:- Crashes. My number 1 complaint. Happens way too frequently to ignore. Made worse since the game revolves around unlocks and crashing will mean you lose some things you've unlocked that run.- Feels like the visual effects should have been cleaned up, often the screen is just a mess of effects (not in a good way like other fast paced or bullet hell games).- Clunky camera. When moving between ""Rooms"" the camera jerks in such a way that makes it difficult to enjoy- Multiplayer de-sync issues sometimes resulting in clients taking damage from unseen enemies or obstacles.Overall, it's an ok game if you like the genre, worth a go (on sale). But it feels unfinished, unpolished. Had the devs taken a few extra months to clean up the visuals, sounds and quality of life improvements it would feel a lot better. Plus fixing the crashes, obviously.I give it a 6/10"
76561197997966155,Recommended,299480,12718184,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,Will re-write after I play the final version.... so far looks amazing!
76561198117942381,Recommended,299480,22666440,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Tallos the Dark,"While this game takes some getting used to at first, once you get the hang of the character you are playing as this game becomes a blast to play. The only problem I've had with the game so far is that multiplayer (at least for public matches) is fairly dead (right now) and there are certain parts of the levels that cause slowdown. Other than that, I thoroughly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,299480,20311596,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bangcat,"Well our first day of going back into the game is complete, but feel I should give it another day tomorrow. At this point I figure I should drop some thoughts.-using alt tab seems to let the game still dominate the screen, making it a bother to tab out and talk on skype among other things.- health is not very plentiful and feels like it should be a little more.- I'm not a fan of EVERY character other than your starter being locked wit the only unlock option for the others to finish the other various levels that in the begining, you're probably NOT going to complete and get your first character in one sitting.- You level up, yet it feels like even the stage is getting MORE difficult for leveling up, and the scaling of how much damage they can take according to who's with you can really break the game.- Sadly I still think converting everything to rogue like and losing all progress is something being over used and done in the likes to sell games with the buzz word rouge like, but I suppose that's a personal feeling.- In some cases durring online games the lag spikes really yank and unsteady the pace of everything from platform movements to character placing.- For some reason the camera can start yanking left and right on some stage lay outs, like the game confused it's self with a lay out and makes it nearly impossible to work some of the platform elements. Even if not, why the screen would yank the cam off of you left and right to the point you're nearly off the entire screen is an odd bug.-If you're paused while online, nothing updates, but the game continues. As such you could be brought back to life and getting killed, and you'll have no idea as the ONLINE pause menu seems to treat the game as if it's still in offline one player mode. Your friends continue on, may even bring you back, and if no one says anything, you will die again, costing the team.- another hard hitting point, unless you're friends with someone on steam or skype to talk, you're NOT going to be communicating with ANYONE in this game. It's not the worse thing in the world, but it exasperates the problem above.+ However, I do still like ragdolling and gibbing baddies all over.+ The enemies are interesting+ Character designs are interesting,- but I feel with the difficulty curves where they're at many players won't ever get to use most of them...+ It's nice to see that the button mapping owrks now. It's a little cumbersome and in it's self in a few details has a bit of a learning curve but it's manageable for most of us.+ It's nice that the odd design choice to allow peple to run around when they're already dead, potentialy holding up the survivors, has been fixed.----------------------Over all the game has vastly improved, but it still has more bug fixes to go, and some of the design choices still feel to really wall people off from some fun at a rate that does not feel progressive. You can get better at the game, you see yourself better at the game, but then the first and second level still climb in difficulty as you lvel up, further hindering the reasoning it feels to such leveling up. Unlocking new items for potential drops is cool with the news paper clipping bit, and the choice of upgrade that seems to happen whenever is kind of neat too, but I don't really feel like I'm able to progress much, and behold my first charachter unlock remains hidden away behind finishing stage 2 which has yet to happen for me either by just hard luck, difficulty cranks of the stages already present, or the odd scaling of various other players just trying to have fun with others actually making for miss matches that hinder their survival chances instead of helping.Within this nugget hides a diamond in the rough. If the game could support mid game drop in and out game play when levels are in progress, that would be good. If you had some more charachter choices to suit different play styles from the get go, or at least a bit faster as I had stabagale in the earlier version after a bit of play, that also would've helped. But there are still design choices and bugs that are holding it back. Great game pay concepts, fun action, guns blazing, and the little return of the old character models as stormer interns is a grand fun experience to watch get ragdolled. But I'm just not able to play with any new characters yet, progress, and the game seems to almost punish me for keeping at it longer.....Maybe I just am not good enough at the style of game now, maybe I'm missing something, but I would've thought that after out manuvering my fellows, other players finally coming in later after mine was the only room public on a saturday afternoon for a while, and over all seem to be the leading element of various players of how to deal with obsticles and enemies alike that maybe, MAYBE, I would've gotten past STAGE 2 after about what felt like three hours or so.At least a character unlock under a different unlock design like previous builds perhaps.But again, I just might not be good at it, but I can say I saw just about nothing but wolf people out there, and supposedly one goo girl who quite out after getting killed early who was the only high level of us all to even have another character.So yeah, improved, but it feels like it needs more. I'll try again tomorrow.[Earlier review bellow]Going on year two and the game has gone thorugh many changes, sadly not for the better. The concept of the origional game holds place in people's hearts yet sadly converted into a rouge like that doesn't quite capture what the kickstarters wanted. These things might be forgivable if more progress has been made, but in reality the screen to re map even a game pad, or have three pre set control methods is there in the menu, but doesn't work properly for your controller re mapping pleasure.The characters, weapons, and world design has some interesting imagination to it, but it's drowned in issues that sufficate the entire package into making a lot of people even think the game was abandoned, which is said NOT to be the case. Yet sadly the last notable update that was made recently has only further made the game unstable and thus more crash happy.As of this writing, the game is pretty broken. Between crashing, re mapping menues that don't truly re map all buttons for controller, a hard to justify loading time for even it's launcher, and the over all heart break that is many people who hoped for a shooter with some slight RPG building elements seeming more turned into a die once start from scratch mentality with everything, makes it feel like a game that's stepped backward into alpha, tripped over it's own feet in trying to do something popular, and cracked it's crown until it forgot what it was.Despite all this, I keep it a bit harsh but real, because I do keep hope for the tittle in it's concepts and world design. If they got back to their roots, and really knuckled down into the work, this game could be a loot grab smash that would set some bars for others, teaching games like shoot many robots, how to do it right with a much more thought out plot and concept that's more identifyable with imagination. But until they dare to get back to those roots, or at least really start making progress forward again, this game has fallen into a kind of developer hell.It feels like it indeed has been abandoned by a chunk of it's origional ideals and developers. Don't spend much on it now, not in it's current state, but do put it on your wishlist and following so you can see if it turns it all around, because the idea of the game it was MEANT to be ORIGIONALY is indeed quite the interest with what could be very solid game play.But right now it has a long way to go, a lot of growing up to do. Still I'll be checking back on this one, because I want them to take these harsh thoughts and not give up, but move forward with them."
76561198080076366,Recommended,299480,22681817,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,PeteyD,"It's decent, I wish there were more people in multiplayer.Multiplayer is badly implemented for online play. You can't join a match mid game. I don't think you can join a match after a mission, haven't found anyone to test it with yet.It's not like I can queue and play single player while I'm waiting either.Maybe the community hub will help supplement the lack of in game community functionality."
,Recommended,299480,22689110,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cesar The Salad,"It's a fun platformer shooter, and it's very hard.It's also a rogue-like, so every time I had to replay the first level (which was plenty), it was like playing an entirely different level every time.Also apparently the game saves when you reach a new level, but if you die once (which again, is very easy), it's game over for good. So if you think you can handle that go for it.#2hard4me #IamBad"
,Recommended,299480,23224169,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bored of Canada,"I got this thinking it'd be a good couch co-op game but it ended up being more addictive as a single player experience. New patch released a bunch of fixes people were complaining about.I'm glad I got this, it's been a lot of fun so far. I hope the devs find better balance options for couch co-op. It's so much harder playing co-op than single player."
76561197992383985,Recommended,299480,22622449,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,wb70ss,Lots of mindless fun
76561198052295542,Recommended,299480,22634546,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bokster77,"Run and gun + RNG + challenging difficulty = one hell of a fun and really addictive game!I never played a game for 22h in the first 2,5 days as far as I remember ;)""Just one more run""..."
76561198029635568,Recommended,299480,23473850,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Detrimiser,"Hello there i wanna give my review to this game.I played this game nearly over 1 year, the most time in the ""early access"" version and was able to play ""different"" version of this game. And i got the feeling that they had listen to the most suggestion which i made.Befor i go the positiv/negativ parts i need to say, i cant describe with words what i feel.Positiv:I love the art, the music fits, the 5 Characters fullfile their role pretty good and i am completly caught in the atmosphere.It exist plenty different upgrades and secondary weapons which gives a good feeling for replay.With each ""levelUp"" with your char you get perks (you can chose from 2) which are effective. For example you get 3% primary damage (stacks up to 5) or for each beginn of the mission 50 gold (stacks up five times = 250 gold)Something else:Personal i dont think this game is so hard as the most mention, but perhaps i am only lucky that this games lies in the area of my skills.It exist perks (and upgrades), which makes some upgrades nearly useless. But they added to the ""useless"" upgrades a little extra upgrade, like 5Hp, so if you get something which beats your ""low upgrades"", the ""low upgrades"" doesnt lost sense. Example, ""green hopper"" gives an extra jump and 10% heal effince, an legendary upgrade gives infinity jumps. Now green hoppers is only half effectiv, but still somehow effective (in the ""early access"" version they lost completly any sense).negativ:As lot as i love this game, i need to mention that it went to early out from ""early access"". It was playable, yes, but it exist to many bugs. Now the bugs vanish with each patch, but some solution feels like they went out to fast (destroys the gameplay feeling).The upgrade spawn is .... often not what i would like to get^^. I often get nearly only HP, which i dont need. So the game takes longer then i wanted.I would say, i am pretty bad to give a review, if you have question feel free to ask. One way would be the Forum, at the moment there arent much people.I cant say anything to multiplay, because i have an crappy inet, so i didnt try it.Overall i recommed it to buy/play it, i like Rouge Stormers very much."
,Recommended,299480,28139887,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DEEP FIST,Tops.Steady progression and unlocks.Unique bosses and enemies.Each character plays differently.Challenging enough to hold my interest and a great feel to it.
,Recommended,299480,31507165,Posted: 2 May,all,Kekoas,"A fun, challenging and well balanced game. Don't give up in the first few hours, get some perks under your belt and you'll soon start clearing full runs.If you enjoy games like The Binding of Isaac, you'll probably enjoy this. Although, this doesn't have RNG that will end your run like Mr Isaac and Co can do, you can however have OP and sub-par runs depending on the drops.I do hope they create an expansion for this. Going beyond the last boss would be awesome."
,Not Recommended,299480,22690943,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ChaosD1,"This is the only game I've ever refunded. I'll get that out of the way right now. It's not a game that I can even remotely recommend in its current state, as while I can see potential here, I don't know if this game even knows what potential it has, or where it really wants to go. This is a game I REALLY want to like, but I just can't in this condition.I was in great debate in buying this, because while I was ALL for it seeing the trailers and footage, the reviews made me wary. A lot of the recommended reviews always seemed to recommend this tentatively, while the negatives had no problem voicing why. I feel I completly understand the first ideal. Again, I see really interesting potential, but if this current iteration is ""launch"" quality, I think we might never get there.First off, this framerate completely eats when moving horizontally, which is not only murder to a side-scroller, it's not easily deflected by ""your computer sucks!"", as I purchased the 4-pack for friends and each of them experienced the issue.Granted, that was hardly the first sign something was wrong. The game downloaded vastly different amounts of data on each of our PCs. My install total was slightly over 4 gig. Another friend had to install over 5. Another only 2. The one who's download consisted of only 2 gigs was then unable to start the game at all and gave up in frustration immediately. The rest of us dropped off after seeing the odd issues.Enemies spawning into walls while their shots went through them.Items in co-op appearing for other players and then vanishing when they attempt to take them.The frankly ridiculous amount of shots it took to kill ANYTHING, even the standard mooks, in this Contra inspired game.Boasting 5 character classes, and having them all locked behind a progression wall, forcing us all to have to play the same character.The fact the game would LOCK you into keyboard controls in an invite-only multiplayer match, because it took the ""shift-tab"" input for the interface as a signal that you suddenly wanted to use a keyboard instead of a controller. The only way to fix this, mind you, is to spam buttons on your controller ONLY as you're loading into the match. Once you're in the room, you're stuck with what it gave you, and have no way to change it.(I was recently made aware this was just fixed, so there might be hope yet. Too late for me, though.)These all frustated my group so much they all immediately swore never to play it again, and refunded my gifts back to me.These are the kind of alpha/beta level bugs that easily should have been ironed out or addressed in Early Access, but the stories I hear of this game having changed its name and direction so often in Early Access, is immediately telling by the condition of this launch title. I know we live in the age of digital media, and developers can fix their issues, or change their games with a simple upload now, but to be out of early access, claims this is representative of the final product. Unless it completely changes from this state, I can't recommended this at all, unless you have faith this really is just another beta stage."
,Recommended,299480,33820883,Posted: 26 July,all,Syvlian,"This game is really good, but the controls could be better, and it's still got quite a lot of broken areas,  monsters getting stuck in walls, etc.HOWEVER, Aside from all the cons, this game is still very playable and probably a lot better than it started out, I know a lot of people were dissapointed in this game before but I think it's pretty great myself and is sweet for a couch game.8.5/10 in my book, could use some fixes though."
,Recommended,299480,22712371,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"Having a ton of fun playing this so far. It reminds me a bit of Shoot Many Robots, but it has a cool Gauntlet feel to the levels and how they're broken up and it brings that sweet, sweet Roguelite touch with satisfying character progression per play and slower but steady permanent perk progression as you collect experience orbs. It's a difficult balance to get right since it's the line between ""classes"" and customization, but this game has the right combination of random start and progressive unlocks, and since a recent patch has great pacing between those permanent upgrades too (was previously a little slow, but they fixed it). Some might find the character permanent perk progression a little bit less than ideal because you have to pick, blindly, between two random options... But get over it and enjoy the game, it's really well made.Will update further if I have more thoughts. Currently feeling like this game hits a lot of right notes and is priced very fairly for the frantic, fun gameplay. I want to try the co-op more, as well - bet it's incredibly fun!"
76561198042890140,Recommended,299480,22728017,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SFF,"A fastpaced and surprisingly fun and addictive Roguelite shooter.  Players take control of one or more of a group of five soldiers out to take back their steampunk city from its tyrannical ruler and his army of mutants and magic-fuel powered machines.  The game combines fast-paced twin stick shooting with tough as nails roguelike elements and has very tight and fluid combat.  The graphics are amazing, the enemies are varied and fun to kill, and the boss fights are suitably intense.My only real complaint so far is that the music is somewhat repetitive."
76561198016003941,Recommended,299480,32178620,Posted: 4 June,all,jdgonzo82,awesome lil' rogue-like!! took me around 18hrs to complete a full run and kill both end bosses...after days and days of grinding. all worth it as the pace is perfect and the upgrading comes at a decent pace ensuring you always have a challenge on your hands. presentation is good but the music is a bit nasty so i usually mute it and stick on something i like...well worth picking up if you're looking for something to grind in...has elements of Isaac and other like games.
,Recommended,299480,31751932,Posted: 14 May,all,A Wild Pokemon,"TL:DR; @3.50, yes. easily.Drawbacks: Compared to other Roguelites, you start with one character only and rest are only unlocked through progress. The scaling throughout the game is somewhat weird, both in consideration of multiplayer and individual play. Health doesn't refresh every start of the level, and the game will continue to get more difficult - making it somewhat reliant on the permaperk upgrades that you get by grinding the game with a particular character.Positives: Online multiplayer! It's a lot like being able to play local arcade Contra or couch co-op online. It's a unique enough experience that even if you only play it for a weekend, I would consider it $3.50 well spent."
76561197988534641,Recommended,299480,34192413,Posted: 12 August,all,CaptainVigilante,"It's good, but is it 20 Bucks Good?No.Is it sale good?Yes.Pros:*It's a platforming Roguelike, you can play it with a mouse and keyboard (I prefer this method) OR you can play it via controllers (Still good, just don't play slime girl with it, she's better with keyboard and I'll explain why later) and it's concept is pretty simple one to grasp.  You jump on stuff, shoot bad guys, jump on more stuff, shoot more bad guys... collect powerups via chests, stores, POW guys.  Navigate a Randomly generated series of rooms, kill boss- do this 7ish times.*Thematically, it's fun - I love the character designs, all characters play rather differently (or different enough), the game has some bit of attitude in it's rather extensive lore...(though I feel like with the way you unlock pieces of lore I would hope there is a deeper rooted backstory).  The designs are somewhat refreshing, overally aesthetically this game is kinda cool.*You die a lot, but you get persistant upgrades with an exp bar that does not reset on death.  After horribly maiming yourself a dozen times the game does start to pick up speed while being challenging yet not COMPLETELY dependant on upgrades.  If you're some gaming prodigy you probably can knock this game out in a few goes - also you don't have to die in order to get the permanent upgrades and you can technically farm a level a little bit.  (Farming sucks as a mandatory mechanic but I accept it as an option for the sake of having the option)*Couch CoOp - If you can give your friends a 5 minute crash  course in how to play, you can essentially get a team going.  Provided you have friends.*If you don't have friends because you smell bad and nobody loves you, there is online multiplayer.*Power Ups that you gain and find in the level are substantial enough to feel a difference in power when playing.*Blue Projectiles only hurt enemies, Red only hurts players, Yellow Hurts everyone - This is important and anice simple way to keep track of the onslaught of bullets sometimes.Cons:*Single Player can get boring or broken sometimes - It feels like it's fun for a couple of sessions but then you find the need to put it down and do something else after maybe dying a couple of times or playing a couple of levels.*Tiny as hell graphics, I love the design choice but at the same time it's hard to tell what is what on the screen.  Also some enemies are tiny as hell and hard to read.  The game does amazingly well in clearly displaying projectiles as ""HEY THIS IS RED OR YELLOW DON'T TOUCH IT"" but the Melee attacks from the enemies don't really have any indicators to show they are attacking and as tiny as some of these enemies are... you sometimes simply can't tell.*Couch CoOp is fine, however one thing I don't care for with the controller inputs is with the mouse and keyboard we have some sort of crosshair or aiming mechanism- witht he controller we don't.  Also I would prefer there be a shoot button than just leaning the right thumbstick.  It's alright for anyone with rapid fire but it makes characters with an actual reload rate a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play especially solo.*Multiplayer online is dead, extremely dead.  There is no one- but then again with the price point what it is- I don't see the multiplayer scene expanding any time soon...or ever.So in reality, it's a good game for what it is- but I think honestly the price really hindered what could have been easily a developed cult classic with some fine tweaking."
76561198003271946,Recommended,299480,28832142,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Step,"A worthwhile purchase for me.Metal Slug with Rogue-lite elements mixed in. The game is challenging but fair.The controls are responsive. The main reason I bought it was for local multi-player on my Steam Link, and the game does not disappoint! Runs like a champ and with 3-4 other players with you on the couch it was really worth the $.However, I would even go a step further. I've found myself loading the game even with I haven't gathered the troops. I find the solo-play game play enjoyable as well.If you've looked at the game and it looks like fun, it is. Buy it and share it with friends."
76561198004445058,Recommended,299480,29953765,Posted: 15 February,all,Prof. Schoaskadoffe,"pos:-no crash-no lag-no bugs-funny game, worth the 4€neg:-4 player is chaos"
,Recommended,299480,33667307,Posted: 20 July,all,DeeJay,"nice arcade game! i recommend to play with one friend, single play is little booring."
76561198037157856,Recommended,299480,33825822,Posted: 27 July,all,trottier.wong,"I've only played this game in single player mode, so can really only comment on that experience. But as a fan of side scrolling twin stick shooters, I love this game.Rogue Stormers does not hold your hand. There are no long tutorials telling you how to play the game. From the outset, prepare to kill or be killed. Some enemies are easy. Others require a lot of fire power. You get upgrades, and you got to choose whether to keep one or gamble on something else. You even got to decide about trading your health for upgrades.The best experience is mouse and keyboard. Controller has a weird layout and needs getting used to, and you'll nonetheless  lose accuracy.One funny detail is that the goblins come from an organization called Goop -- which, funny enough, is the ""alternative medicine"" company that Gwyneth Paltrow runs. I'd like to think, that in this universe, Goop enthusiasts ingested the wrong homeopathic herb, which turned them into a horde of killer goblins.Another thing I love about this game is that you can play on almost any hardware released within the past 5 years. I managed to get it to run on my crappy HP Stream 11, which is runs a Celeron processor and has only 2GB of memory. It also runs great on my Lenovo ThinkPad T440p that runs on Ubuntu. And, of course, it also runs great on my desktop PC that runs on an i7 processor, with 16GB of RAM, and a GTX 1050 Ti.Which brings me to the graphics. For a game that works on low end hardware, the artwork is beautiful. I enjoy the character models, the setting, and the various weapons effects.Over all, this is a fun game. I rate it a 4/5."
,Recommended,299480,31715158,Posted: 12 May,all,Pretentieux,"Let me just say right now that with a friend or two this game must be loads of fun.  The developers of this game obviously knew what kind of experience they set out to create and to that end I believe they have done an excellent job.The regular price of this title at $35 US is high however.  To the type of person this game is meant for, Rogue Stormers is a solid pickup at the $15-20 mark.  I almost feel bad for how little I paid for this and I hope that the developers are nothing but encouraged to continue making games and become even better at their craft."
,Recommended,299480,12450746,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Man'sLaughter,"Updated 3/21/2017Short summary: Risk of Rain meets Metal Slug.  A rogue-lite that consists of minor platforming exploration while blasting orcs & various murderous contraptions on the way to each randomly-generated level's boss.  I am having a lot of fun after having not played for a little over a year.  Much positive progress has been made.Features: 5 characters, each with their own primary weapon & special ability.  7 randomly generated maps with a fixed boss somewhere in each.  Playing provides XP to the characters, whose levels & perks gained from them will carry to every new run.  Power-ups include single-run items a la Risk of Rain or Rogue Legacy.  These can provide stat boosts or unique effects.  Secondary weapons can be found that provide more firepower but at varied cooldown speeds.  Supply drops, purchasable power-ups, and key-unlocked chests/rooms are scattered through each map.Gameplay: There is a good bit of risk/reward in choosing whether to continue exploring the map & risk dying/excess damage, or to simply move onto the boss at the risk of being underpowered.I really like the combat.  It's your typical dual-stick style run-with-keyboard, aim-with-mouse sidescroller similar to the controls of Bastion or Crimsonland.  Very smooth, which is really needed due to how hectic things can get.  A short-cooldown dash helps with maneuverability.  As a game control preciseness and intuitiveness freak, I regard it highly overall.There is a little bit of story flavor included as unlockable scrolls phrased as newspaper articles which explain what's going on between the good guys and Baron von Whatsisface.Graphics:The game looks great, that's for sure.  From BFG reps on the Community boards, it is an upgraded version of the engine than ran Giana Sisters.  Sadly, it's not optimized and is therefore heavily taxing very good systems based on Community reports.  With my underpowered CPU I'm running at 1280x1024 and it still looks great.  Unfortunately, when things get really heavy the game no longer stays at a steady framerate while slowing the whole game down; it will just chug and sometimes characters and items will jump crazily.  I think this is mostly due to things spawning off screen and not the overall demand of particles & graphics.I've only played single player of the latest incarnation."
,Recommended,299480,12431985,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,[Brocketeers] Avalanche™,I like it... It still needs a lot of work but I enjoy the consept and theme. It is a little to early to tell where this game is going put I would say that if you are looking for a Co-Op action this sure is a game to follow.
76561198005420486,Recommended,299480,11949883,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,DarkShepherd,"The game in general so far is alright. I plan to play it some more which is why I bought two pack copies as I plan to play this with someone else and see how that works. I definitely would not say it's worth $18.99 for one copy and $29.99 for two when the sale is over. Maybe they will add a ton to this game in which case it would be worth that but only if they plan on never adding DLC. If they do plan to add DLC then yes this game is over priced for what you get judging by what they plan to add to the final game and what they currently have. I do love the visual style of the game and you can see a lot of time was put into detail. I don't regret paying the sale price of $17.99 because that's basically $9 each which is about what I feel it's worth right now ($8-$10).That aside, there are a few glitches but it's early access so it's not even worth mentioning! I like the controls and I love that you can access other windows on the computer because this game doesn't force you to keep the mouse in their game window or to be in fullscreen. Basically you can go back and forth with instant messaging, check your facebook if you have one or do other things while playing this on the side. The visual cstyle and everything looks really nice, aside from some textures feeling out of place with lower quality. The lightning/light orb does get annoying as it bounces around a lot where I'd rather it mostly follow me, so that is quite distracting. This game seems meant for multiplayer, as I'd imagine it would be really fun with others playing with you.All in all, I'd suggest buying it but mostly if you have friends who can play with you at this stage of development. Also I'd only suggest buying it during sales because $18.99 is overpriced where the game stands at the moment."
76561198135421324,Recommended,299480,17468175,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,chriswnw,"I've been looking for a game exactly like this for awhile. I'm a huge fan of Spelunky, and was looking for an equivalent game that was more weapons oriented.  Nuclear Throne is a fun option that I really enjoy, but I was looking for a roguelike action game with more modern graphics, and with a side scrolling -- rather than top-down - orientation.  Risk of Rain is another possibility, but again, I'm not a big fan of the pixelated graphics, and I always disliked the fact that one couldn't aim diagonally or vertically in that game.  Dieselstörmers is far closer to what I was looking forDieselstörmers plays best with dual sticks.  Although the left stick does aim, the fact that you're also using it to move creates inaccuracy, and using both sticks, you can walk and dash backwards while shooting.  You shoot automatically whenever using the right stick.  As far as I can tell, you never swap out your primary weapon, but you'll find more  powerful secondary weapons in short order.  You also have a cool-down ability that enhances your weapon's capabilities.    You can find temporary upgrades to weapons and armor that expire when you die, but whenever you complete a mission, you receive a permanent ""perk"", that stays with you as you repeatedly die.   I'm generally not a huge fan of permanent upgrades in action roguelike games, as I prefer a game that one can complete in a single run.  One shouldn't have  to die hundreds of times in order to earn enough gold to buy sufficient upgrades to complete the game (as with Rogue Legacy).  That said, this game doesn't seem to verge too far in that direction. Gold doesn't purchase permanent upgrades -- only the completion of missions does, and if one were to complete the game in a single run, they'd have access to the same ""perks"" as one who dies multiple times.I'm hoping to see more variety in secondary weapons, as I've only counted about four or five in the first two missions.  I'm hoping that will expand in subsequent levels or in future updates to the game.  The game is not complete yet, so I'm excited to see what features they add in the future.Gut gemacht, guys.  Es freut mich sehr, das Spelunky-Shooter endlich zu sehen, das ich mindestens für ein Jahr spielen wollte.  Liebe Grüße aus den USA und viel Glück mit dem Project!"
76561197989273094,Not Recommended,299480,31794357,Posted: 16 May,all,War,"Arcade rogue-like platformer with an excellent back story with refreshing, almost nostalgic, graphics. The sound effects et al. are decent but nothing spectactular. There are multiple characters to level up, semi-dynamic level generation, and a healthy amount of weapons/powerups to make building a character enjoyable--the large number of character perks not withstanding.Where Rogue Stormers falls short is in it's save mechanic--or lack there of. There is a tedium to replaying from the first level once your single life has been exhausted. Heals/gold et al. are frequent enough, but the ground-hog day effect gets very stale after a few playthroughs.This may well be a more enjoyable game when played in an online CO-OP format, akin to Gauntlet et al., but I have yet to find any games active to join. Likewise, the primary english group, present in steam, has a minute roster.This game is enjoyable and I do find myself going back to play it, however, only in short bursts as a ""time killer"" more than the raw enjoyment of the game/universe--the magnitude of repetition being too excessive.Due to the ground-hog day nature of the game's mechanic and the lack of a healthy online population, I cannot recommend this title at full price. It is well worth it when 90% off (what I recently picked it up for) but at full price the title is not money well spent."
,Not Recommended,299480,11413610,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tea.  Earl Grey.  Hot.,"Sluggish, crashy, and unplayable in it's current state.  But, from the 10 minutes or so of gameplay I could stand, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does this game have a lot of promise.If the concept interests you, keep an eye on this game.  Just don't buy it right now."
76561198030375553,Recommended,299480,25934493,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vita Cordes,"At first it's quite chaotic which might set people off. But after beating level one for the first time you'll get used to it.The same goes for multiplayer, you might lose track of your character during battle but after a while you can follow your character without issues.The game is great and has really nice mechanics. It's a really nice feeling how you truely notice you get better every time untill you beat the game.... and again.... and again.... and again.... .you know the drill with these kinda games :DThere is a group called storm troopers play coop that you can join. And by adding some people you can easily get some co-op going on, great community :D+ fluid motion+ chaos control+ awesome pick ups+ great difference between characters+ nice increase of enemy difficulty- you'll have to get used to the chaos (but once you do, you feel like a pro)- Beating level 4 is hard... but once you do you will probably run all the way trough 7- some characters aren't really usefull solo- never seen a public group by strangers"
,Recommended,299480,32021200,Posted: 28 May,all,clodious,"Edit: When I purchased the game I did not know that Rogue meant permadeath. With that in mind, if that is the type of game you are into then yes this is a great purchase.Game would really benefit from having save points. You have to beat it in one shot or start at the beginning every time.This is a really great game. Game play is good, controls are tight and responsive, graphics are beautiful and the difficulty reminds you of the good old Contra days. My only problem with the game is the lack of a save point. Maybe is just because I'm old now, and don't have the time to sit in front of the TV for however long it takes to finish a game (good old teen years). A save at each of the chapters would have been more than reasonable I think, but having to start the game over from the beginning every time you die kinda sucks the life away from the game. Great coop game though, until you all die."
76561198347421165,Recommended,299480,34750184,Posted: 4 September,all,FruanK,"Although with some bugs, it's a good rougelike game worth playing with your friends."
,Recommended,299480,33886781,Posted: 29 July,all,Zferrell,"Not sure why this has mixed reviews. This game is incredible. The movement is smooth, the shooting is excellent. It's got awesome powerups and the perfect amount of health drops (not too many but enough to help). You collect xp orbs which level your character up, and everytime you level up you get to pick a new perk (at the end of the mission if you complete it). Each charcter can level up to 60. The perks are kept upon death. You also find some pretty cool secondary weapons, like missiles, bullet reflectors, drones, sentry guns, health bombs, etc. These secondary weapons lose durability when you get hit so eventually you have to pick up a different one to use. Also each character has their own weapon and ability. The levels and end bosses start out somewhat easy but they get harder and harder the more you progress. Absolutely a fun game and  If you like platformer roguelikes/roguelites, you'll love this game! SHow some support for this sweet game and the devs who made it!"
76561198024975130,Recommended,299480,14310317,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Cartoon Head,"Rogue StormersScore out of 10CommetsGraphics8.5Really beautiful artwork put into the levels and scenery, the models are gorgeous and the a good amount of detail on the greenskins.  There has been the odd glitch here or there, but only in passing and nothing game breaking. The game world, even though in a dank setting manages to be both 'ye olde' looking steam punkish yet very vibrant. Personally I would have like the view to be a bit closer to the character to see a little more detail, but that is more a personal taste thing and does not distract from the game itself.Sound9/10Again top quality, the weapons sound meaty and meld very well with what you are watchingGameplay8/10The most important part of any game is the actual gameplay, and Rogue Stormers does not disappoint.  Basically is a a sidescrolling 2D twin stick shooter.  Shoot where the right stick is pointing (at least with the first character, not unlocked the others yet, even though I did play a little with them in early access when the controls were slightly different. Randomly generated levels where you make your way through and a boss level every few stages.  You gain xp throughout which when levelled the game offers you 2 random perks to chose from that become permanent to that character, so the second playthough is slightly easier.  There are a few minor bugswith enemies and gold stuck in scenery, but again nothing game breaking so far."
,Recommended,299480,27855919,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SuFR,Incredibly fun Rogue-lite with better graphics than most in the same vein and a gameplay style akin to Contra or Metal Slug.
76561198005603757,Not Recommended,299480,31865422,Posted: 20 May,all,Jinzoun,"After my perk selection, 2 so far, the game won't let me do anything. the back button will click and make a sound but nothing happens. A bug where I have to then restart the whole game this early on is worrisome..."
76561198038037769,Not Recommended,299480,30176454,Posted: 25 February,all,treelaunka,"The 1st 2 classes are the best classes in the game, and everything you unlock after are worse and worse than the starting 2.So-- the game has bad pacing, and the rogue-like is sort of bad. The way to beating the game was to have one friend take all upgrades, while I just supported him.Fixes would be to balance the classes, not have you unlock all characters by the end, since the game has zero re-playablility,  and also balance drops in between mulitple players. They should share drops, so one person doesn't need to hoard just to succeed in the campaign."
76561198068200869,Not Recommended,299480,33457168,Posted: 11 July,all,Entirin,"Great game when working correctly.  The last couple of weeks when playing the ""Couch co-op"" mode it randomly removes upgrades that have been aquired from each player.  Makes getting to the last stages almost impossible.  Will thumbs up once this bug is fixed."
,Recommended,299480,13811691,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wakdikyat,Camera is jerky. First platformer to give me motion sickness.  It would be nice to have an option for camera view.
,Recommended,299480,28085209,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LiDDeRz,Got a 4 pack to play with friends and its so much fun!Harder the more people are playing which is unusual for a game like this and makes it really a lot more fun with friends.Solo game is also very fun but much easier as you gain more gold and seem to become over powered quite quickly. It is not too easy that it isn't fun and it will punish you if you don't keep your focus.I got the 4 pack for under £10 in the sale and its worth every penny and more.
76561198019156789,Recommended,299480,30857619,Posted: 31 March,all,Capt Von Trapp,"I was not here for the early days of this game, I got it after it released to play with my boys.  First and foremost, this is a fun platform run and gun game.  The controls are nice, I did not like it when I played at PAX South, but I like them now(dontknow if they changed anything).  On top of being a good side scroller, it is fun and the rouge-like elements add some challenge and meat to the game.  Overall, a great co-op experience so far."
,Recommended,299480,25507235,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,来细数你的罪恶,还不错
76561198095924054,Recommended,299480,28449478,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,FusionJay,"The game is pretty fun, it almost feels like the binding of issac.- Map layout changes for each new game.-7 levels- Plenty of perks and able to stack them much as you want, through purchasing them from shops or unlocking chest- Unqiue special abilitiy for each character and able to pick up special weaponary that uses a meter, which refills.- Fun boss fights-60 Permament character leveling upgrades VS the perks you lose everytime you start a new a game, which makes the game more enjoyable and easier each time you play it.I haven't beaten the game yet, but the only thing I can really tell you, which dissapoints me about this game is the lack of online play. The servers are empty, no ones is playing online, so if your considering buying this game for multiplayer you should grab a couple of buddies to jump on the bandwagon with ya."
76561197983870004,Recommended,299480,29085946,Posted: 7 January,all,ragecage,"Good game! Get it on sale if you like 2D, side-scrolling, twin-stick games with plenty of upgrades, unlocks and permadeath. Characters/story is forgettable, but the gameplay is smooth. Some hitboxes are unfair, but that just makes it a challenge. There is some permanent progression when unlocking/using later characters, which is nice.Definitely fun!"
76561198015081451,Recommended,299480,29305469,Posted: 16 January,all,Sevn87,"Great game, beat it with a friend. Feels like a modern day contra. My only complaint was there was no way to save the game in multiplayer (there is in single player.) It takes a couple hours to finish, Fun to play by yourself or with a friend."
76561198334070957,Recommended,299480,27915395,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NHG//thel337,"Grat graphics, good game play ... challanging"
76561198086430385,Recommended,299480,27754712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Djoudha,"superb, addictive, can play solo"
,Recommended,299480,22911532,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[HK]Jack,"8 / 10Pro :1 . Satisfying Enemy dead effect. Whats better than massacre tons of orks and having their flesh splash all around the screen ?2 . Random Generated Challenging levels . I love procedural generated game , that give you surprise and replayability . Although it might upset for the play who prefer storyline campaign , but , if you like story, you could watch a movie , what a game really needs are surprise and replayability.3. Online multiplayer!! Have fun to coop with your friends !"
76561198024874460,Recommended,299480,11538248,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,AWESOME!!! So muhc lov ein the details! Great game already!!
76561198132218679,Recommended,299480,11943524,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,masterbakermatt,"Now before I begin, I must say this is a fun game, and a good concept. You play several different levels and each level gives you different items. Those items are always materials you need to make your own gun. You can also find extra materials throughout each stage. As you progress, you get better guns, and can kill bigger and badder enemies. The game somewhat resembles Shoot Many Robots, but with more customization of guns, and no armor or any other sort of gear. Just guns.That being said, this game definately has its flaws. One of the main things about this game that I had a problem with was that there are very little explanations for what you are doing. What is that glowing ball that they call an arc? Why am I fighting? Each stage has a difficulty level but I don't know my own level, if I even have one. Another thing that bugged me was the stages. They all felt randomly generated, but not in the good way. Some stages just felt like no human in their right mind would think the layout was a good idea.The game does try and give you slight explanations for everything, but it doesn't really make much sense. If you look by the lack of explanations, then we can look at the gameplay. I do like the gun customization, but I don't like that there is no other gear to get. You won't get any armor or customization items besides the guns. The only thing that makes you and your co-op partners distinguishable from each other is the color. Everything else looks exactly the same.Overall, the game is fun, but it doesn't have what you would expect from a full fledged game. lt is in early access, and is the reason why I still recomend it. I can see a great future for this game once the problems all get fixed."
76561198027925593,Not Recommended,299480,33359274,Posted: 7 July,all,apmx,A lot of bugs just ruined the great idea.
76561197972432008,Recommended,299480,30017112,Posted: 18 February,all,aku911,Great local co-op.
76561197970718513,Recommended,299480,28629941,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SuperCabbageThruster,"This is basically *that* Amiga game that your friend loaned to you that you'd cry yourself to sleep over when they asked for it back. Its actually so much fun... i just wish there was at least 'some' multiplayer activity. I'd love to play coop with people, but besides that this game is mint, and a steal for the sale price! GG"
76561198144746529,Recommended,299480,31891195,Posted: 21 May,all,Blue Fuckin Muffin,"I picked up this game for a Couch Co-op Game with me and my Buddys, Absolutely loved it, My own major nitpick is really I wish it was a *BIT* more Vibrant in colors but, I do love this game lol. 9/10."
76561198059165846,Recommended,299480,30690387,Posted: 23 March,all,Scrotes McGotes,It's a comfy metal slug roguelite.
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,299480,22761999,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jack Burton,Had potential but having to restart the missions over and over becomes tedious and very unpleasant.
,Not Recommended,299480,28946908,Posted: 2 January,all,Captain Whiskers,"Rogue Stormers is a decent game but lacks many features to keep players enjoying the experience when starting the game as there is a slow build up when attempting to flesh out your character with perks and a sore lack of customization. The system would not bother me as much if it didn't take so long to build a character as any changes I may want to make will require a level wipe and a fresh playthrough of the chosen character. Characters are fairly generic, few, far between and unfortunately they seem to be the only thing keeping new players interested in playing as all of the character progression is largely under the hood and quite uninteresting.Enemy variety is acceptable but when the developers showed a random generation feel to the levels (Which is not much more than a texture flip) then I presumed a mix of enemies would also be present throughout the game however each level has its own line-up of enemies that can spawn and you won't see certain enemies until later in your run through the later stages of the dungeon. This is not inherently bad however the game builds up far too slowly and forces you into fighting the same enemies many times over before your character finally becomes strong enough to breeze the first missions, where you then fight the end game enemies on repeat as you are now more capable of reaching the end game reliably. There should have been a larger amount of content to sell the 'Adventure through the dungeon' idea or a random generation of enemies to keep what is currently there less stale. The most fun you will have is collecting power-up upgrades throughout the levels however there is no option to continue your run with all gear collected to another dungeon because once you win, you win. It's a shame that there is no option for an endless run and would have added some needed longevity to the game and may even have made coop a selling point again.Fortunately the gameplay is enjoyable and due to the Rogue-Like elements when you're lucky enough to try new upgrades and make great combinations of those upgrades during a run it can be a lot of fun, however this could have been a much more enjoyable game with some deeper character progression, enemy types and quality of life changes as the game seems to be best enjoyed when playing single player as all the upgrades found on a run must be split between players when in coop mode and this dampens a lot of the core gameplay experience of racking up and combining the many upgrades found radomly in-game to tackle enemies differently which is a large part of the enjoyment behind Rogue Stormers. Another annoyance when playing with friends will be that all your projectiles are the same colour, this can become quite confusing and was a big oversight from the developers as aiming can become a mess with 3+ players. I bought this for a coop experience and just found it too slow and uninspired to hold my attention but I did enjoy the time I spent playing it and would reccomend the game when on sale.I don't reccomend playing online if you're not the host due to poor netcode, you will die, a lot - And you may even get trapped in mini-boss rooms because they like to lock you inside and never open again due to a bug, but that's all gonna be fixed soon right?... Right?!Edit: Game consistantly bugs out near the end of the dungeon and prevents progress in coop with bosses not spawning, and rooms locking you inside. Can't really reccomend this garbage."
76561198059099891,Not Recommended,299480,22628945,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[S&C]Scatman223,"I do not recommend this game to anyone.  This was a nice try at a side scrolling, bullet hell shoot'em up, but it seems to fall short.The replay value of the game is somewhat lack luster and the characters are not that interesting.  Along with that the game is so reliant on you getting ""level ups"" while playing for you to even make your player stronger in game.  This leads me to my second issue with the game.The game frequently crashes after a couple hours play time.  This means that any level ups you earned while playing are gone!  This is unacceptable for a game that is completely reliant on that feature of the game.  I played for 4 hours and it crashed twice each time at the end of the play through.  The first time I was even on the final boss and it crashed.  This either needs to be fixed immediately for me to even consider playing this game again.All and All, I would not buy this game for myself or any of my friends if given the chance."
76561197969593119,Not Recommended,299480,29174745,Posted: 10 January,all,Codc,"Terrible unoptimized and buggy coop roguelite shooter. You can level up your characters to lvl60, but why bother when 5 levels are all you need to beat this game.Don't waste your cash on this and simply replay your old games if you feel the urge to play coop shooters with your friends"
,Not Recommended,299480,28568536,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Das_Model-=]FF[=-,Game's too busy visually (which may be ok by some) but the main issue is that there is no tutorial... because of the visual design things are obscured and hidden in the background and you just don't know what to press or what to do to move on to a closed area etc... Looks nice but poorly designed.
76561197992245707,Not Recommended,299480,28602586,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Beard_Plays_What,"WIth all of the rogue-likes out there it just seems to blend in, I originally wanted this game for a side scroller rpg....... The decision to go rogue-like came out of nowhere. It is a responsive shooter, but I'd rather not worry about the fickleness of rng......"
,Recommended,299480,34214600,Posted: 13 August,all,A Meme Reborn,"I usually don't like these 2D games, but the upgrade system is so much fun!"
76561198090934295,Not Recommended,299480,19557717,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Scootz,"I think the fact that most of the positive comments come from people with less than 10 hours, some less than four hours, show that this game just isn't really worth it.As for everyone downvoting this, check out all those below one hour gameplay good reviews, there's like three over 10 hours. It's so bad that even the good reviews are terrible."
76561198340137315,Not Recommended,299480,31918564,Posted: 23 May,all,哈帝的愤怒,A very bad bug in the game.the game will crashes when you die in the game.its a very bad thing. It should be fix as soon as you can
,Not Recommended,299480,32903484,Posted: 27 June,all,Rahabib,"I wanted to like this game, but the controls and difficulty make this a downer."
76561198298541554,Recommended,299480,31210847,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,ITS FUN
76561197961895053,Not Recommended,299480,22991001,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,breadmonster,"I enjoy the game but have to give a negative review due to the unplayability. Often times games are released with multiplayer lag, frame drop, and other technical bugs. This is one of those times, the game would be fun if it wasn't so frustrating with the FPS drops and laggy input.I can't recommend this game, it is not playable in its current state, still seems like they are working out early access bugs."
,Not Recommended,299480,35276566,Posted: 28 September,all,GreenBeetle,"Nah... Bad controls, tiny pixels, annoying shooting sound effects, poor AI and bugged environment. Stay away."
76561198167015809,Recommended,299480,29503624,Posted: 26 January,all,SilentNiKilla,Fun to play with friends... 10/10 would recommend!
76561198002327251,Not Recommended,299480,30025344,Posted: 18 February,all,REO70599,"This game got problems, most of the PC can't even launch and start the game."
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,299480,22661167,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Gentleman,"meh,,, a bit boring =S"
,Not Recommended,299480,22618771,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kuehnau,"Rogue Stormers is a 2.5D platform shooter. I guess the best way to explain it, it's a little bit like Contra or Metal Slug, with 3D textures. The game gets the ""Rogue"" aspect from the different layouts of the stages presented, but in all honesty, the stages are so generic, that after playing it for awhile, no matter what the layout of the map, it starts all looking the same. Further, the stages always seem to have the same theme of enemies, so while the stage layout is randomized, it doesn't appear the enemies are.There's chests, supply drops, that sort of thing, that also have random loot in it, anywhere from nothing, to weapons or upgrades, to even bombs.I have to admit, I have a chip on my  shoulder. My friend and I were looking for a game to play co-op together. We found this and I bought a bundle and gave one copy to him. My game wouldn't launch. And I'll admit I was pissy about it. To further add fuel to the fire, when I posted in the forums, a developer (I guess?) said that Monday morning they'd look into it. I didn't like this, the game just launched a few days ago and people were already having problems and instead of getting someone to look into right away, they were going to wait until Monday. Regardless of the situation, their studio, their employees, I didn't like the response.I had initially filed for a refund, which was denied because I had to get the gift copy back first. But according to my friend, his copy installed and played fine. Annoyed with this, I spent the next 3 hours screwing around with my PC. Eventually I ran Rogue Stormers as admin, I got a error, this error was related to a missing .DLL file for Microsoft C++ 2015.I already had that installed, so I uninstalled it and tried to re-install it. Nope, no dice, the new package refused to install. After updating all 16 Windows updates, it finally installed properly and the game finally worked. I don't like having to screw around like this for my PC games. The fact all my other games played just fine, but Rogue Stormers demanded special attention♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.So we finally started playing. The first thing that annoyed us was there's only initially one character to select from. Why couldn't they have included more then one? I mean, seriously, it'd be like buying popsicles from a icecream truck and the guy splitting off the other side and only giving you half. Jesus.The difficulty of this game (in co-op at least) is just frigging ridiculous. After playing for nearly 4 hours, we could get no further then level 2. And you know what's even worse? The progression is TERRIBLE in this game. Every time you die, you have to start over all the way from the start, you loose any power-ups or gold you've found, but you can level up and gain these perks that carry over from game to game. In this sense, you can gradually get better and more powerful as you play the game.The biggest issue with the perks system is, your perks don't carry over to other characters you unlock. This is a huge problem because of the insane amount of time and XP it takes to level up. Theres5 or 6 different characters, which means you'll end up having to grind out possible millions of XP in order to have each character unlock perks. This is INSANE. The sheer amount of grinding for XP involved is just stupid. Why weren't the perks spread across the entire account instead of making them character specific?Guess what, after playing the game for almost 4 hours, we both gained 2 LEVELS. Can you even imagine that? Think about playing Final Fantasy, or even playing NetHack, now imagine the game hates your guts, is so hard it's borderline stupid and it takes you 4 hours to gain 2 levels. You can't even choose from a perk tree, it's randomized like a god dang slot machine, so a lot of times you might just be finding the junk perks anyways.There's other complaints about the game I want to address:1. Random people joining private servers.2. The host controlling the other players screens for perks, ect.3. Graphical Glithces where the screen will just go insane for a few seconds.4. For some reason, being invited to a game resets my controls to keyboard and mouse from controller.The bottom line is, I already went into this game upset with having to work with it to play it. When we first started playing this game, we were trying to be open minded and learn how the game played and the mechanics. After almost 4 hours playing, we stopped. We were annoyed and upset, we felt like we made no progress and felt like we wasted our time.Video games are supposed to be time wasters, but they are supposed to be time wasters you enjoy, ones where you feel like you made at least some sort of progress. Rogue Stormers doesn't do that, it treats your valuable time as garbage and spits in your face.Not only that, it doesn't deserve the ""Rogue"" title. It's a generic 2.5D shooter at best with some half-arsed features tacked on. Do yourself a favor and do ANYTHING else with your money then spend it on this garbage."
,Not Recommended,299480,30041809,Posted: 19 February,all,Hale,I would love this game if it wasn't the hardest ♥♥♥♥ing game I've ever played. Dark Souls you say? baby♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to this game.
76561198024442958,Recommended,299480,30591494,Posted: 18 March,all,Binoo,W0W
,Not Recommended,299480,29939782,Posted: 15 February,all,INZANE,LAGlow FPSdid i mention LAG?
76561198015028813,Not Recommended,299480,11947890,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Hex507,Boring gameplay with little of interest to focus on.
,Not Recommended,299480,31376575,Posted: 26 April,all,travismares,Extremely irresponsible developers
