user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,299540,10515709,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,sirfalstaff44,"At one point you're faced with a dilemma - how do you gain entrance to a club being run by a villain, so that you can search for clues?  You have three options:  Go in powers blazing, infiltrate the place posing as a customer, or sneak in through the back entrance.No matter which choice you make, you'll end up hypnotized by the villain running the place.  It's a false dilemma where all paths lead to the same destination.The game is full of these, where all your decisions really do is inform the window dressing.  For a text-based game, where a narrative should be able to be expanded into multiple branching paths very cheaply, this is quite disappointing.  If you've made a text-based game whose central mechanic is simply player choice has less respect for that choice than a AAA game like Fallout: New Vegas, then you've dropped the ball.Embarrassingly, I found a couple of typos as well.  The writing is interesting enough at first, but it gets frustrating later on as you'll probably figure out the big ""twist"" long before any of the characters do, but are powerless to do anything about it.It's amusing for a while on a single playthrough, but that's about it."
,Not Recommended,299540,16736750,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,roadwarder,"“Heroes Rise” reminds me of one of those really bad tabletop RPG sessions, where the DM doesn’t understand what the point of a roleplaying game is and railroads the players into a very specific plotline, where the illusion of choice is sometimes presented but ultimately all “choices” lead to the same destination, and there’s no real input from the players.I can forgive the game for not giving the player a choice in powers. That’s not too huge of a problem to me, as long as there’s still enough variation in how we can utilize that specific power. The game definitelyappearsto give you this, although I’ll admit that I didn’t really explore a lot of the different options in combat, so I don’t know if selecting the “wrong” choice railroads the player into the path that the game wants you to go down, like it does during non-combat choices.And that’s this game’s fatal flaw. There are many moments where you are presented with a choice, but picking anything besides the “right” option will result in the game saying “well, that didn’t work, so you end up doing THIS instead.” That’s not how interactive fiction works. The name of the publisher is “Choice of Games,” right? As in, we get to choose how we proceed through the story? Not so in “Heroes Rise.”Let’s talk about one particular example of railroading in this story: the forced love interest, Black Magic. Early in the game, you (the player, not the character) are asked to name your first celebrity crush. Turns out that Black Magic looks JUST like that person, and is rumored to be their direct descendent. This is lazy writing. It’s the game’s way of saying “Hey, you should be pursuing this character!” without having to actually give them any depth or redeemable qualities, or any real in-character reason to pursue them (beyond the fact, as the game CONSTANTLY reminds you in any scene featuring Black Magic, that this character is just OOZING with sex appeal). It relies on basing their physical appearance on someone that the player (not even the character, but the player themselves) has (or had, once) a crush on, and hopes that that will be enough to justify railroading the player character into a romance.The last straw for me was when (without trying to give too much away) Black Magic creates the illusion of terrible danger for the sole purpose of getting the player in bed. There’s a few options on how to respond to this. I went with completely rejecting her, because holy hell I am not interested in pursuing a character so terribly selfish and manipulative. And after selecting that option, the game literally told me that rejecting her was not a real option, and suddenly my character is sleeping with her anyway.Is there anything redeeming about “Heroes Rise”? I suppose the writing itself is decent. Maybe it should’ve just been written as a story, instead of disguised as interactive fiction. Not giving the player any real choice in how to pursue the story goes completely against what interactive fiction is all about, and thus I cannot recommend ""Heroes Rise."""
,Not Recommended,299540,10647150,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rynea,"A text based game in a superhero setting.Not something I would have expected to find on steam. As I do enjoy books and love customization options in games, including roleplaying and writing little short stories of my own I thought I'd give it a try. If nothing else perhaps it would give me some good memories of playing City of Heroes.Sadly the game couldn't live up to the things the description says it would offer.I was outright shocked that I couldn't pick the hero I wanted to play. I didn't expect to be able to adapt my main protagonist down to every single ability, but I couldn't even pick a powerset, a background or anything like it. I was thrown a bone of a pre-designed character that I could pick gender, name, sexual orientation and favourite color for and that was the full customization available.For a moment I thought about just closing and forgetting about this ""game"", but I decided to see it through. Maybe the story or the other parts of it would be better. The game starts you off in a pre-defined setting, with all predefined characters. I played around with the choices they give you, but the differences are barely noticeable. No matter what you pick the outcome for the story is the same. You always end up in the very same spot, no matter what you pick and not just once at the very end, but all the time at nearly every part of the story.Choice to me always is to influence something, not just to have meaningless statistics go up and down. If the world around my character doesn't react to my interactions in any way, what reason is there to give a choice in the first place?You can do your worst to treat romance characters poorly yet they still end up wanting to be together with you, quite the same applies to other aspects. Theres a lawful statistic, yet you can never really work together with the bad side.No serious customization. no choices that matter. So what remains of this game? It's a railroaded story, like a book and on top of that not even a very long or good one in my opinion.Characters are without depth without motivations that make any sense and cliche is dripping from every corner. Antagonists in the story jump on you without real reason just for the sake that you have some bad guys to work against, but no one ever explains why they even dislike you in the first place. The only real motivation that gets obvious is for the main antagonist and even that one feels very forced, not very well thought through and just there for the sake of having something to make the story work, not because the character feels like they would really do anything like it on their own.Overall the game felt very lacking to me, and not just because it has no fancy graphical options or cool interface. It lacks meaningful choices, good character design and a world that reacts to you as a player. While the price isn't that high for it and I don't really worry about the money, I might have spent my time better by picking up some visual novel or a book instead, or  some other game if I seriously wanted a lot of choices.I cannot really recommend this game as it is. There are many better text based games out there that offer real choices, better writing and on top of that are free."
76561198065934871,Recommended,299540,10509141,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Silverspork,"It's not very often that a story has made me so drawn to characters that I was unable to see, but that's exactly what Heroes Rise: The Prodigy has done. This is one of those hidden gems, tucked in the corner of the closet, just waiting to be opened up. If you're put off by the imageless narrative and text-based gameplay, don't be. It doesn't take away from anything and I personally think it makes it more powerful.Scenes are fleshed out and described with detail and precision. Characters have reason and motives behind them, making them feel a lot more alive than their 2D or 3D counterparts.There are a lot of decisions to be made in this game and it's very refreshing and comforting to see that they do affect the story. Choices matter, even down to how powerful you make your attacks. Do you want to rip apart an enemy boss with a whirlwind or just incapacitate them with a punch? This game is fleshed out by your decisions and by your imagination. It's brought to life by your realizations and the amount of effort you put into it.Graphics are not everything. In this generation with our never-ending quest for true-to-life graphics, sometimes we forget what really matters: the story and the experience.Those things being said, my only gripe is that there is no 'undo' button. There were times when I accidentally skipped over an option because I'd press on my screen twice, making me restart the whole game again.Pick this up, though. You will not regret it."
76561198044675496,Not Recommended,299540,16070496,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Arcko,"If you enjoyed other Choice of Games titles then I recommend not wasting your time. Not only does Heroes Rise take out the ""Choice"" aspect by graying out options based on what they've streamlined you into to begin with, they also take out the ""Game"" as well, railroading you down a series of unavoidable plot devices changed in an almost imperceptible way via what rare choice you can make that has any effect.Possibly the worst part of the game, however, is the main character who either has to be Lawful Stupid or Chaotic Stupid depending on your options. You never choose the right options and often find yourself bumbling about leaving a trail of disasters no matter how hard you try or how perfectly you play the game.Last but not least is the villain which, avoiding any spoilers, literally has to give you a Powerpoint presentation of the evil plan. I'm a huge fan of Choice of Games as well as well as comic book heroes, but you're likely best off buying a different one if you actually want to participate in the story."
,Recommended,299540,10507432,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Locke Taelos,"Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is the first of hopefully many games released under the Choice Of Games brand.  These games were typically released for the mobile and web browser markets, and so you can imagine my surprise when I suddenly discovered one of the Choice Of...games suddenly show up on Steam.Now you might be looking at the screenshots, and seeing the minimalist approach to the game.  It's pretty barebones right? White screen, text.  And...well for the most part that's it.  That's how the games are intended, and the engine is actually available to make your own games.Okay great...enough background. So what is this game?  It's a Choose Your Own Adventure.  You remember those from when you were a kid?  ""Want to see the glorious death you'll receive for making bad life choices? Turn to page 24!""  Well it turns out that they translate very well with text games like this one.   However don't be fooled in thinking that the game is this simple.  Choice of Games has a simple engine that allows for a lot of interesting ways to script events and allows the game to remember what your choices were.For you it basically means that you'll have a Super Hero RPG that you can have multiple playthroughs.  You will have romance options and NPCs to interact and build relationships with in the same way you do in a Bioware game.  The difference? Less pretty graphics.Here's the thing...if you hate reading? Don't buy this.  It's all about reading.  The game itself is relatively dark in its portrayal of super heroes.  It sort of gets increasingly darker as the game continues in the sequel.   I found the characters interesting, and the options for designing my character throughout the game gave me the feeling that I really was making a bit of an impact.The nature of the beast is that the game is kind of linear. Your choices, and you have many of them,  still eventually follow the same road, despite how you might take different paths to get there.   However if you like super heroes, love text adventures, enjoy choices and moral dilemas in your games then I suggest you try this.  You'll pretty much have a couple play throughs at least and considering how inexpensive the games are...I think it'll be worth it to you.I think it'll take you around an hour or two hours to play through it.  Obviously that's assuming you are reading the story.  Typically after the first playthrough you're probably gonna skip through things until you make a different choice and see what happens. Huzzah.  Have fun."
,Recommended,299540,13075513,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,googaplex,"You know, when I initially saw this game when it was released I paid no notice to it. I was pretty sure it would be horrible. I can't say for what reasons, but that was the state I was in.After playing this, I can only conclude that not only does it bring me back to my childhood with the ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" series', it has applied logic which was never possible in a paperback format.The writing done in this adventure was very well done. There are parts where I felt things moved too quickly or weren't very smooth, but they hardly took away from the experience. Even with some cheesy sayings or material (which was sort of fun), it flowed elegantly together in a very enjoyable and suprising story line.The two things I feel could have been improved upon are the romance and the diverse elements of the storyline.The romance at times was very well done, but in other areas there was too much emphasis placed on it; even at bad times. It also didn't mix into things very well at certain points and gave the impression of being randomly thrown in.The storyline at times gave me the impression of making a decision, but the result would inevitably be the same regardless of what I chose, or it would have literally no relevant impact on current or future events. In my mind and what I would love personally, is to see a story intricate enough to reflect every decision made; a story smart enough to step back from any sense of a linear story and see many endings, with many futures. As complicated and time consuming as this would be, it would be epic. From looking over ChoiceScript, it's definitely feasible if someone finds themselves interested. Hell, I'm kind of interested.But in conclusion, fantastic work. I just finished the second one and I'm currently a few chapters into the third. I've heard there is a fourth one in the works and I am really looking forward to it. If it were up to me, I'd like to see this series continue on even after that."
,Recommended,299540,12075312,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dr.Prinny,9/10 A decent game with fascinating storyline.This is the first of the heroes rise trilogyComparing to the hero project and herofall after itThe choice it provides in this one rather easier to be madeIt is the very begining of you acting as a powered hero/villianI've played twice along with the other two in the trilogyIt's just that great
,Recommended,299540,10509166,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Saerise,"Excellent writing! This is not your typical game. You could consider it a cross between a Choose Your Own Adventure book and an RPG. The best description comes from the game's publisher, calling it an interactive novel.You play an orphaned Powered citizen. Milennia City's corrupt mayor is responsible for having your parents locked up years prior. Now you have come of age, and are embarking on your Heroic career. Hilarity and explosions ensue. It's quite awesome.I am not typically into superheroes, but this series has me totally and completely sprung. I can not wait until Hero Fall comes out in a couple of weeks!"
76561198035738149,Not Recommended,299540,11230472,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Trenchcoat Brigand,"I really, really wish I could recommend this game, but I can't - quite. The goal of an interactive novel is to tell a story, sure, but the issue with this game is how many of the choices are revealed, down the line, to be a magician's force - you can make various choices, but you'll end up finding those choices carried no weight.In addition - and I'm still trying not to spoiler here ' there are quite a few 'gotcha' choices where the writing after you select them gleefully points out that you'd forgotten some key aspect that seems so obvious you surely would've taken it into account. (It's impossible to go undercover when wearing your costume - if you choose to go undercover, surely the assumption is that you'd be putting on civilian clothes?)After the game ends, there's an epilogue which presents a number of other choices. These are ignored by the sequel, if you load that up. The sequel is also a real problem for any character who's not interested in fame to justify, meaning there's a Right Way to play the series as a whole."
,Not Recommended,299540,17274708,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Recurve,"""Choice"" my♥♥♥♥♥This game was hands-down, one of theworstexamples of the CYOA genre I've ever played.Why?You don't get to pick your powers, only minor♥♥♥♥♥♥like colors. You don't conduct the plot train, you only get to paint it. CHOO CHOO!The game uses its mechanics to do literally the opposite of what it's supposed to do: It tells you, ""You are not in control of your character."" There were points in the story where they present you withbinarydecisions andGRAYS OUTthe other option. JUST GIVE ME A NEXT BUTTON, YOU ♥♥♥♥ER.The game's idea of a ""choice"" is asking me what my character feels about a decision instead of letting me make it myself. At one point in the gameyouthe main character and an important support character have a very stressful moment. Instead of letting me choose to not react in a way that will make the situation worse, it simply lets me pick which ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing I say/do, in order to make it bite me in the♥♥♥♥♥later for the sake of the main plot.At one point this game forced my character to have sex with another. I chose bisexual as my character's sexual orientation, and later in the game a male character who I don't really like (and have made decisions saying ""not interested""), the game puts me in a sexual situation with him. I see this guy in bed and he's all like ""let's pork"". My character has been around this guy like an hour. I am presented with a choicewalk away from the bed. you're not interested, I pick it. INSTEAD of doing that, my character CHANGES HER MIND and DOES THE OPPOSITE, having sex with the guy. To salt the wound, the next morning, after cuddling in bed, my character thinks to herself, ""I've never been happier"". It's like the author thought to himself, ""People who are bi will screw anyone, right? Even if they say they don't want it, they want it. HYUKYUKYUK""To top it off, most of the writing in this game is ""choose what you like the best before I tell you what it is"". You KNOW that♥♥♥♥♥♥s not important when the writer doesn't even care to inform you of what it is. In other words, this game pads its length by giving you TONS of useless choices that don't effect anything.TL;DR: Buy this game if you want the author to write AROUND your decisions, instead of trying to incorporate it, because it's easier to make money with a linear story, right?"
,Recommended,299540,14651243,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,lovinglife139,"I bought the Heroes Rise trilogy while it was on sale after greatly enjoying the Choice of the Deathless demo (which I still plan to buy). Most of my childhood was spent in the 1990s, so I was able to experience the actual ""choose your own adventure"" novels that were popular back when bookstores still actually existed. At the time, I actually didn't care for them. Nearly every one I read would have ridiculous consequences for choices that seemed logical; your character could die because of a sound choice you made, just because the author wanted to trick you out of a decision. That was my one concern going into the Choice of Games library of games. That, and whether the story would actually suck me in.It did. Let me just say I'm not a huge superhero fan. Sometimes I watch the movies, and most of the time I'll play the games associated with various Marvel and DC characters. But I tend to find heroism too black and white to be practical, and tend to be far more interested in the villains of such stories, so I was a little worried this story wouldn't keep my attention. I read this interactive novel from start to finish in one three hour sitting, however, because it didn't shy away from keeping you actively involved in the outcome of certain events. You even get to make small decisions about what your character looks like that I did catch repeated later, helping you stay immersed (i.e. you get to choose what color your ""energy"" is, and I noticed the game would describe this later on in fights).Is it written well? For the most part, yes. I noticed some misspellings that could be attributed mostly to typos, and for some reason, the author here has a significant bias against using commas before the conjunction ""but"" that I noticed popped up multiple times throughout my playthrough. Are the mistakes noticeable? Yes. Are they game or immersion breaking? No. All in all, I noticed about ten errors over the course of a three hour interactive novel, which isn't too bad of a balance.Is the story any good? Yes. It's mostly a story about going from a nobody to a superhero in a futuristic, arguably dystopian society. The world is just as corrupt as its criminals, with a justice system that crosses the boundaries of reason, technology that is far too incorporated into human life than is safe, and laws that are questionable. You are able to choose where your beliefs lie in this mix, and I was pleased to see I was able to choose a path that wasn't just righteously heroic or immorally anti-heroic. You can also decide what your beliefs are early on and divert from them later, if you so choose, but the game will punish you for this diversion. Throughout the story you are able to choose what sexual orientation you have and you are also able to choose to romance one (or more) of a few characters. Even though I chose relatively early on to romance one character (and had a teen-rated romance scene with said character), I was still given the choice to profess feelings for another later on, so choices hadn't been taken away from me just because I'd already chosen someone else.With that said, there were some choices that didn't quite make sense or that I made that in the end, didn't really matter. (I'll keep this spoiler-free.) It was revealed to me that a character I cared about had a pretty shocking secret, and I had to choose whether to be okay with this new information and accept the character with their flaws or not. I chose to say that I understood and was okay with it--and despite this, my character decided on her own to stop talking to this person and ignore all attempts of communication from them. In the end, it did end up that this could work out the way I had wanted it to begin with, but the story ended up deciding for me how my character felt despite me telling her to feel otherwise, which broke the immersion a bit. There's also a clear trust violation committed against you by a main character, and even though they explain it was done for your benefit (and you have the choice to refute that), you still end up giving into their whims and doing what they've wanted you to do all along, which really irked me. The story ended up telling me that my character just knew ""it was right"", and I honestly didn't agree. Because I had created this character to mimic my beliefs, to see her going against them angered me a bit and made me question the influence of some of my decisions.Overall, this was a well-written game that gave me more choices than I anticipated, and most of them made sense. Quite a few of them mattered quite a bit (for example, characters in this CAN die). I admired the author for steering clear of the goofy superhero format and sticking with the gritty, more realistic superhero formula that won't shy away from killing characters or having true consequences to actions. Although I was a bit disappointed in the mostly uninteresting villains this game had to offer, the heroes themselves had enough downfalls in their personalities to keep me intrigued in their character development. Because I got three hours out of one playthrough, I think the game is worth its full price even if you'll only go through it once (though, of course, there is massive replay value here). If I had to give it a rating, I would give Heroes Rise: The Prodigy an 8/10. This is a great game at a great price that will grab your attention and hold onto it until it concludes in an epilogue, and it should not be missed."
76561198107763013,Recommended,299540,12658898,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,TheAmazingRoxin,"The Short of it:Heroes Rise: The Prodigy a fun, short game (which is reasonable given it's price) that can give you one heck of an adrenaline and emotional rush if you let it. I would also recommend this game (and the series as a whole) to anyone who wishes for more sexuality and gender diversity in the superhero genre. Only down side is the thin line between simple and shallow the game dances on, and the hack job of ""romance"" implemented as an optional subplot.The Long of it:The best thing about The Prodigy, and the Heroes Rise trilogy in all, is that it doesn't reward you for being the writer's idea of a ""Hero,"" but for being consistent in your morals (basically: don't play as a character that's all over the place). While the game does scale this consistency on dichotomies of ""lawful"" vs. ""lawless,"" ""fame"" vs. ""justice"" and ""soloist"" vs. ""team player"" none of these scales are mutually exclusive (despite what the color-coded bars imply) to one another or are viewed as inherently wrong: you could have a defensive soloist with the law on your side but have a penchant to showboating, or an offensive team player that distrusts authority but will work for the best of the group. During my first run I felt like my choices really mattered, but I was let down during the rail-roaded chain of events nearing the (only) climax, but it does pick up the ball again near the very end of the final fight, though it may seem railroaded again because unless you have a wishy-washy character the final choice for the fight is practically chosen for you depending on the ""lawlessness"" vs. ""lawfulness"" scale.This wonderful scale falls flat, again, with a shallow story that may only hold a twist or two for people not versed in the cliches of the superhero genre. The first time I played through, I was surprised at some of the late-game twists, despite having read comics since I was eight (but that may be because I myself am trusting), but afterwards it did all seem very droll, such as the main villain's motivation, and what they do to make your character lose faith in the world around them.It also felt like only a minimal amount of worldbuilding was done as Millenia City wasn't fleshed out (you only get to see about two-to-three areas of the city while it's continually reiterated to be a sprawling metropolis), but the characterswithinare very diverse not only in their personalities, but in who they. I enjoyed meeting many of the characters like The Monk and Fistfull from the Millennial Group (the game's version of The Avengers/Justice League), the three choices you have as a sidekick, and others around the Eastern Fringe. Even the villains like the Splice Circle were interesting. But this leads me to yet another of the negative points: The ""Romance(s)""One of the characters in the game  is specifically tailored to your character's sexuality and gender: straight male, lesbian, and bisexual heroes whose last partner was female have Fem. Main Interest, while gay males, straight females, and bisexual heroes whose last partner was male get a Masc. Main Interest. I can understand that this is so that every and any characters have the option of a love interest. But this is clunkily done because the game prompts you to input a real life celebrity's name as the sole descriptive of the love interest. It feels creepy because the never let that ""descriptive""go. Every time they describe the character you just get a [celebrity's name] face/hair/eyes ect. ect. This traps the character within the realm of ""love interest"" and nothing even approaching individuality despite their unique backstory (and by ""unique"" I mean anactualplot twist), which is really grating. Especially if the Main Interest ends up female, which adds into the ever-present trend of women being solely present in the superhero genre for titillation and romantic (with creepy under/overtones) fantasy. It also grated on my nerve when the game didn't understand my character's no meant ""NO, I don't want a romance"" and I was forced to play out the scene where my character was coerced into going into the love interet's room under false pretenses which was remarkably sexually charged and ended up making me feel angry and creeped, while I was okay with it when I actuallywantedthe romance sub-plot.The game would have done better if the ""Main Love Interest"" was like the other romantic choice. She's only available if you have a lesbian or female bisexual character, butJenny Yu, your superhero-witness-protection-program agent,proves that the writer CAN right a good love interest.Jennyis her own character with her own motivations and goals. Most importantly, nothing about her changes depending on your choices in Character Creation excluding the possiblity she could be romantically interested in your character. While the reveal she is a romancable option is late game (after the climax), it did feel a bit more holistic, mostly due to the flirty lines interspersed in your character's interactions with her throughout the entire game and not jumping to the ""~romance~"" (and by that I mean blacked-out sex) after meeting the Main Love Interest not even five chapters prior. If you're planning on playing the full series, and desire to romance anyone,Jennyis widely preferable the ""Main Love Interest"" introduced in The Prodigy. This deals mostly with my experience with The Hero Project, Prodigy's sequel in which you can transfer up the Main Character along with their stats and choices, but that is not important to playing The Prodigy as a stand-alone.What's best about that is that players don't feel obligated to buy the sequel as The Prodigy nicely ties off the main story, along with multiple sub-plot threads. The ending left me with an upbeat, optimistic feeling and a sense of wonder about where my character would go, which is the best way to end a game in my opinion."
76561198020366002,Recommended,299540,19723954,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,seagullsquest,"9/10I played the entire first chapter. Then I read all the negitive reviews. then I wrote my review. I disagree with most if not all of the negitive reviews. I didn't go into the game expecting anything. Only hoping I would enjoy it. And I did! VERY MUCH! I really enjoyed the fact that you got to personalise a good many parts of the story. You get to chose your superhero name and your real first and last name. But not only that but a lot of other things that make the game uniquely yours and unlike anyone elses.  This wasn't enough for some people.  They wanted more freedom. What they don't understand is every story has to have some structure.  If you want more freedom go write your own story. I was so drawn into this first part I finished it in one day.  I was only intending to just check it out. But once I started I just keep saying ""one more chapter"". And then it was several hrs later and I was done.Besides being a great story, it uses the most powerful graphics engine there is. The human imagination. Making your playing of the story even more unique and unable to be copied by anyone else. And for these reasons I think the game has a lot of replayability. You change there names, their sex, their sexual attaction and more and you have a whole new story within the structure of the main stucture of the game.I'm really excited to play the next chapter. I hear it's even better!"
,Recommended,299540,17738659,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ki11s0n3,"Such a great Super Hero story. I just finished my first playthrough of this and had to write my review immediately. That's how much I enjoyed it.On the surface it's a basic Super Hero story where you have the Hero (you) and an arch enemy. Though before all that you start off as just a normal person except you have powers. Which is pretty common in the future where the story takes place, but only by a 100 or so years i'm guessing. Where in order to actually become a hero you have to register with the government and get a permit. Which shortly after starting the game and getting introduced to yourself your grandmother pays for your permit for your birthday and your heroic story begins.I won't go much more into the story so I don't spoil anything. Even though it's a choose your own adventure and your story will probably differ from mine even if it's just minor. This is the first game in the trilogy and even though it's a choose your own adventure book at heart I do appreciate the fact that since it is a trilogy you are able to save your game and continue it in Part 2.Overall it is an amazing story, at least mine was and I would highly recommend it and urge you to pick up the $8 bundle that comes with all 3 games and the DLC. Even though the DLC is mainly just guides to help with achievements and what not and aren't really necessary I think the bundle still ends up saving you a couple bucks if you decide you want to play all 3."
,Not Recommended,299540,10641285,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Impsy,"I really wanted to like this game. I love CYOAs, I love RPGs, I love reading, and I was so excited that all my choices could actually have an effect - unlike in some RPGs, where it can be limited by a lot of different things.Unfortunately, this game completely nullified most of my choices. The two examples I just experienced that made me no longer want to play. 1) I have three choices, the one I chose and one other are immediately shown to not be effective and make me do the third one. Okay, that's obnoxious, but whatever. 2) Immediately after, I choose the 'this is not happening, I'm going to leave' option, and instead, the game has me do THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE. Dealkiller.Like I said, I really wanted to like this. But the complete dismissing of my choices is too frustrating for me to play it any more."
76561198114456490,Recommended,299540,12959109,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MissLovelyLadyLumps,"My favorite series so far from Choice of Games!Heroes Rise The Prodigy is well written, with an amazing climax, I havent read a book that good in a while @_@Price wise it's just about the same price as a decent book at Barnes&Noble if not cheaper, with the the amount of chapters inside its definitely worth $2.99 in my opinion.If you like/love reading books and like/love games like ME you have to give Heroes Rise: The Prodigy a try."
76561197979535747,Recommended,299540,10518406,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Zeiss,"I highly recommend Heroes Rise. The story is really engaging, as are the choices. Do not mind the absence of images or music : this is an interactive novel and it has kept me in front of my computer until I finished the story. Then I started to read the sequel, with my choices carrying over. I can't wait for the third entry in the series to come out. And for the price it is offered at, it is absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,299540,11138103,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Red Finch,I was really surprised by this. I picked up the demo and FLEW through the first five chapters. It allows you enough creative freedom in your origin story to craft it to how you would like. Reminded me heavily when you create your Commander Shepard character in Mass Effect 1. Look forward to finishing the tale.
,Recommended,299540,11127635,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,RagingPsyco,"Speaking as a body who greatly enjoys story focused games, this was a delight. I meant to give it five minutes and then accidentally stayed up all night whipping through it a couple of times in a row. For those of you who enjoy reading stories, exploring characters, and the knowledge of more chapters to come in this story, then definitely give this a shot."
,Recommended,299540,12832994,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Azradun,"It's a very good interactive story, with some really interesting choices and events. I'm picky when it comes to books and novels... and I liked this game very much."
,Not Recommended,299540,10551851,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,operative,"I don't have much experience with text based games, but I was willing to give this game a try since superheroe games have a sweet spot in my heart.  Perhaps I expected too much from this: like choosing to be a hero or a villain, vigilante or caped crusader, maybe even choose my own powers or create my own character.  However, none of these concepts seem to be involved in this game.  In fact, this game is much more similiar to a short novel (I read through it in 2-3 hours).  Very linear with some unnecessary decision making throw in for good measure.  For example, you can write who your superhero crush looks like. Yet your choices don't have much impact on the progression on the story, really, your choices only seem to affect your ""legend"" meter, which interprets how famous you are.  Also, at times I wished this book went deeper by making the characters, world, or dialogue more believable instead of superficial.  The book is also riddled with various cliches and cringe-worthy character development ( I mean come on, a villain named Lolli that controls  a prostitution ring?).  Nothing about this game seems memorable in my opinion.  It reminds me more of a trashy teen novel than a video game, and therefore, I wouldn't recommend this.TL;DR: 0/10 not a weal gameSIDENOTE: I tried to make my character a soloist, and not fall in love with Black Magic.  However, the exact opposite happened.  I quit the hero team, but the game forced me rejoin anyway.  And I was a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥to the Black Magic yet somehow still she fell in love with me anyway.  I miss City of Heroes.  :'("
,Recommended,299540,10991973,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hooper_X,"Neat, breezy, text game.  And it's ALL text.  No graphics, no music, just you and the words on the page.  It's basically a front-end for an old-fashioned ""Fighting Fantasy""-style RPG gamebook.  You have hit points and superpower points, and you have to choose which powers to use, which actions to take, etc.There are points where the game is essentially on rails - it stops short of ""but thou MUST!""-levels of forcing you down one path, but it knows where it wants you to go.  There are side paths you can take, but the fundamental throughline is very straightforward.It's worth a buck or two just to support this oddly archaic playstyle, ESPECIALLY if you have fond memories of marking the pages of a Choose Your Own Adventure to pick the best outcome...  (you can't do that here - it keeps track of all your choices.)"
76561198052232357,Not Recommended,299540,14268595,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ditsy,"First let me preface this by saying that I like the genre of IF and text adventures and that i enjoy reading traditional books in my spare time.But exactly because I'm a fan of the genre I was rather disappointed with Heroes Rise: The Prodigy, mostly because it has a stark lack of actual choices that have consequences. For the most part you only can expect a short flavor blurb. And while I understand that the amount of story forks and side stories need to be limited even in a purely text-based game there isn't even a SINGLE meaningful choice in the entire adventure or any substantial side story.Another problem is the writing itself, for the most it's serviceable enough but in some aspects it's decidedly less than stellar, mostly when it comes to the villain. While I do not expect them to produce a villain worthy of Shakespeare the main villain and also other villainous characters are just very cheesy and ham-fisted but the author tries to play them straight. As a result I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at many supposedly serious but unintentionally silly scenes.TL;DR: I can’t recommend Heroes Rise: The Prodigy to anyone who likes to have even minor consequential choices or side stories."
,Not Recommended,299540,12751311,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nemi,"For a choose your own adventure game this game gives you too little choice where it really matters. While it is nice to decide on gender, sexuality and other such things the plot and especially the romance feels on rail roads. I heard the sequel is better though."
,Recommended,299540,11162559,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Fiannawolf,If you enjoy making your own protagonist and still have fond memories of Choose your Own Adventure books then this game is a wonderful addition to your Steam Library.
76561198100328559,Recommended,299540,24339418,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Cas,"Lovely and relatable charcters and good writing covered in a generic super hero story.This little flaw doesn't matter too much though, since the management of resources makes it a whole lotta fun during the fighting scenes.Had a great time playing this game.It's in fact my favourite ""choice game"" second to ""Choice of the dragon"".9/10"
,Recommended,299540,10778763,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Avid,"I was a bit unsure about dropping money on a text based superhero adventure game, mostly because there are a lot of potential pitfalls in combining the genres, but I think steam has chosen it's first text based game well. It doesn't overcome the limitations of the genres, such as the sometimes constricting linearity of text adventures, and the cheesiness and melodrama of superheroes, but instead embraces them and works within these constraints to craft a satisfyingly complex narrative that lives up to the best standards of the genres. The choices you make are convincing in how they drive the story, and it's nice to have a meaningful stats screen that actually helps, rather than hinders, you to enjoy the game. For those who already like the genres: you'll enjoy this; for don't like these genres: look elsewhere; to the majority just looking for an entertaining game: keep an open mind and I promise you'll get your money's worth. This is a smart, well written adventure, and that's something anyone should be able to get behind."
,Not Recommended,299540,10822520,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Uncle Touchy,"In the world of text gaming, there are hundreds of examples of excellent narrative. Most could pass as novels of their own if published. Unfortunately, this game does not fit this label. If published, it would be instantly ridiculed for its formulaic plot as well as its absurdly limited character devolpment. As a game it is even more laughable, containing less diversity in storyline than a choose-your-own adventure book. The plot, character development, and most importantly gameplay were comically archaic, given that ""text games"" with exceptional examples of the above have existed since the early 90's."
,Recommended,299540,10764394,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,amythetinysaur,"OVERALL REVIEW: YES IT IS WORTH IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY ITThis game represents the most important thing, I think, that makes or breaks a video game: the story. There are no graphics, it's completely text based and yet I don't feel like it needed them anyways. The story and the emphasis on the choices you make is absolutely enthralling. I normally don't sit down and finish a game, I'll put it off till later and eventually get to it- not the case with this game and it's sequel.I stayed up until 4 am (started this one in the evening) just to get to the conclusion of both games. Overall the time to do one run of this game is about 4 hours. But there's definite grounds to justify replaying this game- there are so many choices to make after all.Overall great game, and I'm really looking forward to the third game in this series!"
,Recommended,299540,14001828,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nyx,"Although more restricted than titles such as Choice of Robots, Heroes Rise is still enjoyable in its own right. I'd have to say it is more of an interactive novel than a choose your own adventure, if you can understand my distinction between the two. Some choices seem 'not to matter' but actually affect your stats which in turn can affect your Legend score at the end of the game.Some people will be disappointed that they can't decide what powers they get or what their background is, but that is what I meant by an interactive novel. This is part of a series with a plot which can seem a bit more rigid than some of the other Choice of Games. I don't feel this should stop you if you enjoy the idea of superheroes and a setting with a decent enough background.Another complaint I have seen is somebody saying it was too 'dark' for them and they wanted something 'silly'. I don't think that part of their review warranted the downvote. In fact, if you can get past feeling led here and there, the story can be quite moving.In the end, this is not as good as some of the other games from the same company. Maybe wait for it to go on sale if you aren't sure, though honestly it doesn't cost much."
,Recommended,299540,11043541,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mailboss,"Had hot sex with this super chick, then found out her super powers came from a bunch of people with cancer.12/10 Would Bang Again"
,Recommended,299540,10732054,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Salem,"I laughed. I cried. I became aroused.If you loved R.L. Stine's Give Yourself Goosebumps series or any 'Pick Your Own Adventure' type books as a kid, then this 'game' is for you!First off I will say, I wouldn't call this a game. This is a virtual book, which you interact with. There are no pictures. There are no sounds. There are choices and there is story, and boy what a story!Essentially a rags to riches-esque hero themed story, with a heavy dose of moral choices to really make you 'hmm' and 'ahh' on what to pick.If you enjoy reading books and picking the path the character leads, then this is where it's at yo!~OverallI giveHeroes Rise: The Prodigya score of8/10"
,Not Recommended,299540,10742490,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ft.,"This game is kind of like Dragon Age 2 in the regard that it reuses a large majority of the settings for many different scenarios and keep the player on a tight, linear storyline with practically one ending no matter what the choices are. I bought it for 2 bucks during this summer sale, but to be honest, I regret paying for it and I wish Steam had a refund policy. That money would have been better spent on most of those choose-your-own-adventure apps for smart phones, where choices actually matter and the apps are cheaper besides. As someone who actually have been on both ends of this, writer and player, I really can't recommend this game with this atrocious quality of writing."
,Not Recommended,299540,10542359,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,forcemaniac,quite linear choices not very effective story loses its charm when u play multiple times 4/10
,Recommended,299540,10507375,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Jcyguas,A terrific in-depth interactive novel.Worth the buy.
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,299540,10553506,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Malaficus Shaikan,The good:It is cheap.The story is compelling.And it is a good way to kill boredom.The bad:The game suffers from too many just happen to have/happen moments.You hero motivatetion is set in stone.So instead of being just a nice who wants to help people you are the child of two wrongfully arrested superheroes forced into the witness protection programe by bad story telling.Good story telling would have let you pick your own background but moving on.My biggest problem with the game is that you arent given alot of choice.Yeah sure you can deside if you wipe out an entire town district or let the psychopath run free.But where are my choices to help the everyday man.Why cant i simply ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ threating me and have to take him out?How the hell did i get hypnotized when i am strongwilled and paranoid person.The game biggest weakness is that it doesnt give you meaningfull choices.A good story would go like follows:You where a (insert gender here) who was traveling on there way to(insert location here) while underway you heard someone being rob do you(insert action here)Instead of got this.My advise:If you want something to kill some time it does the job.If you want something where choice mather's get alpha protocol.EDIT: the story succed at making me angry.So it is well written.Still i hated the options given to me.There where a hunderd different ways i could have used the powers given to me.Instead i get fail offensively or fail defensively.
,Recommended,299540,11090876,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SunyiNyufi,"If you like text based adventure games, like those Choose Your Own Adventure books, and like superheroes, you will like this. Granted the game is not perfect and a lot of choices don't matter as much as one would like it (something that was corrected in the sequel), still the story is interesting and has a lot of potential to go to interesting places."
76561198071741886,Not Recommended,299540,11008334,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GingerMessiah,"Not your average text-based game. I mean that literally, you don't enter commands like 'go left' , you just read a story and pick the options you have been given with. Not that they are great choices to begin with but it was interesting to see how the story progressed by choosing your attack against enemies. That being said,  the story is alright, but predictable at the very least.  I wouldn't recommend this game as someone's first text-based adventure game. I would recommend playing Zork or hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, if you truly want to play a good text-based game."
76561198095091092,Not Recommended,299540,11055235,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,milaschretlen,"The story itself is okay, not really outstanding. However, my biggest problem with this game is that you have very little influence over how it plays out. Events are scripted, so each playthrough is essentially the same, and you're unable to change course or make decisions that are truely yours. Don't buy, spend your money on something else"
,Recommended,299540,11068940,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mrfunnel,"Excelent story with twists and choices that left me pondering before choosing an option many times. I feel that the creators have done well in creating a sense of reality. If you like a good story, and having super powers is the stuff you dream about (like me just about every night of my life) then this is a sure buy."
,Recommended,299540,11239883,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,~Sirver~,"This is truely an amazing game if you enjoy make your own adventure games, love the quirkey word play and the choices throughout this game.But holy crap does this game get dark along the way!It's great, but imagine you're told to carry a cute little puppy and a cute little kitten down the a path. You know, you're going ""yay, what a cute little adventure I will go on with these animals~!"" going along with the story, this game. Until after a while, the puppy and the kitten slowly start becoming more demonic, bleed from every orafice, head spinning and whaling ""KILL ME~"" at you, and you're freaking out but you have to carry these animals to the destination. And then, at the destination the guy who you're suppose to give these animals to, yells at you ""What the crap did you do! WHAT THE CRAP DID YOU DO!?"" and you can only reply truefully, ""I don't know!"" and start crying ""I don't know!""That's this game."
76561198018588064,Recommended,299540,10904905,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hippoman,"I've never played a text adventure prior to Heroes Rise, for the obvious reason of being before my time. Heroes Rise has kind of sold me on the idea though.What you get (for crazy cheap), is essentially a knock-off Telltale Games adventure (in the best possible way). The story is fairly simple in the Prodigal, but manages a few really good moments. It manages to sustain ""the illusion of choice"" throughout the whole story with only a few hiccups. There are a few decent twists, though the main twist was clear to me even before they started giving clues which the protagonist fails to put together.Heroes Rise also has a fair bit of comedy, both the intentionally written and when you screw with the ability to write in your own name. An example of the latter would be my heroic codename: Grimdark. It was hilarious imagining serious people and heroes referring to my hero as Grimdark. As for intentional writing, my favourite moment was blackmailing two superheroes having a homosexual affair, because it was the most heroic thing to do clearly.The 'combat' is mostly a veneer. You'll have text options to choose a series of attacks that will generally cost a differing number of 'power points'. However despite the games numerous warnings of the need to conserve you're strength and to use appropriate levels of force, I rarely came close to running low and never ran out. Same thing with health, so the risk of hitting zero (and death) is virtually nil.So I do recommend it. Buy the bundle while its at a discount or even after that. What this game is, is a fairly fun romp for a decent number of hours (depending on how fast you read)."
,Recommended,299540,11515833,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Artie Stroke,Absolutely AMAZING trilogy- the writing really takes you in!
76561198000743333,Recommended,299540,10811212,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mrkandeag4ever,"It is like the Choose Your Own Adventure (CYOA) series. I especially love that there is no fancy music or animations, just cut and paste words that you read. If you were from that generation of kids who had those books growing up I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,299540,34912518,Posted: 12 September,all,dov.akiin,"Without a doubt the best text based series of games. I've replayed Heroes Rise probably a dozen times in two years and it's still just as entertaining as the first read.The trilogy really solidified my love for Choice format, with dynamic choices and a host of lovable characters.You know, how sometimes a thing is so good that you wish you could forget reading/watching something just to experience it again? Well, The Prodigy and following three games are absolutely one of those."
,Recommended,299540,11026409,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,glitch,"Do you like super heroes? Do you like reading? Do you like making your own decisions that effect story outcomes? Do you like likeable (and hateable) characters, and a story that is driven by them?Yes?Then get it."
,Recommended,299540,10630641,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yume,"I wasn't expecting too much from this game but ended up loving it. Since it's a text-based game though, there are no images. Heroes Rise certainly isn't for people who don't like to read. But for those who do like to read and don't mind a lack of graphics, I think it's definitely worth the money. I recommend you play the demo to get an idea of what this game is like. The writing does a decent job of capturing the feeling of reading comics or watching a superhero show, but it's a lot more intimate since it's your character. There are dramatic plot twists and over-the-top scenes befitting the genre. The characters are interesting and not quite how you might expect them to be. I also really love the racial and LGBTQIAP+ diversity in the game (and can't help but want even more!).That isn't to say the game is perfect. Unfortunately, while the plot is engaging, the overall events stay the same no matter what you do. There is replay value in the different scenes that you can trigger, but for a game like this, the storyline really should be branching. Your actions should have more effects than they do. The game could also do with some options to change font size and color, and background color. You're locked into the standard black and white. While I don't mind it, I imagine that some people might want to change it. Heroes Rises also needs an option to access the various save files you have. I'd like to play more than one character at once.Despite those gripes, the largest of which is the linear storyline, I still found myself sucked into the Heroes Rise universe, empathizing with the characters and looking forward to what would happen next. I could hardly put the game down. The entertainment I got out of it was worth the few bucks. Just be aware that you might not feel the same way, particularly if the linear storyline and lack of graphics turn you off."
76561198102384275,Not Recommended,299540,10668411,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,happybro,The game is so badly coded that it hangs for a couple of seconds whenever pushing/scrolling/clicking possible options or text.I fail to realise how a simple text based game can be so badly coded.It did not want to start in offline mode too.Fail.
,Not Recommended,299540,17180914,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Veli',"-Do I recomment this game?-No.-Is this a bad game?-No.-Do I regret buying it?-NoHow is that?Wrighting is simple and story is nice. Reading it is fun and you just can stop. Almost every page is a cliffhanger that is making you read the next one.BuuuuutIts way to linear most of the timee and most of the choices tend to be unclear. Making you guess, hoping for a good outcome.There also were times when I was like ""I don't want to do it like this, this is wrong!"" But I had no other choice.Not the best ""choice of games"" game out there for sure."
,Not Recommended,299540,10757733,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Otacon,"Be warned, this is not a text-based adventure game like the ones you may be familiar with (Zork, Hitchikers Guide.. etc.)This is merely a choose your own adventure novel that you can read on our computer. I was confused and thought there would be more of an actual game here but there is not. My bad for not reading more about this and making an impulse purchase but hopefully others do read this and are informed.If you are looking for a choose your own adventure book, then maybe this is for you. I could not get through more than the first few parts as the writing style did not intrigue me. It seems to be written for children who I think may be the target audience for this."
76561198047811576,Recommended,299540,11312006,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BlackRoseFFX,"So this is a game for people who like choose your own adventure or visual novel, which I like both. Unforunately the game is entirely text based, but the writing is very good. The game is set in a world where there are many people with superpowers, and to be a superhero you have to get a license. You start out as a video game tester who is saving money to pay for the hero license. You can be male or female, straight, gay/lesbian, or bisexual. You can use a pregenerated name or insert your own, and the same goes for your alias. The game is a decent length especially for its price tag, which the games are cheaper if you buy the series bundle. Supposedly you can import your save from this game into the second game, but I haven't tried this out yet. The story was great and enjoyable. The only thing I didn't like was that I couldn't just save anywhere, and the strain on my eyes from reading off a computer screen. These games and several others by the same company are on the IOS/Android store. I hope they bring the rest of their games to Steam, but if they do not then I will get them on my IPad."
,Recommended,299540,10588750,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AgentChicken,"Absolutely love this game, The story is very entertaining and addicting. Keeping you on edge on how your character is going to be portrayed be the other heroes, and if he/she survives or not. I played the game for hours, trying to be the Hero that stands up for the ultimate good but isnt afraid to get his hands dirty if need be, and loved the option for relationships and even choosing your own power color/colour.I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves to read and loves Super hero's."
76561198047376422,Recommended,299540,11284332,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Fuchs,"I went into this ""game"" blind to any knowledge of how it would play out, but I took a chance, considering how much I like other choices matter stories, such as The Wolf Among Us, and The Walking Dead.  Man, is it fun.  The story, while not award winning, is fun, engrossing, and gives you excitement to go back and play it a second time.  When playing, I would actually take time with some of the major choices, trying to think of each option and branch that would come from each descision, which is great.  If I feel that invested, then there are some good things going on.  What might feel like 5 minutes turns into and hour and the thought ""Ah I can spare more time playing this"", which is something that doesn't happen with a lot of entertainment for me.There are some negatives, however.  Sometimes, there seems to be a lack of impact with choice.  You might hahve the option to choose a character for some reason out of multiple, but it feels as though there is little change to the story.  However there are the other choices that lead to drastically different outcomes.  Another bummer is that there isn't more customization in the beginning of the game.  You get to select name, costume look, colors, and your energy color, but your powers are predetermined, as well as your background.  Still, the options and later changes are enough to satiate me, even if more would be better.Overall, I'd recommend this for the price if you enjoy stories heavy on choice like 999, The Wolf Among Us, etc, even if there is a little bit of want.  Anything that makes me want to continue on with such fervor is something that I need to recommend."
76561197966720005,Recommended,299540,10759253,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alesch,"Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is much better than I expected it to be.Visually, it stands proudly in the Interactive Fiction camp: a verdant land where graphical resolution is limited only by the imagination, and GPUs never melt. Mechanically though, it is much more similar to Visual Novels, as the player navigates using a series of multiple choice prompts to branch the story instead of a clunky text parser to repeatedly fail at picking up ye flask. What really makes the game shine, however, are the small mad-lib sprinkles. At several points the reader/player/whatever is given the choice between several descriptions for characters/things/whatever. In addition to the default options, there is a magical, wonderful text box.This text box is what allows you to reject all of the suggested options, and have the sexy female hero/love interest (depending on the gender/orientation options you chose, presumably) look like Gary Busey.The IF truly is stronger than the FPS."
,Recommended,299540,11322253,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dragtar,If you wanna be a hero - that's your cnahce!I like this story. :)
76561198039723219,Recommended,299540,10721584,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sir_Dom,"A nice, fun game. Simple but very enjoyable. I finished both HR:TP and HR:THP back to back and I can't wait for the third installment. I'm even now looking for more of the same style. Keep up the good work guys!!!"
76561198069591524,Recommended,299540,10782763,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ny,"Absolutely love the game, some choices make little to no difference, but other choices make quite a big change. Like which sidekick you choose changes the flow of the game completely. It was also a fun story, if you enjoy reading, I suggest it, could consider it a low price book. There are some grammar errors here and there as well as typoes, but those happen and all in all, I enjoyed the game greatly and cannot wait for the third part to be released."
,Recommended,299540,10784563,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,duketimbermaul,"So i had low expectations going into this game but it was a really cheap steam sale. The game starts out by laying out the game systems and the setting while continuing a narative. I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in the third scene because i thought it was about to get furry. Reliefed it wasn't, made a super hero who i quickly realized is the equivalent to Luke Skywalker. Strong but uncontrolled and a whiney lame♥♥♥♥♥ By the end of the game i felt that my character had grown from whiney Luke to backflips in handcuffs dgaf Luke Skywalker.Also, the game let's you 'choose' who your dream girl looks like. I put Jennifer Lawrence. Then i found out you can hookyuppyonthathotqt.9/10 Game Of Thrones with super powers."
76561198050159869,Recommended,299540,10798859,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MergingJester97,Epic game. XD played Both The prodigy and then Project. Can't wait for HOR 3 XD
76561198059041702,Recommended,299540,10753434,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WakeupAltair,"I was rather uncertain of this game at first, but after playing through it, I would definately reccomend it to anyone who ever dreamt of being a superhero (Come on, we were 5 years old once). This game gets the spirit down very nicely, and while there isnt quite as much choice as you would hope, character reactions as well as your characters own monolgues really make you feel the impact of the choices that you make. This is one of the few games out there where you can completely control who your character is, as well as what they stand for. It nails the hopeful superhero attitude so well, and its an absolute blast to experience. In addition, its only a few dollars, so you arent even dropping that much on it. Definitely worth a buy if you like engaging stories as well as roleplaying (not like Skyrim, more like DnD)5 out of 5 would buy again"
76561198008445062,Recommended,299540,18263558,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Perturabo -IW-,I love this game! Diffrent choices diffrent paths. It's a really enjoyable experince!
,Recommended,299540,25916199,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Annataz321,"I personally loved this game, but it is definitley not for everyone. It is text based, and by that it is only text, not even background music. The story is interesting and you get to choose your story. Again, I would recommend this game, but it is not for everyone."
76561198132005318,Recommended,299540,11216874,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,forensirob,Having never played a choose your own text based adventure before I was unsure what to think but I found myself becoming entirely invested in the game and the storyline as it unfolded. I also enjoyed the inclusivity and diversity the game provided. I would very much recommend anyone to give this a try.
76561198072318455,Recommended,299540,28668173,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BeerForAll,"As a fan of X men and similarly themed works I absolutely loved this game. Though it was one of my first forays into these text games and the fact I don't like rail roading in stories that much, I absolutely loved this game. Had me on the dege of my seat at all time. Looking forward to any and all games set in this universe :D"
,Recommended,299540,23969951,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,almacher,"Simply outstanding. An emotional roller-coaster of a VN which nonetheless rewards consistent choice according to your chosen values as a hero. Can't wait to play the sequels, The Hero Project and Herofall!"
,Recommended,299540,20577047,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Inzehnn,"If you're a fan of Text-based adventure or the webserial Worm, this is an excellent adventure.Go ahead and get the whole pack, because each ends in enough of a cliffhanger that you'll want to keep going. The story is multilayered and additional material makes it feel immersive compared to other TBA games. I haven't done two playthroughs yet to see how much impact your choices have on the actual storyline, nor have I started the third in the trilogy. Regardless, your actions feel like they have import.There are a large variety of characters, each with their own motives and expectations for your own character. When you make a decision, other characters adjust their behavior accordingly. You can go in with an idea of who your character is and what they hold dear; but you may have to adjust your morals to be victorious in your ultimate goal- or stick to your ideals and fail."
76561197972217639,Recommended,299540,20777517,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,KJak,Great first part to a very exciting choose-your-own-adventure trilogy!Highly recommend!9/10
,Recommended,299540,20818574,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tek,"Hooked immediately, as well as hooked on the developer/publisher.Recommend for anyone that likes to be immersed."
76561198178363957,Recommended,299540,21760528,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jacobiwan,"This is a fun game. The plot is compelling, the characters relatable, There are just enough stats to keep an eye on. The story is pretty much all there is to Choice Of games, so I won't go into detail, but it's quite interesting.My only problem would be the relationships, as they seem lacking. You don't know where you stand with Officer Sanders, for instance. Black Magic will try to seduce you however you treat her. You aren't given the option to romance anyone else than her, either.But all in all, the game is definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,299540,23161731,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Classy-Ass,"The actions you choose actually have consequences in this game. It's easy to become the type of hero (or villain) you want to be in this story. As with all stories, your imagination will carry you far if you let it."
76561198054041782,Recommended,299540,23996630,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,harku1446,"I got this series during the summer sale last year and I have not regretted it. I had a lot of fun the first time I played this as my hero Ryan Writer who was secretly Ryan Writer and I have continued to have fun even after replaying it multiple times with my other characters so as to get the achievements.While the story can be linear at times with your choices only affecting your stats sometimes, it's still a lot of fun and there's a lot of ways to make your hero unique and how you want them to be.Plus you can flip off or flirt with your rival at certain points, what's not to like."
,Not Recommended,299540,20419637,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Xenoverge,I enjoyed the story..... for that I would give it a thumbs up...... but after looking at the walkthrough to obtain maximum Legend (which you get for completing the game) I was dissappointed......You can only obtain maximum Legend by playing one way..... forget about playing consistently that doesn't matter...... you can only play one way to obtaing max Legend...Superman? No.Fantastic Four? No.You have to play a mixture of Batman and Spiderman to get max legend.*Small Spoiler Alert*Basically you have to be a brooding solo hero like Batman that takes things in his/her own hands little disregard for police.And then you have to be press-♥♥♥♥♥ solo hero like Spiderman that enjoys the fame and wants to be known and wants to be wealthy- Note that both Heroes don't like/have sidekicks.. (except Batman at a later stage).So what you have to be is a lawless solo-hero interested in only becoming famous.That must be the writer's definition of being a legendary Hero.  Any other path and you won't get there.
,Recommended,299540,21176728,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Netr0,Enjoyable story
76561198007193375,Recommended,299540,12025388,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Hondt,"this game is realy imersive, if u give it a cance u wil not be disepointed,"
76561198119283014,Recommended,299540,12273115,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Victorita9,If you play this game you have to realize this is a series. If you only play one you will feel unsatisfied.  I enjoyed the game and played the series many times.
76561197997146483,Not Recommended,299540,10823504,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SHSL Stripper Cop,"This game is a game that says it rewards the ideas of choice. It is a choose your own adventure after all, and many of your decision points have three or more sets of choices. The problem is that the game does not reward choices unless you go down very specific paths. Some of those paths are even pre-chosen for you. Note, that the full review will have major spoilers.1: The entire plot is linear. You always fail your first mission, you always join the big group, you always fall in love with the one superhero who looks like your childhood crush. I understand this is a text based game, but I felt like some of my decisions were simply choosing my method of going into the next wall of text rather than actually changing what would happen.2: The choices you get completely free will on are purely aesthetic. You choose your first and last name for free, you get to choose your superhero name for free. You get to choose the name of your parents' ""Song"" which is engraved on their wedding ring. Most importantly, you get to choose what your character's childhood crush is because there is a sexy superhero who looks just like them! They give you a ton of predetermined choices on those BTW.3: Your character's moral alignment has to be pure one way or the other to get a perfect score. Most of your choices purely affect your four moral alignments: Fame/Justice, Solo/Team, Offensive/Defensive, and Lawless/Lawful. You can only get a perfect score if you stick to your guns ENTIRELY TO ONE SIDE. Do you want to be in it for the fame, but work with a team and the police? Or do you want to be a soloist hero who breaks the law, but does it for justice? These complex characters are not rewarded, but are in fact penalized with getting the ""bad ending"" of the game in which 314 people die because your character was too slow.4: The ""bad"" alignments are sometimes bad for no reason. I want to work on my own, but I'm not a♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is a scene I got where I found two of the members of the not!Justice League making out in the bathroom. My choices were ""Blackmail them?"" or ""I saw nothing, don't worry."" I wanted to be a soloist, but doing the latter raised my team player points because I worked with the team. Why does working alone mean you have to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you just had a Mass Effect ""Paragon/Renegade"" slider that would have been better."
76561197996845862,Recommended,299540,10810358,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grimm,"Interesting game, good if you like reading. What I don't like about it is that it is written from a very feminine point of view, but you can still choose to play as a male character: If you choose a male hero, his thoughts and actions are incongruent with how a male superhero should behave. He'll be sobbing on the floor because of an argument with his grandma, and be an emotional basketcase. I wanted to be a badass male hero that gives 0 'sluggers' (The author uses the word slugger instead of f*ck, which is comical but immersion breaking for me), but all you can be is a sissy beta teen. It's very frustrating when you get to choose multiple options, and all of them are some variant of: ""Behave like a child throwing a tantrum"".If you choose to start as a female character, however, everything makes perfect sense. Instead of a sissy boy that somehow gets laid by supermodels you get a feminine heroine whose charms enchant those around her. Who succeeds despite her emotional instability. There's a few times when you can choose multiple options which all lead to the same result, which is immediatly obvious after choosing them and immersion breaking. There's some minor spelling errors here and there, but nothing too obvious. There's also a few times where I think choices do not have adequate explanations, leading to unexpected negative outcomes which can be frustrating.All in all I can recommend this game. The price was very low for me, much less than a good book costs. You'll need strong suspension of disbelief, especially if you want to play as a male character. Maybe the author intentionally wrote the story from the perspective of the female heroine and added the option to be a male hero just for diversity, but I found the actions of and the responses to other characters of me playing as a male hero so unbelievable, that I had to restart the game at around chapter 13 to play as a female."
,Recommended,299540,10738033,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,No One Stops,"It's quite good, if you're into choose-your-own adventures. I'd have liked more choice over things like your powers and whatnot, but for the price I certainly can't complain."
,Recommended,299540,10517530,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MorbidSedation,Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is a great start to an incredible interesting adventure.. Create and live out your very own Powered superhero. What kinda hero are you when the crap hits the fan? A law-abiding Superman (Or woman!) or a vigilante with your own rules?I can fully recommend this great text-game.
76561198106319002,Recommended,299540,10510901,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Jariah  Synn,"A throwback to old school games where there is no graphics and sound only the words on the screen and your imagination. You play a budding young, hero male or female, with ambitions and personality that you build. Although your powers can't be changed from what the story dictates. From there you pretty much just go with the flow making decisions that affect characters and world around you; think one those ""Choose your own adventure stories fromthe 80's (I atleast think from that period). Not gonna say more because it's really easy to spoil a lot of stuff.Now I warn you the text storytelling can and will get boring so be prepared. At the same time that's really the charm, no graphics to get upset about means you just focus on the story: which is alright so far. I can already say it's worth the couple bucks I spent."
76561198046704150,Recommended,299540,14923764,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,tryphinia,"Probably the best game (and incidently book) I've bought in a long time. It is really well written with just the right amount of choices given, without the feeling of being forced along a set narrative. There were loads of twists and turns I didn't see coming and as such, I couldn't stop playing.It doesn't take that long to complete, only about 3-4 hours, but I will definitely play it again as there were many options I didn't choose. Can't remember the last time I laughed out loud when reading (there are some rather witty dialogue options for the main character), absolutely fantastic.I also liked how, if you mainly picked lawful or team player options over their alternatives, then at some points in the story, you could only pick certain options for reacting to events. This made the character feel real and consistent, which made the story come alive in my opinion.I'd highly recommend this game, particularly as it's only £1.99. An absolute bargain."
76561198134072891,Recommended,299540,10983509,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,adamskywalker,"Amazing game. Funny, exciting, engrossing, and frankly, touching. Success actually feels like a success, and failure, while not pleasant, feels more like a learning experience rather than ""need to restart everything!"" Fantastic. Hope to see more!"
,Recommended,299540,11416426,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Skippy,"Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is an excellent, immersive text-adventuring RPG. The lore, the characters, and the background all meld to create an excellent experience for everyone who plays it. This emphasizes the use of ones imagination to fill in the lack of imagery which, in addition to the ability to customize just about everything in your life and your protagonist, draws the player into the story and makes it feel like this is their story. It has definite replay value, and it's an RPG that I personally enjoy."
76561198160049740,Recommended,299540,17121589,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,CT,"WOW! Unbelievable story that captured my imagination chapter after chapter! This is literally the first time i've ever felt compelled to write a review on a game and ironically it's one without graphics or even sound!You create your own superhero inculding choices of gender, sexuality, costume colors even who your superhero crush looks like and that's just the cosmetic choices. The game goes deep with choices that reflect whether your a hero that wants fame or justice, to abide by the law or lawless and get the job done by any means necesarry even if you want to join a superhero team akin to ""The Avengers"" or ""Justice League"" or go it solo. However, the best part to me is the twist and turns that completely turn things upside down and have you wondering what truly is the right choice to be made? It's not so easy to be a superhero afterall, go figure. Towards the end when things really got interesting I could really feel myself getting tense and even emotional as I read page after page and made harder choice after harder choice. It really got me into it and anyone with a wild vivid imagination should definately pick this up and let their mind explore what they would do if they where a superhero. Not to mention the story doesn't just end here... I can't wait to play the second part to this trilogy and see what's in store for my hero next!"
,Recommended,299540,10516253,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Benny P,"Just did my first playthrough of the game. It was like when i did nothing but read books as a child. i COULDNT put it down! After the other game is through, im gonna play through em both sooo much!if you like to read, play this!"
,Recommended,299540,10519958,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Mr CraZed x,"Couldnt stop reading. It made me emotionaly attached to the characters and caught me off gaurd with all the plot twists. Im off to read the sequal, Heroes Rise: The Hero Project!"
,Recommended,299540,10597205,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gearbox Dragoon,"A game that i feel mos people will pass on first glance with no intrest do to it being a choose your own adventure book in a pure sense. but for fans of those books or just people who enjoy an interactive story i would recomend this, the first of the series lets you take on the role of  up and coming super hero (or villian depending on how you play) and lets you chose most determaning factors of your self if a thick ploted story and for its price it is both cheeper then most games or even a book. plus the game has a function that alows you to transfer your character into the following games along with your stats and decsions effecting your over arching story.most complants i find people make about this is that is not a game, were i would say it falls in line with a visual novel just everything is text and it leaves you to fill in the blanks how you want giving you the story and letting you visualy paint it.the second main complant i see is that there is no audio for the game when honestly if you need music to enjoy the story im sure you can find a few mp3s for yourself."
76561198169733375,Recommended,299540,13625113,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,tea,"If you're new to this genre, or if you haven't tried any of the games from Choice of Games, I would advice you to start with its better and more polished titles first (like Choice of Robots).Heroes Rise: The Prodigy offers a fun ride in an interesting world, but it has low replayability, mainly due to its lack of depth in the choices you get to make.The choices you make have less impact than what the blurb implies. There are times when you're given 5+ choices or so, but then each one leads to the same outcome. Choices are uninteresting and lack the thought-provoking aspect that I sought. Choices are also limited in that what I wanted to do wasn't one of the options. There are times when your choice has already been set in stone by your stats, and you're forced to simply click ""Next"" even though the other choice is just as viable and you may wish to select that.Although this isn't one of CoG's better games, it is still fun to play because the battles are interesting and the world is immersive. A tip though, it's good to decide whether you want to be defensive/offensive, lawful/lawless, etc. early on, preferably even before starting the game, and stay consistent throughout to get the best experience."
76561198046230086,Recommended,299540,10663786,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sturmritter,"I found this interactive novel to be quite enjoyable. I was a big fan of pick-your-adventure books when I was young, and interactive novels I have always enjoyed. Fate/Stay Night was a particularly good one from Japan, but there are a lot of graphics since they like to make their novels into anime.Here, instead we have no graphics, no sound effects. Just the power of words well written. I like how you could choose how certain characters reacted to you with different personas. The MeChip butler, diva or caretaker all gave a different feel for the game, for example.For those looking for 27 endings of different plots, you'll have no fun with this novel. It's not really a game, more like a novel that you can immerse yourself in more deeply than a regular book because you get to add a bit of your own personality to the characters. I really became attached to the character in this story, and I've since bought the sequel, Heroes Rise: The Hero Project, and read that one through multiple times as well, I am looking forward to the final installment of the trilogy.I've stated before in my reviews, that I base a lot of it on how much a product costs me to play for the time I invest in it. At under $5.00 I've easily gotten my money's worth, and with it on special til June 24th at $1.99 it's hard to go wrong for something that you'll spend a few hours at a minimum reading. It's hard to find a paperback in a used bookstore for that price.Anyways, for what it claims to be, an interactive novel with memorable characters, it was a great investment for me. I hope you purchase the novel and agree."
76561198024662739,Recommended,299540,13133173,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mr. Book,"I really enjoyed this. Granted, it's not perfect. I am a huge fan of gamebooks like Fighting Fantasy and grew up reading every Choose Your Own Adventure I could get my hands on. This feels more like the latter and not FF books. You will get to make decisions on how to manage your health and power resources, but this doesn't create as freeform a feeling as some of the FF books. While I was going through the game, I was really engaged and felt like I could play out a lawless, anti-hero fairly well.Would I play through again? No. It becomes very obvious that many decisions aren't really decisions. Either way I will end up going down the same path even if I take a detour of a single additional page. One of the frusterating thing about the CYOA books was that your choices were any that could be thought through. You could make a decision and some completly unexpected, unpredictable event would occur. This has a number of those moments.Despite this, I did enjoy it for a single play through. I bought it with the complete package and on sale, so for the price it was a far better bargain than a lot of the garbage I've purchased on Steam.If you were a real fan of CYOA or even FF books, I would say you will probably like this especially for the price."
,Recommended,299540,17310109,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Yomi,"This game uses the word ""Slugger"" as a curse word.Ex: ""What the slugger?""10/10 would cringe again"
,Recommended,299540,10567202,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheDanaAddams,"As is typical for this sort of game, you can make choices, and the actions of your character don't seem to quite match up with your intent. That said, you do have a lot of freedom to be the kind of hero you want to be - there's replayability in the different approaches you can have, relationships you can pursue, etc.I was hoping for deeper romantic encounters with Black Magic, but overall it was enjoyable, and definitely worth the purchase.Lesbian superheroes. We need more of this. (Note that you choose your gender and orientation - there may be less lesbians for non-lesbian players? I dunno. I don't really care.)"
,Recommended,299540,24241037,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shadowthrone,great writing. great game.
,Recommended,299540,21594635,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Major Tom,This is what will happen if Trump becomes president.
76561198024447075,Recommended,299540,22116584,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,RDFlint419,"Great book, love how they all link together."
,Recommended,299540,22117199,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mister Monday,"I love these games, I remember picking this up years ago and I recently played through it again. While the customization options aren't to everyones tastes, the story really pulls you in and is fueled by your imagination.This game isn't for everyone, but with great writing and some excellent story branches, well, slugger, I think you should give it a go!"
76561198034340761,Recommended,299540,23118842,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheOneEyedOne,Had Sex in The Fiery Pits Of Hell with a girl who looks exactly like Arnold Schwarzenegger10/10 would bone in hell again
76561198058664254,Recommended,299540,14787777,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jman10trex,My favorite of the three i think it is kinda a tie between the first and the third kinda leaning more to the third but still amazing story great charecters and hard choises.
76561198043789635,Not Recommended,299540,29128123,Posted: 8 January,all,The Last Of The Giant Apes,"Bought the game because I loved the similar title ""Choice of Robots"", but this game gets everything wrong, that COR got right.Instead of a highly branching storyline, where you can really roleplay the character you set out to be for this playthrough, you get railroaded through a generic story.More often than not, all given choices lead to the same outcome or you just get a dead end, ""please chose a different option"".Skip this title and get the amazing ""Choice of Robots""."
76561198073228722,Recommended,299540,10511232,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Caramel Princess,MOTHER.♥♥♥♥ING.SUPER.HEROES.YOUR OWN BOOK WHERE YOU MAKE YOUR OWN DECISIONS BASED OFF A SUPERHERO YOU CAN FULLY CONTROLAND HOT PEOPLE.(IN YOUR IMAGINATION)
76561198044586602,Recommended,299540,19540705,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ManWhale,Had sex in a burning building10/10
,Recommended,299540,10524213,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HashSlinging Slasher,"Okay, if you're looking for an interactive novel about being a super hero, this ""game"" is for you. Be warned, there are no music playing and no pictures. (hint, you can use your own music while reading, so no prob on that, but for the pictures, eh...you just have to use your imagination). All in all, I like the narrative and how you would face danger. Also....if you're wondering....it will take a bit for the game to realize that you bought it from steam, so if you got the game or the sequal or the bundle, you might want to wait it out for the purchase to be confirmed and give you full access to the game. (Because it WILL tell you to buy the game even though you already did through Steam)"
76561197990451792,Not Recommended,299540,11196575,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,elu8,"So I do actually love the story, my problem is not there. My problem is that it is the exact same as the mobile version. (Note - my time played doesn't take into account that I played and completed the game on my android several times.)I loved this series for mobile, and the story is just as good now as it was when it first started - but I strongly feel there should be a difference in the interface between the different platforms. Doesn't have to look pretty or have a different feel, but I have a hell of a lot more screen space - why can't I see my stats as a side bar? Why do I have to keep switching back into the stats screen? What about keyboard shortcuts? Why can't I change the font and size? And if you're not changing a thing about the game, why do you want me to pay twice for the same exact content?It strikes me as opportunistic and it takes advantage of CoG's loyal customer base. DLC is not a good reason for having to pay twice. And for people new to the series, the interface (which makes sense for mobile and some sense for web) is a serious turn off on a pc.If you already have it on your phone, don't bother with this. And if you don't, still don't bother with this - just get the mobile version. It's more suitable to that platform."
76561198000538750,Recommended,299540,10522379,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,PassTheSalad,An absolutely fantastic story that should not be overlooked.
76561198071794619,Recommended,299540,11401071,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Taqif,"A very good story. However, that is all that it is. Do Not get this game if you dislike novels. Cause this is a whole lot of reading..."
76561198179127507,Recommended,299540,18668542,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The Real Brad Pitt,"Well I guess it's about time for me to review this E-book with ""gamey elements"" I know I sound miserable going into this review but it's actually quite the opposite. I really, really enjoyed my time with this little gem, I can't exactly say much without spoiling any of the story except that it has one very major problem. Your decisions do jacksh*t. Well that's a bit of an overstatement, they make a 5% difference to the game. Yeah, for example. Yur breaking in to this one place for this staff or something and it'll get you on the list superhero celebrity wise. It gives you an option, go in stealthy or go in guns a blazing. Trying to be Batman of course I take stealth. A homosexual superhero flirts with me for a bit before I tell hm to f*ck off. And for no reason at all except for ""It has to happen because... plot?"" and this girl starts killing everybody, so I'm confused of what just happened and so I play that section again going in guns a blazing and all the happens is that I just immediately it in the chair crying like a two year old who doesn't have his apple juice. Oh I also forgot to mention another flaw that gets on my nerves is the celebrity part. Of course trying to be Batman I try to stay in the shadows never get caught and be a vigilante, which thankfully you can be a vigilante. But my character is being a stubborn and selfish a**hole and always thinking ""how can I bang ____ to get famous?"" It's drives me crazy, and did I mention how you're basically♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by another hero? Yeah, she- Oh I guess I'm getting into spolier territory. Alright I guess I'll just go into the good things of the game. Well the story is simple but at the sametime branching into multiple paths, it's very good with plot twists at the very end. They also describe things extermely well, not too little but not too much. he characters are okay, not the best but one particular relationship shines from the middle to the end of the game. I actually started out hating this character not needing love for I didn't deserve it for I am Batman. Then I actually started to fall for ths character, well at least my character did through my decisions, and after a decision of ""should I stay or should I go, jesus I hope she doesn't castrate me while I sleep this b*tch is crazy."" I decided to stay and it was worth it. Overall I don't want this review to be too long for only the first game. I've probably already done the second review so just buy this game for now, and so far I don't like game two. Maybe my opinion will change. But anyways this game is cheap and fun, a time waster, and hey. Who wouldn't buy such an awesome game for only three bucks, that's a steal! Especially if it's on sale."
76561198006517017,Not Recommended,299540,32155842,Posted: 3 June,all,Heichi,"I really don't get all the positive reviews.  This game is painful.  Almost every choice you make is immediately rendered irrelevant, which is probably for the best since you are given no information to make the decisions on.  This is not a Choose Your Own Adventure Game."
,Not Recommended,299540,13776512,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Milky,"As a fan of IF, I can't recommend this. The writing is boring and banal. Choices are non-existant for many things you'd think important in a superhero story (eg: what powers you have, your upbringing, etc.) and the choices you do get ae either immediately railroaded into something else, or there's these weird 'Haha, gotcha!' moments where the game treats you like an idiot for making certain choices.I can't finish it.Also, what's with the use of the word 'slugger' as a curse and general excalamation? It's absurdly childish and not endearing in the least.In summary: Heroes Rise is childish, unimaginative and uninteresting. Avoid."
76561198043396498,Recommended,299540,19861018,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Slow Rick,No matter how hard I tried...I wasn't ♥♥♥♥ing good enough...
76561197960437035,Recommended,299540,10961483,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,UniNamer,"I didn't know what to say about this game, i read some other reviews and alot of them on steam seem to be meh or straight bad about this game, I will say that the game could have been far more but for 4$ it's got plenty of enjoyment for what is, I was pleased. I will quote a post on the game's offical forums, as i beleave it describes the absurdity that this game captures while barrowing from its own humor. It's also edited to save space.""-it sounds like the whole game is an M. Night Shamalan movie:Ey bro ur a hero,Your a badass,Doin' some bad-assy stuffOh Black Magic your so smexy!WHAT A TWIST <-- i think we all know which one i'm talking about here<br />WHAT A TWISTWHAT A TWISTWHAT A TWISTGratz bro! U beat the game!Player: I don't know what just happened...but i think need to change my pants-""  GoldenFantom"
,Recommended,299540,11279285,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jazz,"Starting this game off with no experience in this type of game, I was pleasantly suprised to find I loved every minute of this. Sure, some people didn't like the fact they couldn't pick their own powers, but I feel the sheer amount of time needed for that kind of stuff to both parties would really waste precious time. I also saw someone talk about typos, and I happened to see none, maybe I was too wrapped in the story compared to them? The game was great if that type is up your alley and reccommend it to those people. Keep in mind, you may want to come back to replay, but this has some replay values but I might give it some time to come back to it."
76561198158309410,Recommended,299540,16160375,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lady Chaos,"I think it's one of the longest game from Choice of Games. I wasn't too engage in the story at first, the first chapter seemed quite boring, but soon after that I just couldn't stop reading. I feel like my character really had personality, that was shaped by me. Very good game, a must have for super heroes fans."
76561198082324455,Recommended,299540,10551922,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,heliumboobs,This is like a choose your own adventure book and is great to read while doing something else and is entertaining.
76561198032277636,Recommended,299540,10542948,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Eustacio,"Fairly quick game for it's price, and if you like text-based games or 'Choose Your Own Adventure' games, then this is a fun little game."
,Recommended,299540,10538868,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Priapia,"For anyone who enjoys interactive media as a means of narrative storytelling, Heroes Rise paves a new path into how we can experience a story, and how easily one may be drawn into a colorful world without any images whatsoever. Charmingly written and all in all very well done. I am so glad I stumbled across this and decided to buy, because truly the folks over at Choice Of Games have a love and a talent for creating great stories. I hope that this game catches on, that this genre catches on, and that we begin to see a lot more of this in the mainstream Steam audience."
,Recommended,299540,10540271,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,☆Tears,"Was a lot of fun. Felt at times that some of my decisions didn't really matter, as the outcome of my choice was pre-determined, but overall it was an awesome experience, and I'll likely play through it again with a different playstyle."
,Recommended,299540,10546066,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zalor,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love these text adventures.  I have no idea if the same dude makes all these similar ones, but there are a hell of alot of them, all well written.  So far I recall Wizards, Dragons, Power-Armor, and now Super Heroes.  My advice, buy em but not the guides.  The fun comes from dicking around and making your own choices.Whoever makes these damn things, make more.  Just keep em coming, I'll keep buying."
76561197970353257,Recommended,299540,10546601,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bjoern,"This game is a wonderfully written choose-your-own-adventure story. It has a unique take on a super-powered world and some interesting story twists. It was fun to play through it and given the low price, I can highly recommend it.I am a bit sad that not more of Choice of Games stories are available on steam. Hopefully this situation will change soon."
,Recommended,299540,10575983,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,qars,This is an absolute treasure of a game. I thoroughly enjoyed bothHeroes Rise: ProdigyandHeroes Rise: The Hero Project. I look forward to more.
76561198019119286,Recommended,299540,10612026,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Harper,"If you're a sucker for a good story, like me, then you might just love Heroes Rise.  But first, you're going to have to get over the fact that this game has no graphics whatsoever.Heroes Rise is a Choose Your Own Adventure game with stats.  Unlike most visual novels, you have a huge number of choices, and unlike most CYOA games, most of your choices aren't instant-lose or go on with the story.  Instead, many of them have meaningful but small impacts on your game, with a few having the potential to completely change the story.Choice of Games, the developer, has made a variety of these games - some of which you can play on your web browser or phone for free (like Choice of the Dragon, or Choice of Broadsides).  All of them have huge word counts, branching paths and player choices, and all of them have memorable characters and storylines.In Heroes Rise, you play a young super-powered individual, born of two superheroes who now rot in a maximum security prison, seeking to make a name for yourself.  It paints a vision of the future in which superpowers are relatively common, but superheroes are not - and it does a good job.  The world and its characters are memorable and interesting, and there's some replayability in it as well, because the choices you make can lead you to several storylines - although they all end up in the same place, more or less.My advice to you would be to try out the demo, or go to Choice of Game's web site and try out one of their games there first.  If you like what you see, well, that's what you're getting here: a good story, lots of words, lots of choices, and not much else."
,Recommended,299540,10558888,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Undead Unicorn,"Do you feel that you're a person who constantly effs up all the time? Well good for you, because now you can be a effing super hero who also effs things up.I highly recommend playing this game more than once."
,Recommended,299540,10527255,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sophism,"As someone who loved the Choose Your Own Adventure books and computer text adventures while growing up, I found a lot to like in Heroes Rise: The Prodigy. I appreciated the customization options for features of the main character, as it not only made for a nice, tailored experience but also made me eager to replay the game to see what they affected.  The decisions you make feel important in the moment, and I rarely felt the dreaded ""They don't have the option for what I want to do here!"". I enjoyed the twists and turns of the narrative, but surprisingly, that doesn't mean it's only enjoyable once. Just like any good mystery, it's fun to go back and see the bits of foreshadowing you missed, as well as gloating about the ones you caught. It has achievements if that's what you're into, though I personally don't care much for those.I would say the only negative to my experience was the inability to take back a decision. If you want to try changing one decision towards the end of the game, or you misclicked something, you still have to restart from the beginning to change that decision. I understand why this would be important to have as a feature for the first time through, but I'd rather see that be an option decided by the player in repeat playthroughs rather than it being forced. I've seen others mention they'd like different background colors or font choices, and I'd support those being included but didn't think about them myself as I was going through.Overall, I really enjoyed the game and am looking forward to starting the sequel right now!"
,Recommended,299540,10553456,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chief Bogo,"It's been a really fun game so far. I did have to restart about 3 times when I first started out, because the game didn't save my progress.... however, now that doesn't seem to be a problem and I'm having a blast reading a chapter a day. I love all the options I'm given in the game and the ability to customize some of the names of characters is really nice too. This is totally something that I'll play through a few times, just to see how vastly different the story will become if I choose a different option."
,Recommended,299540,26714884,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mirtora,"+great story+moderate replay valueIf you like superheroes, then this is for you!"
76561198007353131,Not Recommended,299540,28108566,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Raptoran,This ain't no place for a hero.
,Recommended,299540,10610495,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Defiant,"This is a fun game in the vein of choose-your-own-adventures.  You play a novice superhero looking to become successful and make it big.  You'll have fights with villians, rescue people, maintain relationships with family and potential friends and have the opportunity of joining a famous superhero group.  If you like interactive fiction of this type, or like superhero games and don't mind a lack of graphics, I recommend this game.The only real downside is that, as far as I can tell, there's only one save game (where you currently are in the game).  While that's sufficent, the option to save more games (or to undo) would have been appreciated.Also, one reviewer complained that the decisions don't affect the story.  That's really not correct.  While, unlike in the original choose your own adventures, there's only one main central plotline, instead of dozens of radically different ones based on your decisions (which wouldn't be feasible in a game with this many decisions, because the size of the writing would have to grow exponentially).  Your decisions do have consequences - sometimes immediately, sometimes down the line, sometimes in your stats and sometimes how other characters will think of you and treat you."
76561198060253340,Recommended,299540,28004781,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Danilow,Butterflies in my stomachConstant tears in my eyesBobby WomackMakes me wanna die
76561198013130865,Not Recommended,299540,13904402,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Adryan,"Way too dark for me. I thought this would be silly fun like the Batman television show. Pow! Whoosh! Biff! It was much more Dark Knight. Another annoying thing was being told how *I* feel. If this is *my* character, why am I being told *my* emotions? The answer is it is not my character, it is the author's character and I am occassionally deciding whether s/he will turn right or left. Disappointingly, whether s/he turns right or left the result is usually the same - something disturbing, gory and unpleasant. Again, that's not for me, and therefore I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,299540,10561607,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Satsujinki,"Wow.....This game was text-based on every Visual Novels. If I remember it correctly, then the Visual Novel was originally Analogue A Hate Story was realead about two years ago. Compare with Analogue series, Heroes Rise Series doesn't have background, theme or whatever!But this was base on what you choice is to make you as hero or villian. What I chose is...hero.Oh what terrible joke I have, ""Would you die as hero or live yourself as villian?""The writing is very good and properly satistification that I had.In case you'll might need music or visual background, then how about I would give you a recommendation for you? Analogue series? It's time to find this out!"
76561198141118778,Not Recommended,299540,10526226,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lordleksdarkmind,"achivment, that grants +10HP doesnt set max HP to 110, only one time boost. lame.can`t cheat. damn.interface could REALLY use some work.overall? 2 of 5, if you like text games and superheroes stuff."
76561198300406949,Recommended,299540,22582936,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,nighthawk925,Very enjoyable game.  I played the Hero's series on my phone when they first came out and I'm happy that they made it to Steam.  Just as fun the second time through.  Definitely reccomend.
,Recommended,299540,11463857,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Red Steel,"I actually liked this game. It took me a few hours into getting into the whole reading part. Based on the choices you make the outcome of the story is different. For example, you can play the Hero or the Villian. Reminds me of Bioware Dragon Age choices. Clearly the graphics not impressive. It's a good story once you actually read it, and get lost in it."
76561198046824962,Recommended,299540,10635858,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AurumCelest,"I acutally liked this game more than I thought I would.  Played the demo when it first got released and I didn't really get into.  Decided to buy it through steam since it was a bundle on sale, and I gotta say I put more time than I thought I would which is weird since I'm not really into superhero or modern setting games.  Played through this about 2 or 3 times now just to see different responses.  It is sort of linear for a CYOA game, but your choices do affect your character and your choices later on.  It just doesn't really affect the storyline as much as I would have liked.tl;drGreat game, slightly linear but I stilled played it 2-3 times and probably more, worth the money if you're into these types of game"
76561198092018543,Recommended,299540,10643774,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,crazguitarz,"BUYITBUYITBUYITBUTITBUYITBUYIT!!!!!!! Oh my gosh this ""game"" is amazing!!! If you are patient enough, and love to read, this is totally for you!! I loved the story and the options!!! The twist in the end is freaking brillient, but some may say they saw it coming. Its only $2!! buy it!!!! And also Corpse party is coming to steam soon, if you like this game you'll LOVE corpse party!!!"
,Recommended,299540,10682629,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,creator1113,"A classic hero origin story, but with a chance for you to role-play a rising hero's decisions and moral choices.  If you like interactive fiction with moderate replayability, branching storylines, and a somewhat familiar but fun plot, then you'll like this game.Some comments: I would have liked a save-reload option, but in a way being forced to commit to a choice adds to the role-playing feel.  If you want the best outcomes, you'd have to choose to be a polarizing hero/villain; it's hard to be moderate and get any kind of benefit at all.Overall, I had fun with the game, but be warned that it's text-only.  If you don't mind using your imagination to fill in the gaps, then you'll like this game."
,Recommended,299540,10733597,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,heidhummer,A kick back to the Choose Your Own Adventure books with a great story and decisions that really matter.  I played it through all at once since I didn't want to put it down.
,Recommended,299540,10735782,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ffej225,"Fantastic game for its story and interactivity. Like the perfect update to the old Choose-Your-Own-Adventure books. Enjoyed the stats you can access and the choice options as well. My biggest pet peeve, for a game done completely by text, was the spelling errors or rough grammar at times. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't common, but when it happened, it was glaring. Plays in great to the sequel as well to continue the story."
,Recommended,299540,10674386,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,chabotis,"Oh man the writing is amazing. There are a lot of tough choices that have to be made with extreme consequences. I give this game 5 scum-bag-mayors out of 5. This is a story that I never will regret buying, and im sure you won't either."
,Recommended,299540,10675906,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,yaoifreak101,"Heroes Rise is a cool, choose your own adventure style of game (but unlike physical choose your own adventure books, there's no flipping ahead to see the consequences of your actions before you choose, so you can't cheat and sneak a peek). It's story focused and allows the player some customization to their character. A first play through allows a person to see how they would fair in this situation with options closest to their morals, and replay value comes from creating a character that is either complete opposite of the player or a fun mix. Romance options are sadly limited. I do like how the gender of dateable characters changes to reflect the player's sexual preference, but I would have liked either a wider pool to choose from. The NPCs are well written and engaging, and the twists and turns of the story kept me hooked."
76561198054508553,Recommended,299540,10677497,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sadpear,A fantastic example of the choose your own adventure genre - this is fun and definitely has replay value. I especially love that this game acknowledges that not all choices are binary ones and it allows some opportunities for you to insert your own stamp into the story. Delightful fun.
76561198049030430,Recommended,299540,10677786,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RedMaple,"Did you like Choose Your Own Adventure stories when you were a kid?  How about playing one with a well-written, smart, gripping storyline?  One where the characters are interesting and hold secrets- if you care to delve deeply enough?Not the traditional Steam offering, but I'm glad they chose to take a chance with this one.  It kept me playing for almost 4 hours straight, because I had to know what happened next- what the consequences of my actions would bring me.Don't listen to any review that says you end up in the same place no matter what- it's not true.  It's true that are certain events in the game that will begin to unfold, no matter what your choice- that happens in real life all the time, too.  And like in real life, it's the choices you make AFTER that that have the most impact, and will define who you truly are.  You can end this game a hero or a villain- it's up to you, and it's impressive that the story is well crafted enough that all paths seem viable.Give this game a chance if any of this appeals to you- you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,299540,10854447,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ranbouk,"WIth a very good story, friendly reminders and tough calls to make, this game gripped my attention, revealing that there is much more than normal diced RPG's or vidya RPG's...9/10"
76561198039280577,Recommended,299540,10538767,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Yadeadyet,"I really enjoyed playing this. I also really enjoy reading books. If you don't like to read, then you probably won't like this game. Just saying."
76561197978170219,Recommended,299540,10550412,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LWRabbit,"I'm not really into superheroes that much, but this is an engaging experience. The writing and story kept me hooked and I really couldn't ""put it down"".Do be warned that this is ALL text and reading (a novel's worth), so if you must have fancy graphics and pictures to hold your attention, move along. But if you don't mind reading, you'll find a great story that reacts to and remembers your choices."
76561197998113892,Recommended,299540,10886490,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Majorshepard,"A few problems I have with the game (Spoilers)I had originally played this from the Choice of Games (CoG) and bought it as a chrome App. I like the ""game"" (putting it like that as a few people don't like calling it a game). It does suffer from a few problems though and here a few major one I have:1. Grammar and errors - Don't get me wrong this is a well written story and it is compelling but it has quite a few grammar errors and even a few words spelt incorrectly, some probably from a slip up. Its not a huge glaring thing at first but after playing through it a while you start to notice a lot of them dotted around, which can cause you to be pulled out of the story. And since it has been out since 2012 on CoG I would have thought many of them would have been fixed or corrected but to my surprise many of them are still there.2. Biast choices - This game is about being a hero, YOU being a hero. Not the writer. But it seems as though the writer had a little trouble trying give pro responses for other choices. For example when you get nominated for the HoT award and you have to choose between saving your Sidekick or a reporter. It paints that saving the sidekick is the ""Right/Justice"" choice and saving the reporter is the ""wrong/Fame"" choice, it even reflects this in a stat update once you make your decision. For me this is one of the problems with the Stats and the way the game part is done, it could even be not the creators fault in the end. Its done in a very ""Stereotypical"" mindset and doesn't try to go outside the box too much. Why is saving the sidekick the Justice choice? Sure they help during missions but does that mean you should sacrifice a civilian just to save your sidekick? Maybe saving the reporter is a good bump for your ""Fame"" stat but why has it got to be seen that way? Why isn't saving the reporter also seen as a Justice choice? You are saving an innocent person, who isn't even a hero. Why can't I choose to save the reporter as I think its the right thing to do? Rather than just for fame? Its even more annoying when you reach an extreme in one stat it will grey out other choices! Why take away my control?! Maybe I am blowing this out of proportion but it just grinds me the wrong way. Maybe a CYOA game is very restrictive in how you do things. But still at least the wording could've been done a little better. And I don't even think its as annoying as it is in the sequel, where it really starts to irritate me but we'll get to that in their review.3. Lack of Graphics - Now I know its a Text game but a little graphic content would be nice. Like font colours for special text. Maybe an image for the cover screen? Or maybe showing off shots of various areas around Millenium City? I would like to see what the Fringes look like :D Even if its just an arial view. Seeing as this game is making its debute here it would've been nice to add a few extra features here and there.4. Graphic Content - Talking of ""Graphic content"" why are there hardly any swear words? They've all been mostly replaced with the word ""Slugger"". Whilst amusing at first it got really annoying when an tense scene happens and all you character says is ""Slugger"" it kind of dampens the mood of the scene. I could understand if this game was aimed at pre-teens but it describes bloody scenes and people dying in, sometimes, gruesome ways. And yet the writer shy's away from swear words. If your going to use serious scenes go all out, not half-way.5. Lack of Customisation - Now this is the lowest major problem I have with the game. I can understand why there is little customisation in the game other than the big 5 - What gender are you? What Sexual Orientation are you? What colour is your power? What is your costume? What is you name/Codename? Personally I would've like to choose other stuff, like build or something, but I'm not hankering for it. Its just a little n.iggle.But still even with the problems listed above I still like the game. It shows promise and the sequel will hopefully live up to it (I've played it and know it does and moreso. It does suffer from bigger issues, however, but again that will be in that review).Thanks for reading and good luck out there heroes!"
76561198170194318,Recommended,299540,17853233,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cheezlover21,"The best game on Steam, no question.  The writing is superb, the characters are all well-developed, and its just so much fun to play.  Seriously.  Buy the whole series.  You'll not regret it, I guarantee it. :)"
,Not Recommended,299540,17864421,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Rastrelli,For a game which claims to be powered by my imagination it is too much railroaded. Straight to the point of almost nonexistant replayability
76561198240534580,Recommended,299540,17279650,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,leon.mayne,"I don't even know how to start this. I'm leaving this same review on each of the Trilogy pages because it's an across the board review of 5 out of 5 or 108 out of 100 or A++ or whatever you can think of.This has been one of the most emotional, roller-coastering rides of my life, and it happened in a videogame. One that's entirely text-based. You start off as a little hero still trying to figure out who you are and you end as a big one, no matter what path you take, knowing exactly who you are. You'll go through so many ups and downs and surprises and disappointments and happiness and sadness and successes and failures, you'll get into all the great beat em up action that comes with being a hero and all the baggage and consequences, too. But if you stick to who you are, just like in life, you'll pull through and make the right calls, and become a legend. The fate of the world is in your hands. The fate of your world is in your hands. Now get to it. And buy this trilogy."
76561198032548939,Recommended,299540,17376154,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ColaAddict,"Wasn't going in with a lot of expectation. This is the first real interactive novel that I've read since the old 'Choose Your Own Adventure' books from my youth, and I highly doubted such a simple concept would still hold my interest as an adult.This book is a lot of fun. A simple popcorn read with a lot of fun choices thrown in for good measure. Nothing about the characters or setting will blow your mind, but it is terrifically engaging thanks to all of the ways you can go about different situations. I really felt as though I was creating a character for myself, and for a book that only costs three bucks (cheaper than most new paperbacks), that's quite an achievement.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,299540,17714900,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Kudzu the Hungry,"Let me start this off by saying that it's been ages since I've played the first installment of the trilogy, specifically. I only just finished the third part of the trilogy, which probably says enough about what I think of this one in particular.Also, please note that this review will contain mild spoilers, as this game is an RPG that focuses most heavily on story.Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is an interactive novel in which you delve into this world of super heroes. What will strike you as different off the bat will be how widely accepted Powered people are. Despite protests from people, those with Powers are more accepted than how other franchises depict them (such as X-Men).This story is very well-written. I love the option to have my character be a different sexual orientation than what is considered the norm at this time. The absolute amount of in-game customization is actually very well-done and in-depth, given the type of game this is.Characters are written as human. They have their strengths and weaknesses, like every human does. You can relate to these characters in some way or another, and hell, pretty much every character can be liked or disliked with valid reason. (Bear in mind I might be wrong about this, having not played this installment specifically.)However, I feel that a few aspects of the story can be seen as rushed. Of course, they seem to prove a point later in storytelling, so this can be seen as either a plus or a minus. Some of the characters may also seem to act a bit... out there, which may not be to your taste.I found the stats system most interesting, and how your ending score is dependent on how you played to your stats.Overall, I recommend this game and the rest of the series. To me, it is an adventure that will definitely last a long time, despite its somewhat-simple appearance."
,Recommended,299540,17528608,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Redwing,"A decently written interactive fiction, it can feel a bit linear with some but it sets up the series well. Importing your character into the next two games adds a lot of replayability. Well worth picking up."
76561198031614582,Not Recommended,299540,17567557,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Bones,"It's not a bad game that still has a nice story but it feels more like a book then a choice game. The options you make really doesnt affect the outcome of the game, and maybe the reason why i don't recommend this game is because this company's game ""Choice of Robot"" does it alot better. I know this game is one of their earlier games, but it doesn't stand up to par with their newer ones."
76561198022396735,Recommended,299540,16537726,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Self-Loathing and a Perfect Body,"Remember that feeling as a kid from those old R.L. Stine choose your own adventure book? Imagine if that wasn't just nostalgia and actually lived up to the memories, great game and if you like text based adventures you really can't get better."
,Recommended,299540,16894916,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,[Pleb] Carbine #6554,"Book 1 of 3. Thoroughly enjoyed the first installment of the series. Set the stage well for a wider universe, and the choices all seemed like they were relevant. Most importantly, it was interesting.This is A BOOK though, similar to the old R.L. Stine pick-a-choice books.If discounted, worth it."
76561198144515853,Recommended,299540,20146200,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ScarletKitten,It's a great game. I just finished the triology and it was a rollercoaster of emotion and drama. I'm still debating if I should be happy with my ending or try for a different one. Hmm. (<^.^)/
76561198151884340,Recommended,299540,20048897,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Beat-up Mac,""" ""We need to get going,"" Jenny says as you enter.""I know, but I need to do something first,"" you say. ""Right now.""Without waiting for Jenny's response, you walk into her bedroom and say to Mechip Whedon:""Draft document and record.""Whedon complies, appearing to jot down your words on a sheet of holo-paper.Before you start, you glance down at your finger, the one that used to hold the silvered ring, until Prodigal destroyed it. The ring may be gone but burned there into your skin are the words:""Miss New BOOTY.""The lyrics wrap around your finger, branded in place like a tattoo, forever imprinted upon you...""TL;DR: This game just moved up to my Game of the Year list >_<"
76561198109165726,Recommended,299540,19654578,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,zelot65,"I'll admitt I was skeptical of this game because I thought the cover was really cheeasy, but I thourugly enjoyed it and went right on to the next game in the series"
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,299540,19595896,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"So here we go...I'm just going to go ahead and say it now, if you want an ACTUAL Interactive text-based novel, check outChoice of RobotsRIGHT NOW! It has to be the best one on steam.Now unto the review...This game has so many cliches in it's ABSOLUTELY Linear story. A basic summary of this game is: So and So (Protagonist) Lost parents to So and So (Antagonist). Lives with relatives (Your Grandma), and has to deal with the Antagonist's crap for not being nice to their child.Sound Familiar?The world happens to be filled with already super-powered people, so I don't know how something like a Super-Hero could exist, or why there would be licenses to be a vigilante, in a world filled with Super-powered people. It doesn't make you feel special. You feel (and are) like a geneneric Nobody. The Reason why we have licenses for Super-Heroes now is because This and That (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t excuses) that the ""author"" came up with.We then go on our first Super-Hero Vigilante stuff, going after so and so and some sort of artifact known as generic generic. We happen to run into the Antagonist's son. If you don't flirt with them, you can either ignore them, or straight up punch them in the face. Either way, the Antagonist is still going to hate you no matter what. (Which makes this game feel absolutely Linear even more...) No matter what you do, you cannot obtain generic generic artifact because this and that reasons, no matter what you do.After having the ♥♥♥♥ing press♥♥♥♥♥♥on your name (No way to stop them from doing so.), y- You know what? Let's skip ahead.Now the Protagonist is being forced a relationship. Though I will give the Author some credit, he does let you pick who your ultimate waifu is going to look like, your forced the relationship with this person. No matter what you say to them, they'll always either agree with you, or LIKE you. Which is pretty LINEAR, isn't it Mr.Author?Now your being forced onto a team that you admired since Childhood... For some odd ♥♥♥♥ing reason, your waifu is part of this team, and manages to sign you up for it. Oh right, you have to compete for an opening on a ♥♥♥♥ing team of Superheroes in a super-powered people filled world. Who're you competeting against? Antagonist's child of course!Oh right, I should mention, it is about impossible to lose to this generic♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is now the new name of the Antagonist's child. Generic♥♥♥♥♥♥fails at everything, while you seem to do great even when your trying to ♥♥♥♥ it all up.As I said previously, THE GAME IS TOO LINEAR.And well, this is much I've done this far. I don't plan on beating it. It's just been too ♥♥♥♥ing linear so far. I bet the Ending is pretty Linear too, isn't it?My Recommedations for the AuthorPlay Choice of Robots, scrap the entire Heroes series, redo it, and make sure it's as expansive, and fun as Choice of Robots. ♥♥♥♥ this Linear piece of dogshit.PS.Don't buy the other two games."
76561198132868479,Recommended,299540,19985330,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,themachineroot1,The first interactive novel I've ever played.Pros:Great storyHumor here and thereCouple of romances (further in the trilogy)Loved the options on how to fight and what to do nextCons:No graphics/sounds (ps it's a book)I feel like there could be more romance options but the ones that were there were greatSlugger=Sh*t or F*ck I guessYou don't really choose your superpowers but whatevs you're kinda op anyway if you chose rightTL;DRThis was my first 'choose your own' novel and that might make me a little biased but If you get this I recommend the whole trilogy. Finish the all before you give your opinion.
76561198048587535,Recommended,299540,18988308,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dalaughinguy,"When I learned there's no art or graphics for this game, I basically bought this game so I have some reading material to come up with my own art for some scenes.After finishing this game, I realised how fun it is with just by reading and interaction with text-based choices. Not only you're trying to rise and overcome problems as a new rookie hero based on your choices, it's practically a novel you can end up getting invested in reading through until you create the best outcome for your character at the end. It also reminds me of those game adventure print novels that are pretty outdated for a while now for the older audience, which this game proves the genre can make a comeback by being placed into e-format for computers and tablets.Other than cringing at some weird choice of names for a few superhero characters and every swear word being replaced by 'slugger', I recommend playing it to satisfy your imaginative journey."
,Recommended,299540,19279132,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sand-,"I completely loved it, played a few times with some variations and it's nice to see the adaptations the game goes through. The history is very nice, even though some things are a little easy to figure out, but still, its very emersive and puts the players in some tough spots, since you have to stick to your choices.I'd recommend to anyone who enjoys being unconfortable with the choices you'll have to make!"
,Recommended,299540,16340559,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pampira,"This game series is amazing. A wonderful story where you choose how the adventure goes, a great experience all around. I highly recommend it to everyone I know all the time because I think playing games like this really help you realize what king of hero you'd be, if you are answering honestly. Extremely fun roleplaying experience."
76561198040271368,Recommended,299540,15752165,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ForlornBear,"1st text based adventure played/read? in over 20 years. What a blast, up until 3am with that just one more scenario feeling. Very nice nostalgic feeling."
76561198071265149,Recommended,299540,15882134,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,OnyxLycan,A very nice choose your own adventure esque text game. While it may not be going round for round with your favorite books series it is still enjoyable and definitely puts you into the world and makes you feel invested. I would recommend this to any who enjoy superheros and a good story in their games.
76561198065929477,Recommended,299540,16772406,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,alyabunny,"I bought the Hero's Rise Trilogy and I have to say that I honestly don't understand why people harp on this game so much. The plot is a little predictable in the first game (the only one I've finished so far, will post review on the other two on thier respective pages once I'm done), but once the climax kicked off, I was completely hooked! If you end up doing the same thing I did, then the game isn't even that long and will only take you between four and five hours to finish! I also don't think the pricing is too bad even if the games are all text based. Pretty much the only way you could really hate the game in my opinion is if you dislike reading or the superhero genre."
76561197980755902,Recommended,299540,13716658,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,void,"I really wasn't sure what to make of this game, when I played through the first chapter. It starts slow with your wannabe super hero or villain taking on his/her first case. Regarding your background, you're stuck living with your grandmother (which I personally wasn't a big fan of) and have this know-it-all best friend I tried very hard to get rid of. On top of that, you can't choose your powers and have very limited customization options. In the beginning it felt like I was playing a bad superhero cliché written for teenagers...As I stumbled through my first mission, however, my opinion of the game changed quite a bit. Some of the choices you can make are hilarious. The more miserably my fledging hero failed, the more I became invested in her story. Also, there were some twists and turns I really didn't see coming.In sum, the game is a lot more complex than I initially gave it credit for. Choices you make in the first game have an effect on what happens in the finale. And yes, you can get key characters killed by accident.It's also worth mentioning, that the writer created a world that is fully LGBTQA inclusive, which I appreciate."
76561198018688805,Recommended,299540,13959979,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CadetPenguin,OH. MY. GOD. This is the an amazing adventure text game that all who have a strong sense of imagination and a love for superheroes can enjoy.
76561198038468436,Recommended,299540,13437207,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Neebsz,Is everyone gay in this story?
,Recommended,299540,13631468,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Talkwain Chowder III Esq.,"Heroes Rise: The Prodigy is the perfect blend of guided choice narrative, and freedom of choice all wrapped up in a really good interactive novel.It does a good job for a choose your own adventure sort of thing, of letting you make decisions to flavor things your way, while also still holding the surprise and intrigue of a conventional novel.I would highly reccomend, not only to fans of the superhero genre, but also people looking for a good pulpy read.10/10 Highly Reccomended"
,Recommended,299540,13918805,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Yamaikazi,"This isn't a Super Hero story; this is choice your own adventure book first and foremost. After playing and falling in love with Choice of Robots, I came into this game with high hopes. I wouldn't say i'm disappointed but my expectations definitely got in the way of this game's story.Some of the choices in this story don't feel fully flesh out, which results in some choices to feel completely ignored, no matter what choice you make. Which wouldn't be to bad, and I can see how it would save time during production, but as a player resulting in me reading the next page, ""well, that was pointless"".The story sure takes its time to ramp up, and all the video game-ish mechanics being explained in a fictional world comes across weird. Instead of feeling ""warn out"", you have a chip in your wrist that tells you that you are ""low on mana"". I feel like that could be kept within the story's boundaries and explained with just a few sentences.I think I'm almost done with this book, but depending on the ending I may not start the second in the series. My character is kind of a push over hero, and a little too attached to her fame status. The Legend level thing also feels a little to RPG-ish for a fictional book world. Just let my Hero walk down the street and have someone want to take a selfie with her. Keep me in the story, don't pull me out to explain how games work."
,Not Recommended,299540,13930190,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Minty Light,"I rather liked Choice of Robots, but this is not Choice of Robots"
76561198045499751,Recommended,299540,13373710,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,LlVlNG_COLOR,"Great game, really fun! I highly recommend it, especially at such a cheap price."
76561198092121056,Recommended,299540,14228023,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,deatheos,If you enjoy choose your own adventure type games then this game is what your looking for. Is a great start to a trilogy that continues your story form one game to another.
,Recommended,299540,14006829,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Guess Who,"$3.00 is definetley a fair price. This game is okay, I'm recommending it because the series on a whole was very good. If you like games where you make hard decisions that effect the story in a major way, then this SERIES is for you. You really need to play this one though for the full experience, though."
76561198088153904,Recommended,299540,14021890,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Styx,"Really good loved it bought all of the ""books"" i love the story line would definately recomend"
76561198099844685,Recommended,299540,10883098,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RockZero3,"First thing first this game entirely [Text Based]. Wait come back.... well thier lose.Ok this ""game"" (can i call it that) depends entirely on how you take it. It could be a bore fest for you if you just read it, but if you are a person with a great imagination and love a little banter and like a good story that is not as Black and White as it seems then this ""game"" is one for you. I really enjoyed putting myself in the what if role the story brings. The best parts are when even tho you know how you want to turn out there are decisions that will make you question your actions later."
,Recommended,299540,11499397,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Lokaror,"Alot of people dont like this game and on some points they are right. This is the weakest of all the points in the series which is unfortuante as its the first. As a choose your own adventure game it does ok. I liked it and would reccomend it if you got all three for cheap like i did. I got all three for about 7 bucks. If you can get it for that, go for it."
76561198037265245,Recommended,299540,11421216,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,halcenion,I have really enjoyed this game thus far. I have a soft spot for text based gaming and I am happy to see something new in that line.
76561198027189995,Recommended,299540,11314725,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,A Cute,"A stunning game/book.  Perhaps some people might be dissuaded or turned off from playing it by its basis as a novel rather than a game, but make no mistake; this is a breathtaking journey all the way.  A must play if you like superheroes, and/or you've always wanted to be one."
,Recommended,299540,11331660,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Maltrazz,One of the best interractive novel series I have played. Highly recommended.
76561197999053804,Recommended,299540,11265785,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Loky,"A great game! Shows that some time you don't need graphics to make a good game, it focus in story, and it's simple and fun!"
76561198009151365,Recommended,299540,11266876,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,gamergeek12,The whole trilogy is great.  Super engrossing and a really nice change of pace.
,Recommended,299540,11265937,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Merin,"Wow!  That was a fun ride, and I'm really looking forward to play the rest of the series!Text based adventure, with lots of choices and lots of customization.  Really does let your imagination fill in a lot, which is easily as fun as having graphics and voice-acting.  The story is a bit dark, but in a very compelling way.I enjoyed this much more than I anticipated, and I had assumed I would have fun with it.Multiple stat tracking, choice tracking, story shaping in little ways that make the C&C noticeable and fun.  If you enjoyed choose your own adventure books, or visual novels even, I recommend you give this game a shot!"
76561198042406560,Recommended,299540,11953543,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The Fake Winner,"I love this game. The main character at times feels a little dumb, but if you can push through it the narrative of the game itself is amazing. My only dislike in the game is that it forces to you get involved with 'Black Magic', however it does give you plenty of oppertunities to turn this romance down.IE: Fire alarm anyone ;Doverall this game is amazing and anyone who loves to read will love this game. 8/10I recommend you by the trilogy with all the dlc. as you will be left wanting for the story to continue as soon as you finish this one (No cliffhanger but its just that good.)"
76561198005656216,Recommended,299540,13220701,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,"Bert Macklin, FBI","Just completed and gotta say I'm impressed. This game isn't your daddy's Action Comics; tonally, it's more akin to Man of Steel meets Flash and Arrow with a hint of 24 (the primetime show).  While there are few spelling/grammatical errors, you won't mind them unless you have a hard time reading English. The story is well thought out and the character development plays similarly to a movie.  The game captures most aspects one would inquire about if superheroes existed, as well as briefly touching upon potential social issues, political developments, and economic/technological advancements of an alternate future.  Feels almost like a scifi pulp without burying you in the complexities of the world whilst trying to keep a decent pace of action. Can't wait to jump into the sequels!"
76561198080781507,Recommended,299540,13097468,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mr. Blonde,"Rarely do people write good stories about supers, most of the time they fail to portray them as humans, and when they focus on that part, is barely and with no real consequences. Heroes rise has a great story, a fantastic character development and indeed, your imagination is they key to this game. I can only absolutely recommend it to anyone who enjoys supers."
,Recommended,299540,11072725,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,JoniMeloni,"I guess the idea existed before, but it's the first time I'm playing a game like this - textbased - and i've gotta say: it's awesome! You have (or at least the game makes you think you have) 100% freedom in making a decision and your creativity: I love my hero like he is, because he actually just exists in my head and no stupid bug/look/engine/voice which would be there in a normal game could ruin this image of him.To the game itself: It quiet good, here and then actually really exciting and full of action, and sometimes it just makes me want to read a good book again, because everything goes via reading.I have to say, i absolutely adore the game and its realisation - here and there the story or the language could have been a bit more interesting - and the support for german would be VERY nice! ;D"
76561198005626245,Recommended,299540,14877304,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Demon3321,"Was fun to have more control of a story for once, allowed me to connect to characters in more more ways than one hehe... But yeah decent game/story, I recommend you get it :D"
,Recommended,299540,14952548,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Elliot Alderson,"The first game in a very entertaining and sometimes rather tense trilogy. This game has no graphics and requires a copious amount of imagination to really enjoy but the story, characters and choices more than make up for the lack of any kind of graphics. Buy the trilogy pack right now and don't look back!"
76561198298582255,Recommended,299540,25088327,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,JustSmiling,"I got into this by Choice Of Robots (Currently my favorite game) and went with my gut to get the $8 Heros package, and although the choices ultimately led to the same story and some of the choices were polarized- It was very enjoyable! the characters were complex and intriguing, although there was no music or graphics (Like i expected) it was very atmospheric. I will be supporting this company in any way I'm able and hope to have the same experience with the next two games :))))))"
76561198016849342,Recommended,299540,26057868,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TurboTom,"So being a huge fan of superhero shenanigans and being recommended this game by a friend, I'm super glad I got the chance to play this!!!I rarely see many superhero or super powered games in the industry atm, let alone any that are good or represent what you would expect in a game of that genre; an excellent story with awesome characters, wazzy and in this game's case surprisingly strategic combat with super powers, and being able to shape and choose what kind of character you get to play as.I actually got the bundle for not just this game but the two others that follow after: The Hero Project and HeroFall. I would also recommend doing this too, as like myself, after you buy and finish this first game you'll want to immediately move onto the 2nd and 3rd!And just to fully seal the deal here; I've NEVER written a Steam review before. I usually let other peeps decide for themselves whether they should or shouldn't buy a game, but I felt I needed to express how awesome this series is!"
,Not Recommended,299540,26132438,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Twilight Sparkle,"This is hardly deserving the title of Choose Your Own Adventure. I played it multiple times to see different endings. They are about as varied as the endings of Mass Effect 3. They are the same endings with different flavor.The story-line is basically the same no matter what choices you make. Pretty much every choice has the same outcome. You end up in the same places doing the same things no matter what. The ""love-interest"" tries to seduce you even if you scorn and insult them every chance you get. You end up at a building with ""Not-The-Justice-League"" even if you were told you weren't going to be part of the team. Even if you're a total♥♥♥♥♥♥ you still get the ""You're Great"" award.I never had a character die, but from what I can tell death isn't a straight game over like it is in the CYOA books. You aparently just lose some reputation or something like that.It's like driving on a highway with walls around it. You can decide what lane you want to drive in, but you can't go off the road."
76561198164565746,Recommended,299540,27532231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zachhop,I can picture myself in the game. This is the perfect game to live in your head.
,Recommended,299540,11287827,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Lolssi,"Amazing ""game"". Actually it's more like a book but I couldn't wait to import my hero into next book."
,Recommended,299540,30776963,Posted: 27 March,all,fastfinge,"This game is short enough that you can play it in a single sitting, and I'm not sure about the replay value.  However, the writing and story are good enough that I didn't want to put it down. And when you consider the price of an ebook of similar length, without any interactivity at all, this is a darn good deal."
,Recommended,299540,10857875,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Namikai,"Heroes Rise is basically a book that you're reading and writing at the same time. It's about forming your own superhero and carrying out his/her life dealing with all the problems of a hero on the rise. It's got action, suspense and romance. It's a great game that's worthy of a 7/10."
76561198035207413,Recommended,299540,19953847,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,joseph_a_weiss,Now if only someone had used a gun in Harry Potter....
,Recommended,299540,33496016,Posted: 12 July,all,Quantum,You know a story is good when you feel strong sentimental feelings on your choices DESPITE knowing that its just a freakin game!
76561198150068649,Recommended,299540,32329778,Posted: 10 June,all,Acacia,"This game is fun, brilliantly written, and generally enjoyable to play. I would strongly recommend this series!"
76561198268028163,Not Recommended,299540,34409469,Posted: 21 August,all,Ya Boi Of Destruction,"Bottom line - A fun game, but the weakest out of the trilogy due to being linear, and it tries to railroad you into a subplot no matter how hard you try to avoid it.SPOILERS BELOW--------------The game itself is fun - a superhero-themed text RPG with choices that shape your hero. You can be a paragon who believes in justice, redemption, and no killing, a renegade who doesn't play by the rules, an attention seeker who always has time for the press, or a combination of any (The game penalizes you if you can't stay true to your ideals, so hopping around from anti-hero to paragon back to anti-hero will have negative effects. This applies to the trilogy as a whole). This game is a decent start to the trilogy, but unfortunately it has it's share of weaknesses.For example, when infiltrating a club, the three options you are given will always have the same result. Even if you try to run in guns blazing, it will always end with you being hypnotized by a villain. You can play along with her and gain a MacGuffin...that shortens out when you try to use it in the same scene. I haven't attacked her, but I assume it still ends in a failure. Also, for the character ""Jury"", there isn't really an option to treat him kindly. Punching him in the face is a reoccuring gag and while it's kind of fun (He's a huge♥♥♥♥♥ ) it clashes if you're trying to go for the paragon archetype.You'll always fail your first case, no matter what. You'll also be viewed as a failure by everyone even if you've proven your skill time after time. Even if you've shown your dedication to upholding the law, the most you'll get out of it is a police buddy who'll help you. The rest of the police view you as a criminal.But the biggest issue is the forced romance. A character, Black Magic, has an obvious crush on you, and the game doesn't hold back describing how much you want to ♥♥♥♥ them (Their gender is determined by your sexual preference and gender). If you return their feelings, then the romance is sweet and sexy. If you just want to be friends, then the game will still try and force it on you anyway with an awkward scene where Black Magic fakes being in danger so they can ♥♥♥♥ you. Not returning Black Magic's feelings typically destroys any relationship they have with you, so it's either ♥♥♥♥ them and have them obsess over you, keeping your relationship solid, or remain single and have them dislike you. No middle ground here.Overall, game is fun, but the shoehorning is annoying and so is the linear storyline. Don't worry, the two games that follow are, without a doubt, in my top ten for my favorite pieces of interactive fiction. I recommend it if you really like CYOA games or if you want to get an understanding of the HR universe before hopping into any of the sequels."
76561198352158753,Recommended,299540,35253075,Posted: 27 September,all,Stormaggeden,I had played this game on my phone already. But this story has great replay value. I love this company and recommend most of their stories.Get this if you want an interesting story. The choices you make dont matter as much as in other Choice games. But its still nice.9/10
