user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198061306443,Not Recommended,299600,18867963,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,elchali_5,"Sadly I will have to give this title a ""thumb down"". As we know amazing art assets does not create an amazing experience. I can see a lot of poor decision that the dev team made for convinience( like given more ephasis to the portability of the product) by sacrificing game experience itself.-Front Ortho-cam is rather unefficient to handle multiple overlaying scene objects that are more than one square unit tall.-No key shortcuts or key remaping options (after all you dont use keys on a tablet or phone right?).-There is a lack of user feedback and tons of redability problems.That said the art would be the only thing that could justify the current price. If you are not art an art oriented person I would suggest you to think twice before purchasing this title.=====================Second Edition==================Hello Ash and Grimm Bros Team,It is nice to see that the dev team is willing to improve the current product and hear the customers’ opinions and observations. Since you took the time to take my opinion into account I would be more than happy to provide you a more detailed answer.Before getting into those details I want to express that I’m aware of the complexity that is involved on the creation of any interactive media product and how difficult it is to create an accurate user-product dynamic. I do apologize for my English as well, since it is not my first language. With that said, lets begin with the answer you requested me.USER FEEDBACK RELATED ISSUES:Cut-Scenes:When watching the intro cut scene I saw no “press <input> to skip” kind of message so my first thoughts were that transition between one cut scene image and the other one was automatic. Then the dialog stopped and it didn’t advance automatically. Hmmm…maybe I should press a key but which Key? There were no clues to figure out the key that I should press. I wanted to see the intro cut scene so my concern was: “what if I press an input to close or skip the whole cut scene instead of advancing to the next part of the cut scene”. I tried pressing space, enter and a bunch of other keys. But the game wasn’t asking me for a key. It wanted me to perform a click. Too much user-guessing right from the beginning.Game Mini Map:A mini-map’s main functionality is to allow the players to locate themselves on it. That means that you main focal stress on a mini-map should be the convention that represents the player on the map. A yellow pixel on top of equal sized brow pixels are not the best pallet and form choices to achieve this. All the other secondary elements on the mini-map (NPC and items) are more visible than the main character’s location itself. Conventions take a while to figure them out since there is no visible map legend to take a look at. Also it would be nice to be able to see key level features on the minimal like where are the local-zone teleporters located.Party health and stats:Moment to moment feedback of you party member’s is a must have. I can only see my party members’ health-bar briefly when moving from one tile to another one. Why not showing it always to allow the player to take more accurate decision and weight the risks before moving.Key bindings:In the beginning I thought that there were no key shortcuts on this game. Then I read in some forums that apparently there is some key shortcuts but not much information about them. The game should include a control scheme section to be able to see the possible inputs for the user.Also the ESC key functionality could be a little bit more practical. Open main menu and close menus will be a more common setup for this key.Curse Skull Icon:I didn’t notice when it was added to my screen or for what reason. I thought maybe is the time that I have to complete my quest. Then I notice that I ran out of time but I didn’t failed the quest. Then my conclusion was maybe is a period of time in which the undead enemies spawns. But again I was misled to believe that because of the undead iconography. Then I notice that it didn’t appear again. Long story short the 4th time I got cursed was when I realized that that Icon was meant to be the curse duration GUI representation element.Chosen Path for the main character:If you give the players the ability to move by clicking on the ground at least show them which path is the one that the AI is going to choose since the best path decided by the AI is not always the path that the player has in mind or would like to take. Moving by clicking is rather risky since the player is not able to forecast which path the AI is going to pick.READABILITY RELATED ISSUES:Overlaying Objects:I can see how important was to create non-square art assets to maintain the overall aesthetic of the game. But, the proportions of the objects combined with the chosen orthogonal perspective create a lot of undesired overlapping. I can see that the current solution allows the player to see the main character through the front objects by reducing the opacity of the last ones but the low opacity is not enough to see the immediate surroundings of the player. It is really difficult to spot obstacles, path and items on dense vegetation areas were a lot of overlapping occurs.Input inconsistency:In terms of inputs there are some dynamics that are natural for the user to expect. One user input equals to one outcome. If the user press the movement key once he or she would be expecting for the character to move one step on the map instead of two. The same can be said on the menu. If the user press the down key to go to the next option it should go down one step not two.Vegetation and Terrain coexistence:The Vegetation and the terrain does not integrate well in terms of creating a clear paths for the player to follow. Sometimes the vegetation can spawn in some places where it would give the impression that the player reached the boundaries of the map but is only an illusion created by the graphic composition on screen. This can be rather annoying if a target or objective is located on an area that is only reachable through that path. This is one of the biggest risks of leaving the level design to a procedural process. It can work very well sometimes but other times it could go really wrong.UI Usability:Trying to open the options menu is rather risky if you miss the button. The icon that brings the in-game main menu has a rather small clickable area and size. If you miss the click your character will walk towards the border of the screen no matter how far it is and how dangerous it is. You could step over several traps or get into undesirable fights. Also it would be nice to be able to close the menus by clicking outside them instead of closing each menu one by one.Once again thank you for hearing my observations and I will look forward to see the evolution process of your product."
76561197964544492,Not Recommended,299600,18867621,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Puddlestomp+,"I wasreallyexcited for this game, and followed the development for a while. I just can't recommend the game, though. I love roguelikes and have played a number of them (Caves of Qud, ToME, DCSS, etc.), and this game isn't nearly as fun as any of those. The controls are akward, the UI is clunky, the missions are boring, and it's hard to even see what is going on. I gave it a shot, and was sorely disappointed.EDIT: Developer responded, apparently they have updated the game. I won't be playing it, though as I was turned off by the initial release and refunded the game. Hopefully the kinks were worked out and the game is as good as it seemed it was going to be prerelease. Cheers."
,Recommended,299600,18877843,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,doctorsleem,"First, let me address some of the issues that people bring up.It's turn-based like old rogue games. Each time you move or attack, the enemies move or attack. You fight in the cardinal directions, so you need to be smart about your positioning. All of this is as-designed. Making this a real-time game would make it a different game. If you're looking for something real-time, then you'd need to look for a different game. Part of the fun is predicting enemy actions and movements, making a deliberate choice, and being surprised. Related, you can't turn on a grid, but really, how hard is it to mentally overlay squares on the map?The UI is not fantastic, but it's not horrible, either. Press a key (U) to open up the high-level menu, then navigate between inventory, equipment, crafting, etc. Sometimes it's easier to use a mouse within some of those sub-menus. I don't understand how this is all that different from Skyrim. It's not the pinnacle of user interface design, but I don't think it should be seen as a show-stopper.People are also complaining about the pet AI being bad. But again, to me, part of the fun is trying to predict the AI, which, like real intelligence, isn't completely predictable. I've found that with some careful consideration, I've been successful in making things align such that my pet is kicking♥♥♥♥♥with me most of the time. Again, it takes some strategy.In my opinion, this game is suffering from the same problems that many roguelike games are suffering from: some gamers just don't ""get"" these types of games. They expect something different. These types of games are not for everyone. But at least this one has a Classic Mode that allows you to save your progress to learn how it works before going hardcore.I played for two hours last night and can't wait to get back into it tonight. This game is oozing strategy. Heaps of items, >500 crafting recipes, lots of fun to be had with equipment and skill combinations, challenging positioning gameplay, random world generation, lots of stats. Anyone that says that there isn't enough content for $20 is out of their mind, if you ask me. Some of these reviewers have like 5 hours into the thing. That's $4/hr. C'mon.It takes time to learn games like this. I remember picking up Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and it felt like I was studying in school or something to learn how it worked. But it paid off. You'll find similarities in this game if you've played Stone Soup before.You'll need to be willing to put a little time into understanding how this game works. But it's worth it."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,299600,22745186,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sinatr,"Idea is good, the implementation is not.Pros:+ pleasent graphics and animation;+ humor in dialogs;Cons:- repetitive boring music;- repetitive boring gameplay: fishing, digging, crafting  and at some point fighting are not enjoyable anymore;- weird mechanic: lucky dodges, stats which doesn't tell/explain anything, all same weapons/gear;- poor UI, game is targeting too many platforms and as always PC version suffer: lack of keybindings, partially working hotkeys (you can open inventory with F1, but you can't close it with F1), with mouse is easier to talk to npc, but impossible to combat;- perspective is weird: it's unclear where are obstacles, walls below obscure view;- effects: fog, strange lightning change;- primitive AI.- map: it's half-opaque, hard to see on certain background, maximized map is absolute crap, colors indication is terrible (red enemies and green friends are ok, rest = crap).- bugs: got many UI related bugs, disabling touch-screen will disable mouse lol, most annoying is to get impossible to complete quest;- quest system: poor description and rewards, boring non-skipable dialogs, repetitive random encounters;- balance: digging may yield item for lvl 40 worth 30k, while completing quest rewards with just few coins and worthless items;- fishing: boring, unclear, but with related quests;- crime system: incomplete, unclear and worthless;- no steam ingegration: no cloud, no achievements, not even cards;- magic system is dumb;Game feels shiny at first look, but once you get few levels the woah feelings are gone and you see how incomplete it is and how much polishing it required. Stay away and don't be fooled (as me) by videos, it's boring as hell."
76561197997180428,Recommended,299600,19420748,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pellefant,"Never heard of this game before it appeared on the New releases list, but I'm enjoying it immensly so far. Gotta love positive surprises :)Pros:- Feels unique, can't really compare it to anything else- Fun and complex game mechanics- Special type of turnbased movement that works great (feels actiony, not old and stale)- Three game modes (1 proper RPG campaign + 2 fun rogue-likes)- Campaign feels significantly different from the other modes- Amazing, otherwordly graphics/art- Vibrant world, exotic and colorful mobs- Weather system, day/night cycle- Mature-ish dialogue- Music and sound effects are great too- Supports 3440x1440 resolution :)- Works great with gamepad *Cons:- * UI/menus need working on, takes too long to equip, esp. w/gamepad- No cloud save8.5/10 (which will be bumped to 9/10 if UI gets perfected)"
,Recommended,299600,18902786,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,inhow,"Bad things first: Menu system is not convenient. (batering and crafting especially). Too many non-essential quests. (They are repetitive, but you have to finish them to proceed) They make the pace of the story a little slow.However, these cons are not crucail. The game is still enjoyable: Interesting battle. This is a turn-based game, if you stay down nothing gonna happen. You have plenty of time to think your strategy. You have your pets (although sometimes your pets are stupid) your guns (Shotgun, pistol, rifle...  every gun have various ammo) bomes, melee weapons and skills (magic). Use them all in the battle and that's great! The potion (recover your HP) is some kind of Rum. But you'd better not drink them constantly, something bad will happen... Weather system is so ♥♥♥♥ing cool; Immersive scenes (spider forest... so disgusting but cool). Overall, pros > cons."
,Recommended,299600,20024301,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Oninoshiko,"It's a pretty solid graphical rougelike.First, read the manual. Anything about useing the mouse (or even wasd) to run around and/or fight, forget it. Use the 10-key. Use the mouse for crafting and/or abilities.I do like the way the fighting works. While turn-based, it still gives a sense of urgancy."
76561198013328690,Recommended,299600,18873924,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,rasabt,"This is first and foremost a game similiar (very) to Dungeons Of Dredmor; hence a rogue-like; even when it also offers a campaing mode without the typical permadeath.gamepay works just like in Dredmor, basicaly the game is turnbased: move, attack, use items skills; every action uses one ""turn"", you enemies and allies (you can have up to two pets at once fighting for ya) move after you made your ""turn"";similiar to Dredmor you can either play the game more fast paced or take your time..the choice is up to.what the game differs from Dredmor and other rogue-likes is the character-system, there is no skill/talent or anything progression; when you level you get stat-upgrades automaticaly, which take away alot of the good rogue-likes normaly present: character-building; yes, you can still make different choices depending on your equipment (which there`s a metric ton of...and wearable at the same time)...but still it feels alot more shallow than normal rogue-likes/lights.new skills/spells are aquired just like gear/loot is and can be equiped just aswell.the game offers over 500 crafting recipes, all from food to gear..so there`s alot to collect.the game has one major strength: it`s visual design; Pratchett, Grimm, typical fantasy sticks all blend into a very upbeat, colourfull gameworld with some amazing 2D backround and character art. the soundtrack isn`t outstanding, but it works..there`s basicaly no voice-over.what doesn`t work is the humor, there`s alot of the wit and ""joke"" missing the visuals suggest; it`s not terrible just a tad underwhelming.all in all a rather streamlined rogue-like, Dredmor, yet still great fun in small haps; if you can dig the price and got a nack for tbs rogue-likes or the visual still (some light rpg) definitly worth a look."
76561198071146577,Recommended,299600,18882824,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Officer Battletoad,"So Dragon Fin Soup caught my eye long time ago, when the Project started on Kickstarter.I've been playing this game for 2 hours now, and all I can say is that this game suprised me. I was sceptical about the turnbased kind of gameplay but I was really satisfied with it in the end. Combat feels nice, when you want to plan your moves, simply slow down. Using your gadgets is pretty cool.  The game feels kinda oldschool in general.Like other developer they hid some known characters here and there, which is nice to see.I have to say, I've been always diging Randis work, the game art is on the spot. It's really amazing that all the art was done by just one person.The game has some minor Problems, yes - But I am certain that the developer will take care of them soon.For their first game, this is nice. I am proud of you :')P.S: ♥♥♥♥ the guy who put the Ring ""Certain Death"" in there. I still have to admit I laughed when I put it on."
76561198123116280,Not Recommended,299600,24243175,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,surroundedbyair,"This game is…meh. It’s something to play if you are bored. Would have made an excellent cell phone game.PositivesVery easy to pick up and put downMany creative weapons and equip able items (can’t see them on character though, which is probably a good thing considering some of the items)Pretty graphics for a simple gameNegativesAll missions are the same, or at least they are where I am at. You either have to find a certain number of items/people or kill a certain number of enemies/boss. Not that thrilling.  There are the crafting and fishing missions, but if you aren’t in a spot where those supplies are at, you aren’t going to be able to work on them.  There isn’t any incentive to level up, because the enemies level up with you.Bugs! Bugs! Bugs! Turning off that special graphic thingie (very technical, I know, but I don’t remember what it was) helped immensely. But the main map freezes still. Thankfully there is an autosave function every time you enter a new room.Crafting- it’s fun, until you realize that you just spent a good 10-20 minutes, creating the ingredients for the weapon you want, only to realize after you have created that special weapon that you are too under leveled to use it.  And don’t even get me started on finding the crafting ingredients. The digging is very random, so if you are trying to make a particular item, it’s going to take you a lot of digging to find it. Which I suppose is realistic, but I’m playing as an alcoholic red riding hood. I’m not going for realism here . Though I wouldn’t mind the shovel being more like a real shovel. I don’t understand why the shovel is a consumable item.Graphics- weather events can obscure them, which makes it annoying.Storyline-not that great. It’s not very storyline intensive, as far as I can tell. It’s definitely not humorous. I don’t remember laughing at anything in this game actually."
76561197999835160,Recommended,299600,18917376,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,shade,"I was hesitant to buy this game, on the one hand I like heavily scripted/story driven RPG games, and I have no issues with rogue likes.The reason why I didn't buy this the instant it came out is, of course, the 'mixed' rating (at time of writing) of this game.After 6 hours of gameplay I must say that _sometimes_ a minor issue does pop up. But mostly I think the negative ratings are way too critical and dismissive of the obvious charm that this game displays.I like the story, the main character, the visuals and the controls are not as buggy as many of the reviews would have you beleive.In short, this is a nice game. Get it if you're a fan of rogue likes and/or story-driven RPG."
76561198066622872,Recommended,299600,18866227,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bob-B-Q,"I watched a friend play this on Twitch and I fell in love with it without even trying it.  I immediately recognised it as a traditional, old school Roguelike game, and being a fan of that genre I'm finding it amusing how game reviews keep describing it as a blend of Tactical RPG and Roguelike, or a blend of Chrono Trigger and Diablo, or whatever.  Naw, it's straight up old school Roguelike gameplay, and I love it.I keep picking up hints that this is a game made by people who love video games, just little references to other games here and there.  This makes the game very enjoyable for me.I'm actually playing it on a computer that's not at all deisgned for gaming (a bargain bin, single core laptop) and the game is playing just fine, minus some lengthly loading times.  Since it's a turn based game I can't see this being much of a problem.  So good job!My only complaints just far, echoing some of the others I've read, is that there's no way to rebind keys.  The game also promises quite a bit of replay value, and I hope it lives up to its promise.If you like old school Roguelike you'll probably love this game.  If you like contemporary roguelikes and want to try something fun with an old school flavour then I would highyl recommend this title."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,299600,18866038,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Poor controls lead to frustrating fights at times.Other than that, it's a cute roguelike game that can be brutally hard in some areas out of nowhere.  Sometimes, you'll be hit by a mob and you won't know where it came from (ranged attack).Graphically the game looks like a flash game from a tablet and you can tell too because the options don't allow for mouse scrolling right now.It's a downvote for me right now due to the bad controls and the price.  On a tablet, this would be 5 bucks.  But since we get the ""privelege"" of 1080p we have to pay nearly 20 dollars for this."
76561198088968551,Not Recommended,299600,18867455,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,wobbiso,"Simply put: this game is not worth $22.00, and I would only recommend this game if it appeals to you AND is offered at $10.00 or less (at which point I will switch my rating and judge less harsh in my review)PROS:- Feels very satisfying being able to 'kite' enemies with your shotgun blasts with AoE damage while your pets soak up damage. Best feature hands down.- The characters have solid amount of energy in dialogue and art.- Unlockable playable characters for replay value.- Music is surprisingly impressive.CONS:-  There is a huge lack of a main objective/plot/quest. I've spent the entire game so far just talking to a bar owner for pointless side quests (it's the only way to progress).- Lack of wit in dialogues, which is odd/disappointing for these types of games.- Animations are played at ~6 frames/second and it makes it feel like a RPG Maker game.- Being ""turn-based"" means nothing. It feels weird and unnecessary; playing it in real time would make the game feel smoother and take away only a very small amount of strategy."
76561198042628923,Recommended,299600,19002925,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kloodge,"This game does still need some interface and visual tweaks, but overall it's well done and fun. I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from. Maybe the recent updates fixed a lot of problems that I never saw.I'm about 6.5 hours in to it and like it quite a bit. You are based out of a small town and go on quests that the towns people give you. Most of the the quests are a stand-alone rogue-ish missions with one or more dungeon-type levels (some are outdoors). You can fail missions but you do not permanently die unless you select hardcore mode or whatever it's called.One of the main things I like about it is the number of gear slots. There are about 15, including four rings. You are not showered with loot but there is enough to keep it interesting.I'm level 15 and only have 2 skills so far. I'm not even sure how I got them. There are a bunch of slots for skills so I assume there are many more but I don't know how to get them. I should probably read the manual..."
,Recommended,299600,18865629,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lil' Sassy,"Very charming little roguelike, but I would wait for a sale.https://youtu.be/nh1OcJD7Uz0While the combat itself is not on the same level of complexity as something like Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup, ADOM, ect. There is still a decent amountof depth to it in terms of equipment, spells and unlockables.The art direction, monster design and soundtrack are fantastic and the story isn't so bad either.The characters are unique and while at first I thought I was going to get tired of the main character due to her being described as a raging alcoholic, I was pleasantly surprised that she ends up being funny and not at all annoying.The other reviews mention the controls being sluggish but I found that all movement and actions were actually very smooth, I was playing with a keyboard and WASD though. I've never played a roguelike with a controller before but I might check it out and update this review with a look at that.Overall, if you're into coffee break roguelikes then I'd highly recommend this but if you were looking for something with a staggering amount character builds and backbreaking difficulty I would hold out for something else. It resembles games like Sproggiwood more so than KeeperRL/ Caves of Qud/ Ect."
76561198143972439,Recommended,299600,19081485,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"I was a bit reluctant to try this due to the negative reviews but I really love this game. 3 different play modes, the story mode which is more like an actual RPG where you can save your progress, survival mode and labyrith which are the rogue-like modes. They're all very enjoyable. I like the jokes in the game and the fact that Robin is based on Little Red Riding Hood, who acts nothing like her. I believe later on you can also unlock other characters. C: The developers are also working hard on improving the game. The interface is personally not an issue for me at all and the controls are very smooth, especially like the fact I can basically do anything with my mouse if I wanted. And might I add that I absolutely love the title screen music. I recommend you guys make a DLC for the game's music sometime."
,Recommended,299600,18990491,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ForestDragon,"Interesting Game and Art Style! It's turn based, but if you run, and kill, it's like a hack'n slash! The Music is Pretty good, the graphic and athmosphere too! And loot, loot, loot! I recommend this game!"
76561197997047650,Not Recommended,299600,18879576,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mcgregor,"To sum up: It looks good but feels wrong. It feels like a casual game and a bad port and something that could be fun.I hope the devs polish this a lot.  The PC release needs to play well on a PC.Let's start with some basic things, controls.  Though the devs have stated that the pc is their primary platform, they don't play by longstanding pc conventions.  What do you expect 'esc' to do in a game for pc? Nothing? Oh, wait, it exits menus, but does not bring up an options menu with load and save and most importantly - quit?!   How about ""alt-tab'?  In full screen, nothing, nada, zilch.  That's not right. In a roguelike, dungeon crawler, rpg, etc, pushing the ""i"" key should bring you to your inventory.  And it should be customisable.  These are only a few of the issues.  All in all it feels like a bad port made primarily for gamepads or touchscreens. I play with mouse and keyboard and have the option of a touchscreen.  Touchscreen is too tedious and not precise enough for the action.  Mouse and keyboard are awkward.  Moving by mouse click will have you fined your hard earned gold when you accidentally cut down city trees (Protip: some things are worth smashing in town once you have some money to pay for it).  Moving by WASD and QEZC for diagonals is much better, with enter for attacking the selected target, though that requires the occasional mouse use to point your character in the right direction.  For a game that require precision to survive, the controls don't always allow it.  Then there's the camera...Though the difficulty ramps up appropriately for its genre, it doesn't feel very satisfying when you die or lose your comrades to clicking on an iceblock instead of the ghost next to it.  The terrain needs to turn transparent at a distance, not when standing directly under/north of/next to it.  And it seems that this ""feature"" is used in the dungeons fairly often to hide treasure and treasure rooms.  I found myself playing by the minimap too much, which just can't be right given the work put into the look of the game.  And sadly, once you remove that aesthetic, DFS doesn't compare well to other roguelikes out there.  The limitiations of the character, the apparent lack of content (linear progression), and the awkward controls really let it down.Oh, and the fishing minigame is broken out of the gate (to be patched soon according to the forums.)The menus UI must be improved.  It can easily be slimmed down.  There are three, possibly four, screens that could be combined into one.  The inventory screen is pointless; it might as well be merged with the equipment screen.  The pets screen could be merged too, since your pets are just another item.  The other item management screen, crafting, has its own issues - far too many clicks, no recipe automation - and realistically could be merged with inventory too, though that might confuse the already awkward controls.  One glaring fault in the crafting menu is no easy transition to equipment.  If I make something worthwhile I probably want to put it on as quickly as possible.  There is wasted space on the left hand side, why not have my equipment over there so I can try on my new stuff?  Or, if that isn't feasible, and I admit it would start to look a bit too cluttered, how about a button that brings me straight to my equipment menu like the one that the redundant inventory menu has?Crafting is dull, awkward (again) and a bit of a grind.  When you finally do make something interesting you probably can't use it for some time.  I have some cargo pants that must wait to wear because I was half the appropriate level when I made them.  Finally putting them together was a genuinely exciting moment.  But now I must be very patient.  To wear cargo pants... As far as awkward goes, it is far better with mouse than with gamepad.  But it can still be imroved.  Right click, shift click, alt click, ctrl click,middle click, even double left click could move the ingredient into the crafting station.  Instead we right click the ingredient, move the mouse to find the occasionally different location of the move ingredient button, then left click that button.  You do this over and over again to level up your abilities to craft something that might be useful.  You can slowly drag and drop too, but both of these options are inferior to a simple double or single click.This particular problem has been solved, before.  Why are we reinventing the wheel of inventory management with every game?  The right click context menu of move, eat, exit menu, and trash is unnecessary and slows every process down.  Perhaps it works for gamepads but it's a step backward for the rest of us.  A trash can in the corner works fine for the few times you need to use it.  I doubt it requires the 25%-33% attention that the right click context menu affords it.  And the buttons moving around are just... aweful.  On the far right hand side, I have to be very careful not to throw my gear away, because the context menu buttons are suddenly in a different place to account for the side of the screen.  And they change based on edibility.  There are no takebacks for trashed items.  Combine that with the massive amounts of item sorting for successful crafting/ingredient storage = headache.Skills also need improving.  They have short descriptions but no NUMBERS!  I must open my equipment, look at my wall of numbers, exit to the game, use the skill, open back to my equipment and then compare to see what it did.  Why not just tell me in the first place?  Once again, this problem has been solved before.  The devs say it is not a casual game, but the text only descriptions of skills says something else.  Skills are also gained entirely at random, which brings me to leveling.Leveling.  This is where it feels most casual.  Sometimes I get +1 attack from a level.  Sometimes I get +1 in six or seven other areas too.  It isn't obvious why this is happening.   I assume it is based on what skills you have used.  This leads to the following scenario:  if you spent a character level (or ten)  doing very well and killing enemies before they can damage you, then you won't improve your armor skills, leaving you out of luck later on in the game.  Your character doesn't progress in any other way.  There are no skill trees, classes, abilities, perks.  None of that.  You find random skills in crates.  For a game with an ""adult humor"" veneer, that feels very immature in a game design way, not much substance, it starts to veer into a territory that is very shallow, very...  casual.Combat is hampered by all of the above.  Also, when you heal or find an item or skill, there is a very annoying popup (can i get a popup blocker for this game?) that hangs around for a little too long.  It is directly over your character, stopping all action.  Put that information to the side where it belongs, color coded to show health and items different from damage rolls.  There are also obnoxious popups for leaving areas.  If I walk through a doorway I don't want to confirm.  If I speak to a vendor I don't want to confirm.All in all, this game seems to have gone through production without quality feedback.  Some of these design choices are obviously wrong for the medium.  Escape should bring up an options menu so we can quit easily (and seek a refund, perhaps).  You don't hide it in a submenu of to the side.  Furthermore, game design according to the popup ads industry is a huge annoyance for everyone.  Keep things smooth.  It all leaves me my scratching my head, and by the length of this review, for clearly too long.  That said I am still trying to play it and I am having some occasional fun.  There seems to be some fun to be had here, but the tools to scratch that itch are all wrong and somewhat painful.  Much of this is cosmetic. Some is substantial.  For me, it is death by a thousand cuts."
,Recommended,299600,18902520,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Bandit King,"It's a pretty cool game..if you like games like this, I do....so I put up with the small prob's. Game has some good Dev's working hard on it so it will get better. They seem to care aboot the baby they just had."
,Recommended,299600,21287336,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BearsGoRawr,"An excellent rogue-like game that mixes in strategy and delivers it with a great sense of humor and visually pleasing graphics.  If you are a fan of rogue-like games or prefer your protagonists to have a drinking problem, give this game a shot.  Combat in this game is challenging and worthwhile encouraging you to play it safe and plan out your moves instead of charging in head first.  You will have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you continually but if you are patient you can get the job done.I wasn't expecting this game to grab me as it has.  Soon after quiting it I am tempted to start playing it again.Oh and alcohol is used to restore HP, just like in real life."
,Not Recommended,299600,22825508,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lostedge,"I watched the trailer and I was expecting to see tactical turn-based combat, boss fights, puzzles, interesting combat system and a neat story.I was severely disappointed. Most of the enemies go down by clicking mouse button and using 'health potion' untill they die. I was hoping for more tactical approach where you needed to think what to do next. The game has bombs, ranged weapons and spells, but you don`t need to use them. It is easier to just spam left mouse button. The ammo is limited and it is too much hassle stocking it or switching between ammo types. Bombs are somewhat usefull because they do lot of damage.Spells? Basically I am 11h in game at level 32 and I have found 3 spells. Two of them are useless and just give a little protection against certain elements. One of them gives damage boost, but you also take more damage. If they gave me some usefull spells at the beginning it would spice up the gameplay or maybe even somekind of special attack. No such luck.Story is a lackluster. Basically you do random chores until you get something story related. The chores are mostly about rescuing some random person and then getting 500g as reward. Resurrecting a pet costs 10k gold. You get jack-smith with 500g.With minor changes the game would have gotten positive review from me. Biggest problem is that it is repetive, and no new tools are introduced after 30 mins of gameplay. I will probably force myself to finish this or wait for the big patch."
76561197963561350,Recommended,299600,21377989,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Roebandit,"A dope and witty rogue-like game. Yes they throw you right into the game but you should click on ""read or die"" in the main menu. Spend a few mins looking over the controls and basic gameplay, It will make it more enjoyable.  Yes to Red Ridin Hood and yes to booze being your liquid courage :)"
76561198019546899,Recommended,299600,19059719,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Limu,"I have to admit, it's a more fun than it was on day one. Sadly if i had given up on day one like a lot of others, they might not have seen what the game is really like. But overall it has a complexity to it that you don't see in a lot of rogue likes.So for me the Pro's would be-Crafting, while complex unlike a lot of others that require a lottery of luck to get the pieces you need it gives you the opportunity to explore and destroy almost your entire surroundings to find what you might need to make the gear you want and what you don't find through luck you can often times buy from npcs.The con of that system though is this-Though the crafting system could be happier if just when on that screen right clicking an item would send it to the crafting forge instead of click and drag.The pro's of fighting are-It tells you pretty much at the start, you can move and even shoot diagonally up to a point with certain weapons. The pet system for tanks and sometimes even higher more sustained damage than you have, they heal quickly and while you can only have two you can carry more pets in your inventory should one be knocked out. Pet's don't die they can be revived in town, while i cannot say for certain this is the same in endless dungeon or survival mode that just means you have to be more protective and careful just like any other rogue like game.-Weapons all have their own way to fight with them, some have multiple attacks others just one harsh hard fit, axes swing realisticly all around you and spears pierce through targets in a line.Con's of it sadly are- Not being able to easily distinguish pet's health bar, your own health bar apart from enemies. Being different colors might help but for now it's easiest to just look below at the bigger health bar for you but that doesnt help your pets.- Sometimes it can be hard to see if an enemy is on the same line as you to attack it horizontally, but the minimap does help you figure that out as well partly.Overall though from what i've seen the game is rather fluid, it punishes you at times but if you are careful and have a mind for rogue likes and learn how to cheat your way out of circumstances, and there are times I do recommend running to find that nook and cranny you need to fight those hardest of enemies, or to get back and regenerate your health because of something unexpected, if you like rogue likes give it a shot when it's on sale because so far i've enjoyed my time with it and the quirky characters to it and even if you just play it because it's a rogue like while I can't say as of yet it will get as many hours out of me as ""faster than light, rogue legacy, our darker purpose, binding of isaac"" it will make me play it to completion and likely play through it again through the non story modes afterwards for a true roguelike experience."
76561198040700323,Recommended,299600,33061117,Posted: 30 June,all,rshears8,"I picked this game up cautiously after reading the reviews posted about it and having followed the game's development since it came out. I went in with very low expectations. Within the first 2 hours, I have encountered no bugs and the game runs on my potato of a laptop. It chugs along and occasionally becomes unresponsive during load times. BTW, the game loads a lot. Especially during story mode because it reloads every time the screen changes and this can take a while. A long time in some instances.The humor is amusing, but nothing original, the graphics aren't specatular, but they are colorful and cute. If you have played  rogue-likes, the system is nearly the same, there's no hunger meter to worry about!But seriously, at its current price of 5 bucks, and if you set your expectations to the bottom, this game is pretty fun and a decent time waster. Also, I wanted to write a recent review since the most recent are from a couple of builds ago."
76561198054248208,Not Recommended,299600,22553509,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Moondrench,"Long story short - controls kill fun.U should know this before buying. U cannot redefine controls in this game, and the deafult layout is too clunky for me - nine movement buttons, eight skill buttons, no chance to open game menu ingame. Also, I couldn't use mouse to attack or interact for some reason, so it had to be an Enter key. Considering u still need a mouse ingame, playing with both hands on a keyboard is not an option."
76561198032928932,Recommended,299600,23719943,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BLÀde,"A promising game but with MANY flaws. The game mechanics are good, the random dungeons are well generated it looks great and it captures that classic turn based dungeon crawler feel complete with hidden traps and teleports, chests and gold galore and even a few puzzles here and there to solve.BUT it's got a few flaws1. 1st off there is an annoying one second delay between attacks! But the devs reckon they will be fixing this so we'll see.2. crafting is pointless since you get the equips and ammo anyway in the dungeons.3. if you do attempt to craft you'll find a terrible system instead. Instead of everything being in categories and easy to find it's all in 1 big long list that you have to scroll up and down through which is just frustrating as hell! Also some of the recipes to make stuff like bombs and ammo are just ridiculously stupid it's far easier just to pick up the drops in dungeons. This alone makes you avoid the craft system.4. if you use liquor to heal if you drink too much you go nuts and start running around doing nothing while the mobs continuously attack you and you die! My advice get the healing spells FAST than just sell all your liquor from there on!If you have to play this do it with a controller (logitech f710 works great) and ignore the crafting system and it's actually quite playable. You'll be back for more with the insanely hard survival mode (you'll be lucky to survive 5 floors!) as well as endless dungeon modes!"
,Recommended,299600,19120721,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Supified,"I love roguelikes and this is a roguelike and a pretty decent one too.  I bought it because it had soup in the title and it made me think of dungeon crawl stone soup.  Not as deep, but also not as punishingly difficult. I recomment."
76561198028998752,Recommended,299600,18939469,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Grimscoff,"Nice game! Beautiful roguelike - what else is needed?I wonder why so many bad reviews... yes, controls and UI is a mess, but developers promised to correct this problem. And the game will be not just nice, but excellent!"
76561198061336044,Recommended,299600,18941954,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Captain Facepalm,"a charming little game, kinda in the veins of swords of the stars: the pit mixed with zelda,its a turn based rpg in the way that, all turns are simultanius and happen when u take most actions like attack and move,not an easy game, lost of secrets, really awsome art style but the animations leave somthing to be desired,really recomended if u like old school rougue-like with an actual story line.sorry for my bad english, dont hate :P"
,Recommended,299600,26060422,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,VerbalCreation,"This game is an excellent game to pass the time. The story is not so heavy that it requires a serious investment of several hours in order to get into it, but it is good enough to keep you interested througout its development.Combat is fun and easy, as you have a serious advantage over most enemies--you can move diagonally while they are stuck on the x-y axis. However, if you get yourself backed into a corner, you can get eaten alive easily.Some of the non-story related quests do get a little repetitive, but are generally fun, and easy enough to complete.Overall, this game is a fun, lighthearted game to pass the time."
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,299600,22624018,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ChaosRepeated,"I read the bad reviews and thought avoid. Then I read the good reviews that it was all fixed. So I thought I'd give it a chance.I wanted to like it, I mean it's name Dragon Fin Soup reminds me of playing stone soup. One of the best roguelikes ever.However this game is everything SS wasn't. It has fancy graphics that glitch out and give you eye strain. It has music, unfortunately the same 4 bars on loop but hey.. But most depressingly it has boring monsters and war of attristion combat.I wanted to like it, but I dont"
,Recommended,299600,22735182,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Eveny,"its like chocobos's dungon 2 which is one of my favorite games of all time but with  sexy red robin hood as the main chracter the crafting system is kinda hectic and its annoying seeing copys of the same recipe in my recipes section if i found it i need to only see one damn copy of it and not like 7 copys of the some one but overall i enjoy the game a good bit because it reminds me of my childhood game i highly recomend this game and i hope it gets some tweeks to make it even betterPROS:- Three game modes (Story, Survival, Endless Labyrinth)- Two difficulties (Normal and Hardcore/Permadeath)- Unlockable characters in Endless Labyrinth- Controller support- Pets to collect, up to two in your party- Crafting and fishing systems to play around with- The dungeon areas have a lot of little secrets- Devs are listening, taking in feedback, and releasing patches to fix major issuesCONS:- Crafting UI is awful.- Menu system needs to be reworked- Not enough information in battle- Dungeons can feel ""cluttered"" and sometimes tricky to see/escape- A lack of keybindings- Storage space is small"
,Not Recommended,299600,29455801,Posted: 23 January,all,Spear Deer,"Ive followed this game for a couple years honestly, long before it was even greenlit. Thing is, when the game was pitched it was a novel concept, during the roguelike boom they wanted to do a story driven tactical rpg roguelike with gorgeous graphics, a sense of humor, and a whole bucket of other interesting features. Their development cycle was so slow, and the game ended up being so derivative and mediocre that when it was finally released it was frustrating and forgettable. Everything it did had already been done, and done better.It hasn't aged gracefully either. The developers are uncommunicative, slow, and honestly just crap at their job. Their homepage is covered in spam & popups, and the Extra Chunky Edition that was supposed to be out by the end of the year is nowhere to be ♥♥♥♥ing seen. Honestly you'd think everyone working on the project was a hobbyist at this point."
,Recommended,299600,29551932,Posted: 28 January,all,Skadisson,"Imagine you're at a party. In this case a party for top down, tile-based RPGs. You see this kinda weird looking chick, but you get a really stronghearted vibe from her hearing her talk and interact with others. Yeah, you are a creepy stalker in this review, just like all gamers today are when following a game's development, but not as abusive as most of them. And then it's your turn, you see her idle, you walk up to her and try to start an easy conversation. The conversation goes nothing like you imagined, nothing you could've mentally prepared before talking to her would be of any use. She's quirky, a strong woman, but quirky. The first minute basically was letdown to you and you think of just parting ways. But then there's this kinda magical moment that makes you feel like a wuss for already leaving her, so you start playing along with her weird ways. And after a few minutes you get her and you kinda start digging her. Yeah, you'll probably not invite her over right away, but every time you meet her this magical vibe starts getting stronger and stronger.This is the only way i am able to describe my experience with this game on a sentimental level. And if my weird thought experiment would go on it would finish with ""...and then they married and lived happily together ever after."" Alongside the PC and PS4 i also play the PS Vita version a lot, because on the go this is great for short sessions, while PC for me is great to play the story mode on. I wouldn't recommend trying to grind this game for many hours in one go, because it's combat mechanics will eventually get to you in very negative ways, which is the reason for so many negative reviews. The combat mechanics are interesting, maybe even implemented in the best way this basic idea couldve been realized in a game, but still they are very frustrating, making the game unnecessarily hard to master. I'm speaking of everyone only moving when you do - and this in a tile-based system.I love this game as you can guess by all the versions of it i bought for so many platforms, and i'm neither payed nor a backer of the kickstarter. If you love random generated worlds and monster placement, standard top down, tile based RPG mechanics paired with an interesting twist, this game is for you.I'd also recommend checking out ""Little Viking How To Play Dragon Fin Soup"" on YouTube to give you 100% insight on the game's basics."
,Recommended,299600,20015582,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"No permadeath? 10/10, best rogue-like ever.No, seriously, permadeath is a terrible mechanic; I couldn't be happier that someone else came to the same realization. Combined withDragon Fin Soup'slush 2D art and familiar TRPG gameplay? A proper match made in gaming heaven."
,Not Recommended,299600,32168694,Posted: 3 June,all,Penguin,"when was the last time we heard about the update? six months ago?it's a neat game, it has the potential.sadly, the developer screw it up.4/103 points for the music, 1 points for other ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968806040,Not Recommended,299600,20461132,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MIOM Rafiki,"I wanna like this game. I really really do. I got hyped for it when I saw it at PAX Prime the past two years cause the story and character(s) seemed fresh and new.Unfortunately, for the price I paid, the game is severly lacking. The UI is clunky, the crafting system is burdensome and impossible to manage (500+ recipes /all/ of which have to be learned by discovering them in the world if you don't look them up on random forums). The story line hasn't progressed and currently I'm level 33 without any idea of where the writers/developers planned to progress the story.It has been a never ending series of fetch quests and rescue missions and none of them progress the story. Not being able to map keybinds is also frustrating as there are quite a few menus to make use of. The manual is extremely short and not nearly detailed enough. I still have no idea the purpose of the rage bar or what monster defenses are like. I'm hack and slashing through combat hoping for the best even though I'm a min/max player.Robin is such a cool and interesting character but this game doesn't do her any justice and she doesn't get nearly drunk enough (plus the dialogue feels flavorless). Has literally felt like I'm continually going back and forth to the den of evil over and over again and I'll never even get to andarial... if you get the d2 reference.I will definitely revisit the review if any of my suggestions are taken into account but in the mean time I have to shelf this game since it's not just doing it for me. I'm surprised none of these issues (and others) were considered considering how many times this game was ""delayed"" for release.Also I still have no reason why I ate a pair of leather pants that seemed pretty good. Why that's available is beyond me."
,Recommended,299600,19835157,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LamentForGhouls,Yellow Snow Rum; This rum restores HP and tastes like yellow snow. 10/10 Would drink again.
76561198032073131,Not Recommended,299600,23139944,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,☣Kekskuchen☣,"the game is ridiculous, some parts are too easy others are too hard, you get ganged up by monstersand the music is a rhythm of about 10 seconds repeated endlessly till combat is over"
76561198086753141,Recommended,299600,22116375,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Eldritch Nightmare,"I realy like this game, Alot, I waited forevor for it and got what i wanted, not neccesarily how i expected but it still made me excited. Is it perfect, no, but as an indie project it is better than most, and if you get it it won't disapointed!"
,Recommended,299600,26103450,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Echo With Blind,"Let's say Dragon Fin Soup is a strategy game where your main goal (besides the own missions that the game gives you) is to stay alive, or rather, not to kill yourself with your own bomb.Dragon Fin Soup excels in its genre for the simple fact of the existence of multiple modes, generalized maps (something very flashy) and the feeling evolve over time (what people these days look for in a rpg)."
,Not Recommended,299600,18870667,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,pikkukalsari,"I waited for Dragon Fin Soup for what, like 2 years?! Obviously it was an insta-purchase for me but oh boy what a let down it was.As a fan of the roguelike genre - both old and new - I felt that DFS offered the option for perma-death just to be able to call itself a roguelike.  The movement/attacking is grid- and turnbased but you don't see the grid which led to some very clunky moving. Obviously I couldn't go very indebth with my game time but felt that if the game is annoying and clunky in the beginning it's not worth my time. Reminded me of Dungeons of Dredmor, that's a plus."
,Not Recommended,299600,23968433,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Skiffee,"""elchali_5"" has a pretty good review written up, so I won't bother repeating all of the issues they listed. You should give it a read if you haven't.I'd just like to add that the tutorial for the game is an external YouTube video. It's 50 minutes long and is done by an extremely amateur sounding voice actress that got on my nerves right away. I couldn't make it through much of the video so I tried just playing the game without it, but it felt like I was missing a million and one should-be-obvious things.Everything about this game screams bad mobile port; it's just missing the micro transactions."
,Recommended,299600,18866074,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,q3.railgun,"An American-style Mystery dungeon game. For those of you unfamiliar with the genre, think any game that has the words mystery dungeon in it or Spike-Chunsoft's Shiren the Wanderer series. Turn based rogue lite with a very funny story of an alcoholic that's trying to remember her past.I have played this game at PAX while they were still working on it, spoke with one of the devs regarding JPN localization and I'm really glad that they followed through with it. I have recommended the game then, and I will still recommend the game now.Some minor issues with the UI as some people have mentioned where the KB/M controls are a bit heavy on the mouse (navigating menus) but putting that aside, it is a great title to have if you enjoy the mystery dungeon style games."
,Not Recommended,299600,18880544,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Auto_meris,"There are some good ideas, but until the UI and control issues are fixed I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,299600,29265546,Posted: 14 January,all,Merevel,"I do not recomend this game. It is boring after the first couple of hours. It felt like rinse wash repeat. Pets are nice and a huge help, but if they die, they will quickly be to low lved to help anymore. The labrynth mode, well, most characters are pretty much reskins, or have very slightly different options. The controls, could use some improvement. *shrugs* Not really much to say about it otherwise, just do yourself a big favor and check out some of the other reviews for a better analyses.The devs seemed to have abandoned the game from the way the forums sound."
76561198150534382,Not Recommended,299600,20456444,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Morbo,"One of the most anticipated games for me, unfortunately ended in failure.I wish I could recommend this game, but alas.Here is overall review:PROS:+ Georgeus art and eye-pleasing graphics+ Satisfying gameplay (Turn-based combat is well made and feels almost like real-time)+ Well made story-line+ Colorful world and mobsCONS:- Full of bugs- Crashes every second time on travels- Horrifying UI. Seriously, what were you guys thinking?! It asks me every single time if I'm sure of what I want to do. This makes crafting painful. No support of keyboard what-so-ever- Poorly made character dialogues (aside from Robin)- Sound and BGM are below desired level. Battle sounds are annoying and way too ""blunt"". Little BGM diversity.- ""Read or Die"" manual is a sad attempt in making a tutorial. It's so clear that this is a version meant to be printed and shipped with CD/DVD. If you want to include some wiki/tutorial in game - at least make it easy to navigate.A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs and crashes makes this game nearly unplayable.I can close eyes on most of cons but at least make sure your games works and hire some decent UX designer as Grim Bros certainly lack skills in this area.Unfortunately at this stage I can't recommend this games.If Grim Bros would fix at least first two described problems then I could recommend this game as it certainly feels prominent and potential.I hope for future fixes and updates."
76561197960454907,Not Recommended,299600,22531000,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Vagabond,controls are awful and make the game no fun to play
76561198027845400,Not Recommended,299600,22620857,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shuffleblade,"I loved this game, besides all the buggs (that are still not ironed out), I thought it had that hardcore vibe that I love from roguelikes.My first playthrough(on hardcore), I've been really really close to dying once early on but besides that everything was going very well. I was cruising through making sure to keep my level and gear up to date because you know.. hardcore.After 7 hours of playing, monster farming, crafting and so on. I noticed I could click a food icon when interacting with a shovel. I clicked it and I insta-died.My point is that this game is not made for people that likes roguelike or hardcore, if you like turnbased cute games go for this. If you want hardcore challenge like I did, stay away this game is rediculously unfair. Its a shame really, with a bit of work on buggs and a more thought out system this game could be amazing also for us hardcore players. Sadly the developers have catered to the casual players on this one."
,Recommended,299600,18879040,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pish,"A very nice and beautiful roguelike.I played Story Mode in Hardcore and, of course, I died while doing the third or fourth dungeon quest. I felt lazy to start the story again so I played Endless instead, which is, I think, how roguelikes should be played. I definitely enjoyed Endless more than the Story mode, maybe because I stupidly dived in to Hardcore very soon.I started playing using a Logitech F310 gamepad but I thought it was clunky as hell. So I tried using the keyboard and it was way better but you have to use the mouse to open the menu by clicking a small icon(which is gonna get fixed in patch 1.02 according to the devs). Using the mouse only is currently the best way to play the game.Overall, the game is solid and I highly recommend this."
,Not Recommended,299600,20254885,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nostromo The Viking,"(Note: I only spent about 3.5 hours in Dragon Fin Soup, before asking for a refund. Sorry Grimm Bros.)First off, I want to explain why I did ask for a refund.The bugs, oh the bugs. I've had to delete my game 4 times over that course of time because of my Story Quest not triggering, or because the dungeon I just finished killing EVERYTHING in, had no Exit Portal. Even saving, going to Title Menu and entering again did not show and Exit Portal which is VERY frustrating.The Combat, while different and innovative it feel so urgent. In cases of multiple enemies on the screen you constant feel that ""Oh s%!#, Oh s%!#, Oh s%!#"" motion because they actually know how to double back and attack you in the back causing critical hits and getting you killed.Because, you will die alot, because it's nearly impossible to get healing beverages early in the game.So I just bashed the game to the ground, what did I like though ?The graphics are pretty great, the sound assets are okay but annoying after just a single hour due to repetition. The music is so short and it's on a loop, after that 1 hour I just muted the game because the looped music was just annoying to me.I just keep going don't I ?Well, my best tip is - Do the research before purchasing Dragon Fin Soup. Watch some reviews on YouTube or your preferred source, get some gameplay videos in as well, I don't think you can get too many spoilers, the maps are randomly generated so every save file is going to be different, however it can be seeded just like The Binding of Isaac.And if you do purchase it, you can still ask for a refund if it wasn't worth it for you.Will I come back if the game gets updates ?Maybe, it depends. I'm the kind of person that doesn't come back to anything if I get dissappointed by it, so I more than likely won't unless Grimm Bros. patch out the bugs."
,Recommended,299600,22589148,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MaFooBar,Turns out to be turnbased.
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,299600,21437148,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Woodsparrow,"Graphics were great.Story was...something out of a Newgrounds flash game from 2005 as run through a Bablefish translator. It was cringeworthy at best, and poorly written regardless.Music was good.Controls were terrible."
,Not Recommended,299600,18869231,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ClassicVinyl,"I liked the look of this game, checked when there was 9 positive reviews and decided to purchase it.The games looks cute and seems like it would be fun, but the controls are horrible and you can't rebind them.This could have ended well but this is a deal breaker, I mean did you guys test your game.I don't like asking for a refund from steam,but in this case I feel I need too.In game controls,option or menu controls,inventory everything is messed up."
,Not Recommended,299600,18919857,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Iron Pangolin,"I was very hopeful about this game despite the negative reviews. I am a huge fan of tactical games and rougelikes in general. I don't know what it is but don't let the pleasing art style deceive you.Pros:-Great artstyleCons:-Combat is lack luster and generic from the start with very little strategy as far as rougelikes go.-Despite the wonderful art the music is soooooo compressed and terrible it is hard to listen to for more than 5 minutes.-Terrible controls-Inventory is a travesty-No way to access game options while playing, you have to save and quit to change the options."
,Recommended,299600,23758879,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Capslock2000,"It's hard, Fun, but hard"
76561197994894186,Not Recommended,299600,19002873,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Deinbeck,"Best of luck to the developers.  Too many wonky design choices for me to want to dig deeper.  The voice-over at the start...sounds like poop.  Why even have it there?  The filters obscuring the screen half the time, the messed-up controls.  The animations are disappointing.  The actual assets are nice, but everything is implemented in a way that makes the whole package look sub-par when compared to similar games (bizarre ""fog"" overuse, jerky animations, etc.)."
76561197975341760,Recommended,299600,18881901,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Cool Chris,I like it.
,Not Recommended,299600,20497091,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Douglas Quaid,"SoI amde this awesome +10 Greatsword I'm talking flaming paladin Carsomyr grade action all ready to slot this thing and fight monsters.But all you get is a pathetic sword swipe animation.No appearance changes on gear, weapons, game is grindy as hell with a windows vista style ""DO YOU WANT TO DO THIS"" thing you have to click before crafting the 100 things you need to make more useless♥♥♥♥♥♥then you realize the game has no story, boring non-intuitive combat, and you uninstall.Skip this piece of rogue-not garbage."
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,299600,23996538,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rackak2010,You will do the same things over and over and over again.
,Recommended,299600,18864071,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,virgoprince,"Movement fills a little stiff when using a controller, combat is fun and you don't have to wait forever to get into combat which is also."
76561197982844462,Not Recommended,299600,18864635,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,brassi77,"There are no hotkeys and no way to rebind.  Think esc brings up the options menu?  Nope, have to click on the picture.  This is an extrememly bad tablet port with little to no thought towards civilized PC players.  Until they make this game civilized I cannot recommend it at any price."
76561198001773890,Recommended,299600,18886595,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Locke,The new and upcoming patches are very promising. Looking forward to the changes!
76561198124180065,Recommended,299600,26958236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ymirithe,appart from the fact that it have charming visual. it have a simple UI and easy gameplay. yet the story is original and interesting.i know very little roguelike/rpgmaker game that where as well made as this one.(okay i didnt play most of those that are older so my statement is open to interpretation)  but still. its better than versionfile and doom the roguelike
