user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,299740,32841584,Posted: 26 June,all,KENLOG,"Join gameGuy comes up with gunhandcuffs mebrings me aroundtries to sell me to people in exchange for gunsgets soldnew group lets me free,gives me gunI run off to find lootgo into housesee old master who sold meshoot him dead10/10 would enact revenge again"
,Recommended,299740,23652360,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,joshuabriscoe,"Hours played:9Current patch:#35Rating:8.5/10Initial Thoughts:Ok so, I stumbled upon this game whilst casually browsing YouTube, reception seemed welcome and I liked what I saw, decided to take the plunge and purchase it.I have played games like DayZ (Mod) and DayZ Standalone previously and quite honestly, Miscreated blows it out of the water, now I understand both are in Alpha builds but god damn, Miscreated just has me coming back for more each day!I decided to purchase this alongside my brother and there hasn't been a dull moment yet, from one-shotting mutants to hijacking a jeep and crashing into a tree and watching it glitch and fly at us whilst we were having a casual conversation and watching it go up in flames! Others players we've encountered along the way have been pretty friendly (we had shotguns xD).However, we've also come along other players who don't hestitate in taking your life, can't even get a ""hello"" in, which is fine, each to their own I suppose, loot is pretty plentiful, which is good because you tend to get really hungry/thirsty very quickly!Good PointsFunPlentiful lootFriendly(ish) playerbaseGood amount of mutants (but not too much!)Level of detail is amazingFPS (frames per second) seems to be pretty stable (even on Very high w/ AA)Bad PointsLack of vehicles (variation of model/skin)No form of storage (YET - Patch #36 should address this)Weight limit seems a bit ridiculous at times (40kg)Not much to do in terms of progression, would be nice to increase player statsPlaying alone can become quite tiresome (a friend would be beneficial)Notes:This is my first review so please be gentle.This review will be updated on the 19th of each month."
,Recommended,299740,32132277,Posted: 2 June,all,SoulReborn,After 500+ hours in game its time i review it .one of many many good memories sitting outside Haywood watching a pvp team pull in jumping into there pickup not only stealing there vechile but running them over with it aswell then going back to my shack i built .. later running into them and becomming good friends with them all .the game has many good points the dev team is still active and have a discord where they talk with the community quite alot yes there is its downsides i dont thinnk ive yet found that perfect game and dont hold my breath for ever finding the perfect game . in saying that this game has come a very long way ive played it since very early on and seen the progress it has made .would i reccomend this game that is a yes BUT... try make friends early on or get the 4pack and play with friends you know will enjoy playing this game with you it is much better playing with others than trying to lone wolf just an example from a PVE side of thing if you get killed by another player of monster no friends are there to try save you or avenge your death just some other player that will loot your body and walk away .. or a monster that will just let your gear and body despawn wile you try to mad dash back to get it all .many talk about the pvp aspect of the game and yes it is there but i played alot on pve servers and loved it if i felt like it i would then swap to a pvp server take 10mins loot up and go KOS any one i seen or get myself killed trying (this was ushaly ther case) but the game is fun none the less .limited and repeating the same thing over and over ????? what game are you playing yes i admit on the surface of the game there is the simple gather food build base gather food and drink build base / survive and gather food and drink again  hmmm try to venture out make frineds and see the adventures happin i lost count how many times we did something just because we could like taking a truck up to our car stunt track and seeing how many people we could jump or working out if a bus can jump and do a 360 roll in mid air (it can BTW) . having a server full of people chasing you because your not playing there song over voice chat wile running naked down the street that is just a few adventures i have myself been on .. after all that is done try camping with the hounds at your door in a tent singing around the fire drinking a nice beer found in the world of MISCREATED .after all of the good things i can say i would like to see more islands that we can visit after 500 hours i think ive played this single map to bits but it wont stop me comming back to see the constant updates and the progress the game has made and it has made it into my top 5 fave survival games to play and i hope it will be a game many more of you will enjoy playing as i have .
,Recommended,299740,28935651,Posted: 2 January,all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review 👌🏻 ┤Overall Score85/100Game Pros• Not DayZ but kinda DayZ• Basic whether/enviornment modifiers (Sun/Rain/lightning/thunder/Fog)• Advanced enviornment modifiers (Tornados)• Frequent updates• No hackers from what i've seen (Dupes have been spotted though)• Host your own server!• Playerbase has been good so far, not all KOS, but there's still a handful. Watch out!• Night/Day Cycle• Active developers (Replies to posts on the/r/miscreatedsubreddit)• Clans (Not much to them right now, but they're there!)• Water/Food/Health/Temp/Radiation/Oxygen meters• Perfectly working VOIP• in-Game chat• 98% of the buildings are enterable• Map is well sized for current build of the game. 64km total.• Caves and underground areas!• Majority of all buildings are furnished• Road signs to help you navigate. Map is easy to learn after playing for 5-10+ hours• Runs on CryEngine which makes gameplay very smooth and beautiful• Wide selection of clothing options• Base building (see game cons)• Balanced loot• Cities, towns, scattered houses, and neighborhoods• Good sized forests with rivers running through them• Driveable vehicles (Must be fixed using parts found in world)• Expandable Crafting system (Find guide books in world to learn more things to craft)• Inventory is clean and easy to navigate• You can whistle to locate your friends if you accidentally get lost (F11 by default)• Free look while walking/running• Players dont have a million health and can be killed in 1-3 hits (With bullets)• Loot can be hard to find, Not everyone will be running around with a gunGame Cons• Base building can be glitchy and difficult to do (Especially when it comes to making roofs, close to impossible unless you do it some♥♥♥♥♥backwards way). So if you are looking into buying it for the base building. I'd hold off.• Crops can not be grown, only source of food is cans of foot/things found around world. (Growing crops is to be in development though)• Some buildings are glitched causing dropped items to fall through the floor/despawn• Mutant/Zombies are currently dumb and are not much of a threat, mainly have to worry about players• Max server size is low at only 36 players• Fall damage can be unreasonable at times. 3-6ft can kill you if you slide down a hill. Be careful!• When alt tabbing or shift tabbing then popping back into the game you'll have a hard cursor but can be easily fixed by restarting the game. (Personally haven't had problem myself, but there have been reports)THIS IS ALL I CAN THINK OF RIGHT NOW FOR CONS. PLEASE INCLUDE OTHERS IN COMMENTS BELOWRelateable Games• DayZ• H1Z1• RustConclusionMiscreatedhas been on the market for some time now and I finally decided to try it out after looking at the store for a couple weeks. Considering it was in Alpha, i was hesitant, because I didn't want another DayZ/H1Z1. But to my surprise, it turned into my new favorite survival game. I've had A LOT of time playing DayZ, H1Z1, Rust, and other games alike, but miscreated takes home the cake. It's a great game to play solo or with friends. If you enjoy survival games and want your adrenaline pumping, this is the one for you.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Not Recommended,299740,28692609,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bubbles,"*note: If some sentences sound a bit strange, english is not my mother tongue, sorry in advance..^^Miscreated. For me personally, the hardest game ever to review, because this game has huge potential and my ingame hours might tell that I enjoyed this game a lot for some time. At some stage I was a dev-tester for Entrada and the base I built can still be seen on Miscreateds store page (second screenshot). For the last year or so I had a positive review up here and as much as I hate it, I feel like it doesn't do the game justice anymore. But still - if you're into these kind of games it might be worth the money for you, but prepare to be let down once you get deeper into this game.So I got this game pretty much just after its release late in 2014 and it was quite a rough start. Very small map, huge performance issues and not much to do. But right from the start this game and its devs were different. It looked pretty, the devs were (and still are) very active and patched this game frequently. They solved a lot of performance issues, added a lot of new content and kept talking to their quite small community.Sometime in 2015 they released a freebuild-basebuilding system that alows you to create very unique bases, as every part can (and has to) be placed and adjusted individually, so no snaping baseparts like in Rust, H1Z1 or pretty much every other game in this genre. I loved this basebuilding feature so much, that I spent about 70 hours to build a single base, which even made it into their store page screenshots. The system had it's issues, but I thought to myself ""hey, this is early access, it'll improve over time, just like other stuff they fixed before"".Then a lot of sales started, it felt like half of the time in early 2016 the game was on sale for 9,99€, which finally got the devs what they wanted and of course every game needs - a large playerbase. And from this point, it all went down pretty fast and and this game got ruined.It seemed and still seems like the majority of (young) players are only looking for one thing: Destroying the gaming experience you have and kill everything that moves. If you were not on a strictly PVE server, everyone in this community, which was back in the days so special and friendly, would just kill you on sight or betray you by pretending to be friendly and shoot you in the back. I know this is typical behaviour for a lot of people who play online, so why do I blame the devs for this?Because they encourage this behaviour in any way they can! The last couple of patches have just been filled with guns, grenades and other PVP stuff, even though this game has so many guns already and desperatly needs survival content, which just isn't there. There is literally NO challenge in surviving in Miscreated. Mutants are no threat as they are stupid, most of the time slower than you and usually don't appear in a group, supplies are a joke (in over 800 hours I wasn't close to starvation or dehydration once!) and there isn't anything to do when it comes to survival (sicknesses, temperature, personal character development etc.). Why should I hunt a deer, collect it's meat and build a campfire to cook it? There is food around everywhere, why bother? This is not a survival game, this is a giant deathmatch arena.Another example of how the developers encourage ""bad"" behaviour: To get into a base and destroy baseparts, you only need a melee weapon(!!), which you'll find in less than 2 minutes after spawning. You can only build wooden walls/gates and they are not strong at all. So even if a person needs to break down multiple walls to get to the storage box of someone else, it'll still be way faster to just do that and steal all of their stuff than actually going into the cities and scavange. So what's the solution 3 out of 4 players come up with to protect their stuff? They build floating bases. Cause once a base part is placed, you can remove the parts under it without the upper part falling down, so no gravity. By now about 85% of the bases on regular servers in Miscreated look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ because they are floating in mid-air or are abandoned because they've been looted and destroyed multiple times a day. Instead of fixing issues like that, basebuilding just sits in the game and is not focussed on at all.Half of my steam-friendlist contains people I met in Miscreated, mainly from the earlier days. So many good people, such great adventures we had. This is all over now, I talked to a lot of these players and most of them have the exact same opinion. I guess that the problem these devs will have to face is, that once people get bored of their endless deathmatch-rounds they will move on, whatever that means for Miscreateds playerbase. And please don't get me wrong, I like intense PvP fights, it's part of a survival game. But it's supposed to be just a part, not the entire game and all there is to do.When I was a dev-tester I was connected to the dev-team through skype and of course I won't tell anything out of these conversations. But I want to say one thing: Most of them seem like really friendly, down to earth people. But whenever I mentioned these problems I didn't get an answer or they just didn't agree, which I can not understand as these issues concern core elements of a survival game. Of course I accept their opinion, it's their game and if they want to go that path I wish them all the luck in the world and I really mean it.But my high hopes for an intense SURVIVAL game have turned into a huge disappointment from a plain deathmatch simulator with nothing but PVP elements."
,Recommended,299740,24896422,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BlazinDays,"so i started out a fresh spawn like every other pleb.i found a ton of gear, got pretty lucky, had a shotgun, two pistols with ammo, a sniper, hatchet, bunch of medical supplies. second largest backpack, combat gear. a sweeeet eyepatch.i found a quad, looked all over for parts, finally found everything i needed except two tires..another fresh spawn joined the game right behind where i was, he asked for a ride, graciously i gave him one.we tooled around for a bit looking for two front tires, i found one and we were able to go much faster.we arrived in a town called sultan, he said he found a .357 magnum, i already gave him a gun, just without ammo.. at this point we had been traveling together for about an hour, so i decided to trust him... i gave him some .357 ammo i had on me.we continued to search through sultan, i found an ultra rare collectable item.. a ""Garden Gnome"". i was so excited, so happy. felt like the sad desolate world that makes up miscreated was finally started to pull itself back together, all was well.we met back at the church where i parked the quad, i took the battery out so nobody could steal it, and he was waiting by it. i told him of my spectacular find, the ultra rare, ultra suave ""Garden Gnome"".he asked to see it, so i showed him. then quickly picked it back up. he asked if it stands up, i said i dont know, so i dropped it once more, as soon as it dropped, he pulled out a gun, tensions rose, he aimed.. took 3 shots, and down i went, like a tree without a stump.. like a giraffe that lost its balance..i was hurt, and dying. betrayed by my own apprentice, betrayed by a filthy disgraceful, despicable Gnome-stealer.i laid there as he looted my bleeding body, took my gnome first, then my guns and ammo, stripped me of my glorious eyepatch, now blood-stained. he took my backpack and car battery, put it in the quad, looked back one last time in the grief and horror of his actions, then looked down at the gnome with one tear in his eye..he wiped that tear, stuffed the gnome back in his new blood-stained backpack and pulled away on my old quad.I will find that Garden Gnome again, if its the last thing i do. Even if i have to pry it from my old friends cold, dead hands. Betrayal will fuel my search, revenge will find my Gnome.It is said the deepest circle of hell is reserved for mutineers, and Gnome betrayers."
,Recommended,299740,32739998,Posted: 24 June,all,tilr ツ,"Yesterday was my first experience with the game. This is how it went.I woke up on a road,  with some clothes and a flashlight. I saw a town up ahead and I start moving in. I find a baseball bat and drink some water out of a toilet. I get a change of clothes, and then I hear some guys outside. When I go to investigate, they have a group of 3 people. I ask if I can hang with them and they said sure.After a bit more gearing up, I had plenty of food and drink, and a .22 rifle with 4 shots. We started heading up the road, to a place that sounded almost mystical when they said ""Hayward"". Another guy joins our party and we start heading up the road. We reach some scaffolding near a bridge and start looting. We find some shotguns, some ammo, some food, and that one of our party members has died, either from falling or from starvation. Up until this point we were all communicating through ingame/direct chat, so we had no clue what happened to him. We soon join a Discord server together.We continue up the road and find Hayward and go in. The city itself looks absolutely stunning, something that looked like it belonged in The Last Of Us. We go into the underground parking garage, and it was so atmospheric and just. Everything was so cool down there. We leave and head towards some scaffolding next to the Police Station. We start making our way up when one of our remaining party members gets bear trapped and killed. Two to three men are upstairs, fully geared and with traps set all over the place. They slowly pick us off until we're all dead.Later, we're split up with new respawns. I'm at an airstrip with one of the group members, and they're very far inland. It's turning night and we start searching buildings. In the corner of an office building in one of the hangars is a fully geared guy. My friend immediately throws his hands up, but I take a revolver and shoot him. I take his gear and leave some for my friend, he must have been AFK or something. We start moving towards the rest of our group when we spot a flashlight in a military tent. I fire two rounds and see his body drop, then we go and loot him.Much, much later, we group up and meet another guy, who says he's got a boat and he'll take us to Hayward. We become quick friends with him and he takes us to Hayward. Another group member just got back though, so he will need to take another trip to get him. Once we're dropped off, we wait a bit until he tells us he was ambushed by 5 guys, fully geared. They killed him and took the boat, and he said they're heading towards us.We quickly take position. I'm station on top of a ridge with another group member maybe 100 feet ahead, and the other is on the shoreline hidden in the trees. We see the boat coming, wait for it to get in all of our sights, and start lighting it up. They veer off and try to get to the shore, but our group member was already there, and he finishes them off. They all died and we got their gear. Some more stuff happened afterwards, but it was much less interesting.That was my first day on the game. Do I recommend it? Yes of course. It's what DayZ wishes it could be.TL;DR we ambushed some guys who were in a boat and killed them as revenge for killing our friend. Get this game immediately."
76561198027522239,Recommended,299740,13248682,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Zagger,"Day 1:On my first day I spawned in for the first time in history, found a fully geared body next to me. Grabbed his gear and moved on.  Found another body with a cross... necklace... thing... I took it for good luck. After walking around for an hour trapped in the wilderness, checking out the graphics and immersity. I then stumbled upon a player, gave him a helmet and hammer. I never saw him again. I then found a bridge and found a fresh spawn, gave him gloves... Never saw him again. After continuious walking in circles in the wilderness I finally found civilisation. I looted the suberbs and found an empty gun. I then heard somebody in the house next to me. Curious, I stepped outside, and saw the dreaded Bushman waiting in the plants outside. I ran for my life, then circled into another house and found a clip of ammo. Confident I walked outside with my new weapon. Annnnd... the Bushman was waiting outside, he opened fire first, I returned fire.He had much more ammo, I eventually ran into a bush and waited for my demise.I then did not accept defeat, I rushed him with my hatchet.And then... I got capped in the head and fell over and died. Bushman will pay...Day 2:After dieing horribly, I respawned somewhere in the country side, I then saw a mutant.It killed me very easily. I then respawned yet again and actually did some looting in sultan. I was then attacked by a Mutant, died horribly. Yet another respawn, I started to loot yet again, I then was attacked by ANOTHER mutant. I barely survived. After I healed up I went outside, I was then in the middle of a gun fight between 2 people. The Bushman and a guy with pink pants. Bushman ran away, but pink pants opened fire on me. I ran for my life, having no firearm at the time I always had to keep running away from basically everything. I thought going into the mall to look for bandages was a good idea... I then saw 4 people all standing in the corner. I was killed instantly...Day 3:After yet again being mowed down by a storm of bullets, I looted various houses around the countryside. I was lucky to find a gun and 1 clip of ammo... Seems familiar. I then walked, and walkeduntill I reached a bridge.I saw someone in the distance...It was... BUSHMAN! We starred at eachother, waiting for somebody to fire the first shot. He eventually gave in and opened fire. I fired back. I was the better aim, I thought I had the advantage. I then saw movement to my right, he had friends, 2 of them to be exact. I fired my last clip of ammo into them, then began to run into the forest.Not surprsingly I bled out in the forest... Time to start again... I respawned yet again, and walked all the way back to Sultan. I was pretty sure I wouldn't get my gear back, I would die trying. After getting myself a hatchet and gear, it was getting dark. I had just finished scavenging a house, I walked outside into the night then 2 people walked right on up. I said hi, they said hi, then they bashed me on the head. I briefly replied by slamming my hatchet into his shoulder. I fought with them toe to toe, dodging attacks and swinging my hatchet at them. But I was outnumbered, They had more firepower than me. I ran towards a bridge, with them on my tail. I knew they would follow me to the end of the earth. That gave me an Idea, so I said to them: ""You know kids, it's been real fun but I ain't giving you the pleasure"". So I dove off the bridge myself, I died instantly, but atleast they wouldn't have the pleasure of killing and looting me. I then heard to splashes in the river... They were that dumb to jump into the river and cause their deaths... They weren't the sharpest knives in the drawer.Day 4:I respawn back near Sultan again, and begin to loot. I get some Green Camo gear and a hatchet then went afk inside the church for a bit. On my return I see a man with a Black Helmet, Black jacket, Black boots and gloves... With no pants. He seemed hesitant, he kept peeking through the door. Then he struck, he sliced me with his own Hatchet, I soon retaliated. We decided to take this outside, then the battle began. It was intense, I landed the most hits, and he was wounded. Then I turned around and saw another man in the same Uniform as the other, but with a gun. I'll take you both on! I fought and fought, blood stained the floor, and hatchet man was weak, he retreated behind the church and ran for his life. Gun guy was still trying to shoot me. But I closed in and kept on slicing him up. He was getting weak as well. He retreated to the front of the church. I followed.Just as I thought I had him, We both turned the corner and... There were... 8 other people... All with Black helmets, jackets and boots... All with no pants... And all had a gun pointed at my head. I then thought to myself at this exact moment: ""Well crap, it's Attack of the Clones all over again"". I realised the error in my ways and tried to run. Obviously you know I never make it out alive.I then respawned, l proceeded to look through various houses trying to find something to protect myself with. I then walked into a small house with only 2 floors. As I walked upstairs I saw some blood on the wall, there was a dead body slouched on the floor under the blood stains... Fully geared. The clone army must've gotten to him. I grabbed his gear and ran outside. I then saw another man, we looked at eachother briefly and he walked off towards the petrol station. I turn around and see some scouts from the clone army run towards me... Hurray... I hid in some bushes and they walked right past me... Hiding is so easy. The only problem is, I think they just killed that man I met. Hopefully they thought it was me Just when I think I'm safe I walk out of my bush, And get shot by the clone army...Day 5:I began to loot Sultan yet again... I got a gun, some military gear, and was punched to death by a man in yellow. I respawned and found 2 dead bodies on the road, each with guns. A man I passed earlier also saw this, grabbed a gun from a body and shot me twice. Unluckly for him, I had a weapon as well. 6 shots hit his stomach. He fell to his knees looking at me, dropped his gun, fell down and died. I then met a man and showed mercy on him, he'd wandered into the fight. I pormised I'd protect him and I did. I got him gear and weapons, we then decided to go our seperate ways. I then found a jungle camo shirt and was shot in the very same house where I lost my other Military Gear. I respawned yet again and found a dead body near a gas station. I took his loot and walked down to Sultan, then gunshots ran out and 2 bullets landed next to me... It came from... A bush... At that moment I knew who he was and what he wanted. It was Bushman. I ran back towards the gas station and hid. I waited for awhile then moved up to the road. I looked for every possible angle he could've shot me from. I turned my head and saw a man running up another road. Bushman... I followed him in hot pursuit. I followed him through the bushes to avoid detection. I went down a dirt road and saw a dead body, he was definitly here. I then followed him throughout the countryside. I heard his footsteps now and again but never saw him. He was a master of stealth. I followed him to the trailer park and heard him rummaging through a fridge, I ran over the that direction when I took a shot. He was here alright, and he knew I was following him. I lost his trail eventually and headed back to Sultan were I got myself a hatchet and better clothing. As I was looting one house I heard gunshots ring out. I ran outside to see Bushman chasing a man down. I followed, as I turned the corner I saw Bushman standing over the body of the man he was chasing. He'd killed him. I snuck up behind him and struck, brining my hatchet down into his neck. He turned around and tried to hit me with his hammer, but it was no use. He was weak after his previous fight. Just as I was about to stike him down... The server crashed, and he was gone."
76561198126136518,Not Recommended,299740,31863629,Posted: 20 May,all,2LV8ETR,"A good game, and a bad game all rolled into one.I think it basically depends on what you're into and what you expect out of a game. I like the concept of the game, and from what I've been told it's a lot better than other games of the same style. But, in saying that I have a few opinions.I have been playing it for a while now and it's becoming monotonous. Go somewhere, stock up a bit of food, go somewhere else, stock up on more food, go to another place, etc..... I'm running out of things to do.Playable area. The map is so small, with areas that are blocked off awaiting development. Yup, I know - it's early access, I'm not that stupid. But FFS, can you at least put some effort into developing the play area instead of wasting time on bringing in a new range of bike helmets? I need a bike helmet like I need a pair of Crocs.Recently you opened up the Hayward sewers. Yay, two kilometers of boredom. Places like this need to be rewarding and exciting, full of mutants and other nasties with rewarding items for your efforts. The bunkers are just as bad. Come on guys, get the map finished.The last update stated that a new area East of Hayward opened up..... It's about the size of a parking lot void of any real reason to go there.I also hope more maps will become available in the future, but giddyup guys - it's taking way too long. Focus on the map and not artistic flourishes. I know, ""It's still in alpha"".Building and crafting. I feel that the building side of things need a little polishing. If you devs have a personal hatred toward snap points, then that's fine - each to their own, but please give us a key to select whether we want them or not. I have lost count of the amount of times I've placed something, only to pull it down and attempt to re-place it several times before I was satisfied with its position.Why also can I not place an item on uneven terrain? An example would be a platform. Four posts, any of which could be buried in the ground upon placement or ""sawed off"" to suit the terrain. And if I were to place another right next to one, instead of it lining up to a flat surface the next one would end up much higher than the one originally placed. So if you were fortunate to be able to place say, four platforms it would somewhat resemble a BMX track with massive gaps between them. Good luck getting four sides of gap free walls on that mess.Storage. Oh storage. I understand that you want to grab a hold of our nuts and limit the amount of gear that we can posess to minimise the amount of alphas who could hold a monopoly on a server, but give us server owners the right to select an option for ourselves in the config file.Official servers are a different matter but we are paying a ridiculous amount of money to rent a server that we have no real say over what we can provide our players. I don't care about weather settings or the other inane and menial options, I want control over more important options.Vehicles. Why TF is a vehicle disappearing after 48 hours of no login? I want to be able to spend a weekend with my family or go on holiday for more than two days without coming back to a base with no transport as it de-spawned. And while I'm on the subject, why limit the amount of vehicles on the server?Those with vehicles are smiling with their toes tapping, while others who come in once the vehicles are claimed have no transport whatsoever. If those holding vehicles crash and burn, their chances of finding a replacement are slim to none. Give us more vehicles to locate, or does the reasoning behind this come down to the storage strangle debate.The main gripes I get are for lack of vehicles and storage, and these people stop playing the game altogether.PVP and PVE. I whitelisted my server as I had in the description no KOS or base raiding. Well, we had a bunch of !%@#s come in and start KOS and base raiding. It's impossible to scroll through and find the people responsible so I can place them on the ban list because the damage logs are ridiculously long.If I state no KOS or base raiding then I should be able to configure my server in that manner. Cast your mind back to the paragraph on storage about more options, I should be able to flag this for no player or structure damage. Some people enjoy playing PVP, others do not and when they work for months to build something up on a PVE server, only to lose it while they sleep, on holiday or are are work is unacceptable.Carrying dynamics. Okay, let me get this right. I can place two wheels in the pockets of my T-shirt, but I can't place 20 rounds of .357 in the same spot?I have a bus that will hold X amount of people (unsure of the capacity), but I can't place more than ten pieces of paper (guides) in the inventory of the bus, but I can carry ?20 people.Why can't a fully loaded backpack with, for example - ten cans of soda - be placed in the tray of a pickup? If I were to go camping I could place ten loaded backpacks, a tent, sleeping bags, and a whole bunch of other gear in the vehicle and have room to spare.Here it should again come down to the server configs of the renter, and again the storage strangle debate.Glitches. Too many to name but believe me whan I say they are numerous. Loot being half buried in whatever it's supposed to be sitting on (making half the loot next to impossible to find), mutants attacking and damaging through walls, vehicles flying into the air on a flat section of road, DC's, blank screens, black squares on screens where the rendering bugs out, Items dropped falling through the ground into a black hole of non-existance (dropping something for someone else to pick up is a hit and miss affair), falling under the terrain (My son was walking at the airfield and disappeared under the terrain, he literally swam to the ocean side under the land mass and popped up) the list goes on. Yeah, I know - ""It's still in alpha"".Servers. Here's the kicker. Why do you have such a monopoly on who can provide the server? i3D are the only providers at present who we can rent off, and at the price that's being charged for a server that we can't configure to suit our preferences is nothing short of robbery. Oh yeah, I can go and shove it if I don't like it, go play another game, I also understand that. But this is why there is so much talk about there being kickbacks for exclusivity.If I want to host this game on a personal server I can't, if I want to play this game by myself on my PC lone wolf style I can't, nor can I shop around for a better deal to save a bit of money on a game that just doesn't quite hit the mark at the present moment in time.In conclusion, I like the game but I see it heading in a uncertain direction at the moment, and that's what's holding me back. I want to say it's a good game to play but the statements above lend weight to the descision that I've made that I will see the rental of the server until the next payment is due, then it's game over. I have seen many servers disappear over the time I've played which prompted me to rent one, but I understand why people give up and stop paying.I could just join the masses and play on another server but, will I be fortunate enough to find a vehicle? Will some griefer rob my base or KOS on a PVE server while I sleep? Will that server give up as a bad investment, just as I will be doing? Too many unanswerable questions that make me say that it's not worth playing the game.I was originally going to go to the official site and create a thread outlining everything above, but the moderators were slamming everyone with an opinion, banning people for an opinion, and defending the ""It's still in alpha"" statement. So here I am with a personal opinion at the point of sale of the game without fear of said opinion being banned.I get it - ""It's still in alpha"", but the direction and the lack of communication is just not apparent nor satifactory to me at this point in time.Let the hate begin..."
,Recommended,299740,32520068,Posted: 17 June,all,phantom_,Miscreated is the best multiplayer zombie survival game in Steam.As a former DayZ player I can say that Miscreated exceeds in everything DayZ falls short.The developers communicate with the fan base and are fast to deploy improvements. The game is constantly and visibly getting better and closer to beta.My favorite multiplayer of all time ❤️
,Recommended,299740,21288946,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Skinjob,"How is this Mixed when DayZ is Positive?How could that even be possible?More features than DayZ, runs smoother than DayZ, plays better than DayZ. I assume the early reviews are from initial release or something, because this is a solid game.EDIT: Game is now Positive. I'd say I told you so, but you already know!"
,Recommended,299740,20643633,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Addfuture,"DON'T AVOID THIS GAME JUST BECAUSE OF THEMIXEDUSER REVIEWS LIKE I DID AT FIRST.MOST OF THESE REVIEWS WERE MADE WHEN THE GAME WAS INCREDIBLY YOUNG AND DON'T REFLECT THE QUALITY OF THE GAME CURRENTLY AS IT HAS MAJORLY IMPROVED SINCE.I have never reviewed a game before on steam but this game truly deserves it.Why I love this game:Absolutely gorgeous graphics.Big updates EVERY month.Amazing base building.Amazing community.Incredibly friendly playes on the servers.Brilliant looting system.Huge map (and is going to be even bigger in future)The Devs actually engage in the community and listen to feedback and help any issues you are having.Incredibly atmospheric.Genuinely scary sometimes (especially at night).The crafting system is fantastic.So many items already in the game.Even though it is early access there are very few bugs.So many more features planned.INSANELY realistic.Such a blast to play.Hundreds of secrets to discover, from caves to hidden messages.Truly unlike any other open world survival game out there.There are more things to add but I simply cant think of all of them right now :PThere are of course negatives, as with any game, however most of the very few negatives I have with this game the Devs are already planning on adding (e.t.c. Storage)This is honestly one of my favourite games of all time and I cant wait for this game to be fully released.Just buy it. You wont regret it.9.5/10"
76561198145389405,Not Recommended,299740,32690380,Posted: 23 June,all,Codeine,"A good game, and a bad game.credit from my old man 2LV8ETR its spot onI think it basically depends on what you're into and what you expect out of a game. I like the concept of the game, and from what I've been told it's a lot better than other games of the same style. But, in saying that I have a few opinions.I have been playing it for a while now and it's becoming monotonous. Go somewhere, stock up a bit of food, go somewhere else, stock up on more food, go to another place, etc..... I'm running out of things to do.Playable area. The map is so small, with areas that are blocked off awaiting development. Yup, I know - it's early access, I'm not that stupid. But FFS, can you at least put some effort into developing the play area instead of wasting time on bringing in a new range of bike helmets? I need a bike helmet like I need a pair of Crocs.Recently you opened up the Hayward sewers. Yay, two kilometers of boredom. Places like this need to be rewarding and exciting, full of mutants and other nasties with rewarding items for your efforts. The bunkers are just as bad. Come on guys, get the map finished.The last update stated that a new area East of Hayward opened up..... It's about the size of a parking lot void of any real reason to go there.I also hope more maps will become available in the future, but giddyup guys - it's taking way too long. Focus on the map and not artistic flourishes. I know, ""It's still in alpha"".Building and crafting. I feel that the building side of things need a little polishing. If you devs have a personal hatred toward snap points, then that's fine - each to their own, but please give us a key to select whether we want them or not. I have lost count of the amount of times I've placed something, only to pull it down and attempt to re-place it several times before I was satisfied with its position.Why also can I not place an item on uneven terrain? An example would be a platform. Four posts, any of which could be buried in the ground upon placement or ""sawed off"" to suit the terrain. And if I were to place another right next to one, instead of it lining up to a flat surface the next one would end up much higher than the one originally placed. So if you were fortunate to be able to place say, four platforms it would somewhat resemble a BMX track with massive gaps between them. Good luck getting four sides of gap free walls on that mess.Storage. Oh storage. I understand that you want to grab a hold of our nuts and limit the amount of gear that we can posess to minimise the amount of alphas who could hold a monopoly on a server, but give us server owners the right to select an option for ourselves in the config file.Official servers are a different matter but we are paying a ridiculous amount of money to rent a server that we have no real say over what we can provide our players. I don't care about weather settings or the other inane and menial options, I want control over more important options.Vehicles. Why TF is a vehicle disappearing after 48 hours of no login? I want to be able to spend a weekend with my family or go on holiday for more than two days without coming back to a base with no transport as it de-spawned. And while I'm on the subject, why limit the amount of vehicles on the server?Those with vehicles are smiling with their toes tapping, while others who come in once the vehicles are claimed have no transport whatsoever. If those holding vehicles crash and burn, their chances of finding a replacement are slim to none. Give us more vehicles to locate, or does the reasoning behind this come down to the storage strangle debate.The main gripes I get are for lack of vehicles and storage, and these people stop playing the game altogether.PVP and PVE. I whitelisted my server as I had in the description no KOS or base raiding. Well, we had a bunch of !%@#s come in and start KOS and base raiding. It's impossible to scroll through and find the people responsible so I can place them on the ban list because the damage logs are ridiculously long.If I state no KOS or base raiding then I should be able to configure my server in that manner. Cast your mind back to the paragraph on storage about more options, I should be able to flag this for no player or structure damage. Some people enjoy playing PVP, others do not and when they work for months to build something up on a PVE server, only to lose it while they sleep, on holiday or are are work is unacceptable.Carrying dynamics. Okay, let me get this right. I can place two wheels in the pockets of my T-shirt, but I can't place 20 rounds of .357 in the same spot?I have a bus that will hold X amount of people (unsure of the capacity), but I can't place more than ten pieces of paper (guides) in the inventory of the bus, but I can carry ?20 people.Why can't a fully loaded backpack with, for example - ten cans of soda - be placed in the tray of a pickup? If I were to go camping I could place ten loaded backpacks, a tent, sleeping bags, and a whole bunch of other gear in the vehicle and have room to spare.Here it should again come down to the server configs of the renter, and again the storage strangle debate.Glitches. Too many to name but believe me whan I say they are numerous. Loot being half buried in whatever it's supposed to be sitting on (making half the loot next to impossible to find), mutants attacking and damaging through walls, vehicles flying into the air on a flat section of road, DC's, blank screens, black squares on screens where the rendering bugs out, Items dropped falling through the ground into a black hole of non-existance (dropping something for someone else to pick up is a hit and miss affair), falling under the terrain (My son was walking at the airfield and disappeared under the terrain, he literally swam to the ocean side under the land mass and popped up) the list goes on. Yeah, I know - ""It's still in alpha"".Servers. Here's the kicker. Why do you have such a monopoly on who can provide the server? i3D are the only providers at present who we can rent off, and at the price that's being charged for a server that we can't configure to suit our preferences is nothing short of robbery. Oh yeah, I can go and shove it if I don't like it, go play another game, I also understand that. But this is why there is so much talk about there being kickbacks for exclusivity.If I want to host this game on a personal server I can't, if I want to play this game by myself on my PC lone wolf style I can't, nor can I shop around for a better deal to save a bit of money on a game that just doesn't quite hit the mark at the present moment in time.In conclusion, I like the game but I see it heading in a uncertain direction at the moment, and that's what's holding me back. I want to say it's a good game to play but the statements above lend weight to the descision that I've made that I will see the rental of the server until the next payment is due, then it's game over. I have seen many servers disappear over the time I've played which prompted me to rent one, but I understand why people give up and stop paying.I could just join the masses and play on another server but, will I be fortunate enough to find a vehicle? Will some griefer rob my base or KOS on a PVE server while I sleep? Will that server give up as a bad investment, just as I will be doing? Too many unanswerable questions that make me say that it's not worth playing the game.I was originally going to go to the official site and create a thread outlining everything above, but the moderators were slamming everyone with an opinion, banning people for an opinion, and defending the ""It's still in alpha"" statement. So here I am with a personal opinion at the point of sale of the game without fear of said opinion being banned.I get it - ""It's still in alpha"", but the direction and the lack of communication is just not apparent nor satifactory to me at this point in time.Let the hate begin..."
,Recommended,299740,14966209,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Neuba_V2,"Its early Access, so I dont value the features availlable/not yet availlable.I just want to point out the following:DayZ devs needed two years to implement Trucks - they are quite buggy, laggy and annoying as ♥♥♥♥.H1Z1 introduced some buildable furnaces, people used them to block entrances (required to delete hive data and start from beginning)Miscreated Dev Team is much smaller compared to the other two giants but: They develope it with concept. Doors are buggy/take a  away too much performance? They removed them, fixed them, introduced them with the next update. They introduced cars as well. Within less time (than dayz) they did some reall stable vehicles in this early access version.The servers are small, and only a few are playing atm, and there is not much to do yet.  I hope this will grow. Because I trust more in these guys here."
,Recommended,299740,18281934,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Salem,"I'll be blunt. I wanted DayZ, I played almost 500 hours of DayZ before I realized it would never get over 20fps it cities. It would never work. It will never see stable release, and it will never be a working/good game. Fanboys are what is keeping it alive. So I was doing random stuff and I saw this game a few months back, and compared to DayZ, HOLY CRAP YESSSS. Max fps in cities with no drops? Check.Guns work? Check.Loot works? Check.Vehicles? Check.No character Desync and a working voice system? Check Check.And unlike DayZ, the implementation of a new hat doesn't break the servers!It's a working DayZ. That's basically all I needed. I EVEN MET PLAYERS THAT DIDN'T KoS ME BECAUSE NO ONE IS PLAYING WARSIM HERE.Animations are better, everything is better. Everything -works- like it should. Just need more items, but that's coming I'm sure.And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this update changed everything. It's like playing a whole new, even better game. THAT LIGHTING THO.Miscreated, Y U NO ANNOUNCE THIS GAME TO THE WORLD BETTER SO EVERYONE KNOWS?"
76561198039769040,Recommended,299740,31167846,Posted: 15 April,all,xBIGMANNx,The bad reviews complaining about this game are hilarious to me. All I read is :I can't find loot- There is loot everywhere from right in front of your face to little crevices.I have to use a flashlight- Yeah dummy its pitch black with no lights on.. You need a flashlightI keep getting pvp'ed - Yup youre playing a game that has people running around the map looking for guns to shoot you with. You're gonna get shot at.The controls suck- The  controls are actually pretty good with very few exceptions.These are complaints that point to either not taking time to learn the game or they just plain suck at a game like this.I understand that it's frustrating to collect for hours to be killed and lose it all but THAT is what this game CAN be. Don't run around willy nilly and get shot. Sneak around and be more careful. The bad reviews this game gets are mosly complaints about their own abilities rather than the games problems themselves.I would recommend this game highly to anyone that enjoys these types of games.. It's by far the best in this genre.
,Recommended,299740,29574051,Posted: 29 January,all,Galaxy,"First time into the game, looted around 10min, invetory full of soda, met a ""friendly guy"" that needed a drink, helped the fellow folk, got duct taped by his friend from behind, went to a bridge where they gave me the choice to jump off or get shot.I chose to jump,They shot me anyways.10/10"
76561198046235494,Recommended,299740,30243889,Posted: 28 February,all,Iron Patron,"My first hour of gameplay:Spawned close to a country house.Looted every house in the near vicinity.Found an axe to chop mutants heads off.Found a bike at one of the houses.Continued on the road into a town called Sultan.Was looting houses when I hear footsteps outside.""Put your hands up and keep them up"" he said.I threw my axe on the ground so I wouldn't get killed.Turns out the guy was nice.We team up.We find him a bike. We are now in a biker gang.We scavenge Sultan until nothing is left. We continue on to next town.In the next town, I find shotgun and pistol.We decide to go on our separate ways. We say goodbye.I keep scavenging for 10 more minutes.I hear gunshots close to me. It's my friend so I go towards him.I get there in time to see him getting shot to death by random guy.I turn the other way without hesitation.10/10 would watch my friend die again"
,Not Recommended,299740,25457821,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Beefyrulz,"Got randomly game-banned for no reason.Spent 3 weeks trying to contact developers by various means, devs refuse to respond, yet are still active on forums, sites, and other social media.No, I did not cheat, and no, I did not receive this ban 'fair and square', at least not that I'm aware of.No information on ban whatsoever available in-game or through steam.Ruined my otherwise upstanding status on steam.Currently going through Steam Support to resolve this issue.Thanks Entrada Interactive..."
,Recommended,299740,33548205,Posted: 14 July,all,Derponinhao-kun,"Join gameWake up on streetRun around lootingRandomly hear whistling and ""colder, colder"" when I run away from itLook for a random player for 5 minutesAlmost give up before he comes behind me and says:"" You're no good in hide & seek""Random person starts running awayFollow himBefriend himHe says that there is no ""we""Minute later he asks:"" Shall we go?""ConfusedFollow him aroundGot stopped by an armed manDemands me to take my pants awayOther one handcuffs meBandit yells to my friend:"" Take this gun and shoot him!""He hesitates for a minuteThen hear the BAM and all goes blackThis game gave me trust issues"
,Recommended,299740,28313026,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,common˚science,"i'm going to share with you something i experienced in this game, which makes me think that this is going to be a good game in the future.> i spawn, and it's night time> i make my way to an airfield to find some loot. needed a gun and a backpack mostly.> found a colt .45 and a backpack, along with food, bandages, etc.> i'm set. i start my journey towards the cities.> on my way, i see flashlights in a house, 2 randoms.> meet a french guy, tells me he's new at this, so we start walking together.> he sees a bright light coming from a tower, so we decide to go there check it out.> on route, we see a lot of light coming from the trees across the river, we get curious, so we make our way there.> we silently make our way towards the light, to find out it is a man made base.> as i sneak towards the base, i lose my new friend in the dark.. that's fine, he's a bambi, can't babysit him.> i find out there are 3 players with high loot building their base in an abandoned outdoor cinema> so i wait. wait to see what kind of players there are.> all of a sudden i see my bambi friend running towards the base, i continue watching.> BANG, he dies.> these aren't friendlies.> it seemed they were patrolling the area making sure nobody was around, i was around. like a ghost in the forest.> one of the bandits makes his way towards the entrance, making him helpless as his teammates are fixing their walls 200 yards away.> i pull out my trusted colt, aim at his damn head, and pop.> the bandits go into alert mode, get into their car, and come booming out towards the entrance.> i make my way backwards behind more trees and i wait.> i'm invisible in the dark, they cannot find me, they keep looking.> then the bandits exit their car to investigate further> and right in that moment, i spot a lone survivor who runs straight for the car.> gets in, bandits start yelling, ""GET OUT OF THE DAMN CAR!"", they were brits.> the lonewolf drives away, running over one of the bandits, and as he drives off with a fully functional car, he says, ""thanks for the car mate"".> and all this, and they had no idea where i was. but i was right next to them, like a ghost.experiences like that are what make me crave these kinds of games. i hope this game remains good, unlike dayz or rust, which in my opinion, when it started, were amazing., but now, it's trash.this game is running well, looks good, feels good."
76561198074034711,Recommended,299740,18459040,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Valtronas,"All the bad reviews I've read are talking about how under populated the game is or that there aren't as many mutant npc around. I say it’s for the best. I think it creates a very real survival feel, I also don't feel as safe when I'm wandering at night because someone could come shoot me if they wanted my stuff.To me it feels like real survival game. you wouldn't run in to people like every 5 min in real life situation like this, and npc enemies wouldn't be just everywhere either. This game has great potential. I would love to see it get popular. The thing that bugs me is people are giving it crap reviews when it’s not at all a crap game. They see no others and say no thanks and it’s going to make it less popular given the mixed reviews. So if you are reading this buy it if you realize its early access. There are 12 passionate devs at work here to make the game the best it can be, don't give it ♥♥♥♥ reviews while they still building it.EDIT:My god this game is fricken amazing, the devs are awesome too, I went and watched the stream and was able to actually chat with them and ask questions as to why glitches occur and how often they update, they told me they have a lot of stuff coming out! Exciting stuff.So gameplay wise I am on three servers, US 77, 76, 75. All different experiences I must say. Here’s what’s up:75: I was wandering and saw a stripped down truck (they are brighter than other abandoned cars and can access their inventory to build again) so okay I start to go look for parts for it and I find a few, as I’m wandering down the middle of the road like a dumbass I look to my left as I see some movement and there is two guys dressed in all black with rifles pointed at me in the bushes....MOTHER OF GOD. Thankfully they didn’t want anything to do with me and slowly kept their guns on me and walked away while doing so. After that met another player who was fresh spawn and told him about my car, risky stuff because he could have murdered me and took it when I showed him where it was. We start scavenging parts together and come across another newbie while doing so and he has one the parts we need, he joins...awesome three can easy be super safe in a world of survival. We get all the pieces together and are driving the truck around its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. We come across another player and ask him if he wants to join he is a little hesitant but hops on the back of the truck, then we met another guy and he joined. So I’m rolling around the map with a badass truck and a team of 5 people and we own it. Server did crash and we lost some progress but hey its alpha and those 5 hours were ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.76: Play on this server with on buddy, we’ve been to all four towns twice looking for cars as we both had been carrying max weight of parts for it and we were all set up. Two days of looking and we run into some other people....of course they say they don’t want trouble and that they are friendly, they run down the street while we start raiding a grocery store. My buddy tells me that he hears footsteps, these mofos came back and are trying to murder us while we not paying attention. We get into a 15 minute fire and melee battle with these guys, I go down first and my friend kills another but then he dies. We start all over. = real survival game...I aint even mad.77: I play solo and record video on this server. Spawn next to river....four people on a boat show up and say they friendly and that they will give me ride to town, I take risk and hop in...BOOM HEADSHOT I die. Respawn and start looting houses turn around and there’s a geared up guy looking straight at me in the hallway. ♥♥♥♥ My pants. He’s nice and gives me a bat with nails and some food. Helps me find more gear and we kill some mutants together. He tells me we going to just stick together and anyone else we will murder and rob....sounds okay I’ve had my fair share of being nice. We walking about and then there is another guy down the street who is mega hesitant to come to us we meet him in middle of street and my new partner is like ""we just want to kill zombies and survive we don’t rob people"" guys is like sweet first nice people I’ve met. My buddy starts punching him and then I guess us robbing this guy so I chase him with my bat. Enemy pulls out a revolver and two shots me...respawn stay 100% solo and started robbing people with a .22 rifle with no ammo (but they don’t know that hehe).Needless to say this game is intense, feels real, buy it, if you don’t like it in 2 hours return it. But don’t give it crappy reviews while it’s in alpha. I doubt it will stop these passionate devs but they deserve all the positivity in the world.If you aren’t convinced yet and need video proof I do make YouTube videos of my adventures with friends in Miscreated. There are a lot of videos in the series, feel free to check it out :)https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_uJGecF97sNUrgY6psHpNJ4Z9mJhN2mZ"
,Recommended,299740,13113984,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,meepeY,"[EDIT1 at the bottom]To sum this game up in a single word, I would choose ""Potential"".To be 100% truthful, it's not worth the pricetag... Yet.The game has the potential to be somthing spectacular. With over 500 Hours wasted playing ""Nether"", to see it die to hackers, glitches, bugs, a lazy dev team and exploters was something saddening. Miscreated has reignited the spark which I previously had for Nether.The game, for starters, is stunning. The engine used gives us a large, expansive open world (ish, they've cut the size down for  Alpha testing), filled with beatuiful landscapes and detailed cities. One thing which grabbed me is that in the video I watched, I saw houses filled with furniture. Not empty, bland, blank rooms. You actually have to look for things. Items don't just jump out at you... Whilst at the moment, finding food and water is super easy. I'm not a fan of that. Loot does seem to come easy as long as you have your eye out for it.Guns and Weapons. They're limited in varaity but not in quantity... Unfortunately. But with it being in such an early Alpha, the fact that there is only 1 Gun and a small handfull of melee weapons kind of sucks. From what I've been reading is that there are plenty on the way. So far the gun play feels smooth and fluid. It CAN at times feel clunky. It depends on how you're playing.First and Third person. No no no no no no noooooooooooo... If they get rid of Third person then the game would be fantastic. At the moment, Third person is a little buggy. The camera doesn't exactly follow you well and it doesn't provide you with the view you may want at the time. Indoors the Third Person camera just ♥♥♥♥♥ itself and cowers up closer to the back of your head, making it difficult to see.Character models are sketchy at best. They may just be basic place holders but holy crap. The mutant does look very... Out dated. But it's alpha. Lots of changes can happen very suddenly.The mutants themselves have very clunky AI. They run at you, lunge with their arms then just run into you. As long as you just AFK wheel backwards, they will NEVER swing for you. You just bash their heads with a hammer or something 5 or 6 times and they die... Not exactly scary or intense... Alpha be alpha.Providing the devs add reasonable items and changes then it should smooth out fine. In a matter of months I see this game looking in a stable spot to start bringing in a larger fan base.If the devs start adding lots of useless things (Like Nether did), without fixing existing errors (Like Nether did), then the game will die. Very fast.I do believe also that people have been troubled when trying to join servers. I have NOT*** experienced any of these problems. Some bloke who shot me in-game told me the servers were fixed. I dunno, i've not had those problems.I recommend you buy the game and play one session. If you don't like it, come back to it after the new year. If you do like it, then keep your eye on the updates (which the devs roll out every week or so).I will update this every now and then, after big updates.[EDIT1] So after playing some more, it crossed my mind that the game is lacking a player-list. Even if it's something simple like ""There are 10 Survivors on this server"". I joined a low-pop (1 other player) to stream some gameplay to a friend when suddenly it became the high-pop.Also, reloading. You have to go into your inventory and swap out the mag. In the heat of the moment going from bang-bang-bang to click-click-click makes my heart drop. It would be great even as a QoL change to add some form of reloading. It could load the magazine with the most amount of ammo in.Something like that.The devs have releaed a long statement today which only brightens the promise this game has. A new rifle, shotgun and more melee weapons. Fantastic. This game right now is headed in the right direction. If the devs ever read this review, then hats off to you guys. 2 Years in the making and you can really see how well their hardwork has paid off.The bugs i have found so far are as follows:- Third Person screws up in closed areas- Some form of unknown action stops you from being able to switch weapons (I think it's swimming)- Some loot underneath small tables spawns out of reach (RIP 30+ Round Magazine for my Pistol)- Some houses are completely empty and have texture glitches (Could just be unfinished houses, not a big deal)- Sometimes when joining a server, you get kicked back to the lobby screen. ***I stated above that I haven't had these problems, but recently it's happened to me once or twice.I haven't come across anything else other than those... Pretty damn good for an early access.Keep up the good work."
76561198121057232,Recommended,299740,21311230,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,A(E)Hopsin101,"I appreciate all the hard work the Devs have been putting into the game. I cannot wait for the new item system and storage. As of right now this game is def worth a buy but please be aware that right now the game is mostly just exploring and PVP.The first 50 hours or so, will be exploring the wonderful, pretty, immersive world that the Devs have created. After that, all you will be doing is walking the map ( or camping a certain spot of the map which is weak, but w/e) for people to shoot. Trust me, I have over 1k hours in the game, and I have been PVPing like crazy. One thing that blows me away in this game is the water Physics. When you shoot the water, you can see it tread, and you can see the bullet wiz through the water. Amazing Yoo.As of right now, I have been laying low on Miscreated playing other survival games just waiting for the new content and storage system. I know for certain once they add storage, Miscreated will once again be my main and favorite game.One thing people need to be aware of is that the game does take a lot to run. It is made off the Crytek engine which is obviously very graphic intensive and harsh on your PC. I mean my GPU which is a 770 OC gets up to 80 C on this game. I can run the game on low settings with 60 FPS (with Frame Drops in towns). Also this game is not very optimized with AMD cards. It will work, but you wont get the best experience out of it.Anyways like I mentioned earlier in my review, I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes open world survival PVP games. This game feels like a much much, much more polished up DayZ in almost every way. Just buy it Yoo and support the wonderful, active Devs. This game is going to go a loooong way.Update: Still really enjoying this game with friends. Been waiting for the next patch. The only thing that is holding the game back right now is the various crashing. Very frusterating. Really hope this is addressed in the next patch. Biggest flaw of the game Imo. Looking forward to the future progress of the game :DUpdate: (7/2/16) Patch #36 has arrived with a bunch of new content and gameplay. With this patch released now, the game is blowing up. This means, all the servers are completely full. So far I am really enjoying this patch. Players can now finally store items they scavenge around the world. Although this patch was nearly perfect, it also introduced a major gameplay flaw. At this moment, Melee has recieved a major buff. This basically means, that players can now completely dominate in PVP with various melee weps. In addition, Headshots seem to be turned off right now. I am not sure if this is intended by the Devs, or just a bug. These 2 major flaws have affected PVP greatly, but I have faith the Devs will hopefully reconize the issues and fix them. With that being said let me talk about the big new city.The big new city that was added in the recent patch is outstanding. I mean, it is done very well. I have played loads of survival games out there, and the main city in Miscreated is probably one of the best that I have seen. There is just so much to it and the devs will be unlocking more of it in the near future. The only thing that bothers me is that the city just feel way to big for the player cap on the server. Currently it's 36 slots per server, but I believe the Devs are looking to expand on this sometine in the future. Overall, even though the PVP has taken a big hit this patch, I still am going to reccomend picking this game up. I honestly feel, if the Devs keep this dedication up for the game, Miscreated might be the very few of the genre to move on out of Alpha stage of development.Now wouldn't that be amazing.+1"
76561198101037029,Recommended,299740,17136788,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,danger_dolan,"this is a game i would realy recommend to gamers who are looking for a fun survival game with friends.pros+-nice grapichs and stunning areas-smooth multiplayer-almost no kill on sight-the loot system works fine-you can poop flares 10/10cons--this game still has a lot of work to do, in my opinion ist kinda small (compered to dayz)-some small bugs, but you barely notice them.from my experience with this game i can tell : its fun ;)-dolan"
,Recommended,299740,24269973,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,wezz,"MiscreatedThere are tons of survival games out there, in the market. You can't make up your mind around them. You know what you want, but all of them has some flaws and most of them are in Early Access (some of them have been for ages) or just doesn't fit you right. Hope this review helps you to choose.Some of you might know a certain game called ""Infestation: Survival Stories (a.k.a. WarZ)"", Me and my friends have been playing that game 7/24 back then. But the game has been abandoned for a long time, it was infested with hackers and in-game bugs, developers left the game and it's community to rot etc. You get the picture... Since then, we've been looking for a game like that. I've tried, DayZ and Rust before i find this beautiful game. DayZ was really complicated and wasn't really what i was looking for. About Rust, well, couldn't get used to it and didn't really met my expectations either.So i've finally find Miscreated. The moment i launched the game, i knew that was it! I knew that's what me and my friends been looking for. I told them to buy it immediately (it was also on %50 sale, a week before this review).Until they start, i've just explored and learned about the basics. Met some people in game, looted the towns and cities. It was good fun. But it even got better when my friends joined in. As you can expect from a post-apocalyptic survival game, they're way more fun with friends.Miscreated is an Open World, Survival game. You need to get food, drink and shelter in order to survive. There is also crafting system in the game, which means you'll need to build your own shelter. It'll be tense, scary, rewarding and sometimes funny and i promies that you'll get what you expect from a survival game.There are mutants in the game, instead of zombies, do not expect hordes of them though. It's like maximum 5-8 mutants in a city most of the time, sometimes none. The real challenge will be your communication skills with the other players in this game.Let's hit Pros & Cons:Pros:Decent GraphicsMature CommunityFilled ServersAmazing EnvironmentEasy and Smooth Vehicle ControlsSolid Crafting SystemBase BuildingActive Developers (Streaming & Interacting with the Community)and more...Cons:Weak Graphics OptimizationLack Of Allowed StoragesRearely, Items Disappear On Drop  (when you try to give something to someone)No In-game Map That Shows Your Location (There are maps in the game, but not really that helpfull)Since it's still in Early Access, i can understand those flaws, but it's getting better with each update, and the developers are really active. So i have my hopes up about that it can get even better. If you're looking for a full post-apocalyptic survival experience, get it without having second thoughts. I'd even recommend it for it's full price. It's a beautiful game getting better each day.Thank you, for reading my review aboutMiscreated. Hope it was helpful and you decided to get the game. Have a nice day. :)"
76561198027347390,Recommended,299740,15059519,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Blueworld9,"Updated Review Aug '15Five months and 270+ hours later if you are interested in a civilian survival game with drivable vehicles,buildable (sic) bases and BEAUTIFUL graphics then this games is a must buy in my opinion. I won't say it's BETTER than DayZ ,H1Z1,Rust or the myriad survival games out there, but it is the game I keep coming back to and am still having fun playing.Original Review Apr '15I'm a big fan of Miscreated and would recommend it even at this early stage of development. I've played and still play DayZ and played and had refunded H1Z1. I even log into Rust every now and again just to, you know, see what craziness is unfolding.What attracted me to Miscreated and I think it's biggest draw is the environment, it's beautiful in the truest sense of the word.  Obviously a game isn't and shouldn't just be about graphics, but in helping with immersion in a post apocalyptic world a rich full environment really helps with the game play. The towns feel overgrown like nature is reclaiming them, everything as a weight and substance about it. It's difficult to describe until you play it.Caveats :It is most definitely an early access game (isn't everything these days). It's not perfect and the developers need to keep up the momentum of development to draw in new players and keep the old players interested and what I've seen they are giving it a good go live streaming, providing regular patches and updating the community. They'll be the first to admit they've had issues most recently network problems and I bought it as these problems were being solved as I saw the developers engaging and informing the community of their progress not just going silent.Conclusion :This isn't just a DayZ / H1Z1 clone and  I think it deserves to be played by more people. I can't think of anywhere I'd rather spend my post apocalyptic time."
76561198092444616,Not Recommended,299740,25355782,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dinguin Farster®,"Miscreated can be fun and suspenseful when dealing with other human players since mutants or nature are not significant sources of danger in the game. The environemnts look great and weather effects like rain add beautiful details to the scenery. The game however, is very unstable and often, freezes, crashed and kicks you out of the server (or out of the game) out of the blue. I would recomend waiting until the game is stabilized and better enemies/ai is implemented before playing the game. It has potential but isnt quite there yet.Update: 8 months after i reviewed the game, it is still unstable, bugged and constrantly creashes."
76561198133353104,Recommended,299740,23932989,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,stefanwhy,"Here is my story first time i played this game :> Respawn in the middle nowhere> go to the one house in the forest, apparently a big house with a garage> found a Pickup truck on that garage with no spareparts and Gas> Some guy (stranger) come to me and say hi> He was so nice, like a friend of mine> We decide to loot together trying to find the parts for the pickup truck> We met a mutants and fight together, help each other, share jokes, etc> after 1 hours playing we finaly found Gas, Sparkplugs, Battery, Oil for the pickup truck> we head back to the house and we found a bike (just one bike he rode it, i walked)> and then we arrived at that one house and carry the truck together> we decided to go to the city, and we stop in the sultan like house property to get some stuff and gas> after 30 minutes we looted, then came 3 guys with full gear and full weapon talked to us.> we have nothing even guns, so my friends told the 3 guys to join us in the truck> and the truck is just for 4 People in it, he talked to the 3 guys ""I don't know him, i don't even know his name""> the 3 guys shot me right in the head> IM SHOCKED, THAT WAS THE THRILLER DRAMA EVER IN MY ENTIRE SURVIVAL GAMESnote for that one american friend : ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, YOU ARE THE FAKEST GUY I EVER MET.This game is amazing, but it needs to expand the players population make it massive multiplayer online. the whole server is for just 36 people. which is too low for the pop. this game have a lot potential, the weather system, the mutant, the sound effect, environment, the water, the mountain, the base building etc, thats all looks real and beautiful. I support this game and the dev for making a great game."
,Not Recommended,299740,32061821,Posted: 30 May,all,Chumlum,"Miscreated is an incredibly frustrating game. Unlike other titles in the ‘always alpha’ open world survival genre, it appears to have a lot of genuine promise. It is because of this that I’ve been bothered to write a load of words about it. The world is immersive, beautiful in parts and there are possibilities to build bases and fix up vehicles to drive around. It could be a great balance of challenge and exploration but it is held back by fundamental flaws in the gameplay that continue to be ignored by the developers.You may find it encouraging seeing updates but these are just not addressing the major issues. I have had this view for a while and it has recently been echoed by the hosts of a decent server who could no longer justify its running cost. Their reason? “We are having too many issues with vehicles and items disappearing, and gameplay in general. The developers refuse to respond to our tickets”.Simply put, there are so many recurring bugs and irritating features in the game that there is little incentive to invest time in your character. I will focus below on the main ones that bother me:Death is a big problem and the punishment is dropping your inventory and possibly respawning on the other side of the map. It may take 10 minutes to run back to the spot where you died, while avoiding mutants and staving off hunger and thirst. Of course, it can be argued this is 'harsh but fair' and simply part of such a game. However, death can come through no fault of your own. When encountering a mutant, an inevitability while scavenging, the fight is almost always painfully glitchy. I have seen this on many different servers, so it is not a latency issue. The mutant could be facing the wrong way and still hit you, you could kill it in two direct hits or it’ll fail to die in ten. It is a coin flip whether I die or not in such an encounter. From my experience, guns appear to do little more damage than a melee weapon but ammunition is so rare that I don’t see the point in using them anyway. I regularly see mutants stuck on walls or bits of vegetation, being spooked by nothing, suddenly running off and then scampering back to attack. How this has not been sorted out by a competent team of developers is beyond me.Crafting in Miscreated should be a good feature in a game of this type. You can create unique weapons, like the sawblade baseball bat. Despite having both a baseball bat and saw blade in my inventory, I was sadly unable to craft this item for reasons unknown. Crafting goes further with the possibility of constructing your own base. You will first need an axe or hatchet (to chop wood for lumber) and a box of nails in order to create a sign to claim some land. Finding key items like an axe/hatchet and nails can sometimes take an hour of scavenging and then losing them upon death is a major setback. Building a base should be fun but it isn’t. It requires endlessly swinging at trees and clearing your inventory as wood is too heavy. Dropping something is a risk as there's a 50:50 chance it will just disappear for good. Creating the numerous types of components out of lumber is a tedious exercise and could be easily simplified. Once you have made your section of wall or floor, you will likely find that placing it is no straightforward task. It is difficult to line up parts neatly and sometimes it is impossible to place due to a mischievous blade of grass, for example, in the way. Miscreated just needs to implement a simple yet creative building system and look to games like Rust or Conan for its basis.Vehicles should’ve been a great addition to the game and yet finding all the parts to get them running, along with oil and fuel, can take a lifetime. It is very satisfying once you get a vehicle working but this only lasts until you get stuck on a small rock or fail to reverse up a gentle slope to free yourself. Fuel and oil can mysteriously drain fast, so you’re back to looking for heavy cans of gas in the surroundings. Botched vehicles can cause a lot of server issues, meaning more glitches and lag.The hunger and thirst meters are fine to manage and the game is superior to similar survival titles, like Day Z, in most aspects. The graphics and the atmosphere created by the weather effects are great. This is what usually brings me back, along with the game being basically playable with a friend. However, the glitches and bugs, bizarre combat, harshness of death and mind-numbing crafting make this game impossible to recommend in its current state. The developers need to use their updates to fix the gameplay's fundamental problems. Sadly, I would not be surprised to re-read my comments in a year’s time and find the game to be exactly the same aside from a few superficial changes. I do sincerely hope the people behind Miscreated listen to the critcism and act on it, as this game could really be so much more."
76561198140651635,Recommended,299740,29520619,Posted: 27 January,all,Kurt GoBANG,"Miscreated has a lot of potential but needs a LOT of work. I'll keep the review short in the form of Pros and Cons,Pros:-Large Open World-Cryengine (Looks gorgeous)-Well thought out inventory space system (Each item from pants to backpacks have their own inventory slots, equiping cargo shorts gives you more storage space than regular jeans.)-Vehicles-Stealth works against other players.Cons:-Learning curve-Difficult Interface-Floating bases (Hoping the devs will improve physics)-Vehicles need more inventory space-Weapons spawn in the same place in particular buildings.-Containers don't exist for looting. (Any gear you find is scattered on the map)Only 7 hours in, with more experience maybe I'll add on to the review. Its more of a PVP than PVE environment. Mutants wont mess with you if you dont get too close."
,Recommended,299740,17344178,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,Saw another player and he didn't kill me on sight.11/10
76561197963668117,Recommended,299740,20466790,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,<>Delta<>,"I've played this almost every day for the past month or so and its a great game with huge potential.It's hard - that may be a put off to some people but working your way around and gathering weapons and equipment to protect yourself plus maybe killing an attacker or two which feels great.Play friendly or play dirty :) More often than not I play the good guy when online gaming so I made an effort in this world to be the bad guy. Why spend ages to loot houses when you can simply steal from your fellow man. The role of the bad guy is essential to this game as it gives the good ""team up"" guys somebody to fight as well as providing loot in a quick manner.The bad element also makes meeting another player a tense scenario - Here is an example of one such meeting I had the other night.Its night, you are in a house searching for bullets to a gun you've found and you notice a flashlight searching a house across the road. Looking at the setup of the road its logical that the person is going to check this house next. You slow to a steady walk to reduce your footsteps in the house to avoid alerting the approaching stranger. Time to think about how this is going to play out - either they kill you or they simply say hello and move on. You know from previous rendezvous that its 70/30 that they will kill you for your loot. You have the upper hand with the dark and the opportunity of ambush, why take the risk? You watch them leave the house while turning off their torch and notice a back pack and a long barrelled weapon slung over the shoulder. Could be plenty of loot carried by this one.. You hear them enter the house and the tell-tale click of the torch, this means no weapon in-hand, another advantage. the mystery person searches the front room, kitchen and dining area and heads for the stairs... He stops as the light makes out a shape at the top of the stairs... We both sit there, me looking at the light of the torch, him looking at my shotgun pointed down the narrow staircase - no way he can dodge the blast at this range. A tentative voice comes over the in-game voice system ""Hey man"" I don't respond immediately... Now he's worried that death is seconds away, the last 30 - 40 minutes of him searching for loot could be wasted in this meeting in the dark. I know that if his flashlight switches off he has pulled a gun.. The moment is tense, I finally speak 'Got any ammo for the 1911 .45?'. He responds with a glimmer of hope 'Yeah sure, just don't shoot - I'll drop some at the bottom of the stairs on my way out' He back away still pointing the light my way until he reaches the hallway. His light then clicks off and he runs out the house, clearly not stopping to leave me any ammo. I realise then that I am still being to kind to these people and that I should have taken it in the stairway when I had the chance. Now he has the advantage, he knows I'm there he knows I have only one exit from the house. No point in searching the rest of this house now, not with the sense that I'm being watched. I wait for a minute to try to listen for footsteps - but nothing. I pull out a smoke grenade and slowly creep down the stairs so I can see the exit of the house, I toss the grenade so it will land just outside and let the smoke fill out before I run, out the door way and take an immediate right. Boom! a shotgun blast clips me and I'm bleeding. Can't stop now to attach a bandage, need to escape, I keep running, avoiding a straight path as much as possible weaving my way through gardens and round fences to avoid the killer behind me. I can hear the footsteps running to where he last saw me. I find a collection of bins and boxes next to a house and crouch to hide. I hear him come closer. He stops moving... tense again. I quickly apply a bandage and wait. Nothing, silence. He knows I've stopped and he is waiting for me to make the first move. I pull out my newly crafted pipe bomb and make a quick judgement on where I think he's stopped based on where I last heard him. I throw it. He realises what's happening and starts to run..., BOOM! Silence again, nothing, no sound. I wait for what feels like ages. I have to start moving now as I can't sit here all night. I equip my shotgun and approach his last know location. He's dead - I can see his prone body in the dark. I run up to it to search it for loot and BINGO! 1911 ammo :)These are the types of scenarios that occur in this game everytime I play it, Sometimes I'm on the receiving end and lose all my loot that I have gathered for the past 30 - 40 mins but I know its give and take. Plus I should have done something different to avoid the death in the first place :)There is alot yet to improve on in this game but they are making progress. Remember its early access, alot of the reviews write it off without having this in mind.Well worth the price tag!"
,Recommended,299740,33714386,Posted: 22 July,all,G-Kast,"Quick review to help the Mixed 62% reviews.So you bought DayZ a couple years ago and was disapointed... Me too! This game is basically everything you wanted DayZ to be, but better. Very well optimized, many places to explore, guns to find, and players to befriend/kill. Also, basebuilding! Hunting, crafting, and so much more.But why is this game at a 62% if its so good? No clue. This is hands down one of the best, if not the best zombie-survival game currently out. The devs also update regularly! (unlike DayZ)"
,Recommended,299740,28279534,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Blackloch°,"""Don't shoot! I'm friendly!""Oh please. I was eating beans before you had even spawned.I bought Miscreated from -50% sale, thought to myself""Sure, it's been on my wishlist for a long time now. Why not?""I wasn't expecting much since I've been crawling through all sorts of survival games in the past and they all seem to revolve around the same idea:- Major catastrophic scenario / Post Apocalypse- Hunger, thirst, weapons- More PvP than PvE- Zombies / MutantsAnd Miscreated fits right in there. You are a survivor, scavenging for gear, food and crafting materials - trying to make the best out of a bad situation. You're surrounded by mutants and other players, also known as ""the bandits"". I know, I know. There are good guys there too. (until you give them a weapon and accidentally turn your back on them)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=814723346Hells, we've all seen this scenario by now. What makes this game different from that one certain zombie mod over a war simulation game or it's standalone offspring, is that Miscreated is actually built just for this. It's not a ""somewhat working"" adaptation of some other game and it feels damn good to play a zombie survival game that actually has a fluent inventory system, very nice graphics and great performance all around.The world seems detailed, the ambient sounds, light and shadow effects etc. but as I'm writing this (December 2016) it's still missing the wildlife, weather system and the ""feel of danger"". The world feels huge and the current player cap of 36 players feels very low on such a big place. It almost feels like you need a drop of luck to even see another player, though I guess that makes to post apoc feel more like, well post apoc.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=816586578Your only actual threat at the moment are the other players - there's only a few squishy mutants walking around and you see them quite rarely. I did see some bigger tankish variations too but only once. I'm optimistic these things will get more attention in later development.There's enough of different types of gear, clothing, vehicles and gunporn in game already which makes Miscreated in it's current state very much playable and enjoyable. Oh, and from what I've gathered you make a character into a server and it stays onthatserver.Take that fools!There is no server hopping, moving into a good position, then switching on to another server to grind the same loot over and over again.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=815859553--Of course the game is nowhere near complete being in early access, but I do see a lot of potential in it already. From what I've seen and tested, many of the mechanics in game at the moment do work nicely and the vehicles & base building is a nice addition too. I'm eagerly waiting for more content to the game.If you're a survival game fanatic like me and like to see the sights before the riffraff settles in, I think now is the perfect opportunity to give this game a spin - and for a wallet friendly -50% price!"
76561197977358369,Recommended,299740,24141958,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MAMCO,"First review on Steam. I got this game when if first came out for me and a few friends on our teamspeak. It was good then but not polished. Skip a year later and now this is the best survival game on the market.  This game has got the best weather on any game ive seen. and transistions from night to day with that early morning fog is great.In This game a flashlight is you best friend, turn it off and you will think your monitor is off. the best part of the game is its just plain fun.Did I mention TORNADOS"
76561198094373361,Recommended,299740,17892448,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Eythan,"I got this game with my friends after playing H1Z1 & looking for something new.Is has it's flaws, mostly glitchy issues - no point denying those, but if you can expect problems and the occasional unplayable phase that come with this games Early Access, then you shouldn't be too disappointed.Overall:It's another open-world, survival, post-apocalyptic world with diverse crafting. Plenty to explore on a large-scale map with a number of civilization ""hotspots"" being a few medium sized towns to loot, with smaller hamlets, structures or camps spread throughout.Gameplay is dynamic in the sense that you must look to find items hiding within the game world in order to take them (sometimes well hidden, or blending in with the look of the surround area) and not simply point at a bunch of cupboards and click to 'search'.Basebuilding is similar in that there is (currently) no Snap-Too function, moving your character and your camera angles around you decide where to place different base parts freely, so long as the placeable template allows.No Zombies - in keeping with the games background story; ""Mutants"" are your AI enemy, they are fast, they hit hard, but they're not indestructable if you own a gun - with ammunition.Negatives:The server issues are definitely a pain, the Devs are working on various networking issues both for in-game item synchronisation and connectivity. However meanwhile, expect there to be various times your unable to connect to your desired server.No storage currently. Although this is definitely planned for the future, they intend to stabilise the network before implementing this. Meaning your pockets and inventory slots are all you have to store items in, providing you don't exceed your carrying weight of 40Kg. There are rare cars throughout which can store items, if your able to obtain one and hide it.Item synch - as mentioned, there are some issues which can sometimes cause your loot to despawn should you attempt to drop it out of your bags temporarily, or pass it to another player.Positives:The game looks and feels beautiful, with even further plans to update the realistic graphics on the next game engine's update.The Devs are active, and open about their progress. Roughly each month they have an hour long stream or so revealing planned updates and explanations on progress thus far.There is a background story, not much has been disclosed but there is evidence around, messages left, and the general feeling of what went on starts to build. This definitely makes the game feel it has more depth, and helps the world come alive.Just generally the game is good fun. Mutants pose enough of a threat to be a cause for concern, PvP'ers the same when entering larger towns. Loot isn't too scarce depending on whether somebody's looted your area recently. There's a variety of clothes, melee weapons and guns to gear up. Crafting recipes are ""learnable"" if you can find them, and you don't lose any new guides you've learnt by dying.Summary:I definitely would recommend this game to people who enjoy a similar genre. It seems this game is still slightly under the radar, but easily has the potential and direction of becoming a serious contender - both with gameplay and looks.P.S:  This is the first i've reviewed a game, so I hope it was helpful. Goodluck out there!"
76561198203540660,Recommended,299740,22247204,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,doubleohtrippel,"Miscreated is one of the best open world apocalyptic survival games out now. Its basically DayZ with mutants of different kinds instead of zombies, and theres base building. Its not quite as far in development right now as DayZ, nor is the map nearly as big yet. (The devs have promised that more map area is coming.) However, the setting is very well thought out, with plenty of overgrowth and decay, as one should expect in a world decades after WW3 has left the Earth devastated by nuclear war. And best of all, it takes place in the good ol' USA, so all the signs are in ENGLISH! (Yay!)With the recent AI update, the mutants have become a lot smarter, more animated, and more threatening. This is GOOD for anyone who is up for some challenging PvE action. The hope is that the more threatening mutant encounters will clear out some of the ever present and abundant KoS bandits (present in any and all games of this type) by encouraging a more PvE friendly atmosphere which requires some teamwork.Review Update: 5/21/16That last review I posted after one of the initial AI updates, when there was a $#!+ ton of mutants and I was one of the last survivors still playing. Understandably, there is less desire to start playing a game with such a high failure rate due to overwhelming computer generated opposition. Only the most experienced were able to survive.Since then, the mutant numbers have been toned down and there are a lot of people playing again. It is nice to see players again who are pairing/grouping up and surviving. The PvP aspect of this game has always been good. Its a lot more close quarters combat than some other similar games since there are not so many scoped rifles and there is a lot of nice overgrowth to hide in. So, still a thumbs up from me. Miscreated is a must buy for the survival 1pp/3pp shooter enthusiast.Review Update: 9/11/2016I have to add to this review since this game is so great. Miscreated is the BEST DEVELOPED open sandbox, post-apocolyptic game out now. The devs drop huge updates regularly. The map has grown a lot. Weapons/items usability improved. Computer AI improved. New enemies. New vehicles. Crafting improved (and learned craft guides are persistent after death and server wipe/patch updates - I have verified this myself!) They add so much detail, the graphics and setting are truly impressive and totally immersive into the game world. I love the new downtown buildings and interactive environment (at a few key locations only right now). Firefights inside of skyscrapers are a blast! The new wolf packs are a real threat in the forest... I could go on and on... And the price is so low compared to other games of this quality. Miscreated is a must buy for sure (more so now than ever)!Also, you should vote for them on CRYENGINE's website so they can get more funding to make the game even better:https://www.cryengine.com/development-fund/projects/miscreated(No, I don't know the devs, but if I could I would give them my kudos on a well made game. I'm just a survival game enthusiast who loves fun games - just check my other game reviews to see whats good out there.)"
,Recommended,299740,12724096,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"DISCLAIMER: This is all first impressions. I realize the game came out in Early Access on Steam only a couple days ago. I will edit my ""review"" accordingly as updates inevitably come out.Obviously heavily inspired by many survival games like it, Miscreated takes the current trend of Early Access multiplayer titles and makes sure to impress with what it can do with so little.First off, I don't care if it really isn't relevant, but the main menu music I absolutely love. Sad, but slightly haunting. It's a great track.You probably know by now, this was made with the Cryengine, an amazing engine capable of gorgeous, but still well optimized visuals. This definetely has the key visuals of a game made with the Cryengine. Beautiful water effects and high res textures, pleasant lighting, and reflections. EVERYTHING has reflections. Water, puddles, oil leaks, oil barrels, picture frames, shower tiles. While they might not be very obvious, if you really pay attention, the detail is there. It's not very practical in any real way, but it looks nice most of the time.This game immedietly packs a few weather effects, such as rain, clear skies, and heavy fog. It needs tweaking to look truly gorgeous.Almost every building currently in the game is enterable, even this early in development. Most of them also are fully furnished, but a bit copy and paste. They get the job done for now, especially since the loot system relies on hiding items in cupboards, fridges, tables, cabinets, etc.Speaking of loot, from what I've seen it's lacking as I type. I've searched the entire map twice (entire map being all the points of interest, rather than every inch of forest) and found a hatchet, a hammer, and three 9mm pistols. (EDIT 1/16/2015: There has been a recent patch that has added numerous weapons to the loot table. This include a shotgun, a .357, a .22 rifle, and a  .223 rifle, as well as several different melee weapons.) Other than that there are several different kinds of soda, a few various kinds of canned food, some rad meds, and bandages. There are also stone, nails, wood, and other small things to use in a vague crafting system. Finally, there are small various bits of clothing.Your loot may vary though. I'm not fully aware of how loot is spawned, or if it is based on how many players are in the server. Perhaps some more playtime will clear that up, but as of right now playing on a server of about 15 people for a few hours, I found very little of use other than food.Combat is basic, but functional. The pistol I found fires, but there's little impact or satisfaction from doing so. Melee weapons are a bit floaty as well. Combat isn't very inspiring, but it is functional.I emptied a full 10 bullet clip into my partner however for testing, and despite most shots seeming to hit his head, he didn't die. Either it was just buggy at that point, or the pistol is underpowered.Player interaction this early on is to be expected. I've come across mostly unequipped, cautious players just trying to get a feel for their surroundings in this new game. I only encountered one hostile player, who saw me in a house, 100% unarmed, motionless, and began to whack me with a hammer at which point I shortly died.Personally, I rarely attack anyone, especially if they aren't obviously equipped. Last night while playing I ran into 5 players, none of which had any equipment, and one of them even followed my small group for awhile.As for other enemies, there are very, very few scattered zombie like enemies. They aren't very threatening this early on, and mainly seem to serve as place holders. Their AI is weak, and there's only the one enemy at this point. I was able to outrun one and enter a house, at which point the zombie freaked out, ran around the entire house once, tried the door again, and then ran off nowhere to be found again.As for content in general, there isn't that much. What it does have is much more promising than most other survival games I've seen. It has some decent bones. Only time will tell if the game will really unlock its full potential.My suggestion, as well as many others, wait a few patches. Let them add more weapons, enemies, and bug fixes.There are NO rebindable keys in game, which is stupid for any game on PC. Some of the default keybinds don't even make much sense.You can't drown as far as I can tell. My partner and I decided to jump from a small bridge into the ocean for fun, at which point my partner exclaims in fear that he saw another person just floating in the water that wasn't me. Turns out it was a guy, just creepily chilling under the water for who knows how long.$25 just seems like just over the line for the value this game offers right now. It's not too outrageously priced, but you can buy other survival games with more content for equal or cheaper. Overall, I give this game a thumbs up, but only because it shows a lot of promise. It certainly needs work, and that's to be expected.PC performance:It's alright. Again, it's a Cryengine game, which usually always perform well. It's very CPU intensive though. My aftermarket CPU fan really kicks on with this game, so much that I can slightly hear it through my headset.There are a few framerate drops in towns, and even a few random ones that don't seem to make too much sense. I'm running an overclocked 780ti and overclocked AMD 8350 with 16 GB of RAM, and I get about 45-60 FPS in towns, and it dips all over the place when you spin the camera around.Sometimes I'll randomly get drops to 30 FPS for ten seconds and then it will go back up above 60. Hopefully optimization is high up on the list of things to work on. No point in even trying the game if it runs terrible.EDIT 11/2/2014: They used puns in their patch notes. Best developer ever. Support this game."
,Recommended,299740,17343554,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,dillfishy,"I can't believe this game has mixed reviews! This game is one of the best survival games I have played! Miscreated makes you really feel that you are surviving. The environment is really breathtaking! The reason why i said this game makes you feel like your suriving is that i was in a farming vehicle(which it has a pully on the back of it, so i hope they may implement something you can pull another vehicle or trailer) and i was driving in the road while my cousin was gathering things from the houses. To me that feels like suviving and working together which gives you the survival feel! Dayz, Rust, and Ark  will not compare to this game because for the simple fact that i found a game that wont have c4 or rocket launchers in it! Great game and people need to play it!"
76561198062263329,Recommended,299740,28463435,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dr GoodBudz,"The server I was playing on had to restart, so I parked my car in a field under the bright, sun lit sky and planted my land claim so when I came back the car would still be there.When the server came back up it was night and the cars tank was empty. No problem, I thought, I'll go to the town down the road and find some gas.It's pitch black save for a little moon light. As I make my way past a small bridge dimly lit by yellow barricade, I see somthing scurry across the road in the distance. I figured it was the graphics poping up as I move, the game is still in alpha.I find two small military tents and proceed to loot them with my flickering flashlight for any gas or oil. With the headphones on the tent tends to sound like footsteps when blowing in the wind. I've learned to ignore it.But this time it wasn't the tent. As I turned my light to the enterence I see five to six alpha phase wolves running right at me almost dead silent from the darkness.I havent felt this kind of panic in a game in maybe 15 years. I frantically smashed my keyboard hopeing one of the keys I hit explodes everything around the tent saving me from the onslaught bolting right at me, no good.In all the jumping and running I somehow managed to get on top of a truck and escape the now verry loud pack of mutant wolf dogs. I can't wait to see what they do with this game in the future."
,Recommended,299740,24363164,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lizzer,"Here's my story:1st hour-Spawned into a random place-I started searching for items-Found a rifle with 1 bullet-A guy sneaked behind me and asked me if I'm friendly-We became friends-Surived an hour together-Saw a stone monument-I went to climb up to find a town-Friend followed me and got me covered-He blocked my way to go down-He started beating me with his axe-I got panicked and jumped down the momument-I died..2nd hour-I spawned into a big town-Saw a group of people with a vehicle-Had no items and I went to them with my hands up-They let me in the group-It went dark (night time)-We searched for food to bring it to their base-Heard a zombie towards me-Got scared and ran away-I got seperated from the group-Saw a red flare flying in the sky-I followed the flare and saw a group of people-Had no idea if its my group or not-I asked who are they, nobody replied-One of them saw me and everyone opened fire-I ran towards garage with a ladder to the roof-I used the ladder and saw a guy camping with a sniper rifle-I waved at him and warned about the guys who were after me-Turns out he was part of the group-He killed me and everyone took my items.10/10"
,Recommended,299740,22151174,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jouaram,IGNORE REVIEWS THAT ARE MORE THAN A FEW MONTHS OLD.All of the reviews that are that far back have had most of the complaints fixed. This game is VERY playable and enjoyable.
,Recommended,299740,24510488,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Zavodd,"Miscreated is just really and underrated game. The whole atmosphere feels much more like an apocalypse compared to DayZ and H1Z1. It's nice to have mutans instead of your traditional ''zombie'' and the animations for guns, and stuff on your back is just sooooo good! Thumps up for these guys, they are really doing an amazing job to make a fantastic game!"
76561198174775655,Recommended,299740,26378116,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nasty,"I admit it, I bought the game before and I asked for a steam refund after a few hours, cause it seemed like another survivor game.Shame on me,Its not.Miscreated is unique, it has a lot of potential, the graphics are very very enjoyable and the each part of the map was created with love. We can see that in the tiny details at every corner all around the map. Every house is different and that makes the loot more challenging and the play experience less boring and more immersive. The art work and the graffiti are just fabulous. The weather system, with the rain and storms are something else, I hope we can see rain and temperature to have real impact on playersI hope, to see more content added in the near future. There are a lot of room for the game to grow. With more weapons and tools to craft, more caves to explore and better bases to build. I wish the map gets even bigger and the mutants get more frequents and spread around the territory. I hope to see more to improve cooperation and the PVE aspect, and the survival part.Personally I dont care much for the PVP part. There are other games for that.The devs seem to have constant updates and the relations with their fan bases seems close and constant. Thats always a plus.Keep up with the good jobs guys."
76561198115676429,Recommended,299740,13708788,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,joe,"Here goes:Spawned on a roadFollowed itFound a wooden fortressNo way to get inSpoke to players in chatBecame friends with themDecided to meet up at airfieldFound a revolver and shotgun with armourFound a stalker, shot me in the leg, shot him in the headBledRequested help from friendsFriends cameThey shot me11/10 Like DayZ with guns"
76561198084232228,Recommended,299740,27793043,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,starfishpirate,Seriously underrated
,Recommended,299740,21335668,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ManaBuilt,"Having played most of the more ""known"" open-world zombie survival games (H1Z1, 7 Days to Die, Project Zomboid, etc.), I was pretty skeptical coming into Miscreated; especially considering it's current Mixed review rating. But having played around with it for ~4 hours already, I can tell that this is definitely one of the more polished, immersive, and focused, ""zombie"" (mutants) survival games.Graphically, the game is unmatched in the world of Early Access survival games. The Crytek engine has always been able to make games look great, but it's the art direction this game has, specifically, that makes it stand out. Referring to something like H1Z1, you'll notice that the world in that game simply does not look like it's been hit by a zombie virus. The world is clean and has a very bland, uninspired art design. Miscreated, thankfully, understands that just because you're in EA doesn't mean you can't look great at the same time. Scavenging through buildings feels creepy (particularly at night), and the world is both bright and beautiful, but dreary and destroyed. I would actually say it's closest counterpart- at least visually, would be Fallout 4's art style.Gameplay-wise, if you've played other zombie survival games, you'll have a general idea of what to expect here. You roam an open map, searching through buildings and rubble looking for supplies to stay healthy and armed to defend yourself. The scavenging in the game is very immersive, and thankfully avoids throwing menu after menu at you while playing. Looking at games like H1Z1 or 7 Days To Die, they both have ""loot tables"", meaning you'll spend most of your scavenging time clicking on containers, waiting a couple seconds, and then seeing what the game spawned in the menu that pops up. Miscreated actually loads all its items in as physical objects in the world, so you spend very, very little time looking at menus and loot tables, and instead spend your time feeling directly connected to the world looking for loot in half-opened cupboards or on shelves, etc.The only real issue I have, gameplay-wise, with the game right now, is that combat feels just as clunky as any other survival game that I have played. Melee attacks feel light and it can be hard to tell when you've even hit an enemy at all. This is something I hope to see addressed very soon by the devs, as the overall polish that this game has feels counter to the fairly lackluster combat.But, overall, this is an excellent ""zombie"" survival game that looks and plays great, and most importantly, is being very actively developed. A quick look at the update logs for this game will show you that at most, around every 3 weeks, the devs will drop a large content patch to the community with pretty significant improvements. This is what hurts so many survival games in general. It's what has killed my interest in games such as H1Z1, Project Zomboid, etc. An Early Access game that feels like it is constantly evolving for the better is a rare find on Steam, and I would suggest not letting Miscreated be an EA game to pass you by if the premise of an immersive, open-world, survival game, sounds right for you."
,Recommended,299740,18186611,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"Promising Co-Op Survival Sandbox // Solo players tread cautiously.""So that's it, we're done..civilization is taking a breather. Anyone alive in 2089 that isn't mutated yet is just focused on staying that way.""Miscreated is a gripping survival horror game (heavy emphasis on survival, moderate emphasis on horror) that offers a satisfying experience if played co-op, but offers a somewhat slow and tedious struggle if played alone.The premise of the game is like any other in the genre: you're thrust upon a lawless land, forced to scavenge for yourself and build a base to protect not only your life but all the loot you've amassed on your travels through the map; fail to do that and, well, in the words ofCloud Atlas: ""The weak are meat the strong will eat.""Unfortunately, this is where the game shows that is more co-op friendly instead of a casual survivor sim like The Forest. Scavenging loot, gear, and weapons are easy enough, but when it comes to actually locking down a place to build and craft a fort, things become a bit more arduous and annoying. You will spend some time trying to find a decent area to build (and these would be around the main town or the military base) due to the distance restriction on placing plot signs (200m away from one another). I forgot to mention, however, that you'll be spending a LOT more time crafting your base components. Foundation by foundation, small tiny wall piece by tiny wall piece, you will painstakingly craft a base in an hour, what would have only taken you about 15 minutes in a solo session of Rust. This is because: you can't close the inventory window while crafting (so running around while your player crafts passively in the background is a no-go), and harvesting resources + crafting base components is time consuming. You will constantly be going from your base point to your resource point due to item weight, and only being able to carry about 1-1.5 building items at a time (so you can only craft 1 foundation and get maybe a quarter to half of the parts for another foundation piece before you are forced to run back to base to place your wall/foundation/door before you can harvest anymore resources) means you will spend a third of your base building time traveling. If you're doing this without a vehicle, it can get pretty old. Which leads me to the fact that...It's a daunting task building a base in this game as a solo player. Usually after something requiring such effort, there's a sense of satisfaction or reward. However, I felt more annoyed than anything. Placing 2 Foundations, 8 walls, 2 more foundations for roofing, a door and 2 mini-walls for a door frame (there is no doorframe blueprint yet, or I've not found it if there is) took me quite a long time. Compound this with the fact that there is no chest available to you + items despawn when thrown on the ground in your base, you can't really help but feel that base building is just completely pointless.With vehicles, getting them to run is just as tasking. There are numerous carparts required, many of which are high in weight so carrying only 1 or 2 primary items at a time is possible. This is understandable, but as a solo player this can mean taking a good hour or so finding everything required just to get a vehicle up and running. All the while, you have to make sure another player doesn't come along and snipe you, the car your working on, or the parts you've placed inside it. You can start to see why playing this solo can be cumbersome and stressful. The game even says it in grafitti on walls throughout the world:""Live in groups ordiealone!Combine the time consumption of base building + difficulty of vehicle repair + weapon penetration (your base walls/doors/roofs/foundations can be shot through with very low damage mitigation) and it all equates to a very brutal solo playing experience. However, playing it with a group of people is very rewarding and much more enjoyable. Guarding a build site while your friends are harvesting and crafting, going on scouting missions for vehicle parts while someone is protecting the vehicle, Recon'ing in Pinecrest spotting enemy survivors to kill for loot...group play opens up a very tangible and immersive survival experience not found in single player.If you are into base building but don't have a group to play with, this game will offer you what you seek but will take a bit more effort and may cause some spastic anger outbursts when you die, lose your hatchet, and end up searching an hour again for another one. You can definitely have fun with finding other survivors to kill, but for long term playability, a group is amust.One of the better EA survival titles available with an active development team and growing community.. don't pass on Miscreated if you're a survival sandbox fan. It is worth every dollar of the early access price."
,Recommended,299740,20990639,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Valkyrie,Better than DayZ.
76561198034210208,Recommended,299740,20735538,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mestre Hashoda O Foda,"This game absolutely has a HUGE POTENTIAL. Possibly the best survival being MADE. Very polished early access game! doesnt seems to be in alpha! This game is really fabulous! EPIC BASEBUILDING, IMMERSIVE GAMEPLAY, EPIC SURVIVAL. Really much BETTER than DAYZ.. or similars like H1Z1 or RUST.  CryEngine3 is f***ing AWESOME! Developers team working hard with updates constantly!I can say it is BEST EARLY ACCESS game your money can buy. Forget about ARK, RUST, H1Z1.. they are s**t when you compare them to miscreated! Miscreated is a game muuuuuuuch more polished.I appreciated very good times playing this game, had a lot of fun trying to kill other people, surviving and building my base. So I recommend it. 10/10OBS: The game now is more PVP than PVE. Zombies are not totally implemented yet, they are not a risk to surviving.ITS A MUST HAVE IF YOU LIKE SURVIVAL EXPERIENCES.------------------------------------------------------------ENGINE:   CRYENGINE 3 is a VERY good engine. Its not a heavy engine for the graphics it offers. Graphics are MUCH BETTER than H1Z1 or DayZ, and CRYENGINE is also lighter. I could run it with a ATI HD 5850 1GB/256bits (and Core 2 Quad) in 720p on medium with AA 1x TXAA, with 20-30fps.UPDATE 2016:   Running well, 1080p 35fps with high settings 2x TXAA with a NVDIA GTX 760 2GB and i5 4570 3.2ghz!At 900p runs 45fps and 720p runs 60fps, with VERY HIGH SETTINGS and plus anti-analiasing FXAA (ON) and MSAA 8x ( both activated in nvdia control panel). Graphics pretty good!!DETAILS IN GAME:    The intern environmment of the houses are good detailed. Better than other survivals. And you really need to search for the things inside the houses. On the floor, inside the cabinet, inside the drawer, over the refrigerator, on the table, on the chair, on the bed. You can easily pass through a item without seeing it if you are not payin atention. Realistic. Very cool. Also the cenary outside looks pretty good,, forests, fields, and cities. Amazining weather system, sun lights, shadows in the cenary!!MAP:    a lot of houses, just 1 military base, some fuel stations, and some supermarkets and stores. but there arent hospitals, pharmacys, weapon stores, police stations, shopping centers, fireman stations, subway, train station, airport or seaport, bases and other places that exists in real world. Please add them to make the game more realistics. The map is still being developed, but at the moment the map is not big as DAYZ and H1Z1. For a good survival game the map must be really LARGE. Developers, please keep working on it.  Sound of enviroment also needs to be improved!UPDATE 07/2016:    New big town with new buildings. Patch 60 also includes a storage system with tents and crafted boxes.. Town is not completely done, but they are working on it!!MAX PLAYERS:   Negative POINT is at the moment MAX PLAYERS per map are 36 PLAYERS ! Could Be 50 players..CARS AND OTHERS: there are only 2 type of cars (car and truck). But could be more. Also IT WOULD BE REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING if the developers added some elements used like in ARMA II DAYZ MOD...  PLEASE WE NEED Motorcycles, bicycle, helicopters, airplanes and others. ITS really important to game become fun and more realistic. Horses and bicycles CAN be an easy way to game dont become a walking simulator.UPDATE 2016: they are providing a new truck and bycicle, but both still being testedCRAFTING:  just Basebuilding!! There is no other usefull things to craft at the moment. Developers please work on this..MUTANTS: AI of mutants are sad !!! You just get up in a car and mutants stop chasing you. WTF man? lastwise they could be like the zombies in walking dead (Persistents). Please developers work on it. They dosnt hear sounds. the Most of the places there is no mutants. . Also please work on NEW TYPE of mutants ( cause there is only 1 at the moment), would be very cool if you could not predict what kind of mutant you are gonna find on your way (Left4Dead 2 has 4 different types, and this game was done in 2009). Sometimes it becomes boring very easily. You dont take frights with them. To improve it would be very cool find mutants locked inside rooms or houses, or a swarm of mutants suddenly in the forest or inside a building. You know, like in THE WALKING DEAD SERIES man. They should be attracted by noise, light, or smell of animal meat being roasted on a camp fire inside your base. It would be very cool if a swarm of mutants could attack your base due to these reasons, suddenly.THE WAY IT IS AT THE MOMENT, mutants cause no fear and are not a risk for anyone. The deers in game escapes from the mutants, and they dont even need to run to escape.UPDATE: They are working on AI system of the game. Updates are coming..BASE BUILDING: EPIC BASEBUILDING. I HOPE THE DEVELOPERS KEEP WORKING HARD ON IT! Has a huge potential with the CRYENGINE... Its an important aspect of the new generation of  SURVIVAL GAMES. Please developers WORK HARD!! Check ARMA II DayZ mod, this game has a very interesting way of building bases. Please follow some elements.WEATHER: Weather system really cool! really awesome!! with storms, twists, fog..  very realistic effects!HUNTING: WHY CANT I HUNT AND COOK THE MEAT?  I THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS A REALISTIC HARDCORE SURVIVAL. I dont like to eat canned meat everyday man, and virtually this is the only thing you eat in game!! So would be interesting if i COULD FISH, HUNT DEERS OR OTHER ANIMALS, AND THEN COOK THE MEAT IN A CAMP FIRE. With salt we could dehydrate the meat to leat later. PICK FRUIT also would be cool.EFFECTS: THE GAME COULD HAVE SOME EFFECTS LIKE THE MOVEMENT OF DRINKING WATER OF EATING FOOD OR USING A BANDAGE ON A INJURY. DayZ has this effects, are very cool and the game become more realisticBUGS: sometimes it crashs"
76561198329941877,Not Recommended,299740,34705865,Posted: 3 September,all,Rats,1. Remove floating bases.2. Add more storage.3. Remove storage slots from cars so they can be used as transport instead of storage crates stored in floating bases.
,Recommended,299740,16158272,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ZombieJeep,"I dont often do long reviews but here it goes.....I am a huge survival genre fan and after my disappointing experiences with DayZ Stand Alone I was super excited about H1Z1 and again my hopes and dreams were shattered upon seeing videos of insane PvP and P2w and hackers in that game.. Si went back to Arma 3, and waited for a true survival game, and then I was watching twitch streams and stumbled upon this Gem!!!!!Miscreated is Polished, and optimized , and an absolute blast to play! It creates fear at night and a sense of urgency during the day! I would say that 80% of the players are semi-friendly, but it is the apocalypse and trust must be earned!The Cry engine is Gorgeous! The details create an incredible sense of immersion! With all alpha games there are a few bugs, but the Dev's and thier spouses are extremely active and helpful!This game is a MUST HAVE!!!!!  10/10"
76561197990259790,Recommended,299740,12988574,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Izzrazzle,"all i have to say is wow! i have only played about 5 hours of this game and it is by far tons better than dayz and rust. Stunning graphics, fluid movement, 60 fps non-stop, great mechanics, hardly any bugs worth noticing, and just a flat-out FUN game. I dont believe i have ever seen a pre-alpha polished this good! I highly recommend this to hardcore survivalists! GREAT GAME!!-Izzrazzle"
76561197977886395,Recommended,299740,17032171,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,St4hl,"I love it. I have played h1z1 for 335 hours and in comparison to Miscreated, h1z1 doesn't have a soul. This game does though. Stalker is my all time favourite game and this game is the closest to that of all the online persistent survival games out there. The enviroment is so god damn good looking and well made, so detailed. The guns feel autentic, not arcade like in h1z1. And when the freaking mindblowing base building enters the game soon, it will be gooood. Im only 4 hours in but i think that i am hooked. If you like serious games with deep atmosphere, if you like stalking and creeping on others - this game is for you. I mean, you can actually hide really well in this game, you can actually sneak on others, just stalk them, prey on them. And looking badass while doing so. If your even remotely close to having good taste, buy it, period."
,Recommended,299740,30903024,Posted: 2 April,all,Beck,"Heart Attack Simulator 2017""Hi, are you friendly? I'm frien...""........Black screen......."
,Recommended,299740,30773338,Posted: 27 March,all,ChewBrakaBaak,"After playing this game on my own a month ago i didnt really think much of it,after an hour of playtime i had so much stuff and didnt find any players nor zombies. I thought this game was really empty so i kinda gave up on playing it after 2 more hours.Since a week ago i started playing the game again and i have to stay i am amazed by how much the game improved.I made enemies who just smacked me to death without even talking to me and i made awesome friends from the other side of the world!We started surviving together and walked all across the maps while getting attacked by wolves and getting chased by zombies. People tried to kill us but the bushes are so good in this game they couldnt find us in there!Graphics are amazing and i´m not even lagging a single bit.If you have money to spent and want to spent it on a good zombie/ survival game than this is the game to go.The developers are still busy with updating so who knows that might happen in the future!"
,Recommended,299740,19375999,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Andrzej Duda,"In my opinion one of the best survival games available at this moment. This game offered me something more than DayZ or H1Z1. DayZ is running simulator, you run across whole map, find some weapons, and get killed,  I am not suggesting it's not a good game, i have 400h in DayZ on my second account, but developers definetly need to add something new, like possibility of building, workshop, etc. H1Z1 - Honestly i expected more from this game. This game looks like simple FTP game, in which you can buy skins for clothes, or other things that will make you better than others. This game have nothing really to survival. Animations sucks, weapon models are worst i ever seen in any survival game, world is in 90% covered by forests, and graphics are also not that good. Miscreated - I didnt expected alot from this game, but this game suprised me. Graphics are amazing, its not simple running simulator in which you only get loot and get killed. Here in Miscreated you spawn, get your first weapon which is mostly G18, explore intresting world, and build a base. While walking on the Miscreated world im never bored, always something suprised me. Miscreated world looks amazing, this game just have its own unique atmosphere, every bullet is worth alot, sometimes worth more, than other players life.-------------------------------------------------------------------------What I do like in this game?-------------------------------------------------------------------------+ Unique atmosphere+ Weapon models+ Animations+ Sounds+ Locations+ Vechicles+ Melee/Ranged weapon types+ Graphics-------------------------------------------------------------------------What I do not like-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Well in my opinion there should be more Military type of clothes in game. (Helmets, Vests, Uniforms, Backpacks etc.)- Too much of mutants in cities, and they're too strong. (1-2 hits you bleeding, 3-4 hits you dead)-------------------------------------------------------------------------I highly recommend this game for people who are looking for something new."
,Recommended,299740,23078633,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dudeman Guyfella,"Miscreated is really coming into its own - I enjoy the gameplay each and every time I jump in, and the developers are constantly working on improvements.The environment art is top notch and feels really post apocalyptic, and creeping through cities looking for supplies to survive gets my heart beating!If you're okay with experiencing a game in development (bugs, potential delays, problems with gameplay) I encourage you to pick it up. If you'd rather wait for it to be complete, add this to your wishlist asap!"
76561198067835016,Recommended,299740,32073257,Posted: 30 May,all,Ridgez,Better than dayz
76561198184735939,Recommended,299740,21694359,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,skateknees,"Awesome game.  If you're playing solo, try to group up with people or else be a super ninja, cause you will run into them bandits.  They want what you have.  I've made some trades with people for ammo and things succesfully... And unsuccesfully... This game will make your heart race in those critical thinking moments for sure.Building is very fun, but you've got to go out looting for the Guides if you want more options for crafting. (you start with the basics)Just get it, its good now, and obviously getting better with the devs expanding with new ideas/locations and squashing those bugs.Pay them so they can work, and you can play.Good job guys.Ps. a lot of the bad reviews are from a long time ago and have nothing to do with the current state of the game.Edit:Patch 35 has added Weather Patterns.  Wow.  Everyone I've spoken to were pleasantly surprized.  Still getting better like I thought..  Gonna go work on base building, Bye."
76561198059888365,Recommended,299740,17479649,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Jim Stone,"There are a few other survival games (DayZ, H1Z1, etc.) that will be in early access for years. Those games will be completed and stay in early access. Miscreated is and feels like an early, early, access game. I think with time, if the devs keep up the pace, Miscreated can become the top zombie survival game in the genre. DayZ looks like it's on it's way out and H1Z1 is by Daybreak Games, which means their team will be working hard on EverQuestNext and not have the time to fix or finish H1Z1. Daybreak Games has already slowed/ stopped working on Landmark and it's still in Early Access. This is where Miscreated has a chance to step in and steal the spotlight. If the patches stay regular and the devs communicate with the playerbase like they have been, this will be the one and only zombie survival game."
,Recommended,299740,31151158,Posted: 15 April,all,Vuut,"It's A Wonderful game reallyIma make this review really useful and tell you how this game goesYou enter a simple screen letting you choose you player name and find a serverservers are not empty and have players playing.You spawn in a very optimized and beautiful world, a very green one and very fun to run inFood isnt rare and can be found in any normal houseDoesnt feel like a running simulator since there are towns and houses and stuff to explore always10 - 15 min you should find a weapon, but thats not that rare. Finding ammo for that weapon is rare ;)There are lots of clothes and cosmetics to find that can make you look intimidating and badass as f*ckThe mutants and the wolves arent a threat at all as you can see\hear them from a kilometer and avoid them easily ( most of the times)The real deal is the other players as it can get really tence and heart pounding when you know there is another dude with a gun in town.The guns are very nice and intresting but you will mostly encounter shotguns, pistols and a sniper.Fights are very scary as there are lots of objects, buildings, bushes and grass obstructing your view and that sh*ts scary when you know someone is around but you cant see him.Pros:Weapons are not hard to findYou will encounter atleast 2 or more survivors in 30 - 60 minlots of building and townstense and action packed gameplayCons:You die very very quickly if shotIts hard to make a car work as you need lots of partsYou have to be a douchbagHealth regenrates very very slowlyOverall its an amazing stressful, tense action packed open world survival game and definitely better then most of over games in its genre easy 8.5 \ 10Buy this, you will enjoy ;)"
,Not Recommended,299740,34911593,Posted: 12 September,all,Mongrel Senpai,">New Game>""Wow! Neat graphics!>Start scavenging nearby houses to find rags to make a backpack with>Avoid spoopy zombies>Made a backpack and found a Glock 9mm in an attic.>Rdy4anything>Get shot.>Die.>Lose everything. Respawn with nothing.Problem: Apparently no matter what server you log on, social trust is 100x worse than war-torn Somalia.Solution: Make PVP and PVE servers. And make different kinds of PvE servers.Another Idea: Make a Prison Rules PVP server type: There are 3 factions, and you can only attack other factions except your own, this allows PVP combat in the form of raiding parties against other factions. Something like this isn't hard to do. You guys did the bulk of the work of server design and programming.I only recommend this game if people who like to bring fists to a firing line."
76561198272664840,Recommended,299740,24679397,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Manek1,"So I've been thinking of buying DayZ or H1Z1 for quite sometime, but I just wasn't too impressed by their game engines and some of the game mechanics. Recently found out about Miscreated and started watching video and game play. Decided to go for it.I like ARK (xbox one player), but it's systems are too convoluted for me to just pick up and play in short bursts.Miscreated seems to a very underrated game. I do enjoy it much more than Ark.The game engine is fantastic and the graphics are top notch (GTX970+i7 6700k stock clocks = ~50fps max everything @2560x1080p).Looking at the update history shows that it gets regular updates.Inventory seems easy to manage. Wish the items auto stacked though (now available in latest build).Crafting system is easy to get into with a low learning curve.Have not tried base building yet.Gun play seems to be on point. On occasion I do not notice lag during shoot outs though with questionable hit boxes. (Devs are aware and looking into it)Melee combat could use some work.Not many gun options or gun customization yet. Enough to enjoy the game though (handguns, rifles, explosives, bolt action, etc are in the game).Weather system is amazing. Thunderstorms at night is something that really draws you in.Not much KOS going on so that's a plus.32 player count. Devs say this will expand as they open up more of the map.I hope they get more support from the community. $20 is a fair price for the content that is available in early access.I play on one of the official servers and it's usually in the 20-30 player count range.Graphics and art direction are WAY better than the stuff I've seen with DayZ and H1Z1."
76561198000959189,Recommended,299740,17341956,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,the process,"beautiful looking game with a new amazing freeform basebuilding system. My friends and I are addicted to this game, can't reccommend it enough!"
,Not Recommended,299740,19160876,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,BattleMedic,"Edit - 04/05/2015 - Having left this review for a solid time now, there's been many a large update to the game, and I'd like to say what they've put in that's made it better, yet I still have the exact same problem. From the recent reviews I can at least assume it's a smallish amount of the playerbase that has this problem. I cannot load into any servers, period, as such, it's still a negative review.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Unfortunately im gonna have to say you shouldn't buy this game.Does it have promise? Yes.Does it have good graphics at a fairly stable frame rate? Yes.It's competition for other survival games, and a decent one at that.The big problem is it's seemingly unplayable for a very high percent of people. Unfortunately many, many folks are unable to connect to any servers, and this is a known problem. From last December, something which means you cannot play it, you cannot even bug-test (after all this is early access, you pay to help test it, etc)Staff and Developers were on it for a good while, the forum thread in which they go through this problem has been updated for about 4 months, then it went dead, completly. People are still posting on it (Last post was about 2 months ago), yet there has been no responses at all from Devs, apart from ""We've fixed X amount of Y, X amount of Z, and X amount of Q, without really detailing how, and giving no more response.So while it has promise, I can't recommend something that is literally broken for so many people."
,Recommended,299740,32952905,Posted: 28 June,all,Porkinator,Highly reccomend if you like DayZ or Rust. It has the feel of a hardcore DayZ survivial with just enough of Ruust mixed  in.Would Reccomend
,Recommended,299740,14666781,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,A.O.D (QW97),"Well, this is one of those 'damned if I do, damned if I dont' reviews..I'm sure many will disagree with me on this but here's what I think..It's not Dayz.. (it's Dayz for the arcade set).We are in an age of zombie chic, there's so many zombie/mutant titles right now and it depends on what you think of the genere and what you want out of it that will determine what you choose to play. This game undoubtedly has some nice visuals but some fairly lame character modelling.It's got lots of the right types of locations, but somehow they just dont feel.. real. I meet another player and my senses go into 'arcade mode' it doesn't really matter, I don't feel threatened and I don't really know why.And then there's the user base.. ""hello?""............ no one home.Thirty or forty players accross 20 or 30 servers? I really want to like this game and I genuinely hope it becomes a really good game that will grow a large player base. But I'm sorry, if you want realism, tension and lots more variety and customisation to your survival experience then head to Dayz. It's the daddy of the survival/zombie genere and I don't see it being bettered, possibly ever!Would I recommend it, I'm going to say yes, but only for the curiosity factor and for the casual survivor. But for the hard core or the realists.. no."
76561197971506802,Recommended,299740,34459058,Posted: 24 August,all,Punani,"Pro's- Good graphics- Great atmosphere. Especially the detail in the towns and inside houses/buildings- Various weapons, clothing options and driveable cars, tractors and trucks- BasebuildingCons- Some parts of the map lack detail and look very bland.- Floating bases- Survival is non existent. Food and drinks is in every house and weather effects have no effect on you. There is sickness but it rarely is a problem, if it happens, which is even more rare.- Very limited storage in basesConclusion:Are you looking for a survival game? Then skip this one, at least for now. Currently the game is more like a Battle Royal game in a consistent world. You spawn, with some luck you find a shotgun within 10 minutes and blast a guy that has better gear then you.But this is not necessarily bad. I had a lot of enjoyment with scavenging the gorgeous looking towns, stalking people, talking with people and of course shooting other geared players on moments they never saw it coming. Because of the permanent death the tension and excitement is always high in the game.The developers have stated that they want to improve on the survival aspect and fix floating bases. So far this is not the case but I remain optimistic that this will change. They usually patch around the five weeks but the patches are not necessarily big but always very welcome. Usually it has some fixes, a new weapon, clothing or some nice additions to the game world such as more detailed trucks or a brand new enterable building.For its price it is definitely worth it. Just don't expect a real survival game at this moment"
,Recommended,299740,24194387,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SwangZ,Pros:Good gameCons:Bad Rep
,Recommended,299740,22179034,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,robo niqqer,"I played dayz sa for a long time, but this game is so much more active and complete. If you are looking for a pvp, base building, zombie survival, open world, and clans then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,299740,19158745,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Marv Merchants,"I've read through all these other garbage ♥♥♥♥ing reviews and these people have no idea what they are even talking about. The game is actually great and while it definitely has it's downsides, those will be fixed in the next update hopefully. No other game can come even close to matching Miscreateds environment, every location in this game is beauitful and it actually feels apocalyptic. The basebuilding is freeform and doesn't force you to build on plots (looking at you Just Survive), while it can be a bit slow crafting it all it definitely looks nice in the end. You are limited to two storage boxes in the game which does lead to vehicle hoarding at some points but I still find vehicles around the map. The biggest downside to the game at the moment is the floating bases, which they have already shown on twitter that they have a fix in progress for it. The game is worth more than 20$ and it constantly goes on sale for 10$, if you are wanting to wait for the update to fix the bases than wishlist the game and pay attention to the reddit or follow Terry Evans on twitter as the update should be released soon. It's pathetic that all these garbage♥♥♥♥♥reviews are making the game have a mixed rating."
76561198214139216,Recommended,299740,32212982,Posted: 5 June,all,grouch115,probably the best early access survival game out there very good graphics way more stable than other games of the same genre and one of the best gaming communities to boot.
76561197993289615,Recommended,299740,16141603,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FatherMaguire,"I put about 100 hours into DayZ SA before I started to get bored and began looking for something else, I looked for a while at H1Z1 but decided it probably wasn't for me, I then stumbled upon Miscreated. I watched a developer stream featuring it and asked some questions to which were answered, i'd bought a copy before I left that stream and haven't looked back. The graphics are better, the server stability is very good even on the high ping servers they still run smooth. The personal touch by the developers in this game is truly amazing, there is nearly always one of the developers themselves or people close to them watching the streams of Miscreated. They are a small team spread all across the world and the game they have made will be huge. Base building soon to be added and Battle Royale planned for the future. I cannot recommend this game enough to people at the price its at this game is absolute bargain. Best £14 i've ever spent, I been playing it for a couple of months now and already passed 250 hours. If you haven't seen it you must. Run on Cry Engine 3, this blows away the others."
,Recommended,299740,16907227,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GrimmyShots,"As the other big survival game is getting more and more buggy every update it gets, I went looking into some other game looking similar like it.My eye came across Miscreated.Build on the cryengine, basic/hardcore surival, lone ranger or team up..It got me hooked eversince I started to play it about 1.5 week ago.Mechanics need a bit of polishing, sure.. so does the graphics quality (draw distance could be better) but that is all going to be taken care of by the devs.I think this game needs more backup from the community, get the word out there and get more people to play and fill the servers :) .Anywho.... I like it, I like it allot... almost no KOS, almost no d-sync, pretty steady 60FPS because of the cry-engine from crytek ( wich gives epic lighting effects and water effects)I can recommend this game to anyone who likes the survival - horror genre."
,Recommended,299740,15150314,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Donnie_Plays,"Things that happen in this open world game...**  The first day I played, I met a group of three guys. They let me join them. Right after we were attacked by a small group of zombies/mutants. During the confusion of us all running around we realized that one of the three guys I was with had been killed. For some reason, they assumed I did it, even though I didn't. One of the guys opened fire on me. I quickly killed him with my shotgun. I spoke to the third and last guy... warning him that I had no intention to harm anyone. He backed away into the woods. The thrill I felt as I quietly walked away from the screwed up situation alive... is amazing.**  Yesterday a friend and myself were hunted by two guys on a four wheeler who had a ton of weapons. They killed my friend. I managed to chase one off and have no idea what happened to the other one. Somehow I've never been killed by anyone. Yet I've seen several people die on this game. Why am I still here?This game is just beautiful. It looks great. The environments are awesome. Basebuilding has been implemented, but I believe the crate system has not been finished yet.My only complaint at this point are the mutant zombies. I just do not like the way they look. I'm pretty sure this will be improved in time."
76561198162637365,Recommended,299740,23594784,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,CJ ✌,"Miscreated is a beautiful game. My play style in an open world game is typically as a wandering explorer. The map really sets the atmosphere of the game and there is a ton of detail. All the basic game mechanics work but there are some rough edges. I've had this game since it came out but honestly only started playing it to any extent after the latest patch, #35. In this update they added weather effects which are very well done. I look forward to having more survival mechanics such as hunting and cooking. The game is even more greater fun if you play as group  .Overall I would reccomend this game if you are a fan of the genre and enjoy immersing yourself in a game environment. Bear in mind the early access status of the title. I Myself would rate this game 9 out 10 as it's well worth the buy and bear in mind i think only 12 Devs are working on this game at the moment.."
,Recommended,299740,24038748,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sleepy,Honestly.I've seen some gameplay from the past of this game and wasn't satisfied.These Patches that are happening really improved the game!I am 100% satisfied with my purchase.Extremely fun Solo & with Friends!I recommend purchasing this game ASAP!!
76561197969801512,Recommended,299740,12769055,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RedQueen,"edit:  So, it's been about 8 weeks since I purchased this game and frankly I feel I have to change my opinion to ""mixed"" at this point.  It's clear, in retrospect, that the devs, of which this is a small, sorta rag-tag bunch (not trying to disparage them, it's just that they are a small team that works remotely) released this game way before they should have.  The network issues were so bad at launch that they completely overwhelmed content and art development and are STILL being worked on nearly two months later.It is what it is.  I hope to come back to this game in 6 months or even a year and really enjoy it, but right now the servers are dead, there has been zero new gameplay added since launch outside of a few items, and the immediate roadmap is still stuck on ""fix the networking issues"".I still recommend the game, but at this point, I'd also recommend holding off if you haven't purchased and checking back this summer.The good:graphics (cryengine 3, 'nuff said, textures could use some work but not bad for pre-alpha)combat (for an early alpha hand to hand is pretty fun, hit boxes need som adjusting though)atmosphere (sounds are good for pre alpha and so is the map)the bad:bad lag at times that impacts gameplay (rubber banding, teleporting)gameplay (dynamic loot spawn needs a lot of work.  there just isn't much around and there are so many times you think something is loot (say a metal bar to use as a weapon) and instead it's just nothing.  There is literally nothing to do other than gather loot but in my 4 hours (on a 20 pop server) all I found was a hammer, a couple beanies, some ammo and some food.  Apparently there was a bug last night that was spawning guns under stuff so they couldn't be seen)lack of voice chat (they are working on it, and it might even be in by the time I post this, but as of last night it wasn't working).Summary:This game is over priced at $25 for a pre-alpha.  Seems more a tech demo than anything but the basic mechanics are there and it just needs a lot of content and bug fixing to make it worth $25.That said, I bought it fully knowing all that and I don't regret it.  This game has a lot of potential and the devs seem committed to seeing it through.  If you like games in this style I'd recommend waiting but if you don't mind overpaying a bit and a lack of real content (pretty much my attitude) then go ahead, pick it up."
,Recommended,299740,23601003,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Old Peculier,built my pc for Dayz but as soon as i got this it was never played again for me miscreated is one of the best games i have played on pc sonce i built it i recommend it to everyone.
76561198047352739,Recommended,299740,16889201,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,hificolossi,"Best survivor game out there! Also no EA game out right now has as much polish and optimization!Hello my name is MrDocCutty im a simple trader who is friendly unless provoked!Today something incredible happend that changed my life! i was looting in the barracks of the military base when i heard a voice shout ""THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS AND COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!""I thought to myself ???There isnt any animation or key bind for that action yet! But i quickly responded, ""Oh Oh ok im just a simple trader i mean no one any harm sir."" they shouted back ""WE DONT GIVE A ♥♥♥♥! THROW DOWN YOUR PISTOL AND COME OUT BACKWARDS SLOWLY OR WE WILL SHOOT! Now im worried because i roll play a very kind friendly trader who helps newbies with food loot and gear! what i did next had to be done! I quickly ran upstairs because i know this game very well, i knew the upstairs windows are opened half way and it will be a great vantage point! So i get into 3rd person and i look around and i spot two men in the bushes outside the door with an asualt rifle and a shotgun and the third man by the stairs with a 22 rifle! i yell back to them, ""OK..Im going to come out but please dont kill me ill do as you wish! They laugh openly and say ""Good now hurry it up!"" little did they know i had my pistol aimed at them so i took my shot killing the first guy in the bush with a head shot! he fell down dead the other two started to fire random shots into the building so i took out the second man with a head shot ! the third man wanted to end me pretty quickly so he ran upstairs to find me but a sniper never stays in that position once he fires so i went into the other room to hide! he is looking around and i quickly run downstairs to loot the two dead bodies and i get shot at ! i only have time to take his rugged pack and i start to head for the ocean knowing its a great place to hide! he must have wasted 45 bullets trying to hit me but my quick thinking and zig zag motions proved to save my life ! fast forward one hour and thirty mins that man went and got 11 other players to begin hunting me down openly in chat they were taunting me as i was trying to let them know i did what i had to to survive they started calling me wayne gracie the serial killer which offended me beacause i am a simple trader!So i took it upon myself to hunt each one down till all 11 were dead! Mind you all i had was two clips of pistol ammo and two boxes of shotgun ammo and my food was running out! Long story longer i ended up killing seven men in the office buildings they werent to smart being in one main room talking over mic then i took out the man who mugged me and since then for the last three days on that server they hunt me because one man took out 11 ! Dont mess with MrDocCutty!10/10 would be hunted again : )"
76561198109851848,Recommended,299740,22745331,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Roll,"One of the bast RPG games I have played. Intense graphics and very real life play. Have to play a few days to get used to what you're doing or find a team but once you do you are in for a thrill. This game is harder than average because it really adds a reality feel to it in a post appocolyptic setting. Intense weather, monsters lurking, and other players ambushing or wanting to join. Limited carry space adds more of harder aspect than other games. If you like post appocolyptic games that add a real feel and difficult play then this is it. For newbies again don't get frustrated, keep trying. I died 4 times my first day. Now I have a growing base and an epic team! Don't expect to survive long on your first few tries and don't give up."
,Recommended,299740,15823040,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nexus,"The tension was palpable, looting houses in the dark and trying to avoid the zombie down the street. I found myself in an abandoned town, a motorcycle helmet on my head and a wasteland .22 slung on my back. Managed to survive through to morning where eager to explore the lands faster than on foot, I set down to repairing  a broken pickup truck.Every now and then I would check the server list. A few other people on which only made the tension worse - Playing almost nothing but Rust for the last year and a half has left me wary of my fellow man, so I opted to leave the torch stowed in my knapsack.That day was spent looting nearby buildings looking for the last piece of the puzzle, Diesel fuel. Sadly, I had not found any by the time I needed to log out, so finding a nook to log out, and not knowing whether I actually needed to hide before logging out, I logged out.Early access being what it is, I enjoyed the game in its current state, no bugs were noted and game play was smooth - very promising I think and will only be more enjoyable when you are trying to find that elusive ♥♥♥♥ing fuel while your mate guards the pickup truck from other people with the same ideas as you...."
,Recommended,299740,12790520,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Alamist,"TL;DR for the below review: Overall a game with much potential (like many early access games) and I can see it being up there with DayZ and Rust playerbase-wise. Despite giving it a 6.5/10 in it's current state, I would still recommend buying it if you are interested in early access games and can understand that the game IS broken and is not a polished AAA title.REVIEW:This game is off to a good start so far, but is obviously lacking content as it is in a pre-alpha stage.Initially, I bought this game through the conbined persuasion of a friend and of the beautiful map it produces running on the CryEngine 3.It took some time, but after a half an hour or so of wandering the beautiful map, I managed to find food, a gun, ammo, and some clothing. Setting myself up for my journey to meet with my friend. Along the way, we encountered unfriendly players (who we killed), Bambi's (literal deer. not freshies [We did meet freshies too, though]) and needle-armed mutants we've come to call Narwhals.In my honest opinion, this game has a much better pre-alpha than DayZ Standalone did, and has just as much potential. In their current respective states, DayZ Standalone still wins, but I will continue to watch this game and I look foreward to observing it progress."
76561198115738659,Recommended,299740,23977236,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cheese,"Excellent game that just got even better with the latest patch. Love everything about the Dev Team, got nothing but great things to say about them; quick responses, listens to our wants and needs and just overall great bunch of nerds10/10P.S. recommended to my clan and most either have it or just bought it"
,Recommended,299740,17592568,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ReflKnight,*Got in*Player ran up to me while I was checking settings*Didn't shot me on sight*Offered to go to the army base where we could find cool guns*Russians joined the chat and confirmed that it was completely safe to come to the army base and that they were waiting for us.*Denied the request*Guy gave me his hat and went to make new friends*Found a town*Met another guy*He tried to kill me with a bat for 10 min while I kept asking him to stop*Took out a knife and began stabbing his rare*He ran from me for 5min*His friend has a terrible aim with a shotgun from close range.*Dude shot a friend while aiming at me*I stabbed the trigger-happy guy to death*Got awesome loot from both of them*Told myself that it was the best game ever*A deer suddently ran at me*Had to wait 15 seconds until I could respawn10/10 Would refuse to go to the army base where Russians are having a party with a friendly person again
,Recommended,299740,16695764,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TekksTV,"If you want a Amazing time with your friends or even by yourself, and love walking through a beautiful world while trying to survive from mutants and other people this is the game for you. This game has Amazing Graphics, Runs at very smooth fps usually at 50 fps all the time and in town i get 50 fps i have put over 120 hrs in this game and plan on doing 100's more i love this game and know that if you just give it a shot you will too! MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,299740,21569873,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rich,Excellent DAYZ alternative with a solid dev team and regular updates. Well worth a try if you're thinking about it.
,Recommended,299740,22581621,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,noXide,"The Game is definitely buggy, I wont say it isnt.But it is completely 100% worth it when 50% off. No doubt about it.The devs are very open about what they want to do with this game and whats to come in the near future, they even do streams on twitch showing off what they have been working on and keeps their playerbase in the know.If you have 1 or 2 freinds to play with i suggest you give it a shot and play for 1.5 hours than refund if you dont like it.Full review might come once I hit the 100 hour mark."
,Recommended,299740,31940469,Posted: 24 May,all,Rhødødactylus,"The game is really fun to play. Graphics look nice, gameplay is interesting. Unfortunatelly it gets boring after few hours and finding your friends on a server might take a while. Yet compared to other early access games, it seems to be very good once it's finished."
,Recommended,299740,14292140,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Red Smile,"Gonna keep it short & sweet :   Devs are great, updates regularly. For early access this is a beautiful game, more so than dayz or any of the others.  This game has more potential than the aforementioned games as well. If there is one game i would urge you to support for early access this is the one.  It litterally will only get better.  The graphics to the features, controls once you get them down, just amazing.  80 percent of early access games are a gamble.  If you are looking at this one, I would highly recomment it.  If you enjoy gaming with friends, spread the word, as this game is tremendously fun, exciting and overall, amazing for its current state.     If you play, or are thinking of getting it, add me because this is one game that I was very impressed by, and I'm actually  very critical, however this one deff made the cut.    Support ! Buy ! Play !     a solid  8/10  as of 2/2/15."
,Recommended,299740,22504754,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Tony Tontelotti,"Second Time, i'm writing a short Review of Miscreated. First Time (back in October 2015) they had some troubles with servers but it's fixed long time ago.A lot of things happend and this game makes some huge steps forward. Graphics are really nice, crafting and base building getting way better than expected and besides the cars and trucks, you will find some bicycles here and there (tour de zombies, anoyone?). You will find some decent loot pretty fast and if you're lucky, meeting friendly players.It's also possible to rent your own server and modify weather, daytime (24h daylight) and such other things. This gave Miscreated a little boost of new players and some of those servers are always very active. If you want to play PVE only, there are some servers, too. Played now over 100 Hours, never met a Hacker or cheater till today.So what's missing? You! Not joking, this game needs more players and devs really deserved it. Yes, still Early Access but runs very stable and i enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,299740,12952646,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Drewbie,"At this point the game is very small, but still the core really shines through the attention to detail is just amazing.I am highly impressed by this developing, and I don't care if the map is this small when they have been paying so much attention to the detail to make it feel like a post apocalyptic world.I would say this project is worth supporting and the gameplay is good but the cryengine 3 is what sold me here.THUMBS UPP!"
,Recommended,299740,23961007,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ryvuhl,The most underrated apocalyptic survival game.Deserves way more credit than it gets.
,Recommended,299740,21355028,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,FatPleb,"Literally, the. most. underrated. zombie. survival. games. EVER! Sure I might not have many hours on this, but thats because i bought it ages ago, and it was crap at the start. I know people usually aren't giving new Zombie Survival games a second look, but this isn't new it's been around for a while. It performs better then DayZ, looks better, and is so much more fun! This game is still being worked on and updated, im subscribed to Entrada Interactive on YouTube and you can see how far it has come!I highly recommend this game. Especially right now while it's on sale, grab it quick for $10.00 off!"
76561198005321142,Recommended,299740,21355150,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Federz,"I have no idea why this has a 'mixed' review! It doesn't deserve it at all!This game is the most underrated survival game out there. Comparing this to DayZ Standalone this is far better in regards to optimization, graphics, content and sound design. The devs actually care about their game and make this a truly enjoyable experience. For price, as it is now on sale, BUY IT.If your considering buying DayZ Standalone or this then buy this. This has way more potential and is far more enjoyable. Happy human hunting!"
76561198151360915,Recommended,299740,27362276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KevVader,"Miscreated is an Awesome game that I highly recommend. The developers of this game really care about us the players and the game. It shows by the beautiful enviorment, the updates that are often and a very active forums. The  wonderful community is another plus.Miscreated is worth the money.My honest opinion when you buy this game you won't be disapointed. I have many hours in this game and still enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,299740,18636242,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Alderam,"Got into server.Spawned in.Looted for 30 minutes.Found quite a lot of stuff.Tried chat.Some guy doiten answered.We met near big rusty bridge.Exchanged weapons and ammo - trust issues gone!Tried voice chat - worked.Talking and figuring where to go next.Moments of ""where the ♥♥♥♥ are we"".Found out the name of the town we were in.Doiten found some map drawn by some kid :DManaged to find out where we are and where to go.Went to airfeald to look for a car.15 minutes of walking, talking and trying to get in some base.After few moments where my mic betrayed me and let out some not understandable words, we got to airfeald.I saw someone sneaking in a building.Voice chat betrayed me as i told Doiten i saw someone.That someone heard it.Next moment i tried to persuade him with legendary : FRIENDLY !He started shootingI yelled : GUESS NOT!He yelled: NO!I was shootingDoiten was shootingThat guy was shooting♥♥♥♥in lags!We died.6/6 Bullets wouldnt hit again!Stalked doiten and found his profile.He was creeped out. Still accepted my inv.10/10 would stalk again."
76561198125095699,Recommended,299740,30368542,Posted: 6 March,all,Gibbz,"MiscreatedPeople may say this game is broken, boring, and ""miscreated"" but it's non of those. The game is quite beautiful and if you run away from the towns and city you can find the thick forests. The AI isn't the best but the mutants arn't the main obstacle you should be scared of. There's hunger, wolves, and other players. I am a big TWD fan and love the survival aspect, killing and looting others and the thought of raiding ones home and scavenging items (not that I do that on normal basis). The game is still quite difficult for my friend and I and I'm still learning the pvp. Finding cars and weapons can be difficult and trying to store all your items under 40 kg is challenging. Overall the game has it's flaws but if you look at them hard enough, you can laugh at them play the wonderful and fun game thatmiscreated offers.8/10play with a friend"
,Recommended,299740,22552048,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,itsalifestylee,"This game is really fun. I'm surprised of the ""mix reviews"" and the fact that not many people play this (Don't worry some servers all near maxed). I took at chance even after reading those reviews but obviously some major changes happened because idk what the hell the neg reviews are talking about ha.Pro's:Beautiful game. The graphics blow dayz/h1z1 away.Mechanics are smoothSimilarity to Dayz with looting/searchingSimilarity to h1z1 with craftingAlmost all people i've met are friendlyYour food and water doesn't get drained so fast like it does in other games so as long as you pay attention to it you'll be okay.The flashlight reminds me of a horror survival game, its extremely useful and at night you definetly need it.The night time itself is awesome. Really brings the creepyness to the game.Cons:Day/night shift. It was day time when i logged on and within 30 mins it was night and stayed night for literally 4 hours. I fell asleep after that it could still be night lol.You press 1,2,3 for your weapons but some weapons cant freely float from 1,2 or 3, but can only be assigned to 1 or 2 but not 3.The mutant AI sometimes glitches outTLDR;This game is sick, and definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,299740,12907987,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,flipnugs,"Playing this game in its earliest stages has lead me to believe this game is going to be amazing & it can only get better.In my journies I have realized one thing though, there is no humanity left. Im sure the more friendly nature of the game will sprout when more actions are available: hand gestures, voip, etc. But for now it is a ruthless survival of the fittest gritty open world mmo and I cant get enough. Very excited to see where this game goes and to be appart of its early development! I highly recommend grabbing this game asap!"
76561198103645619,Recommended,299740,25746268,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,drunkpyro,so this is my experience of miscreated.....I ran into a youtuber/twitch steamer named Mr. moon. Mr.Moon took my friend and I hostage... then he killed my friend and told me to get new friends.After that I drove off to the distance. I hid my car and never played the game ever since.
76561198093762666,Recommended,299740,14017594,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,William Fucking Wallace,"This game is still early access so you can't expect too much, it's pretty much beta testing but in a fun way. The drill armed zombies I'm not really a fan of because they are extremely tough unless you have a gun and the way they look is just weird and there is no variety. However, these zombies do make it fun and add a sense of danger. Me and my friend grouped up and we were soon chased by 8 zombies we ran towards a bridge and jumped off into the water making a cinematic getaway lol. There are also a lack of items but enough for a game in early access, a bunch of clothing and melee weapons and 2 guns as well as numerous food and drinks. The only thing that they really need to fix is the optimization. I have a 3.5ghz processor and 6gb of RAM and 1gb of VRAM. That's enough to run the huge game of DayZ but I can only run this on low at 1366 by 768. This is the only game in my library that I've had trouble running, if anybody has suggestions or tips to boost my frames message me because I love this game!"
76561198013403808,Recommended,299740,23388938,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Simsimma,Wonderfull game- Basebuilding is great fun- pvp is intenseOnly demotivating is the rare-lootsystem.I think it would be even more fun when u find usefull things faster. so u dont have to feel that sad when u die.Over all ...awesome weather... creepy nights...jumpscaring situations... nice shootouts... bloody fistsfights...all a gamer could want
,Recommended,299740,29359085,Posted: 19 January,all,Great Wall,"So far this game is doing very well as a early access title. It has always been beautiful, and now they have some basic survival systems working ready to be expanded upon.Their state of the game for 2017 will make it one of the best multiplayer survival games around. We'll see how it goes, but it's already better than most ea titles."
,Not Recommended,299740,12745591,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"Update (Sept 2016):Years pass but there's still nothing to do in this ""game"". It's empty, lifeless and not fun. Nothing has changed pretty much. No point in playing this game. At all. Don't waste years waiting for this nonsense to become a game. It is nothing more than an engine demo.Old review (Nov 2014):It is really hard to say what is this game supposed to be. Right now there is absolutely no point in playing it.We have yet to see what ideas developers are about to present to us in this game. Now it's just another DayZ like it was a year ago. You run around, hit people in a face. Sometimes you find a can of beans or soda.Resume: give it a year or two and then check back again."
76561198174941095,Recommended,299740,21945564,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ElPetLamb,"Excellent game! I have no idea why the reviews are ""mixed!""."
,Recommended,299740,14344793,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,thin,"I'm gonna go ahead and write a review on my opinion of this early access game.It is one of my favorite Early Access games to this date (2/05/15)The Gameplay is mostly layed back and the graphics are improving more and more with each update. It also has a great Dev Team behind it that is constantly working on updates and working with the community. This shows that the game will soon be out of Alpha and on its way to the big leagues.I enjoy the rush from ""interactions"" with other players and this game is perfect for that. The newly added military base has brought tons of action to my nights of playing and It just makes the game that much better. The guns aren't all super accurate so it helps or destroys gunfights. Also makes it hard for me to just chill up on the mountain overwatching places and snipe random Bambis to be the evil man I am.With the new VOIP added last patch as of today (2/05/15), It makes player interactions alot easier to see who is friendly and who is not, but this also adds to the game of getting large groups together and then slowly slaughtering them one by one and just blame it on ""the guy in the mountains""Anyways,Gameplay is fantastic if you are into the whole loot up and then have fun for a bit and maybe die a couple times in between.Graphics are decently well done, they have removed most of the grass from the CryEngine so the game will run alot smoother on most lower end pc's.The sound quality is alright so far and I'm sure they have plans for improving it in the future. Ambient sounds can be a bit buggy. You can hear most people around you, and even scare yourself when you think you hear someone but you are really just crouched and turning to different positions(which makes walking noises)I almost forgot about the mutants, boy do I hate those things, but I haven't seen them much as I have been stuck to the Military Base, but those suckers are real game breakers when you have no loot + they chase deer.Their is also some easter egg behind the game, because just below Factories/Woodhaven, there is a giant body(or the lower half of it) sticking out of rubble in a drainage pipe. So Mysteries would be 10/10.Can't wait for future updates as I love the game so far.That is my review on Miscreated,Thin"
,Recommended,299740,26438423,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Man Can Never Be Hot,VERY NICE!
76561197965315351,Recommended,299740,18460775,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mister2You,"Definately a work in progress.  But, keeping my fingers crossed, it will be an awesome game.  If you don't want to be bothered with glitches and bugs while in ""Alpha"" stage, stay away at all costs this game will make you nuts.  However even with that being said a very fun game with lots of potential."
76561198049017171,Recommended,299740,28988665,Posted: 3 January,all,OrosRS,"Comparing H1Z1, DayZ, The Forest, etc, etc, etc, (don’t own any of them, played them all for at least 50hrs, and would NOT SPEND A DIME on any of them). This is the best of them and time will confirm this, unless is a very well planned fraud on the development team side.PROS:VERY STABLE AND HIGH PERFORMANCE for an early alpha.Continuous PATCHING and development that continues going forward, not backwards like H1Z1 or just a big stalemate ""promised land"" mess MONEY COW like DayZ.LOTS of populated good performing servers WORLD AROUND.A BIG and very interesting mix of a growing PLAYER BASE (survivalist, warriors, tourists, adrenaline junkies, recon elements, base builders, etc, etc, etc).LOTS OF POTENTIAL in an EXCELLENT and proven game engine.A public ROADMAP from the developersCONS:BASE FLOATINGNOT being able to control and modify game assets unlike the mine on The Shire Ravine (houses, buildings, some caves, etc)The ability to have a mobile camp on demand (this limited tent availability I hope is fixed down the road) to survive more away from the main base, its probably the most coveted item on the game right now, and a must have to be able to survive the elements away from home.More storage, Duffelbags are great storage, they should be able to be ""placed"" at least ONE per base so we can go out with a smaller backpack, also the option to store this smaller pack empty on a crate so we can have a complete customisable matching gear for the specific out of base activities which require different camo and low profile gear.A fix to the weapons and other items carried by players, sometimes you dont carry a rifle or bat or axe, again for low profile, but the game keeps this items visible on your caracter, also its misleading if you find someone that looks like he is carrying this gear but at the end, they dont.FINAL WORDSJust to end my review, this is a FREEPLAY style game, YOU can do WHAT EVER YOU WANT, be a psycho KOS cold hearted KILLER, a shadow SURVIVALIST, a son to learn a lot of TOLERANCE FOR FRUSTATION ""little house on the prairie"" builder, a social leader guiding your meager flock of sheep, a National Geographic wannabe reporter. a TOURIST, a COMPLETELY LOST BAMBI that would not survive a day in the wilderness even without ""stupid wildlife"", mutants included, or a Homo Sapiens Virtualis ETHOLOGYST, like me, that loves to study human behavior without social or conventional constraints (eavesdropping on the wild and on the RADIO and OBSERVATION without interaction).GEAR ADDONSRight NOW, I just need some BINOCULARS added to the gear available or using the scope on its own (holding it without the rifle would be a quick fix, the rifle barrel has its concealment limitations) and AUTO FREQUENCY ACTIVITY SCAN for the radio, that’s it.CYA ON THE FIELD MOFOS ITS A GREAT GAME...!!!"
,Recommended,299740,29901753,Posted: 13 February,all,♣ Wayfarer,"Hello. For an Early Access Game it has great graphics, a lot of activities to do and the sets you in a gloomy mood when exploring the Orca Island.Pros:- The concept of survival is real in this game, if you are out of resources, you die and you can't come back :) Once you die, your character cannot be brought back to life.- Game loadings are fast. I didn't encounter any neverending loading screen.- Game menu is simple and easy to use. Allowing you to optimize your sound, video, input options from Settings.- Customizable Keybindings from the Menu ( very helpful for a lot of players that want to have the same keybindings as they have in others games, as an example the inventory in this game is on ""G"". Normaly inventory would be on ""I"" or ""C""- There are plenty servers to choose from ( Official Miscreated servers or Community Servers )- Spawning on map -> It is random generated in a couple of locations close to cities- Map orientation is based on Road Sings which leads you to towns and areas to explore (at first I was very confused where to go, but the road signs helped me a lot ) - Also you can find the map on Community Discussions area- HUD is looks clean and it displays the important character bars/debuffs such as life, food necessity, water necessity, etc debuffs: bleeding effects, radiation- The feature for First Person to Third Person view is amazing, brings you a little joy that you can see who exactly you are playing with :)- Crafting (bandages, buildings, traps, bags, weapons, arrows etc )- Gathering tools for crafting materials such ase Axe, Pickaxe, Hammer (Wood, rock, metal) that can be used in combat and the Axe hurts a lot :)- Weapons for various types(guns, assault rifles, sniper, knifes, bat, etc) but the amazing part is when you can craft a weapon into a better one such as  ""A bat with nails and a spinning saw pinned in the head of the bat""- Enemies of various types ( zombies, muscular zombie, hulk zombie, 2 headed dogs, wolfs and obviously PLAYERS ! ) watchout, players are not friendly ... or most of them aren't so be careful, I got killed 4 times before I understood- The map is great and has both ocean and mountains enviornaments, with beautiful views and areas to explore by foot or via a transport vehicle ( bike, car ) at least that is what I've seen so far.  But be aware when exploring, you might encounter enemies anywhere.- You can have your own base by bulding it.- Option to join a clan and have trusted players to play with- Inventory is intuitive and easy to understand. I like the fact that you have maximum of 40KG that you can hold and items that you pick up have a specific ammount KG. You cannot pass 40KG and move slower, but it will display a message in chat that you cannot carry any more weight.- Movement seems easy, is nice that you can peek,lean on a corner, jump, crouch + FREE look if you press ALT- You can also power up generatos in towns to start the lights on the streets, its really cool :DCons:- I created a backpack, I added some items in it to lose some weight and left the backpack on the floor where I was building my base. 5 minutes later the backpack was gone- Building a base takes a lot of time due to the fact that there is no automatation made in crafting to craft multiple items of the same type by a click. Like you need 7 logs for A wall and you must click for each craft ... 7 clicks for mats + 1 more for wall- Bikes are really aweful to control, you can paddle without problem if there are no obstacles at all but If you run into an object with your bike, is gonna take some time for you to unstuck it because back-paddling is very very veeeeeery slow.- Guns pass through objects ...  missing collision with some objects for example: walls in houses/windows ... when you search in a house try to have your gun down or you risk to give your position to other players in the area if they are around and easier for them to spot and kill you after or even come after you in your scavaging hunt.- Monsters are easy to to kill and not that many. Hulks are easily killed by ramming a car in them and the pack of wolfs are ferocious but engaged by 2 players they are zero"
,Recommended,299740,12816427,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mr. Tumnus,"Graphics are great, gameplay is smooth only problem it has at the moment is lack of content. Lets just hope the developers don't ♥♥♥♥ this one over like all those other survival games by not updating it for months or just terrible ideas and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t promises."
,Recommended,299740,29726171,Posted: 5 February,all,scoober☹,"I've had more fun with this game than DayZ and I think that says quite a bit. Unfortunately this game has been in development and early access for sometime and that's always something to be wary of but I'm quite comfortable with the state of the game as is (I bought this game in mid-December 2016). The map isn't ridiculously huge so it's not just a hiking simulator, and gear and equipment is relatively easy to find. And its also pretty easy to get a vehicle going, just have to look around the town you're in pretty good and you can almost always find everything you need. This does make the game a little more fast paced than DayZ but in my opinion that's a good thing since your death won't always feel like a massive blow and you won't have to go on yet another massive expedition to re-gear.Graphics are pretty good (game runs on cryengine) and the atmosphere is nice. Night is really ♥♥♥♥ing dark and there is a fog that comes in time to time that really limits your vision. Field of view is locked to 55 (:vomit:) but you can go into the game's folder and edit this in the system file. Also when I am exploring new areas my FPS drops to like 15 (I have a GTX 980), but when I go back to previously loaded areas I get around 60-80 FPS.A big complaint that I have with this game is that currently there is a game-breaking bug where if someone pulls out a gun and sprints, there is a chance that other players around will hear a gunshot from that weapon. It is especially bad if you are in a group of people because you will not really be able to tell from glitch gunshots to actual ones. Fall damage is also pretty high and there are issues with duplication of items. Bases are easy to get into if you have an axe and are willing to spare 10~ minutes breaking down a wall (though there might be another wall). And just like any other survival PvP game, be prepared to die a lot! But as I said before the map is not gigantic and gear is easy to get.Also another thing to be aware of is that you CANNOT PRONE in this game. This is a big counter to bush wookies but there are some times when I'm wishing I could. This really all depends on your playstyle however.I do very much recommend this game but bear in mind the survival aspect is really only limited to finding food and drink and not dying in PvP. However, wait to buy this game on sale because it'll really feel like you got an amazing deal."
76561198003741135,Recommended,299740,24188209,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tokker,"Very good multiplayer survival/apocalypse game, which is worth the money if you are into these kind of games. The developers keeps updating it and keeps making it better, by adding more stuff to the game. It is one of the better survival games out on steam right now, and it looks like it will keep getting better and better."
,Recommended,299740,23453344,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Slick Cris,"Okay, I'll be real here. This game is alright so far, nothing about this game has made me quit or want a refund. I just play it for a couple of hours and then take a brake from it till an update comes out. I have had some intense moments on this game. In my opinion It actually gives off a post apocalyptic theme. The community, the smooth fps, and the textures are great for an alpha. I would totally recommend this game. Or you could wait till it reaches beta."
,Recommended,299740,17711132,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Toops,"I'm a great fan of the post-apocalyptic, open-world, sandbox genre, and Miscreated is my favorite among the many titles of this ilk. Why? Because they are developing with the end-game in mind.Open-world games are plagued by a common question: ""Ok, I'm geared up. What do I do now?"" This creates a very strong exit point, and many gamers will stop playing, never to return. Miscreated has a solution to this problem: Base Building. They're not the first to have this idea, but their implementation (even in their first iteration) is excellent. It's free-form. There's no snap to grid. There's no ""voxel"" system (aka minecraft/space engineers). The possibilities are limited only by your imagination... and the blueprints you find.Blueprints are an excellent design feature: Blueprints are lootable ""plans"" that unlock new types of building parts. They also reveal medical and weapon recipes. But here's the thing: They're super-rare. And there are tiers. Although you can build a basic base right when you spawn, you have to constantly search the world, especially high-risk areas, to find the elusive blueprints. And this is a brillant linkage between base-building and looting. Looting in this game is risky, much like in DayZ. But the drive to find new blueprints is a strong incentive to contantly take those risks.Overall, I've alreay gotten so much more than money's worth, and it's still very early in development. I'm a developer myself, and it's clear to me that the Entrada team is highly competent, and has created a development and asset pipeline that's highly efficient and high-quality.Also, this game is utterly gorgeous. The level design is hands-down the best I've ever seen. There's lots of love put into the environments, and little touches everywhere to keep you immersed. Graffiti telling you to ""get out,"" bloody mattresses, massive piles of trash bags, etc. Also, the map is designed to create interesting tactical situations. There are choke-points everywhere, and high-value buildings often force you into a tactical disadvantage.Obviously there are plenty of things that need tuning and polish. Gunplay/controls feel a bit ""stiff,"" there are bugs and netcode/sync issues. I find netcode and server-client synchronization is a challenge in all games of this genre. Because this is early alpha, I will withold judgment on things like animations, controls, stability/quality, and core feature content until I'm relatively sure the game is near completion.Overall: Buy this game. Do it."
,Recommended,299740,25894190,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ninja doggo,"This game is the apotheosis of amazingIn the like 2 hours I played with my best friend we hunted a Truck through a stormy night like spec ops, we got to an amazing radio tower that's like the absolute definition of ""Athmospheric"" (and I found 7 buckshot rounds for my shotgun which was awesome too) we wrestled with a ♥♥♥♥ING TORNADO on our way to Pinecrest for food and my homie Space Pickles BARELY made it out he was already getting whirled aruond by it, then we came across a perfectly secluded and beautiful patch of nature with a big mesmerizing waterfall where we found a small adorable frog that I decided to call Fronko the Froggo HE MADE THESE CUTE BWORK BWORKING NOISES AND JUMPED AROUND AND WAS JUST ONE OF THE MOST ADORABLE SENTIENT BEINGS TO HAVE EVER EXISTED ON THIS PLANET, then we made it to pinecrest but encountered a group of like 8 players, I heard gunfire so I thought pickles died but WRONG SIR WRONGPICKLES IS THE ONE WHO ******** KNOCKSHE MURDERED LIKE 5 PEOPLE WITH HIS PISTOLAND THEN I SAW HIM DIE AND SAW THE MUZZLE OF THE PERPS RIFLE AND I STORMED IN AND I SHOTGUNNED HIM, THEN HIS BACKUP CAME AND I SHOTGUNNED THE OTHER 3 WHEN I WAS LOOTING THEIR BRAIN MATTER STAINED CORPSES THOUGH... I got killed.AND THIS WAS THE FIRST EVER DEATH I HAD IN A SURVIVAL ONLINE GAME THAT FELT REWARDING AND ACCOMPLISHING!!!!!I AM STILL ADRENALINE PUMPED AND ON EDGE FROM THIS;MY SPECS ARE INTEL i3 4GB RAM AND AN NVIDIA 430 GT WHICH IS LIKE THE GHETTO CHILD ABANDONED BY ITS FATHER OF THE GRAPHIC CARDS AND MY GAME RUNS PERFECTLY CRISP AT AROUND 30-40 FPS FOR ME IN WINDOWED 1280x720 RESOLUTION.THIS GAME IS AWESOME.THANK YOU WHOEVER DEVELOPED THIS I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH!BEST OF ALL, we played for prolonged amounts of times now and we STILL haven't even explored most of the map nor have we ever carried any of the bigger guns yet.I can't wait to log like 2000 hours playtime into this.I usually write gramatically correctly but this game is so amazing and adrenaline pumping in nearly every single aspect that I literally can't control myself boasting how awesome this is.also add female characters and more apocalyptic looking clothing when you have the time to :D9/10"
76561198016183686,Recommended,299740,15302574,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,juboy78,"First day in the game:Went to empty server to learn the basics.Ran around finding gear (clothes, backpack, knife, etc.)Ran around some more blindly cause there's no map system you have to rely on memory, landmarks, & signs which is AWESOME!Saw some deer, tried to kill deer, deer don't die. No monsters around started getting bored.Then night came. Saw some mutant guys that looked like they were from the movie ""the hills have eyes"" (messed rednecks basically), they kicked my♥♥♥♥♥Started over grabbing gear, found a squeegee! Then some a-hole took a shot at me. Snuck around behind him and killed him with squeegee! It was a clean death. Took his stuff and went to different server.Found a truck almost fully repaired with lots of shotgun ammo in it. Perfect for my shotgun. Took ammo and ran. About 10 min. later a guy in a truck tries to run me down, can't imagine why? Ran into the woods ""serpenteen, serpenteen"". Thank god for trees and crappy drivers.The lowdown is this is a good game with the potential to be an epic game.As long as they add some variety of monsters & stay away from a money/barter system to keep rich boys and goldfarmers away.Didn't run into any hackers & few monsters but that was a good thing since they pose a real threat to the player."
76561198102292158,Recommended,299740,14909925,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,When she's on her periode,"This game clearly need more good reviews. Miscreated has everything that a good survival game needs to have. I can clearly see this game becoming the next big thing. The only thing thta is mising is more players. If everyone that see's this review buys it, well it would be great. WE NEED MORE PLAYERS! Comme and join us!"
,Recommended,299740,31551942,Posted: 4 May,all,trashpandemic,"miscreated is awesomeif you can't find loot, it's because you don't know how to look and you aren't seeing it.i recommend this game for the pvp experience.base building is a bit brokenthe developers patch monthly and consistently add contentbut until the game progresses more in development,consider it more of a survival/deathmatch.(ie player unknowns without the circle and you need food/water)don't bother building a base yet or trying to raid unless you're committed.tldr; wonderful game, premature, but still a great multiplayer pvp experience.the loot doesn't just jump at you, you have to searchthis game does not hold your hand or forgive you"
76561198089758721,Recommended,299740,15137060,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,markedman67,"This game could get a lot better.If the devs work hard and the community supports their effort, a LOT better.  But right now, as is, it's a great start.  The environment is beautiful, in an insidiously creepy way.  Enemies, other players, and falling off stuff is suitably and satisfyingly dangerous.  When you spawn fresh, you feel very vulnerable and isolated.Fantastic job for an alpha.  Can't wait for base building and other features.  Should be fun seeing how it develops."
,Recommended,299740,22535954,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,朝田詩乃,"Have played DayZ and H1z1, let me tell you Miscreated is way beyond those two. Amazing graphics and enjoyable gameplay, most important devs actually care abour their game. Is not liken the money ♥♥♥♥♥s of H1 and not like the lazy ones on DayZ. If they keep this pace it will surely become an even better game!"
76561198233300272,Recommended,299740,24127240,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BuggSuperstar,A great early access post apocalypse survival game that plays like an arcade-ish Day Z. The game runs very well and the cryengine makes everything look great. The developers of this game are constantly updating and adding new and unique features to the game (like tornadoes and wolf packs). I hated this game when it first came out and it got much better. Try it out!
76561198160201748,Recommended,299740,24259360,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zak Zeus,"Fanstatic game!! devs have really amped up player experience, cant wait for the rest of map to be realeased. Bought at 50% off.No exaggeration, but definiteley the £7.50 iv ever spent on game.more servers would be great, apart from that. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,299740,26681819,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,HK,"The game plays fine as long as you're not driving but, it reminds me of Survival: Apocolypse Now. Players hording all the limited few weapons / vehicles in the game, building bases to block off roads, floating bases everywhere. Players blocking and/or, claiming high loot locations, hording the weapons, ammo and the like. Racist & power hungry moderators, and a community of gay♥♥♥♥♥fan boys. Forced to play on one contracted server supplier and have to play by someone elses rules other than your own because, you can't run your own server unless you pay for it. As for the server OPs, once they find your base, if they don't raid it and see you have a lot of good things going on, they lock you out from logging in or, just ban you from the server and rob your♥♥♥♥♥♥ That way, there's no worries about you logging back on the server for revenge. Some will also, change the name of the server or, make it whitelisted to prevent you from connecting to it anymore, less the ban.The game looks good, that's about all I can say positive about it. However, when you're riding along and your 4x4 blows up or, drops out from under you and you get teleported to bum-♥♥♥♥-egypt then, that sucks.Not to add when you log in every time, you have nothing, nothing but your underware on. They don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.Driving the pickup truck is like playing on a pogo stick. I guess they like that part, riding on a stick.NO, I don't rocommend this to anyone.I will say one thing else, they certainly gave it the right name because, this game is, miscreated.This is a comment on one of the moderators profile...Riko Nov 13 @ 11:28pmIt is because I was too busy waging Jihad against the filthy christian heathens in Europe....and she calls me a racist. o.0Update Edit:This last update #48, I would be ashamed to have released a mess of this kind and claimed to have fixed, anything. The best thing I could do with something like this would be to, act like an Ostrich and bury my head in the dirt."
,Recommended,299740,25715648,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gogs,"A hard-core survival game that leaves you checking around every corner.Miscreated is a beautiful game, the forest and grass look amazing and as you wonder though the open world you really do get the feeling that you are in fact surviving.  The player v player aspect is brutal, almost everyone will shoot first and ask questions later so keep your whits about you and trust no one.  The PVE aspect is somewhat lacking.. in the 9 hours I've played I've only seen 3 zombies, but do remember that this is an early access game and I am sure this will be changed as the game develops.  Looting is a long task, finding a weapon is quite hard and ammo the same story but both can be found with a bit of persistence, food and water can easily be found within any of the built up areas and random tools and items can be found throughout these areas also.  There are vehicles on the game and most require you to collect parts to get them functioning (batteries, spark plugs etc) but again this is a quite easy talk.All in all I am very impressed with this game so far, when you spot an enemy you have to make a quick decisions, Kill/be killed or Run and hide and this really does increase your heart rate, especially if you have just found some good loot and dont want to lose it.A totally absorbing survival game.I would definitely recommend this game to any survival game fan."
76561198214807547,Recommended,299740,22528418,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TrickyPants,"Without doubt THE best survival game out there. Stunning graphics, very active development, good size map which is expanding with further development, PvP and PvE nicely balanced.It is really fun seeing this game develop. With every version update (at least monthly), the game is improving each time.Mixed reviews on steam is just crap, nobody that plays this game can give it a legitimate negative review based on the current state of the game. Sure there are things that are a little glitchy at the moment, but they are very minor and are being fixed with each update. The glitches are no worse than some AAA game titles I have played recently.This game is easily worth $50 as it is today. $20 is a steal. Buy it now.Edit: Don't bother trying to give feedback on this game though, the mods on the forums remove and lock threads showing faults with the game. Quite sad really, and detrimental to an early access game."
,Recommended,299740,24680221,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,- ̗̀C12 ̖́-,"Logged into a serverWas near a bridge, decided to start crossing itCome across three guys, wave at them, they wave backThought they were friendly and walked pastWas walking in the opposite direction when I suddenly got shot from behindAll three of them were chasing me with hatchets and axesThey followed me through the nearest town for about 5 minutesI decided I'd try lose them by jumping off a bridge into a river, they didn't stopALT+F4'd after 20 minutes of chasing, seems like they had time well spent.10/10 would be chased again"
,Recommended,299740,23039733,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Molotovsoda,"Okay, I thought it was gonna be yet another crappy early access survivor game....it basically is, lets be honest. But to be fair it's basically a better H1Z1, a much better infestation or whatever the hell those greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are calling their game this week. Not as good as DayZ after thier 6.0 patch in my opinion but this game isn't bad at all and worth the $20 bucks if you got it to throw down for one of these games.Generally I think this game suffers from a pretty unintuative user interface (I had a gun, pressed R to reload ammo from my inventory into it...had to do it through the G menu). The loot tables are pretty slim pickings, But I think this is pretty common for these kinds of games, one week its guns and ammo everywhere and next week theres no food anywhere cause devs are always messing with it, which is fine. I think alot of the animations are pretty janky, which is fine. performance is actually...pretty damn good, had 60+ FPS with no hitching or drops (had two small 2 second hiccups while it was raining super hard, which is pretty dismissable)Overall, this thing has potential to be decent and in the very least a nice break from DayZ while they are getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together for some of the patches where the game is literally unplayable, decent work devs. Keep it up, but it's a long road ahead for you boys."
,Recommended,299740,23965056,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Phro,"Hands-down, the best and most underrated multiplayer survival game there is. It's absolutely gorgeous, runs really well on an average PC and it has everything a title like this needs, including the great community of people that you meet in-game, this is not a kill-on-sight game (unless you want it to be).10/10, these developpers have all my support and trust."
,Recommended,299740,22608963,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shadow,"Its fantastic! but what i find is most people arent the talking type in this. Beautiful graphics and so much more id suggest buying this game, its good if you like PvE/PvP games as well as open-world too but i suggest if ur not the loner type try to find a friend that has it. im aloner at the moment and surviving on your own in this can sometimes make you nervous. But if anyone gets this game and is looking for someone to play just message me and ill help you out."
,Not Recommended,299740,33444774,Posted: 10 July,all,Bartleby,"The game looks fine in principle, but I'm strongly turned off by the company's decision on server hosting.  Specifically, they made a deal giving one hosting company the right to operate game servers.  They require a minimum of 36 players and charge 0.99 Euros per month/per slot (with discounts for long term subscriptions), and as nearly as I can tell, it MUST be a public server.Yeah, I'm very much NOT a fan of spending $50 a month to host a server to which I cannot control access.Yes, it's their product and they have a right to do with it as they will...but, then, it's MY voice and I have a right to say their decision about the game takes it from a possible five star title to what is at best a two star title, and until they change their policy on this, that's all it'll ever be.They could've been brilliant, and they ruined it instead.  Kinda sad, really.Thumbs down."
,Recommended,299740,26269951,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,狼Kanine狼,"This game feels like a hybrid between H1Z1 and DayZ in many aspects. The feel of the gameplay along with the community is very similar to H1, whereas the game itself and the loot system is much like DayZ. Miscreated itself has a very nice looting system to where you can get pretty decently geared in under 30 minutes making the game much more enjoyable. In this game you don't feel like a death will be a total waste of time in comparison to DayZ because that game takes forever to loot as well as the map sizing just all makes it very difficult. This is where the H1 comparison comes in because the map is smaller, there is loot, but H1 is littered with bases and clans. Miscreated shares the aspects of a small map and good loot, but has little to no clans in addition to bases. In conclusion, I would recommend this game if you are someone who doesn't have a crazy amount of time on there hands but still wants to enjoy a survival pvp game. There is actually a good loot system, there is a balance between friendlys and bandits, and the map isn't too big nor too small.One complaint is that some of the server admins are a bit abusive at times. For instance, today I logged about 10 minutes and only that because when spawned, I made my way to the airport to grab some gear. As doing so, I managed to find myself a handgun with seven rounds and decided to progress further into the airport. I entered a small bunker with bunkbeds scattered throughout and heard footsteps from outside, so I simply hide myself praying I don't get totally oblitterated due to the fact it's a high loot area. Sure enough a dude with more gear I have ever seen to one guy enters the room and I shot him multiple times out of pure fear and dropped him instantly. As soon as I approched his body, I was kicked from the server. I don't believe this was a game crash, I heavily believe that this was the admin or an admin's frined because of how quickly the chain of events happened."
,Recommended,299740,13781161,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TacticalJedi,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBMiFSufWpE&list=UUZUyRbQhpyxhK_U5YemYWHQThis video is called ""Miscreated in a nutshell"". I recommend it."
,Recommended,299740,24102276,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,STEALTH,"I originally game this game a very negative review and was too quick on the trigger.  I'm now reversing my thoughts on this game and have to give the dev team massive respect for what they've been able to do with this game. To be the size that they are they have easily been able to match what DayZ and H1Z1 offer and in many cases do things better.The visuals and attention to detail is absolutely astounding.  They are the ONLY survival game that truly gives a realistic atmosphere of being in a post apocalyptic world!  The world is beautiful and the dev team continues to throw new things at the game each patch.  The latest patch #36 has been glorious adding an entire new city to the map on top of new features.I truly believe this game is underrated and missed by many gamers who have probably read very early reviews on the game. It is definitely a steal for the current sale price of $10 and I have to say that it's currently the best game in the survival game batch!  Way to go Dev Team, looking forward to what you all bring next!!!"
,Recommended,299740,24208202,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gen0,"Well I'm a LONG time DayZ player just trying this game for the first time.  After playing a day with it my first impression are this game is set to wipe the floor with DayZ.  Graphics are miles above and beyond better, movement, inventory, clan system, zombies, wildlife, ai, all better.  Just buy it while its cheap because when this game pickup up players its gonna get expensive!"
76561198179405290,Recommended,299740,21355262,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Neymar,"Very potential game, honestly, it just a Early Access game but the working team is trying to fix the bug and redesign the inventory system. Compared with other survial games, H1Z1 spilt into two♥♥♥♥♥♥with tons of hackers, Dayz became a totally FPS game. Miscreated is the only hope of the survival games."
,Recommended,299740,21437693,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MABOO,"My first hour of this game never experience survival game.It was night I didn't how to switch to 3rd person.I wander around with my blinking flashlight  thinkin bout what do I do.then I hear something behind and I turned, Sharped Hand stab me at my stomach.I heard 3 time while the knife going trough my body. I died.Respawn in some house I didn't know. Go upstair with the flashlight. I spot something on the bed.As I look closer my heart went down south. It was someone's skeleton.As I turn around I found a rifle on the floor. I pick it up.Suddenly I hear something and see some blinking light coming upstair.I still in shocked remembered the last time hearing. Then There were 2 guys with full arm confront me.I type on my keyboard ""Hi"". They said "" I want your rifle."", I know this is not going to end well.Suddenly I decide to aim to their head and pull the trigger.Click .. nothing happensHell .. I didn't how to equip the ammo.Then It was the last picture at that scene. My screen flip to the page. You died "" 15sec Respawn ""......................................Kind of good game. Now I discover around the town and try to take revenge on random people even they say ""hello"" on VOIP I shall butcher them anyway.8.0 / 10 for this oneI would give more if they increase server capability :)"
,Recommended,299740,15229094,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Merchaun,"Wandering around in townFind a soda can""Plebsi""10/10"
76561197995911949,Recommended,299740,22912264,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Git Gudenberg,"This is clearly the most beautiful and noob friendly survival game out there.I am somewhat surprised that the other survival games (h1z1/dayZ) get more attention than this.Miscreated offers pretty much the same experience as all the survival games, but it runs and looks A LOT better. Killing on sight is a thing apparently (never happened to me though) because at the end of the day Miscreated is another ""Deathmatch game"" on a huge map, but so far out of all survival games I've had the best experience with the people in Miscreated. I just hope that one day developers will take their survival games a step ahead and make their giant deathmatch more like a team deatchmatch (with Friendly Fire off), where people without a 10 men strong clan can still enjoy some (false) sense of security."
76561198084894233,Recommended,299740,22788636,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jdigz408,"Visually stunning, great combat mechanics, almost zero learning curve (for an average experienced pc gamer) an overall thoroughly enjoyable game.  15.4 hours first week owning (i have a new born, another child and a full time job) and i plan on logging a bunch more hours.Don't sleep on this one folks.   The reviews from the earlier versions weren't great but what I have experienced is an amazing game!  Get it now...but be warned...i will KOS. :)"
76561197995282543,Recommended,299740,22518418,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Valka,"Updated review for 2017:I've been playing for about 2 years now, and about to hit 1,000 hours of play.  I've had fun, made friends, and still find interesting things to do.  I continue to look forward to improvements in features and content that are planned.I do recommend this game for players interested in pvp shooters, and there are a lot of fun features, but I will emphasize that you need to accept that it remains an early access game.Pros:*Sizeable and growing map that looks good and gives you a lot of diverse elements to explore.*A big variety of weapons and other gear to be found/scavenged/looted, and with a little experience you shouldn't find it hard to get geared up.*Not truly hard to keep hydrated and fed, I approve the balance of this, though it's a work in progress also.*Suitable and decent communication features in game.*Base crafting and a bit of other crafting. Base building is in a relatively early state and expected to receive a big overhaul this year (including a goodbye to floating bases). The hard core survival aspect continues to evolve and has been highlighted by devs for future enhancement.*A variety of fun vehicles.  I've enjoyed the challenge of finding the missing parts.  You don't need vehicles to travel the island, and in many ways they are a liability, but vehicles are FUN.  Recent changes have even made the boats fast enough to have a chance to dodge a bit of fire, making them more viable.  In the latest patch we can even ""push"" vehicles, which opens up a number of other interesting options.*The game has grown increasingly popular and you won't have trouble finding a variety of active servers.Cons:*Annoying bugs, exploits and gltiches that nearly (but not quite) ruin gameplay are a part of early access, and it is true of Miscreated right through the present.  This developer has not failed to keep adressing each one, but just be aware that it is a smallish indie dev and the game isn't out of the woods yet.  Item persistence and storage is good, but not flawless, there are still cases of falling (or driving) through the map, though somewhat rare.  Headshot damage is a particularly troubling issue that works correctly on some servers and not on others.  It is one of several high priority issues acknowledged by the devs.  If you can't dismiss these types of things as they come and go, then wait for a later release of the game.*Development is hindered somewhat by a netcode that can't quite support the goals of this game, and in fact Entrada Interactive is likely to replace the whole networking layer, so this isn't really a con, but hopefully a work in progress.  The Cryengine is expected to be updated to a newer version at some stage, although even an entirely new engine seems to be not out of the question.Summary and other:The game has always attracted a lot of interest from adventure/survival players who are not intent upon KOS gaming.  This is NOT a con either unless you want to avoid pvp game play, and they clearly hyped the game as ""no rules"" around the time I bought it.A number of servers state rules dictating other kinds of gameplay, but here is my final word on this having played all manner of servers and rule sets available including whitelisted servers;  server rules are little more than a suggestion, and difficult to enforce fairly even where admins are involved.We realize that the nature of online games means that many players will behave badly and generally disregard rules where they are able to act with impunity.  Players can get banned, server logs can be reviewed, but overall this makes for a poor solution.  Online games can only be decently enjoyed where the game itself enforces rules by design.So what we have in Miscreated is a very good survival/adventure/open world/pvp plus AI shooter where you can have fun if you take it for what they've said from the start ""Survival with no rules!""  If that's for you, you'll find it on 50% off now and then.  Cheers!ps- If you want unlimited storage play something else.  Also, the game looks great even with modest settings, but it is important that your hardware meets the minimum requirements if you want to play at all!"
76561198129530505,Recommended,299740,35226232,Posted: 26 September,all,Mia Valentino,"**All opinions are my own, they aren't necessarily correct or incorrect but how I perceive this game**I am giving this game a thumbs up, and I want you to hear me out on it.This game is one of the most beautiful survival games I have ever played. Yes, there are bugs and glitches that drive us all insane, however, you can't deny that it is beautiful.Now, here is where I think the game is seen negatively and why I believe the reviews here are mixed.I think the developers were trying to please two audiences by having PvP and PvE. I don't think PvP works with how this game is designed. I have read so many reviews on here where people are upset because they spawn in and immediately die. If you were in an apocalyptic world trying to survive why would you kill each other? I get it, PvP but does it work? You get a handful of players in PvP that want to team up and survive, but then you have those players who just want to kill everyone off and not even communicate with anyone on the server. This reminds me of The Division and why it flopped so soon. If you want to go shred through players and win a “chicken dinner” go play PUBG or H1Z1 those games are designed for this type of player.The hours I have played in this game have been spent in a Whitelisted PvE server called 'The Sanctuary' The name is true to the experience. I fell in love with this game because of how the game is played on this server. You are in a world where you are trying to survive. There are rules in place to keep the game experience pleasant. The best part? No floating bases. A community that plays together and has built relationships with one another because they want to survive together. We help each other find loot we need, help build bases, teach new players how the game works, etc. Every single player matters. If you die, you better believe we send everyone out to help you get your loot back. That's what it's all about.On whitelisted servers you can find a place that works for your play style. It’s very difficult to find a server with an admin who stays on top of their game. One who doesn’t play favorites, who has rules in play to make the game easy and comfortable, who boots people because they are breaking the rules, and who has trusting moderators. I’m lucky to have found that place.I really wish everyone could experience this game that way because I believe that's how it is meant to be played. I love Miscreated so much and want to see it be successful. I hope those of you who read this found this helpful and if you didn’t I understand, to each their own. Happy gaming and thank you for listening.Cheers,LadyWatters (Game name: Mia Valentino)"
,Recommended,299740,21800389,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,VEGAS,"One of the best survival game out there! The CryEngine looks really awesome. For me it runs very well (60 to 80 FPS constantly). It does have so many potential. I believe in the Devs and can't wait for the future updates. Also the community is really nice. So if you are interested in survival and crafting, go and check out the game."
,Recommended,299740,30427095,Posted: 10 March,all,The HopelessGamer™,Very very beautiful game.The weather is stunning.The sun light rays coming through the trees is amazing.Works Better then dayz.The ai are good.The weapons are great!Not many glitches if any at all.Overall 10/10
76561198170678322,Recommended,299740,15100436,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,BadManWill393,"Just bought this a few days ago. Best survival game I've played. The devs are very involved in the small but growing community. Constantly being updated and improved. The only problem is the lack of players. If they continue working on it I could see this becoming a very very very good game. verdict, 8/10. Please consider buying it and supporting."
,Recommended,299740,21348904,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Maniacmanos,"Mixed review? Nonsense!! For $19.99 it is an amazing game. Cry Engine based, it offers a lot of nice visuals and a great engine. Crafting is intuitive and well thought out. Only problem to date would be the crafting guides, which are nearly impossible to find haha."
,Recommended,299740,22792478,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Svasch,"A very fun and intense game! A mix of DayZ, 7 days to die, H1Z1, The forest and Rust. If it had more players it would be a 10 but for now, 8."
76561198006175891,Recommended,299740,22799176,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,bansheemarc,"This game is immersive and the new weather systems puts it over the top. The devs are working hard to get this game finished, which is a nice change of pace from the many other perpetual alpha games out there. The visuals are fantastic as well.Night time is a legit darkness. If you don't have your flashlight on (for example; when you're looting a house) you can't see a damn thing. Your screen is literally black. Throw in some bad weather and it gets a little crazy and spooky. I was just upstairs in a house during a storm and I faintly heard the footsteps of someone entering the house. At first I thought it was the mutant that was hanging outside, but I could still hear him growling at the side of the house. This was another player in the house with me. I assumed he saw my light through a window or something. I could hear him moving about and my heart was pounding. I hunched down in a corner and pointed my shotgun in the genral direction of the stairs. I could only hope I was looking in the right direction because I didn't dare turn on my flashlight and give myself away. I occasionally heard him move, despite the storm....and he was getting closer!  Right when I thought I was a goner I saw his dark melon head passing a window. Blam! Ninja bandit down. The tactical shotgun at close range is a beast. Thank you for the chocolate bar, Mr. Ninja Bandit.This game is worth the money and it's only going to get better as new features are added."
76561198190957043,Recommended,299740,23048537,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SpinFire,"Great game and graphics, needs to be more loot and wildlife, also would be nice to have earthquakes and suck extended to the weather effects, other than that i like the game just cant wait tell more updates come, would love a mode without cannibles, for more escape from tarkov type pvp gameplay."
,Recommended,299740,15723983,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Chef,would be so much fun with a larger player base more people need to look into this game
,Recommended,299740,23194893,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Godvernment,"Imagine DayZ, but in the CryEngine with free-form base building, jumping and tornados.Very immersive, lots of potential, extremely fun and makes me happy.Though, please be aware, DayZ just got updated with the new rendering engine, making it pretty darn smooth and stable.Also, DayZ is still a bit more hardcore in terms of mechanics and gameplay than Miscreated is, while Miscreated still has better visuals. Definitely some competition between the two, but I'm not saying one is better than the other. I, personally, will always like DayZ a bit more because of how it plays."
,Recommended,299740,17262886,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Lok,">Started game>Awesome soundtrack>Goes into a server>Makes a friend thats looking for a pub>We both search for end of the world pub>I Fall off a mountain and die>Search for my mate for 30 mins>Give up>Find a shotgun, ammo, helmet, camouflauge>Some guys are trying to fix a car>I follow them for a bit>Eventually come out and say im friendly>They seem cool>One guy attacks me>Other guy joins in>I run and get away>Decide to be an alpha and go back and destroy these plebs>Go back to them and shoot at them>They shoot at me>Not a single shot hit>I run again>They get me in the water yelling ""Give Up"">I Call them plebs and keep swimming>I eventually meet a watery grave yelling ""A&*holes""10/10 would lose all my S&%@ again"
76561198129939905,Not Recommended,299740,34728219,Posted: 3 September,all,MrSadistic0713,"This game had potential, I only have 22 hours on this profile but it's not my first. I really wanted this game to succeed but the devs have destroyed a beautiful idea. They've added no reason for actually playing the game, no incentive to cooperate with fellow survivors, no actual survival challenge and they've done nothing to stop the constant KOS that has made this game absolutely cancerous. This is the 3rd year of early access and I believe the devs have no intention of finishing it. This game is beautiful on the outside, excellent customization with endless possibilities for your character's look, but that's it. It saddens me to see the state of this once up-and-coming title. Party on, party bus."
,Recommended,299740,13909026,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,GABRIEL_ROCK,Nice game in devloppement  !regularly updated !Love The immersion!i suggest this game for everyone who like survivor games and want live the experience !the only bad point is ..The guys who make the 3rd person animation Burrr... But still alpha !i reccomand this Game!!!(quelle Jeux extra pour un alpha je le recomande a tous les joueurs de survival !!!! )
,Recommended,299740,22600383,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CHEAH,Better than DayZ SA
,Recommended,299740,17272363,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Wendigo^,"The game is awesome for early access alpha. New base building system is going to be pretty nice and original.It strong and weak points:+Graphics are awesome. Even better than in DayZ SA+Physics are realistic+Atmosphere of post-apocalyptic future is really thrilling because of blood, fearsome notes on walls of the buildings and so on+Cars and boats-You can hear shooting from the nearby town or village, for example you are in Pinecrest and you hear shotgun in Sultan-Car components are too heavy. It is practically unreal to repair a car without friends-Zombies sometimes disappear while entering any building-There are still no compass and in-game map. For survival game these items are important as an air for humanBut it is only early access and it is not so huge amount of problems. I hope you would do everything to make your game the best of zombie-survival games.8.5/10"
76561197996802983,Recommended,299740,28538157,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,FoxUnbeatable,"I have 1000 hours clocked between h1 survival and DayZ. Less than 10 hours clocked with this and It's safe to say this has the most potential out of the lot. Great detail to environments on an engine that isn't powered by a potato. Despite being alpha, I have not yet come accross any bugs which has surprised me.Already had some great experiences in game and know there are many more to come. Big thumbs up from me and I hope this game gets the traction it deserves. If you are a fan of the surival genre, support this game."
,Recommended,299740,24321913,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,strimi,"In my view, it is currently the best survival game out there. I've spent about 3 hours at this moment, but what i have seen really got me going, and i can't wait to play it more. You can see how everything is so detailed and stuff. Absolutely worth for the 10euros i spent on it.Heavily underrated, this is."
76561198098264228,Recommended,299740,24700772,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Modest Immortal Pain,"I honestly don't know why people dislike this game. Better than Dayz and H1Z1 and ppl are friendly and less kos cancer. Better graphics than real life.  Met many friends along the way, some stayed some left, some I had to kill becuz they were dying. More realistic than real life."
,Recommended,299740,17552517,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,MeGaSs,"I dont understand mixed reviews, this game is a kind of game which you must have. Amazing graphics, good optimized, the best community i have ever met, its the most fun when you play it with friends... you are building base ( building system is awesome, im not talking about a lego system ;) )  , looting towns or airfield, driving a car,boat or you are finding a parts for it. And the best part...WORKING DEVELOPERS!"
,Recommended,299740,24384048,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[ҒS] -Herŧʑ-,"Miscreated...ah, I love this game.First let me start off by clarifying that yes, my time on record is minimal (not sure why, seeing as i've played way more than 4 hours). But, I don't need 2000+ hours to accurately describe this game.Let me cover some pros/cons for you.Pros:+Beautiful graphics and atmospshere (night time storms got me shaking in my boots): At first i never realized that this game ran off of cryengine. But, it does and the weather and atmoshpere in this game are AMAZING because of it, especially at night. That being said, this game is probably a bit resource heavy for older computers.+Comprehensive crafting and loot system: You can craft a lot of stuff, from structures to storage and various other things; and place it uniquely in the world. Granted some things require plots to build by, this is a minor nuisance.+Enemies are not all zombies: Thank the heavens, the enemies are not all the same generic zombies like a certain survival game (ehem...dayz). At its current state, it has wolves as well as various types of mutants.+UI is nice: It is clean and easy to use. Characters react decently to the enviroment and the ability to eat food quickly without having to pick it up first is a godsend.+Combat is engaging: All weapons are a bit different in their use and range, and they fixed the reloading issue so guns are more viable now.Cons:-Respawn: This is my number one gripe with these survival/openworld zombie gamesand it exists in this game.Yes, you die and you lose everything on your body (rather it stays on your corpse until you run back and get it if someone hasnt stolen it) and spawn somewhere completely random.Further explanation: I get it, it is supposed to be hardcore. But here is the thing, the point between when you become well-established (meaning: you dont have to spend 4 hours looking for a hatchet to build shelter, or a backpack to carry more then a can of peaches and a flashlight, etc) in the game and when your a lonely fresh spawn is quite a while. Meaning, you can reach what is essentially ""getting-by"" and then end up just getting killed and starting all over. Which sucks. Especially, if you have a base and supplies and your just figuring out where everything is. Add on top of that, you dont start with a map or compass even. You just end up in a bush somewhere.My solution? Add a bedroll or bed or something like the game Unturned has that you can craft and then claim and respawn at when you die, giving you the 60sec respawn timer to spawn at your bed or a 10sec timer to spawn in a random spot if you so wish. This will give players a sense of hope in that if they die, they don't have to spend 12+ hours re-finding everything they just slaved hours beforehand finding. They won't have to search for their own base. Make the bedroll destroyable and make it so you can only utilize one. If this idea is too extreme (which, from what i've seen it worksgreat, even on a super small map like Unturned's) make it so playersat leaststart with a map and compass so they can find the base they spent hours, if not days working on; instead of wandering around in some bushes lost AF. Please Devs, do this.-Finding the necessary items: Don't get me wrong, the loot system in Miscreated blows DayZ's out of the water in my opinion. See con number 1. Finding the proper tools as a fresh spawn takes time and dedication. Just tonight, it took me a few hours to find a hatchet. Finally get one and get established and players will end up dying and spending another 3 hours looking for a hatchet. repeat.-Global chat: Would like a global chat to communicate with all in the server. Option to hide it would be swell as well.-Nameplates: I don't know if i missed this, but i think you have to be right next to someone to see their name. If it even pops up. I don't know. All i know is every person i've looked at i've had to ask for their name.Overall thoughtsThis game is great, it just needs polishing. The state it is in now is 100x better than it was a few months ago. Fix the respawn issue and i think the game would beMAGNIFICENT. Hopefully, the devs over at Miscreated see this or try the implementation of bedrolls like i suggested. Maybe stats like in unturned would be cool too. Anyhow, that is all. i give it a 8/10.  -2 for respawn problem :)"
76561198044663799,Recommended,299740,24511834,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Rvbsmcaboose,">Be me go into the city and meet up with a group>Become friends and make our code phrase, ""I'm special""> Go into city and start looting>Go onto rooftops and run into a group of bandits>Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥they start shooting at me> Start running and jumping while yelling, ""I'M SPECIAL, I'M SPECIAL""> Jump off building and land in front of friends>Bandits jump after me and die>10/10 would be special again."
,Recommended,299740,25655698,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Adzee,"Very good game in this genre, beats out H1z1, Dayz and any of the other clones. Originally played a lot of Dayz and while it is good this just feels far more polished. Definitely worth the sale price."
,Recommended,299740,31051535,Posted: 9 April,all,FR3D,"really good survival game with a lot of potential. however, since it is still in early acess, it is nowhere near completion but as updates come out for the game, it gets better and better. I will make a small list of what I think stands out in this game and what I feel can be improved-pros-* big map and easy to navigate after a while of playingThe map is definitely confusing when you first join and can be a little overwhelming. Although after some time looking at online maps and finding maps in game, I am very confident with the map and how to get from town to town.* wide variety of weapons and vehiclesThere are the usual good weapons and bad weapons that you should never pick up. I feel like this game does a good job for balancing out the weapons though. There is a powerful sniper that can one shot to the head and aks that can switch firing modes. Then there are Hammers and 9mm pistols that are not powerful at all in combat.* lots of clothing and accessories for different combinations to either make you look stupid or scaryMiscreated has a lot of clothing options that have their benefits. If you search hard enough, you can become a SWAT Team member and look very menacing or you can kick it back with a meme shirt and bright orange track pants. Depends on how serious you take the game-cons-* player and loot spawnsI said previously that the loot in this game is pretty unique; this stays true but all the loot is rng. Sometimes it feels like it is impossible to find worst backpack in the game or food. I recommend looking at game guides on finding loot before starting unless you want to spend hours learning the ropes yourself. Player spawns are* even worse in my experience. As a new player, you usually spawn near a beach side of the map that has little loot and interaction with other players besides that ones that spawn there with you. This needs looked into for spawns to take place all over the map. *There has been patches that make it so you don't spawn on this beach side as much but I usually find that true when I spawn and then kill myself immediately after.* base building and craftingBase building and crafting are probably the biggest hassles in this game. Bases as a whole are broken and crafting is a pain to learn and do. Bases in the game can (as of Update 48b) be “floating.” They are nearly impossible to raid unless you use a military truck or a bus. These bases are going to be fixed in the future but they are just a d-bag thing to see when you are exploring the map. The crafting is also a pain because you need to find these recipes to make certain parts of your base. They, for some reason, are extremely hard to find and if you do find one, it will probably be a guide that you already found.* mutants as a wholeThere are not enough mutants that spawn or a big variety of mutants in this game. Mutants need to spawn a lot more in wooded areas and need to be a little bit more crazy in towns and cities so there is a common enemy in this game that players will be more willing to team up against than just go and kill other players. There are 4* different types of mutants; The Hulk Mutant (big fellow and will kill you in 1 or 2 hits), The Buff Boy (he is a naked fellow and has a rocking undead body), the Spiker Mutant (has a Spike for one of his hands) and the standard Mutant (your average fellow mutant.) *I did not include the Mutant dog because you do not encounter them enough to become relevant. All of the mutants, except for the Hulk, do about 10% damage and die in 3 swings from a hatchet. These damage and health stats need to be changed for a better variety and different tactics used for combat.This game was a good $10 spent during the Christmas sale, but if I was going to buy this game today at full price, I would do it today because it is a good game to play with friends. I have also made a lot of good friends on this game playing on servers. :] *miss ya gabe*"
,Recommended,299740,24256285,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pepsi,"Pro's: Amazing graphicsRuns greatGood combatEasy to find friendsEnviromental enemy's are well coded and designedCons: Player max is 36, so not many players to run intoTowns are boring, not interesting, very bland.Crashes.Not enough content"
76561198204599740,Recommended,299740,14862300,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,OtterMudge,"Survivors log - Day one: I begin writing this in hopes someone...ANYONE will find it, for it seems...I am alone. After hearing some strange sounds I begin looking for people...It seems I can hear them all around me. As I spin around in a circle it seems I hear more, no wait. Is that my own footsteps? What is this clanking sound that makes me think I'm being shot at? Paranoia sets in as I trudge on down a dirt road. I soon spot a house that is of course abandoned I look everywhere for something to smack around these things that have been following me should they get ballsy enough. Nothing but a 'plebsi' and some ravioli...I look out the window to see a blurry house in the distance...yes, I must go there I tell myself. I keep hearing these sounds so I yell out ""Hey, IS ANYONE THERE''? No response of course..I run out the door, jump the 4-5 foot tall fence without a scratch and press on...More sounds, this time it sounds like someone is swinging. I turn around frantically looking for the source. NOTHING. My sight blurrs...then darkness all around me. I guess I closed my eyes because in an instant everything was back to normal. Just a fluke I guess..I make my way to the next house cautiously and find a hatchet! Oh, ho ho! The smile that came over my face...I grab the axe in my right hand and swing wildly cutting everything in the house...which oddly enough has the same sound for everything I hit. I begin to yell and taunt those following me with my outside voice...No response...It seems I'm getting tired...will continue log in the morning.Survivors log - Day 2: I begin my morning only to find for some reason everything I had found besides my axe were missing, 'no matter' I tell myself...'but that kinda sucks' I press on determined to find the lost 'plebsi' as I was a bit thirsty.  Wait wait, tomato juice ahh yeah. I crack it open and replenish myself. Walk outside and look at the sky...the clouds and sun frantically dance around which I don't remember seeing before. Maybe paranoia has gotten the best of me..I call out again 'Hey, anyone see this? The sky is weird' Again, nothing. I walk around aimlessly for an hour trying to find my way...One of those big scary mutants...another person...anything. Wildlife.. I don't find anything but a car battery and some handgun ammo..I'm going stir crazy...must...lay...down.."
76561198069339101,Recommended,299740,22541476,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Quique13,"this game is getting better and better with each patch.Its pretty amazing, the graphics are so beautiful!Love it the open world survival, very rare resources, its wonderfulKilling zombies still pretty hard!"
76561198101396404,Recommended,299740,12739178,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mrbeard,"played for about 3 hours and can see the potential in this game.Pros-beautiful graphics,Creepy Clear backround sounds an music,terrifying gouls things,= with a cone hand.Large map,cool areas to lootCons=Took me at least 2 hours oc scouring the map to find anything other than food,No voice chat ,chat menue is not automatically opening when people type so People kos alot,all in all this game is worth the money as listed its a hard 8/10 for me even at its earlyiest stage it shows better quality and potenial then al my owned mmos at this moment"
76561198047909180,Recommended,299740,21184494,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"Latest patches have been quite good. Starting to solid up nice. 9/10Patch 49 is well optimised and it runs very well. Bugs are minor and not game breaking/interfere with game play. If you connect to a server on the other side of the world then you may get a lot of latency, especially if the local internet is just south of puke.It's early Access, but it's rad. Gets love and attention, loot spawns change frequently after patching. Encourages exploration, dying, respawning, eating, drinking, chopping, building, and hatcheting of wolf packs. Guns are common due to people not being able to look in a corner, and other places people might possible leave their gear, then of course complaining they can't find loot.Has squirels, which may possibly be rabid. Bites from a squirrel are not considered a risk for rabies unless the animal was sick or behaving in an unusual manner, and rabies is also widespread in the area. Before starting Rabies Treatment, consider if the animal looked sick and was behving normally, and consult a local Warden or Ranger to find out if rabies actually occurs in that region.Wolves, well you could pickaxe a rock, then chop a log, build a fire and cook them. Choose a nook to light it in if it is night time, or light it on a ridge above town, and be sure to sit facing away from town so that the smoke doesn't get in your eyes. One may think it's a bit mean to kill wolves. They are not real wolves. In the morning climb out of the wolves stomache and warm yourself in ther sun."
76561197981068109,Recommended,299740,12725729,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ⓉⓊⓅⒶⒸ ;),Really Early Alpha stuff but so far i like and i think its going in a great direction.
,Recommended,299740,23130873,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,eDJr.,lil bit buggy but overall it's a amazing game
76561198082994204,Recommended,299740,16016501,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,FlynnLuxe,This game is amazing!  Don't be discouraged if you die quick in gun fights your first few times playing. It does take a bit to get used to. The game grows on you! Lots of fun!I will be playing this game as long as I can!
76561198202451714,Recommended,299740,28391895,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Decimo ノクト,"Well well, if you are reading this you're probably wondering if this is worth your pocket money, it is !I've been playing DayZ standalone - 7/10Arma 2 with zombie modes - 6/10Arma 3 with zombie modes - 8/10And there is this game ""Miscreated"" -  8.9/10"
76561197999317104,Recommended,299740,18208053,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Xeno,This game really starting to be a nice game just some more upd then its a really nice survival game also with nice fps I just hope many starts to play this game!! buy buy....
,Recommended,299740,12835074,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Merc Petronas,So after about an hour of looting I find a friend and we start to travel around and then he asks for my gun so I tell him no. We then meet another person and we start doing random♥♥♥♥♥♥but my first friend runs off somewhere. My new friend and I chase him and we find out that he has had a gun this whole time! He starts shooting this newspawn so we hide in a bush. We then man up and kil both my first friend and the newspawn who was also trying to kill me. After looting for another 15 minutes we see this guy. He doesn't look armed so we try and make friends with him. He pulls out a gun and starts to shoot us! I take 2 hits but I luckily killed him. My friend comes running over to help me. I knew I was dieing and we didn't have any bandages (or so I thought) he starts to type something but since hes from another country he has to translate it then all the sudden out of nowhere the bandits friend comes and shoots my friend so I shoot him in the head. 11/10 great experience better than dayz where you like FRIENDLY boom respawn in 30 seconds. Soz for grammer and english errors I am not english but am learning it very well.
76561198006107611,Recommended,299740,24455440,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Neromanser,"Well this is the first game Ive given a review on so here it gose.Ive played for 43h so far and deffinatly recomend this to both single players and friends. Its a lot of fun surviving with friends and the sheer horror of facing your first mutant or wolf pack is just a panic fest, not to mention the tention of seeing another player, waiting for them to yell friendly or just all out fire fight will happen.I have to say murdering your fellow survivors is a great feeling, but the acomplishemnt you can do as a team is rather pleasing aswell. The update made it playable and the atmosfere of the game is 10/10."
76561197982966825,Recommended,299740,22805128,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,luCid,"Saw this game at PAX East, and got to talk to one of the folks in the booth for a bit. I felt bad that I didn't take the opportunity to play, as while we were chatting about the horror/survival genre in general (a la The Forest, Amnesia, DayZ, etc.) a few spots opened up. I declined to play, but did want to check back in to say that this game is absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is addictive: slinking around an apocalyptic mountain region, looting anything you can find in an effort to either not get mauled by a roaming zombie, or killed by another player. What's not to like?The day/night cycles are amazing, and I just witnessed my first lightning storm which was incredible; CryEngine FTW. And while friendly confrontations with players are possible, most end in bloodshed, but some are akin to two ships passing in the night, if you're lucky - and not armed enough to want to attack the other person :-)Crafting is interesting; it seems like it would take a _lot_ of effort to build a structure. I was lucky enough to find a hatchet during a random spawn once, and given the inventory size, it just wasn't feasible. Even with several more slots; I'm also not sure I'd want to put effort into a structure that I probably won't be able to find later, but maybe there's an ability to set a respawn point; not sure, but that'd be ideal. I have many an hour on ARK, and while dying in hardcore survival is expected, I do feel as though I really shouldn't get attached to any items whatsoever in Miscreated since I've yet to recover a body. I don't mind this though - I've read a lot of quibbling about loot being too sparse, and that happens to be a major plus for me; loot is extremely valuable in this game; that's awesome; it's a bold choice that not a lot of games take, and I think that really set it apart from the rest."
,Recommended,299740,33564361,Posted: 15 July,all,Undertow :3,"This review is going to be targeted at the negative reviewers. Lately the top negative reviews are coming from people who haven't played the game enough to know how to get ahead and have a good time doing it. Thruth be told that the game is in alpha and there are many many things that may need polished and/or reworked, it doesn't mean its a bad game at all. So time to give a little incite as to what it's like to play AND ENJOY Miscreated.So from an experienced player in Miscreated i'm going to share what I know and my opinion of the game and address some of the common misconceptions people get from playing the game for a few hours not knowing what they're doing.+ Loot is not a problem. A lot of people say that loot is super rare and you can never find guns. that is not true. You just have to know where to look. The spawn system in the game spawns loot everywhere (literally), but obviously it's better in certain spots. There's many videos on YouTube if you want to get some tips in where to look for loot in Miscreated, a few tips of my own are to always look in cars (especially police cars), to check the tops of dressers and shelves, and to leave no stone unturned. Look everywhere, once you get a feel of the game you can sweep through houses and towns swiftly and if you're lucky you can get fully geared in less than 20 mins.+ Combat is difficult. I had a hard time getting used to the combat, it seems unfair and often makes you rage when you get shot once and die, but the other day you shot a guy 4 times with a shotgun and he didn't. It's painful, but that's the way it's meant to be. It's the same way for everyone. I think it needs to be polished up quite a bit, but it's fine where it is at the moment. If you play smart and watch your surroundings you can avoid being attacked in most scenerios; being snuck up on always happens though. It takes a long time to get used to the combat and the aiming (it's more gritty than traditional shooters in my opinion). You will die alot, but if it wasnt this hard then it wouldn't be as rewarding. Luckily, the map is urban asf so you can dissapear faster than your dad 8 years ago. Keep in mind that not everyone has the time for this or has the patience, if this game isn't for you then don't post a negative review just because of that.+ Play with friends. The game can be easier in a group and more enjoyable (as is in most survival games). If you want Miscreated just to have a laugh with friends and have some survival combat aswell then play with your friends. If you have no friends (lel) then don't worry, not everyone in miscreated is a bandit. Trying to find people to group up with isn't hard, but there will always be people that don't want to and will just kill you :P that's just how it is.+ - The game also has RP potential (if you're into that); you can hold people up and take their sht then ride off in atransit bus with your squad. Sit around the campfire and tell stupid stories or some sht. Get on teamspeak or discordor whatever and try to focus on having a good time more than getting phat loot becuase you'll have more fun.+ - The map is barren. Not like in a desert wasteland, but as an urban wasteland. There are so many nooks and crannies and hidden places that there's a bit too much. It's not really bad but not really good either. People will complain that the map is small in regards as to where you can actually find people and useful things and that is understandable, but not everyone likes to explore the map just to explore or maybe not enough of a beefy PC that it's cool to do so. The game is BEAUTIFUL. The graphics is a big + to the game; optimization isn't too horible either. I do believe that some more hidden areas could be more rewarding, but some of them already are; people just don't bother to search for them.+ - IT'S NOT FINNISHED! Combat is not polished and reworked enough yet to be perfect. The map isn't complete yet. Key game systems such as armor and hitboxes were just added. Base building is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is in early access and things are being added and polished constantly; the devs really listen to their playerbase and update the game accordingly. They put in a massive effort to make this game and are still working on it so give them some credit. They can do things in what ever order they please so don't b*tch about one thing or the other while they're working on something else; they'll get to it eventually because they're good devs. Not everyone has the patience for this and posts toxic comments on updates ignoring all the improvements that were just made to the game. Chill out kid ur twelv it's in aplha.+ The game is worth it's $. Miscreated is only $20 and is on sale on occasionally on weekends and most holidays. Pick the b*tch up for $5 to $10 on a sale and give it a go; it's damn well worth $30-$40 for people that can learn to enjoy it.+ Servers are not a problem. There are servers for people who like it full to the brim with lads fighting like rats over the guy with the duffle bag. There are servers with moderate population (which i recommend 15-25) so not every town is looted to the last drop and there is enough people to where you encounter them often. Or if you're lame and just want to play alone there's probably an empty server where you can be lame I guess. And atleast for me ping isn't and issue either; I can find my perfect server in less than 2 mins and bookmark it for later.So to sum it up it's a good game with lots of potential and its getting improved all the time. If you don't have the patience to deal with dying or don't have enough time to have consumed by this game then it might not be for you. Survival games aren't for everyone; that doesnt mean that survival games r bad just because you don't truly like them. This is a damn good game. It's okay to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and not play the game for a while because in my opinion it's a hardcore game.Basically git gud and/or have fun or git out. jkI rate the game and the plane crash in Hayward 9/11."
,Recommended,299740,23930635,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Noob Noob,Its development started off a bit shaky but the Dev's dedication and passion has shined through the rough patch with its latest update. The new city is amazing and the weather effects are so immersive. I would highly reccomend this to anyone with a passion for survival mmo's!
,Recommended,299740,24157412,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kiro,"So basically, this isn't a true review, not yet really! Just a first impressions to the game, but take it how you will!I joined an RP server cause.. less KOS'ing and more story which is never a bad thing!The RP server I joined had one other person on it, which is fine, gave me time to learn the controlls and the game.. which there was only one problem (which isn't really a problem it was fun) it was night time.. but! It's not like other games where you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you get a flashlight that's actually a flashlight! Illuminating most of your screen and working how you'd expect it to work! Woo!The Ambience was amazing, sounds were both cheerful and spooky at the same time..  and the menu music.. I could listen to that alone!Mutants aren't that hard to deal with if you know what you're doing, but one mistake will HURT which is what you should expect when dealing with a creature the size of a human but stronger.  Gun play is decent and over all the game just felt nice!  Plus there's alot of things to loot so you don't starve or die of dehydration *COUGH* DAYZ * COUGH*So, do I recommend this game? So far, yes! But be warned, it'll take a bit to find a decent gun so.. take your time, don't go and rush the mutants and be calm and collected and you'll do fine! <3Edit #1!  So! After playing a little bit more into the game, I've only had one instance of my screen locking up and I had to force quit the game, but that's it!  The game has had nothing but great atmosphere, well done buildings that.. do get repetative I'm sure, but I'm a looter so.. hehe!Even the RP server I was on was great! Friendly staff which will look up instances of KOSing as long as you can prove it, so if you are to join the server.. Have something to record your gameplay! If you're into that sort of thing.Plus got stuck on a water tower for 30 mins talking to a guy while wolves surrounded it.. was a good time :)"
76561198126505357,Recommended,299740,15145390,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Darkstox,"Visuals and progress of development seems to be moving along at a good pace. This game has a lot of potential to be the best of its genre. I would recommend this game to my friends and the steam community, but not just yet. That's simply only because at the moment there isn't really to much to do in-game. I do expect great things to keep rolling out from the dev's though, so far they have been very interactive with there players and are always open to feedback. This is probably one of the best early access dev teams currently, and that says a lot about them really especially for how small of a team they are. So in short this is a great game, i personally wouldnt buy it until they add some more features, but if your looking for a game to support that has the means to be the next big thing. Then THIS is the game to support!"
76561198066677167,Recommended,299740,16367781,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,usabigcountry,"Good bye Day Z (you piece of junk), and Hello Miscreated!"
,Recommended,299740,28464815,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,⌖ PROmod ⌖™®,"One day a new spawn, he looted and scavenged and was put in to some sticky situations .in time he became familair with the land and weapons and crafting skills .he decides to make base so puts down his plot sign and builds his home .  in his home hes stored scavenged goods,and his beloved wheels .  one now has people moving in on plots next to him and have becoume friendly naighbers , one night we all went out on the hunt me and my naighbers , tooled up to are teeth camo gear and rifles , we looted . we killed zombies ,we defended are selfs against a pack of wolfs , we shot deer for supper . we spoke to kind folk and we also came across a guy who refuesed to talk or type or comunicate in anyway stood there acting realy dodgey. and seemed a deviant chap. we bound his hands and continued to question him ,still he refused to talk . a shot to the leg and he hoped about dancing i could see he was in pain and bleeding a team mate offerd him band aid .something came over me i dint see the point . it was like a run over moose figting for its life but he was human . i had to tell  my team mates to close there eyes cos what i was gonna do next is in my blood , i came behind the captive and exicuted him 12 guage buck shot to back of the head .  there was a deadly gasp of awwww shock horror and i could tell my team mates was gonna puke it was cold and a cold blooded feeling that ive just murderd some one innocent ,guilt overcame me i felt so bad , ive just killed a man cold hearted exicution , i do some times wounder if i let the captive go would he still be alive today .. me i live with the guilt but thats miscreated"
76561198104203371,Recommended,299740,29570760,Posted: 29 January,all,Smacked Ass,Good game to kill an hour or two11/10
76561198016579597,Recommended,299740,23105453,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RedX,"If you like dayz except want an acutal functional game with amazing frames and graphics then this is that. It's what dayz is trying and failing to be. It takes the style of dayz with the functionality of items in h1z1 (which is terrible now) with zombies that need a bit of work but are there. All in all the game experience is what matters. Cars are relatively easy to fix up without having to stress over losing them. Guns are everywhere if you know where to look and the fight for survival becomes a focus when you encounter groups and clans. That said, this game is in alpha and with a few bugs and improvments in the future this game stands at a 7.5 out of 10 with it easily being a 9 when they hit the final version. The main concern at the moment is storage and zombies. The only way to store items at the moment is in vehicles which despawn after not being used for 2 days. Secondly, the zombies (mutants) are far and few with a low focus on gameplay as it stands. The game could do with a lot more of them and slower ones that make it feel as if they're not quite human. All in all It's absolutely worth the pickup and the community is more and more active. Come join us in the fun!~ DEAD NATION"
76561197962405690,Recommended,299740,24124733,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,🈶👺 M🅰️K🅾,"Disappointed with Day-Z, utterly ashamed with the progress in H1z1? This game has elements from both and multiplies them by 10!  The little details and nuances that were missing from those 2 games, are in here, on top of that CryEngine graphics, makes this probably the best Survival MMO out there today. It is still missing some content that you would like to see in a Survival MMO, but patches are being churned out very quickly with new  additions. You can actually see progress done by the devs, instead of constant balancing and reaggregation of the old content that you see in other Survival MMOs *cough* H1Z1♥♥♥♥♥♥*cough*Game started out pretty weak on content and oldish graphics, that's why most people just passed it, but look at the game's playerbase on SteamDB, this game is blowing up after last few updates which improved the game greatly . With recent updates this game just surpassed pretty much all open-world zombie-survival games.Pros:GraphicsContent (compared to other Survival MMOS)Communicative DevsConstant updates with noticeable content additionsVariety of weapons and secondary weapons such as superfun Chemlights and Smoke nadesFar draw distance which lets you other players at very long range with the help of their own flashlight in the night, or your sniper scope. DayZ only game that comes close in this area.Beautiful weather and time of the day phasesBeautiful atmosphere with little details such as falling leaves and bird chirping in the morning.Only game with a large city (unfinished currently)Bicycles, ATVs, Trucks, Carrier Trucks, Buses!Base building (better than in any other Survival MMO)General freedom of action in regards to building, item handling.No cheaters yet.Cons:Small Map (but very detailed with things to do around). Can be traversed in 30 to 45 min on foot.Low max player cap on servers (but so far it works ok since map isnt large yet)Current dropped items and dead bodies despawn at random timesVehicle hoardingcurrently 8/10 as it is only alpha, with a potential 10/10 when it is fully playable."
,Recommended,299740,22748898,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,pistasheo,"Truckin through a forest with a buddy stocked with guns, ammo, oil, gas, ready for a night of ruckus. 5min in accidentally got the truck stuck in a stream which was mildly amusing but the truck then blew up destroying everything we had. Spent the rest of the night finding/gearing an ATV.10/10 would play again"
76561198239981504,Recommended,299740,22578534,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Prisepic,"This game is exactly how a post-apocalyptic MMO should have been and developed. I have played DayZ and Miscreated; personally, Miscreated scores the win on this one. The game runs smooth on ultra with the gameplay and combat much more satisfying than DayZ. And like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DayZ throws on us, this game is actually developing with regards to what the early access players want. Currently there are enough number of weapons to satisfy the marksman in you, but more are being added with each upcoming patch! Moreover, if you're into co-op, there are a few friendly servers that maintain a healthy relationship between every player. Now it's impossible to find a less-eccentric player that does not want blow a hole through your head in DayZ. So Miscreated is worth the buy and I recommend one buys it now because with it's potential, it might increase the price once the early access is done, which I'm pretty sure will happen soon.In short, Miscreated is the best of it's kind on Steam right now. I wonder how it has 'mixed' reviews..."
,Not Recommended,299740,29322383,Posted: 17 January,all,Thighlander,"Miscreated is a great game with A LOT of potential. In the games current state, it is way better than DayZ SA. However if you are looking for a 'real' survival game that is further along I would say this is not the game to buy. This game in it's current state to me, feels more like a FFA than a survival game. Base building, hunting for food is not necessary to survive in this game. You just need a gun and ammo. Food is so common that if you die to starvation or thirst you should probably take a good look in the mirror and play another game.The only real thing to do is kill people and die (as of right now) and there are games out there that do THAT way better. So far i've noticed that a large majority of the community are below the age of 18 who scream racial and offensive slurs at the top of their lungs, drives around killing fresh spawns while playing vulgar and racial music. With the minority being (people associated withS.tars A.nd S.tripes, very good, mature people). And that alone is why I don't recommend this game at full price if you aren't apart of the small percentage of mature people. I recommend you wait until it goes on sale if you REALLY want to give it a shot. This game has so much potential, it is already visually stunning and I can already tell that 1-3 years later this will be a fantastic game to play as the devs have already planned out what they intend to do with Miscreated in 2017. So knowing that, the only reason you should buy this game is if you want to support the devs. Otherwise, just wait to actually 'get into it'.In conclusion, if you are looking for a survival game that is more well developed. I'll say your best bet is to buy ArmA III and play the mods: Breaking Point, Epoch, or Exile. At least with ArmA III you get a full game WITH tons of mods as well as the steam workshop all for one price.(Also, if you are familiar with Breaking Point mod for ArmA III then you know that a SA version is in the making right now and has been for a few months now. Something everyone should REALLY look foward to as Breaking Point SA will without a doubt be the greatest survival game on the market. Definitely check it out.)-Golden"
76561198327231070,Not Recommended,299740,35081411,Posted: 20 September,all,Awshkee,"Okay so, this used to be my favourite game to play. Great graphics, great gameplay (wait for it), and great zombies! BUUUUT...then came the toxic, cancerous, filthy, and nasty people...You can walk around naked without a single item on you and you will still be killed for nothing. People ruined this game and the developers couldnt come up with a way to keep them in line. You can get killed simply for looking at other people's direction. All the hours spent building bases, gathering loot, finding decent car...just a waste of time. Some idiot will sneak up behind you and kill you for the fun of it. Its all good except for the cancer community that keep killing people for no reason and ruin the fun for everyone.Graphics: 8/10Idea of the game: 6/10 (Since its not a new idea)Miscreated community: 1/10"
,Recommended,299740,24345027,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,XythØs,"Well, I love this game.Miscreated is a horror survival game set somewhere in the United States where the remaining population must overcome eachother and the mutants that plague the world.This game has a very good community, very good and active developers, it is very well optimized, has a lot of content such as weapons, base building, craftables, and vehicles to name a few and this game also looks amazing!Although this game does have a few bugs, such as tires popping and vehicles taking damage if you drive them offroad and sometimes loot disappears into the groud.I just pulled a six hour session and this is what happened:My friend and I spawn in near the Amalgamated Airfield. We loot it, run to this house and camp there until the tornado passes. After the tornado passes, we make a small camo netted shelter and crate to put some valueables in and begin our quest to go to the big city. Along the way to the big city, we kills 10 wolves, avoid 3 armed people, make one friend and lose him, find a Fallout shelter in the mountains, and piece together what we think the story of the game is. Now, we're at the city, we find very good gear and are exploring the Capital Munch when a group of three roll up and we ditch. My friend logs off for the night but me being the trooper that I am, I continue. I wait the guys out, get even more gear then find the best thing in the entire goddamn game. The Bus. I spend 45 minutes finding all the parts for it, drive it out of the city to a safe spot, then all the tires pop because this German guy shot them out with his shotgun. We exchange words and bullets in Deutsch. I overcame my German rifle and found the military sniper on his body, and proceeded to go to the woods and log off for the night overwhelming with joy. Until I logged in the next morning and accidently dropped the rifle and lost it.Seriously, buy this game. It has so much to offer and has a lot more to come. Leaps and bounds better than the likes of H1Z1, Exile Mod, DayZ standalone, and DayZ mod. Honestly I'd say this is the best survival game out there.One last thing... not a single hacker."
,Recommended,299740,23948200,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Timmy Time,"Hey you lot, just gotta say played this game for a good while now, and i've had some good cheeky bantz with the lads and i gotta say i'd rate it a great 8/8 no hate appreciate!"
,Recommended,299740,18708964,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,PS4 > PC,"Imagine a version of DayZ that isnt completley broken with hackers, bugs and 15 FPS, along with a dev team that doesnt leave with all your money. This is miscreated :)"
,Not Recommended,299740,20243489,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SER | åvø,"It's called Miscreated for a reason.People will chase each other for 10 minutes shooting, swinging bats, and cursing at each other until someone finally dies. The PVP needs to be renovated.. desperately. I feel like I'd have a better chance of hitting the Megamillion Lottery than hitting anything in this game. You get the feel for it after awhile, however it's far from perfect.Last time we died, we were run over by a car. The interesting thing was, we hid behind a stationary deployable on the map in ample time.. yet we still both died.We recently found a car and made it operational. After dieing at inconvenient times, we would reunite with the car and drive it once more. This time, out of nowhere, the car blows up. We had 83% health before venturing into the next town. Suddenly, while cruising down the road, the car catches on fire. The car lost 60% health in about 2 minutes flat (we had not been in a firefight). About 15 seconds later, as we're trying to pull the inventory from the car, it explodes. Cars are a nice touch in this game, but by far the buggiest feature. Sometimes they will start rubberbanding and leave you stranded without your gear. Game over.This game has potential, but it needs work..a lot of work.PVP: 2 / 10. I didn't give it a 1 because the weapon selection and models are above average. Using them is a different story.Team Gameplay: 6.5/10. Clans exist, I assume this helps team players with certain aspects of the game. Finding each other will take ages until you learn the map. The only real way to find each other is by suciding. Of course, if one of you has stuff on them, you're going to lose all of it. Once you're at a common location, you're good to go. There is no teleporting (which is good for sake of realism). You're on your own for quite a long time until you learn the map. With that said, playing with others is quite enjoyable. The social aspect of this game gives it its playability.Building: -5/10. There is no point to building a base. There is no storage in this game. Blueprints are hard to find. The structures do not clip together. It will take you about 1 hour to make a 1x2 base, and that's not counting the door and other essentials. You pretty much have to dedicate your life to base building for 0 return. Some people box a car in their base, so they can store stuff in it. Problem is, cars despawn.Playability factor: 6/10. Despite all of the shortcomings of this game, it engages me quite well. It is a good game to play when there is nothing else to do. Unfortunately, it seems you never really win in this game because of the bugs. For instance, you have no way of knowing which server you're in. If you want a friend to join your game, you're just out of luck. You can't join via Steam. You can't find out the server's name. You just have to quit and join a common server.Graphics: 7/10. Cry Engine is quite intensive, but it's worth it. On highest settings using 1080p, the game looks great. The devs did a good job on the map. Unfortunately, there are not enough player models and unique houses, etc.Bug example: -Car glitched and placed me outside of the map (also if you notice, the glitched hitbox of the car killed that guy with little to no contact) -https://youtu.be/rwavSrN8qo8-Radiation continues to kill you after you respawn-Bikes can't be ran over by cars, so they're impenetrable-Can't aim down the sights with a shotgun (shotgun ammo glitches in front of sights) -http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=636908453http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=636908466"
,Recommended,299740,15163620,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Slurry,It's just a better version of DayZ. I like it.
76561198035613244,Recommended,299740,21303376,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Komu,"After 3 hours wandering around the map I made a human contact. Got shot by a shotgun and two guys started to chase me. Hearing shotgun shots behind me and heavily bleeding I managed to take a tiny lead to these brutal survivors. Behind me I hear two guys yelling at me english with bad accent including very offensive words in Polish. They wanted my hammer and offered friendship with them, if I would give them the hammer. Finally after 15 minute chase I bled out while swimming in a river, not giving them the hammer.Pretty much what would happen in real life.An advice for other players, don't trust Slaavs who wants your hammer while shooting you with a shotgun.It's a DayZ but it actually works smoothly--9/10--"
76561198047197893,Recommended,299740,16338947,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dubbel V,"Hello guys, maybe i am not the one to speak with my 30-50 min ingame but i will try to tell you guys the pros and cons about this game! :DPros:- really nice graphics- Extremely beatiful Nature- Stable servers (as long as i have been playing)- Fun with a crafting system- Nice day and night cycles- Good combat system- Easy to learn if you are interested in survival games- Overall a good looking gameCons:- Bugs (because alpha!)- A bit awkward 3rd person view- Somewhat hard to seem some props (loot)- A bit of shoot on site community!My enjoyent: I really dig this game it´s a really really good pre alpha i must say, And i like that the developers take notice if something is wrong. I really enjoy this game because i get a special feeling while playing it, maybe its because it looks so good. I would recommend this game to all survival fanatics. and its worth 7 euros on sale aswell! check it out i promise you will not be disapointed! ( maybe i am not so bad at english but sorry if something is written in bad english :D)"
76561197970606429,Recommended,299740,21323700,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Will G,https://youtu.be/hemLy7Ltj1UThis is going to be a big game if they continue polishing it. Runs well and lots to do already. I'd recommend anyone to pick it up if they like openworld and want a DayZ expereince that is actually playable
,Recommended,299740,26252379,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Daddy Cool,"This review will be updated the more I dive into the game. It is an early access game so it should be treated as one.Its a post-apocalyptic survival game set on a 64 square km map, same as h1z1 but with more realistic terrain. You fight mutants, which behave like zombies. There is a few types of mutants atm and more will be added with updates.--- There is quite a few weapons in the game atm, ranging from knives to axes, from pistols to automatic rifles.--- Base building -> going to update this when I try it. Best watch the developer stream for best info on basebuilding.--- Best part you may ask? Active updates! The game had more updates recently than most survival games ever had.---You can use cars to get from one point to another, but first you have to check which components are missing.--- Crytek engine.--- Logical loot placementEDIT:---Weapon attachments added to the game--- Mp5/Vector added to the game--- Performance improved--- Big chunk of map unlockedFurther info will be added later :). Highly recommend the game, but keep in mind the game is early access and might be missing features."
76561198124707815,Recommended,299740,15550858,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Squatchkill,"Great game visually! the devs put a great deal of detail in the world. Everywhere u go there is something cool and unique to see. regular updates and an active team make this a great early alpha to get into and follow as it continues to improve every week. The team hosts regular twitch streams where players can chat about new game content and give their opinions while being answered.side note. today i witnessed a murder in an alley way in pinecrest. the poor victim only had a hammer and a beanie... i was too late to save him, but i could avenge him. the bandit didnt know what hit him. BAM!! i pistol wipped him in the back of the head. Pow!!! i shot , his body fell to  slump beside the dumpsters. rats scampered over to his body  and began gnawing. suddenly i heard two trucks accelerating towards me. i jumped out of the way just in time. one of the truck drivers got stuck on the light post, i pulled up my shotgun and loaded a slug in it... steadied my aim and let that slug fly. it broke clean through the windshield and found his head. i then jumped into the truck and made a run for it , the second truck followed me in hot presuit. he finally started trying to spin me out by a downed helicopter but it did not work , his own truck flipped out of control and crashed besides the black hawk. i made a clean get away with a truck full of loot and a clean concious knowing that i avenged an innocent soul."
76561198117173630,Recommended,299740,15055656,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,-(HB)-Buddha,Recent updates have made this game a very underated survival mmo.  I do hope to see more people on U. S. servers soon.
76561198047378313,Recommended,299740,29290534,Posted: 15 January,all,Rase -iwnl-_-Fried- Csgoroll.com,Okay this game is a slow paced survival that still has some work for it including the crafting system certain items take awhile to craft and can cause you to be killed or just waste time. Basically to sum this game up I tried playing a few days ago and I roamed around and found a canadian we worked together until we reached the airport killing a few zombies we then found this zombie that looked like the ♥♥♥♥ing hulk and then we lost eachother and I got chased and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by this hulk being hope this review helps you buy this game lmao its an experience haha.
76561198059838757,Recommended,299740,24327617,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Envisionist22,"AS for right now this is where miscreated stands for me. 3.5 out of 5 STARSPros- The gameplay is fun, as long as your not in a server filled with A holes.- The game setup is pretty awsome too, with some crafting and base building options.- Awsome graphics but i expected this from cry-engine.- Dispite the flaws its still worth a buy but preferably on saleCons- Not optimized for cpu usage, my system runs much more intense games without hickups.- very laggy- Game crashes constantly and server connection issues- Did i mention the A holes who play it ?? not a con, but it just goes with survival games i guess =D- most cons are on performance issues of the way the game runs.OverallGame is worth a try, i purchased it on sale and i don't regret it. If you find it on sale hop on it. Despite the performance issues of the game and servers, i still found hours of fun playing miscreated."
76561198069391931,Not Recommended,299740,30839669,Posted: 30 March,all,♥IT'S_MUFFIN_TIME♥,"(English is not my first language so plz cut me some slack)The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ looks nice, cool concept but poor elaborationWant to build a shelter?Good luck finding that axe or hatchet because that is the only way to gather woodFinally found that axe, made some structures and ready to build that shelter!Too bad you need a land claim board first!Goodluck finding those damn nails!Took me more than 1 our to create 4 platforms and 12 shelterwalls... great...But hey don't forget that weight limit on that backpack (if you find one)!Better not drop those items because the ground will eat themLet's make a storage box for all those items.Too bad you can only put 1 box on your claimed area (+8 slots AMAZING!!!)Well at least you have 4 slots for that gun, axe, flashlight, pickaxe, ect.How unfortunate that only 2 of those slots can be used for weapons (guns, baseballbat, axe, ect.)And how unfortunate that you can't put weapons in your backpackSay goodbye too that baseballbat or 2nd gun you found!Who needs a spare anyway?Want your own server? Better get your wallet because that♥♥♥♥♥♥is gonna cost you some cash!The dedicated server files are not public!Want to leave the server? First a 30 sec timer because why the f*ck not?Stuck? Glitched?Too bad you need to wait 300 seconds to commit suicide.And let's not forget the community, 90% shoots on sight and 10% is scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥But hey encounters are rare!The un-install button works fine tho!!!The title serves this game right"
76561198141989944,Recommended,299740,16339050,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Give me food pls,I shot a mutanat 37 times in the head with a Glock and he didn't even flinch...used an axe and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ went down in a few swings. Thanks obama!!
,Recommended,299740,33497700,Posted: 13 July,all,The Horny Toaster,"Dude, listen to the good about this game. It's incredible. Meet enemies, meet friends, play alone or with a buddy; it's a damn great experience. There is no stupid HUD, easy accessible map, auto-join on friend; though that's what makes this game so realistic and amazing. Take the time to search, thoroughly, & find what's needed to survive in the world of Miscreated. It's a masterpiece hiding behind mixed reviews. You won't regret your purchase as long as your into the real, NON arcade, life-like games that makes you WANT to check every direction before entering that house or crossing that road. Thank you developers, for giving my buddies & I a reason to play and come together for an awesome experience. Can't wait to continue watching this roll along and what great updates come to pass."
76561198058567598,Recommended,299740,18600347,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Danny,"Well let me start with, DONT BE FOOLED WITH THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS.Most of the negative reviews are people who got the game and started hating on it before they even launched it as it Early access and asked for a refund before they clicked play!! Also this game has been heavly modifed and improved the last 2 months which sets a side the negative views from the past as honestly wasnt that good.YES IT ♥♥♥♥ING IS EARLY ACCESS but let me tell you something its a ♥♥♥♥ing good early access game. I had a game for 3 days and yes there are a few bug here and there but non of them stop you from playing the game.For example: Flickering lght, Yes it has been noticed by the devs and its being worked on but there is a simple fix. Restart the game.  BOOM DONE OMFG its magic. (it rarly ever happens)Another example: Can click on a teb or cant find a server. BOOM restart DONE!!! (happned once out of 35 times i launched it.This game has so much potential and dont get me started on the graphics and it by far has the best looking graphics then any other survival game out there. (this game makes dayz look like a 2d game)So back to the game play.I personnaly like the hardcore gameplay and finding people in game now is not a problem. Recently its been getting attention as it should. It takes a while to loot up as that is relistic and not everyone has guns which means alot of melee action and if they do have a gun the gun probably dont have more then 8 shots . as ammon is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing rare.If I were to rate the game on the gameplay it would be 10/10Fluent and stable game                                                     8/10  There are minor bugs but non affect gameplay as a simple restart would do.Should you get it. HELL YES if you are willing to start the game with a smile."
,Recommended,299740,30633902,Posted: 20 March,all,Strange,"Miscreated is built in CryEngine so it looks really nice, and I have to say I'm really impressed with how smoothly it's been running for me, nearly always between 60-70 fps on my GeForce GTX 980 (with some occasional dips for a few minutes after first joining a server). It's still an Early Access title, of course, and I've had that familiar Early Access problem: twice I've loaded the game and found the character I'd been gearing up completely wiped from existence. Servers (those close enough to me that I get a good ping) also seem to be either overstuffed with players or practically empty, which makes finding a medium population server a challenge (I like having people around, but not tons of them).I'm still loving it. It's got the wonderful tension of spotting another player and having no real idea how they'll greet you, with a wave (or the request that you teach them to wave) or a hail of bullets. I hope it remains so for a while—over my many hours of DayZ it became less and less likely to run into a player who didn't immediately kill you on sight. And I'm not opposed to KOS, really. All's fair. I just love a game in which it isn't a foregone conclusion, and right now, Miscreated seems to have a healthy mix of friendly, indifferent, and non-friendly players. Here's hoping it stays that way."
,Recommended,299740,22579803,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SaintBear,Wow. What a great game. Alot of fun. I try to be the peacekeeper and i help those who dont have alot. but you have to be careful. fun game
,Recommended,299740,21373693,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hapucore,Probably the best 10 bucks I ever spent.
76561198032295926,Recommended,299740,24070260,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AntitheticProphet,"Wow, this one just keeps getting better. The devs seem to be quite invested in this game with updates coming in often. The visuals are fantastic, the immersion is top notch. The map is quite large with varied terrain and towns. The PVP action is tense and the control is pretty good.It runs very good on my old PC, I do have a pretty good graphics card (gtx 970)but the rest of my rig is getting a bit outdated.Well worth a check for you if you are into these type of games. Looting can be a bit slow at times (of course luck can strike) but for me at least, that's part of the fun of these games and makes the PVP (or PVE sometimes) exciting and meaningfull.Looking forward to the future of this one, It's really looking like this one will be great."
76561198034138902,Recommended,299740,13688708,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MrTrippy,"This is a beautiful looking game, but lacks features and things to do! Once you've explored the map, you only have the players to rely on for entertainment... that usually ends with a lot of KOS (Kill on sight).Graphically this game is amazing, but I cant give it a thumbs up until theres more to do :(EDIT: 18/10/2015My recommendation for this game has changed from no to yes! It's not without the odd bug or 2 but you have to remember its still in alpha.2nd Edit: 26/6/2016Ever since vehicles and base building were added to the game I've been glued to it! The map has seen mutliple expansions and upgrades, including the new city (playable through experimental) which is so big its daunting!! The environment does a really good job with immersion!Along with the new city patch #36 has added a lot more features to the game to make it a true survival experience. You can hunt wildlife and cook the meat to survive, and use rivers/ponds for water to truely live off the land! Last night we spent 3+ hours playing like that, we were still doing PVP/PVE but with the added challenge of not eating canned food found around the map.If you enjoy games like DayZ and/or H1Z1 I honestly believe you will love this game!"
,Recommended,299740,27381628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RejectedFPS,"Ohhhhhh, Miscreated.... What things it's done for me. The thing about Miscreated is, yea you can do it alone, but if you have friends that have it, it's WAYYYYY better. My friend convinced me to buy Miscreated at the beginning of summer, and oh my what things we have done. Even though I only played with one friend, it was still a blast none the less. Miscreated has pretty much carried me through the summer and strengthened many bonds. What started out as people I ran into and asking for a can of soup have become some of my best friends. Through the many many nights my friends and I have stayed up till 4-6 am in the morning, it has all been worth it.I usually go by a rule with games, for every dollar I spend, I at least want 1 hour of playtime. And while my ~80 hours doesn't look like much compared to other games I have like CS:GO and Rust with ~600 hours each (BTW great games, if you haven't bought them already, look into them) the hours I spent on here were some of my funest. Miscreated is very weird in the way that you don't need to be stacked to have fun. Whether it was running around towns ♥♥♥♥ing up freshies with our hundreds of ammo, or just running around 'usting' (our term for kicking) geared kids. The strange thing is, me and my friends can almost recall every fun moment we had with the game, all dating back to the beginning of summer 2016.As a conclusion to this review, I just wanted to say how much this game has done for me, if I haven't shown you already. Just a recap, it carried me through summer, we stayed up many nights playing it, we met awesome people on the way, and we had so many good times with it. And the last thing I said, which is very important to me, was strengthening bonds with my friends.  The reason this is so important you ask? Because I had moved 3-4 years prior to today, and me and my old friends hadn't talked for the majority of that time. All until I first made contact with one of them while they were having a party. We met on Skype and I didn't really think much of it, I just thought it was a one time thing and then we were going to stop talking. But it most definitley wasn't. They added me on Skype and we chatted every now and again, but it was very awkward at first. We moved to Discord and even though I was pretty close with most of them, some of them I barley knew. That was until Miscreated came into my life, and those friends I barley knew have become some of my closest friends. Anyways, long story aside, this game is amazing, and it is definitley worth it's $20 price tag.-Thanks ""Ratio"" for the inspiration to write my long review again."
76561198170244829,Recommended,299740,23696103,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,peeeuu,I recommend this game to people who love intense gun fights and pretty much intense anything.Waiting for update with storage and ill be back. Best survival game ive played. Had to edit real quick just letting you guys know the update happened.
,Recommended,299740,21321347,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SATAN,Ok I dont know how this game is not more popular. I have played this for 30 mins and already I love it. The graphics are amazing. Have not noticed any glitches or bugs yet. But im sure there are some. Either way this game is totally worth the price and I would recomend it for sure. Plz devs if you read this dont be sell outs like dayz and give up on the game after awhile. This has so much potential and i know this could be a big hit. I will try my hardest to get my friends to jump over to this game. And I love how you can clearly see what they do in there updates. Some awesome updates have happened to this game already from what i read. Anyways back to the game i go :)
,Recommended,299740,18578222,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Russian Hacker,beats DayZ by miles.GG DayZ
76561198174236999,Recommended,299740,15628780,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,WiMPy,"I am enjoying this game the more I play it, even in its Alpha or pre-Alpha state.  Lots of potential and the Devs seem to listen to the playing comunity about ways to increase itss appeal."
,Not Recommended,299740,33813179,Posted: 26 July,all,skully,"it's a pvp fest, like DayZ or Rust.  i don't know about everyone else, but when I buy a game under the ""survival"" tag, i want it to actually be survival, not ""run around find a gun and shoot randoms,"" it is a pretty game though, but gunplay and gameplay overall is lacking.  i recently bought Next Day: Survival for less than half the price of this game, and I am much more impressed by that in terms of gameplay and enjoyability."
,Recommended,299740,31071964,Posted: 10 April,all,Spafbi,"I love Miscreated. I like it so much that I not only run two servers for this game,butI've also bought four copies of the game (once for each person in my home)!This game is a great post-apocalyptic survival romp on a fictional Pacific Northwest coastal island. There's great PvP action on most servers, PvE on some servers (some are better than others in this area), and even a few roleplay servers.What can you do in Miscreated? Scavenge for food, clothing, and weapons. Fix up cars, trucks, and four wheelers to drive around. You can kill mutants, get chewed on by a two-headed dog, hunt wolves for meat, and hunt other players. You can explore caves, a fishing village, other settlements/neighborhoods on the island, an airport, and even a city. Not in the mood to explore? Then place a plot sign to claim you own corner of the island and build a base.I personally really enjoy teaming up with other players to do basebuilding, scavenging, or even to take on groups of other players in some excellent PvP action!So what is there for players to complain about?There's not enough loot!  Actually, there is; you just need to learn where to find it. And it's a survival game, so food, drink, weapons, and vehicles aresupposedto be hard to find. IMO, it's too easy to find loot, but I also have over 1100 hours of experience in the game telling me where to find things and can get geared up in ten minutes in my first time on a server.Bugs! It's an alpha and there's a small team of dedicated developers behind this game; they work on the game around the clock. Even so, there will be bugs. Some players might think the developers are ignoring certain bugs, but it really comes down to the fact that some bugs are more easily squashed than others.Some players think that the developers waste time by putting in minor features rather than fixing bugs. The truth is that, like most development teams, the developers each have their own areas of focus and responsibility; just because one developer or artist has a few cycles to add something small to the game does not mean the issuesbuggingplayers are being ignored.Floating bases! Some players take advantage of a flaw in the basebuilding system allowing for the building of floating bases. Floating bases are an eyesore and usually cannot be raided (hence why players are willing to float bases). Players can rest assured, though, the devs are well aware of this being a gameplay issue and are working on a long term solution to both improve basebuilding and eliminate floating bases.Hacks - most reportedhacksaren't. By far, most hack accusations are in reality just bugs, and the hacks that do pop into existence get squashed by EAC fairly quickly.You can't self-host a server. Some players think that Entrada has conspired to make buckets of money off only allowing i3D to host Miscreated servers. No. That's it. Just, no. As Entrada updates the game frequently, it's simply easier and faster for this small dev team to coordinate server updates with a single game hosting company than with multiple. I don't have the ability to see the future, but I'd bet that sometime down the road playersmaybe able to self-host - however, not until dev team can take time to tighten up the server code so that server admins can't abuse their ability to self-host.Should you get this game? YES! ...just watch out for the brutes - and I'm not talking about other players...you'll know what I mean when you meet one. ;)"
76561198128808497,Recommended,299740,21288683,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Your3rdFriend,"don't let the mixed reviews fool you, it's a good game that plays very smoothly for me."
,Recommended,299740,20595120,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MrSuspicious,"I'm going to talk about the good to this game first, then the negative before I offer my suggestions.Firstly, this game is fun in many ways. It is a gritty, semi-realistic survival simulator. Using crazy people instead of zombies is very interesting and breaks away from the norm, so kudos on that.I also like the fact loot isn't just sprawled every two feet across the game world and that you have to actually LOOK for it. It isn't always in the open people. The ""mutants"" are strong and freaky, which is good because it adds to the challenge. It makes you have to actually use your brain and think, strategize about what you do instead of just charging in and killing everything that moves.Now where it needs improvement. Although I DO like the realism of having to search for loot instead of it laying in the open, it is a bit TOO difficult to find anything useful half the time. Not to mention you usually end up running into the enemies before you even find a t-shirt, which brings me to my next point.Having difficult enemies can be a good thing, but the problem with this game is it isn't balanced. Risk versus reward is key in these games, and with the enemies being so much faster and stronger than the player, it makes things very frustrating.The other area that needs improvement is re-spawning. There needs to be something coded into the game that prevents you from being spawned too close to mutants. Close is fine at times, but there has to be a line. At one point, I actually respawned across the map directly in a group of 6 or 7 mutants! I'm talking surrounded and inches away. I didn't even try to run.Overall, I would say it is very well executed for an early access pre-alpha game. It is fun and entertaining but can be VERY frustrating. My recommendation would be to go for it and try it. It might seem like the price tag is high versus the issues but consider other games in the genre. It may or may not get MORE expensive down the road once it is done.My suggestions are as follows:1. Tone down the mutants strength and/or size a little bit, it far outweighs the reward.2. Rather than toning them all down, maybe consider scaling each one differently for variety, some weaker than others and some stronger.3. If the enemies are not scaled, at the very least make offensive/defensive loot a bitmore prevalent. Kinda sucks to get trapped in a huge building that has nothing but clothing and ammo for guns you can never find4. Improve the respawn coding. Again, it sucks big time to be spawned inches from the mutant threat.Keep an open mind when playing this game, and if you leave a review, be it good or negative, try to be constructive instead of flaming the boards. The game gets better by constructive criticism not rudeness."
,Recommended,299740,24224140,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,De4dCert Live YTG,Get ready for a survival adventure quite like no other. Even in early access this survival game is far advanced of its rivals and built on Crytek technology to push miles ahead. I hope this title shines!
,Recommended,299740,23777470,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,α PIRATEorNINJA Ω,"Best 10$ I ever spent EVER!!!!There are many things that shine in this game from the weather system and the lush environment that just feels like it all fits where it needs to be.I wont go on and on about things already known. I will say that the new patch coming soon is addressing  A LOT of complaints.Reloading of guns works with an animation. Ammo can be remove from mags and split and reloaded into mags.Storage! In the form of tents that can be picked up and placed somewhere else(on dirt). Or craftable crates placed in a Base.much more clothing and an even larger backpack as well as a additional clothing slot/layer for a vest worn on top of the shirt/jacketNew Rifle modeled after Remington 700 called the RenegadeA very large city with huge buildings of which we can enter some now, but later we can enter and access rooftops everywhere.Wolves that hunt in packs of 3-8 and attack the player but can be intimidated and scared away, or you can kill the  leader of the pack.New Mutant enemy type. ';..;'Way too much to list here honestly if you want to know it all then check out the patch notes of the experimental build 36 and expect to see it go live very soon!Get this game you wont regret it! Its some of the best survival gameplay and intense gameplay you can have with this genre and I beleive it will overtake all competition for the crown!"
,Recommended,299740,24120915,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Grave Walker,"After 8 hours into the game I've come up with a little listPros- Beautiful- Didn't have many bugs or glitches- Jumping- Getting a vehicle can be hard which it should be- Actual weather! rain, fog, tornados etc.- Fun with friends or alone- Base building (haven't built one yet)The Meh- Ammo is kind of hard to find- Not that many zombies but not that little either- Map can be considered small once you have a vehicle-I find the crafting to be tediousCons-Alpha (Game crashes a couple of times for me and my friend, and after you would find everything you need theres nothing more to do other than pvp and build a base)With all that I can say I actually like this game, I'm a sucker for good looking games and ones that function well and besides the crashing this game is pretty fun. Just remember what server you go on because theres no way to favorite it! (Yet)"
,Recommended,299740,29825652,Posted: 10 February,all,DutchmanDave,"Got this game when it was on sale a little while back. Had a lot of fun playing it and meeting the different types of people that roam around in the world of Miscreated.(Keep in mind that this is my first review ever)First off. It looks amazing. The world that these guys build is absolutely beautifull. You can really feel that they put a lot of time in perfecting the atmosphere. Because of this the world is not crazy big and when you die you tend to always spawn around the same areas. This of course lets you figure out the map quite fast, but can also make you feel like you've seen everything that the world of Miscreated has to offer you in the first couple of hours. Don't let that spoil your fun though because I recommend checking the internet or talking to Miscreated players about finding some interesting hidden spots on the map.Sadly this is only a short term solution for the boredom that COULD come and haunt you down the line. Sometimes this game can make you feel like the only thing you're doing is running around and looking for loot. Once you're satisfied with that loot your stuck at the beginning.BuildingWell let's start a base then wouldnt you say? Wrong! Base building is not something that this game does very well. For me this is not a big problem because I never felt it necessary until.. you're at that point that you've picked up so much loot that you have no choice but to store it somewhere. This is normally where you're storage crates come in. Sadly this is one of the, in my opinion, more annoying bugs. Crates despawn. Well Dave, what about picking up a tent? Despawns!I could talk forever about these little but very annoying bugs. But you gotta keep in mind that we are still talking about an Early Acces game. And sure it was first released in 2014, the year that Zack Brown raised $55,000 on Kickstarter to make potato salad. But it is still an Early Acces game. And there are still updates coming out every few months.PVP/PVEI'm not sure what to say about the PVP aspect of this game. The lack of ammo on some servers can really put a strain on having a fun gunfight. Servers invested with clans are also an uprising problem (in my opinion) and really makes finding good loot difficult.Recently they've added more Muntant (PVE) to the game. This also puts a strain on your gaming experience, coming back at not being able to find, carry or store loot. The best thing you can do when you're being chased down by 4 mutants, of which you have no idea how they've found you, is to run into a building or jump over stuff until they get stuck somewhere. Overall I'm not a huge fan of PVE in this game. Running into a Mutant can make you're frames drop and really kill the immersion.SurvivalThere's not much to say about the survival aspect of this game. Surviving in Miscreated consists of finding food and water. That is it! (atm)So.. can I recommend this game to other people? I think I can. But only to the people that have patient. The people that understand that this game, although beautifull, still needs work.For the price that it is at right now, I highly recommend picking it up. It is definitely worth a try compared to other similar games out there."
,Recommended,299740,22570621,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,panohai,Great game that has come a long way from its rough start and keeps getting better with every update. The game gets updates at least once a month and the developers are extremely attentive and friendly. This is a must buy for every fan of the survival genre.
76561198301327262,Recommended,299740,23031095,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,COMMANDER,"I am 27 years old , live in UK , speak 3 languages , Prefer English thow ...have teamspeek 3 Channel ( not Necessary )im Fed up of playing ( Miscreated ) Alone !I try to be activeQ - can i be your Friend in this Imaginary journey of Miscreated ?+ add me if you wont mind ^^"
,Recommended,299740,21694446,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Taco Snob,"Very similar to DayZ in many ways, but much more polished. Runs great, looks beautiful, and I've had a generally more positive experience with the community (less killing on sight!)However, I would like to see the mutants become more of a threat in the future. They recently announced that they'll have a new AI controller soon though so that should add an edge to PvE."
,Recommended,299740,24074185,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GOD Falladis,Negative reviews should not make you overlook this amazing game. It is greately optimized and has a great land scape. Just amazing imo. Worth
76561198083008184,Recommended,299740,24069230,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr. Bean Commando csgoroll.com,"Little kids really have to rage with negative reviews?I played arma 2 Dayz and the big advantage with this open work survival game is the immersive environment and the greater chance of meeting other players on full servers. The only drawback I have with the game is the amount of items you can pick up. Right now it's a little more than enough to be able to play. Best graphics for a survival game. Here's a cool story of an experience I had.>I spawn> There is a beat down farm house near me>Right away I here wolves howling>I run in and frantically search the house with my flashlight to look for a weapon> I find a bottle of water, whiskey, and green gloves> I think I'm screwed> the howling stops> I run into the field following a road as a reference> it's been 2 minutes and still no wolves> I go in my inventory to drink water> I here growling of a nearby zombie> I quickly start running away back to where I came from> I hear the wolves again> I start crying in the middle of the farm field>A stranger comes in a green truck right beside me> he fires his shotgun>the zombie flies to the ground>I hit the gesture to wave>it was actually the middle finger> I get shot>I go to Unturned for 30 minutes>realize the immersion isn't as great as Miscreated>I re spawn in a different server>I found a pistol right away>I love you Miscreated(Unturned is also a great game, much easier, less immersive, bad graphics (good and bad), and you need friends)Don't make friends; be a bandit. Have fun."
,Recommended,299740,21663264,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SpazeMan,"First impressions are good, they have put in some good features like you have to find different parts for vehicles and so. The graphics is good, and to be an alpha game it is really easy to run, you dont need a kickass computer to run this game at max settings.When it comes to building I would say they have to do some more work, like when placing a wall onto an platform, its an gap between the platform and the wall, you can lower or raise platforms, that means you have to find an area that is completly flat, kind of dissapointing for a game that looks as good and dont have to many bugs.Only bugs discoverd so far is the vehicle sounds, they do sometimes not sound at all if your friend is driving the vehicle. They should consider that when you cut trees to get wood piles the tree should fall down after some wood piles.After some more playing, the weapons reaload should have been done someting with, should have made it possible to reload with a button and not have to get into inventory and then change mag on the inventory slots.For the blueprints, wood and so for base should have not been on blueprints if you ask me, have benn looting for 10 hours, back and forwards into diffrent towns and buildings around, have just found silly things that i absolutly dont need to craft.Storage box or safe or something like that should have been ingame. For the vehicles , od that you can store just as much in a car or quad bike as in a truck ? does not make any sence for me.As the game looks now, it might be an really good game when it is done"
76561198080752505,Recommended,299740,22987288,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lukeymabob,"very good game overall, needs more zombie things tho to keep it intresting and fix the bugs"
76561198042675335,Recommended,299740,23048837,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BrandonSX,"only played it for a little over a hr runs like a dream on my PC. has great graphics AI seems to be pretty decent, you start out with some basic patterns for a backpack and such but alot of the stuff to my knowlege u can only find and some of it seemed pretty rare but there is 1 huge con for me i played for a hr keep that in mind but i only seen 1 zombie i even went into a city and there was nothing if they add more zombies i think it will be a fantastic game will be alot of fun with about 3-4 friends but people dont seem to always KOS, food and water is plentiful about every house has the basics for survival but i think its still alot of fun just roaming around waiting for a zombie to chase ur♥♥♥♥♥down overall a 3.5/5 just because its a zombie game with so small amount of them that u dont worry about them at all and only worry about the other players"
76561198231509232,Recommended,299740,24128530,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BootyGobl1n,One of the funnest games i have ever played. alot of friendlys and not to many bandits.
,Recommended,299740,33270106,Posted: 5 July,all,Desx,its like PUBG version in survival mode + zombies. eventhough grind items very exhausting.
,Recommended,299740,29927547,Posted: 14 February,all,⎛⎛|※|Anubis|※|⎞⎞,Very good game to play with others and a nice graphics...and most people are friendly who u meet :) lets keep it that way :P
,Recommended,299740,12782745,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,CaptainCockSniff,Ok heres the fact. the game is awesome its its fun but they need to expand on the items and map i know its just been made but theres way to many invisible walls. and not enough base/crafting customisation dont get me wrong its awesome and i enjoy it but yeah think about buying it first.
76561197992674721,Recommended,299740,12814834,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,DDD,"I only played 2 hours on the game but my god this was so much better than everything i felt in dayz.The gameplay is better but still is basically your dayz mechanics, graphics are a lot better (cryengine 3) and way more detailed, i especially like the attention to detail in the nature (so many flowers, nice different types of grass, tree's and beautifull water and water effects when you move inside it.).Also the buildings are absolutely stunning and even more once you get inside them, this is post apocalytpic atmosphere to it's fullest.Overall this is the most solid pre-alpha i ever played in my life of early access games on steam (the game released october 30rth 2014, this year). and wow, just get it now as it's already so solid and the price will go up too.10/10 futur reference."
,Recommended,299740,22930580,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Slippery Opossum,"I always wanted Rust with boats, and mutants that have jabby stabby hands.The only problem I have with this game: I can't solo a mutant, with out a weapon."
76561198136416859,Recommended,299740,15164153,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Spizea,"Beautiful, Fun, Better than Day Z.....10/10"
76561198042862640,Recommended,299740,23951841,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr. Blister,"awesome survival game pick it up! if your not sure about it, well... use the internet and do some research.there is one thing that gave me a surprise. Ok im in new zealand and opt-ed into the exp build of the game, just bought it so i want to play it of course. Get to the server browser there are three servers to choose from the ping ranging from around 200 to 300 on the first one and the rest are 280-300 plus all the way up to the 400s. This had me worried because most game with ping like that are ♥♥♥♥en♥♥♥♥♥♥to play! I joined a server and Holy ♥♥♥♥! I was blowen away at how responsive and unlaggy it was! pvp seemed uneffected the same with looting and moving around the game world. I dont know how they managed that but man.9/10 for that guys good job! reason for the 9 is because there is always room for improvement in anything.GG"
76561198152834860,Recommended,299740,23991485,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Barberousse24,This game is not dayz.....cry engine ...very beautiful ..u just want to discover the land because every part of it feel different ther is a lot of cave (thinking u are the only 1 who find it lol)...wip animation for reload and +  for the price u can not be dissapointed and the dev team seem to enjoy and never give up!!!
76561198064399764,Not Recommended,299740,13072389,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Layzt Arkell,"Don't buy it right now, too early access, just search this on Google ""Miscreated can't join any server"". It's so early access that it's almost impossible to log into any server (specially in Europe), even an empty one. I've bought the game to try it out and so far could't manage to play one time. I've spent about 23 euros for the possibility of a good game I can't play.I have no question about it going to be a good survival game in the near future, so I recommend everyone to wait some more time for the developer's to make Miscreated somewhat more stable.EDIT:They sent out Patch #8 - 11/26/2014This patch is to address some of the server stability and client frame rate issues and does not contain any new content. It is the build we've been testing on the experimental server the last couple of days.BUT!!!NOTE: There is still a lingering issue where the servers will randomly cause connecting clients to hang at the Synchronizing screen. Because of this issue, we will still be restarting the servers on a regular basis for now. If you do find a stuck server, please post in the Bug Reports section of the forums and we'll restart it as quickly as we can."
,Recommended,299740,18864626,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Filtees,"Fun game, feels very polished. Graphics are great (Cryengine), combat feels smooth, survival is balanced - you will find food but if you're settling down to make a base you'll eventually need to go back to a city. Vehicles take effort (finding oil, fuel, drive belt, battery and spark plug) to get to work if you happen to find one so it's pretty satisfying/bit worrying driving about in one. Mutants are a decent threat if you're not equipped to deal with them, if you don't have a gun it's worth teaming and kiteing them to loot or just choosing a different, less infested zone.Any issues are actively worked on by a small but dedicated group of developers who are present in the community and respond to any problems the players report.Most of the negative reviews you'll see are from the initial release of the alpha when there were limited features and fewer players."
76561197962079393,Recommended,299740,17940397,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,40oz to Freedom,"In spite of the fact that there are a multitude of post-apoc survival games out there, Miscreated really is its own game done its own way. I can't put my finger on exactly why I've found playing the game so compelling, but it has something to do with the 'feel' of everything. The feel of urban blight, where nature is slowly reclaiming what mankind has abandoned is done just right. The overcast days, long dark nights, rain it all gives you the feeling of the world's misery as we plod along and cautiously try to survey another house for materials.The mutants in the game, while not especially creative or smart, do illicit some fear and adrenalin when you try to sneak by them or attack them head on. Here is where they need to add more diversity, I think the game could really benefit from some jump scares in the houses, I understand the desire to be different but the occasional zombified human torso lunging at you from a bathtub or crawling across the floor wouldn't hurt. I'd like to see something like the REC witch in the game somewhere, maybe when they implement subterranean ""dungeon"" structures. If the apocalypse just sees a few inbred hicks become especially beligerent, that would be a shame and a missed opportunity to really scare people with this game.Finding weapons so far is pretty easy, as is finding all manner of provisions. In this regard I feel like this makes the players in the game overly friendly, there isn't any need anywhere to attack another player or raid their cottage, survival doesn't really depend on it. It would be great if the economy either pushed players into conflict with eachother or forced more people to cooperate, while still allowing for the occasional lone wolf and punishing those who haphazardly attack everyone for no reason at all. I like the idea of playing a game where people are friendly first, but then again everyone singing kumbaya is likely to get boring quick.Overall I think the game has a ton of potential, and even though it's early access I still recommend picking up the game and roaming about, searching houses, fighting players, building strongholds because ultimately these are rewarding experiences in and of themselves. More content is sure to come, but in the meantime simply walking around a muddy post apocalyptic Oregon is pretty damn entertaining."
,Recommended,299740,12696648,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Skibi Kee Pap Pap,"Just played a few minutes since the game is very laggy for me, using an i5 3770 and gtrx 580, maybe i need to upgrade but other than that great game so far !"
,Recommended,299740,15363791,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DC,"Day 1: ""Well, what can I say, the reviews below me are quite good, I had to go a couple of pages before I saw a bad one.Seeing that and some online made me purchase this game, I however am less than impressed, I will continue to update this review as I play, but a big part of this game to me was playing with people. I logged on and across every server available was a grand total of 30 players. This was a large disappointment to me, and almost put me off playing.I continued, and was suprised with how beautiful the game looks, the item spawning locations (note: I am not complimenting the quantity of drops, just the location), it's DayZ but better.As I said before I will continue to update my review as I play.But for now I would not recommend spending £14 on it.""Day 2 ""I logged back in to give the game another go, to my horror I find less than 18 people online worldwide, and I fear I may have bought into an abandoned game...""Day 3 ""I met a group ofwho held me up, after admitting I had nothing they let me go, and even follow them, they've taught me the ways and accepted me, so I've got that going for me, I've started to enjoy this, it's all about teamwork. I've changed my mind, finding the teamspeak server truely changed this game for me.TS3dragon986.TrinityGames.com:10013"""
76561197990782293,Recommended,299740,15128465,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,smelli totti,"Hey , I've played this game for quite a while ( on my other account aswell) and i must say , its suprisingly good. The graphics , enviroment , detail , weapons are just really amazing. I think that this game has a lot of potential and it is fun even in the state it is in. The guns , melee weapons , grenades , everything work amazingly , aswell as the vehicle features and lastly i must say , this game is just extrenely good , try it out!"
,Recommended,299740,29357492,Posted: 19 January,all,>>ANUBIS<<,Best survival game 10/10
,Recommended,299740,21678569,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NastyJamb,yes
76561198017229863,Recommended,299740,22902747,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jesse The Savior,I ride around on a bike 10/10
,Recommended,299740,24229523,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Corn Dogg,"Miscreated is an open world post-apocalyptic sandbox developed by Entrada Interactive. It is the best survival game that I have played because of its phenomenal graphics and the way it immerses players.Miscreated immerses players with ambient sounds and overgrown landscapes to create a fun and enjoyable environment. The game creates a sense of fear (e.g. when you hear footsteps that are not yours in a dark and eerie town) The mutants can become a threat if not avoided or dealt with properly but the real threat is the vulnerability of other survivors. Any survivor can be a threat even if they appear to be ‘friendly’ or not.The extreme detail put into this game by the developers is fantastic. Miscreated has a long and realistic day/night cycle with harsh weather conditions such as the many levels of rain, fog, wind, tornados and many other weather conditions. The downtown city recently added into Miscreateds patch #36 is amazing. The city features locations such as the police station, a hotel, scaffolding around buildings and many more.Miscreated keeps players playing because of random encounters that could happen which may result in life or death situations and the exciting updates which happen regularly.This game is definitely worth your money and time so I strongly suggest you pick up this tittle and play it. Congratulations to Entrada Interactive for creating this stunning game, keep up the effort and great work."
76561198072577531,Recommended,299740,22683710,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rocky Jet,"The updates just keep getting better and better. The weather system is beast and the optimization is so damn good. Good atmoshphere, music and the infected are and look great. 9/10"
,Recommended,299740,24169366,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,shinigami8671,"One of the BEST Open world survival games out there!Some things I wish I knew before starting:- No respawn point, even if you have a base, you will always spawn randomly.- Dead bodes disappear in 5 minutes.- Day night cycles are different, few are pretty fast, but most last several hours, be ware.- You can outrun zombies, i.e unlimited stamina!- Awesome base building, altho a little complicated, no snap points unlike ark, anything can be placed on anything i.e walls in middle of forest or foundation.- You don't just find fully functioning vehicles, they need different parts and need gas etc.- Some items with numbers on them can be stacked- Every base component can be picked up and moved easily (love this feature)- Gunfire attracts zombies/mutants- 2 different types of mutants, can make you bleed and you will need bandages to stop it.- You can pick up tents and anyone can access their inventory.- Bind other players by equipping duct tape- Running makes more sound and attracts other creatures- Run tf away from wolves, can NOT be tamed.- A better version of flashlight, MEGAlight can be found.After playing Ark Survival for 1200 hours, not many survival open world MP games can compare, but this one surely does. Looks amazing, absolutely stunning, plays extremely smoothly (maxed out at 1080p on GTX 970), so much to do, so cheap, so good, much wow!"
,Recommended,299740,22796296,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,h3retic,this game looks and feels so damn good
76561198011548805,Recommended,299740,22802356,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kane31,"I plan to do a follow-up review after the next big patch is released.I have invested currently over 50 hours in the game at this point and plan to continue to put time into it.I bought this game when it was on sale. However, for the current state of the game and what I see it's potential to be the $20 price tag right now is not too bad.Note: THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME. So there are some issues and some details that need to be fixed. But the game is beautiful, the landscape, towns and weather system is good. Though there needs to be some tweaks to the sounds. (The wind is annoying)In it's current state, the game is playable, but limited due to the current system setup. You may see reviews that talk about not having doors to open.. this and that… H1Z1, dayZ blah…  but this is all explained on the Miscreated website in twitch streams and this feature and many others will be added following successful implementation of the new item management system.The Dev team is active in the threads about answering questions so the game is still well in development.I host a Server that I maintain as PvE and requires you to apply to get in as there is no PvP off option. So if you get on a public server beware!! Also admins abilities are limited therefore no admins summoning in cars or guns and ammo for themselves which is a plus.I still will give this game a recommendation BUT, I do recommend waiting till the new patch that should be out “soon”. That’s the best we’ve gotten from the Dev team. They jumped the gun on a release so they are not going to make any more promises. Just soon….. They really care about the game they are making."
,Recommended,299740,22894620,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hogwa5h,"I walk along the highway, wondering where my next meal will come from. I haven't seen anyone for a long time... but I know they're there... Stinkin' bandits. Jumping out of nowhere, gunning you down for the measly salvage in your pockets. I look down the road and see a figure approaching. Without hesitation I bolt into the nearby foliage, hoping he didn't see me.""hello? Friendly dude.""He isn't approaching anymore. His hand waves to me in a peaceful manner.""need any food man? I could use some rope. Got any rope?""I don't trust him. yeah I've got rope... three coils of the stuff... how's my hunger bar? Below 50%... not good.""yeah I've got rope. What kind of food you got?""""A couple cans of tuna, some peaches""""I'll take the tuna""""Awesome. Here you go""The cans fall to the ground at his feet.Do I take the bait? I see something at his side. is that his flashlight or a pistol? Definitely pistol. he could whip that out and cap me as I stand over the trade. Gotta risk it.This is a typical encounter in Miscreated. It's a true survival format. Mutants, hunger, thirst, tornadoes, and your fellow players are the forces you fight to stay alive. The Devs seem to be really active with this game and just in the couple weeks I've played the game they've been busy trying to optimize the experince.Is it better than other games of its kind? I coudn't tell you. I just know it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,299740,23057964,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kerbo,"Miscreated is a beautiful game. My play style in an open world game is typically as a wandering explorer. The map really sets the atmosphere of the game and there is a ton of detail. All the basic game mechanics work but there are some rough edges, especially with inventory management. I've had this game since it came out but honestly only started playing it to any extent after the latest patch, #35. In this update they added weather effects which are very well done. I look forward to having more survival mechanics such as hunting and cooking. Those are on the roadmap but progress has been slow. Overall I would reccomend this game if you are a fan of the genre and enjoy immersing yourself in a game environment. Bear in mind the early access status of the title."
,Recommended,299740,23088274,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Deviant Gaming,I would like a friend to play this game with if anyone would like to
76561198149448507,Recommended,299740,22916814,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,goode_519,Brilliant game-Graphics look great-World is detailed and realsiticWould recomend to anyone :)
,Recommended,299740,23144165,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Phobos88,"The few hours I've played I was very impressed. This is what DayZ should have been. Game is beautifal and runs very smoothly. I have a middle-low end computer and did not experience any lag or frame drop even when going into big towns running on Nvidia Gforce GTX 555 4g. Base building has just been introduced I havent tried it yet and there are a few vehichles you can drive around. My first play through I was beat to death by 2 bandits while looting. AI mutants arent the smartest thing but I'm sure they will be improved over time. The weather system is amazing! I first joined in the middle of what seemed like a hurricane storm. I could barely see anything and the rain effects were amazing! Players are active aswell. I had no problem finding a high population server. Max players right now is 36 i think. The detail put into all the structures aswell is great. You definately feel like your looting through a ravaged post apocolyptic map complete with bone piles and ""RUN OR DIE!"" graffiti everywhere. Only problem I had was finding ammo. Found a total of 3 pistols the entire time and only 1 mag for 1 of them. This is after looting the airfield there. It really puts stress on wether to use your bullets or not. Definatley worth the $20, I can't wait to see the finished product after seeing what they have accomplished so far!"
,Recommended,299740,24257210,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,KrautSalad18,I bought this on a whim and I'm glad I did. I haven't had too many problems with it. One crash out of ten hours of play.
,Recommended,299740,24025472,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Half Breed Gamer,"Amidst a crowded market of early access post-apocalyptic survival games, Miscreated distinguishes itself as one of the greatest. It positions itself among giants in the same genre, DayZ and Rust, and even surpasses them in some areas.Jumping onto a server, the first thing you will notice is the beautifully broken world that is Orca Island. The foliage, grass and mountains are breath taking. Walk into a town and you have no doubt this is the apocalyps. Broken down buildings, overgrown with grass. The environment feels much more 'home"" than DayZ, as the style of architecture and items within buildings are very North American. Appliances (tvs, computers etc) laying around the world indicate that the apocalypse started sometime not very removed from our day and age.The atmosphere of the game can range anywhere from hopeful (in the bright sunny mid-day, hearing birds chirping gleefully as you stride through the forest) to spooky (in night's grips as you can see nothing other than what your flashlight illumines in front of you). The grey fog that spreads accross the land at times during the day is my favourite weather effect, as it ushers in a very foreboding and chilling atmosphere as you loot around Orca Island.The mutuants and wolves are sure to keep you on your toes, as you stealthily search for that which keeps you alive.Basebuilding is mature. It takes a group of people to build a base, and near impossible to build anything substantial alone. There is a new inventory system in the game also, where you can store your precious loot.Combat mechanics are a bit clunky. Melee combat is satisfactory, as there's some allowance to dodge blows and maneuver in a fight. However, it is the aiming system that is unsatisfactory. It can be very ""shaky"" feeling, and is something that takes practice and getting used to.As for the community, there are 7 unfriendly players to every 3 friendly (in my personal encounters anyway). Of course this is part of what makes the game fun. Albeit, when people start shooting at you with no quality interaction, it can become wearisome and negate some of the joy you experience in playing. My wish is for more roleplay servers wherein it is a requirement to have adequate interaction before ""going to war"".Personally, this is my favourite survival game. I love it.9/10. Keep up the good work, devs."
,Recommended,299740,24121423,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlphaWolf,Bloody Beautiful
76561198129893145,Recommended,299740,24143708,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jowers SG,"Extremely good graphics especially the weather and insides of building and water. The combat is good but id recommend making sure you will have high fps so the gun isnt so clunky. The cars are also good, a bit buggy but its fine. The looting makes this game realy feel like a true survival game, searching for food and water one minute then searching for supplies and ammo to protect yourself. The base building takes a while to do however this means there arnt loads of buildings player made around the map also again it makes it more of a hardcore survival game. It means you can put alot more time into the game. There are boats aswell and the devs are introducing a city which is a brilliant development to the game. The mutated arnt to hard to kill but can still be a pain when you have no firearm. Its a fun game but id only recommend if you can play with others and also if you have a half decent computer. Defiently worth 15 pounds in my opinion this could soon be a better game than dayz."
76561198002490595,Recommended,299740,21624638,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,WSARTIN,"First of all, absolutely love the game. Not a big survival fan, am now. Spent hours on end exploring, going into every house, walking through the woods and finding cabins, wildlife, rivers, creeks, deer trails, random dirt roads, its endless. But its not boring, the whole time you're doing it is literally a blast, very immersive.  The Cry engine looks amazing, awesome draw distance, wonderful textures, overall very polished and the game is still in alpha. I can only expect more amazing updates from the boys at Entrada. You make friends and enemies, find some trolls every now and then, find abandon bases, fallen players with possibly that little bit of food you need in their possession, Game play mechanics are wonderful, have already gotten two of my good friends into this game and they absolutely love it. I  really haven't been doing much gaming lately but I've been spending a lot of time with my computer thanks to this purchase. I think the crafting system is great, and have been staying updated with the dev blogs and what they have in store will be only improvements. I really recommend this game for really anyone since I am not the type to play this kind of game, but i have thoroughly enjoyed it and have been hooked since i bought it.One thing I would change, and don't bash me, I know the bicycles are the newest update, but you can be going as slow as you can and if you accidentally hit a friend it kills them immediately. I still haven't figured out body temperature yet, and have yet to see the radiation bar go up. None of this has even bothered me, it is more of just figuring out how everything works. I also wish you could have a game lobby, and maybe some sort of kill cam besides just going to a black screen leaving you wondering how you even died.i give it a 10/10, considering how it stacks up against other survival games, like dayz being in alpha for ages. I'm genuinely excited to see what in store for this game, i have not touched any one of the other 15 games on my computer since i have got it, I'm excited to get home and play it everyday, explore more of the map, see what other items I can craft or find, or find new buddies to play with. Keep it up Entrada, amazing game, seriously, I love it."
,Recommended,299740,24193292,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Boss,7+ hours in game. Managed to find some tomato soup and rubber gloves. No human interaction so far.10/10 would be lonely again.
76561198050544672,Recommended,299740,23990861,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aggeloukos,One of the best survival games i have ever played!!i recommend it to everyone!!!!
,Recommended,299740,23995721,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,butterbutt,"This game is completely underrated.Like every other survival game out there, this game is far from perfect. It has it's quirks, but nothing game breaking or life ending.But, unlike every other survival game, this game actually works really well. It feels, looks and reacts smoothly, and is far more immersive because of that. Yes, it's still being developed. And yes, the game will only get better from here. These devs are proving with every patch that they are dedicated to creating the best survival game that they possibly can, and their work speaks for itself. They deserve support for such a fantastic and promising product!pros:- has persistant base building- has working vehicles- AAA quality environment design (towns, houses, camps, roadblocks, everything looks believable/screenshot worthy)- realistic scavenging/looting- has BICYCLES!!!!- offers beautiful visuals (realistic water and reflections, ambient noises, dynamic lighting and shaders, believable overgrowth in towns/houses, and more)- has challenging enemy AI that moves and reacts as you'd expect (won't glitch through objects or hit you from really far away, hit detection on point)- PVP is f**king intensecons:- UI needs an overhaul, not intuitive & not on the same par as the rest of the game's design at this point in time- some animations are missing/broken/still being figured out- needs a bigger player pool.- game crashes (even though its rare, it sucks when it happens. pls resolve this)overall this game is the underdog of survival games on steam. its got it where it counts, and if you enjoy survival games, this is a must play. plus this last patch is MASSIVE and adds loads to the game -- give it a shot!"
,Recommended,299740,15127054,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CK,"Early Access Opinion:I've always been a fan of Open world survival games.  I usually buy them when I see them.  I saw someone playing this on youtube and figured it was cheap enough and bought it.  Think I got it on sale, can't remember.  Anyways, it looked decent on video, but when I played it, I wasn't too impressed.  I recently tried it again and was actually impressed.  The game still needs a lot of work, but it doesn't look half bad.  The gameplay isn't bad either.  As long as you're on a server with players.  Really, if you love these kind of games and don't mind the 25$ cost, give it a shot, you might be surprised.  I hope they complete it, we need some good open world survival games."
76561198159605679,Recommended,299740,31394058,Posted: 27 April,all,Stankey,"I've recently bought this game and i feel it is only fair that i share my experience with other gamers out there as well. With 40 hrs in-game,i think i have a fair idea of how the game works and what can be improved upon by the developers.So here goes:1) Firstly, i would like to praise the graphics,sound effects and the atmosphere of this game ,which are just fantastic. The constant fear of getting attacked by a mutant or player keeps things very interesting,keeps you alert at all times!!2)The loot options in this game are varied and numerous. From clothes to guns to ammo,everything is scattered around for you to find , but you have to search every corner.Literally!!3)The mutants are not much of a threat individually,but in numbers they will surely kill you,no doubt.4)Base building is fun,but finding blueprints,after some time ,is not. Making a base and protecting your loot from raiders is interesting,until it happens too often.5)The world is huge.I MEAN HUGE!!All in All,i totally recommended this game to any survival games fans out there. It have some things lacking,but it is still in Early Access,so hoping for the best. This game has the potential to be the best survival game out there to be honest, that is if the developers keep adding inteesting things to it. GO GET IT NOW!!"
,Recommended,299740,24301957,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zennith,"Obviously Miscreated is in Alpha, obviously it is a lot like Dayz or H1Z1 or 7 Days to Die. However from personal experience with Dayz Standalone, and 7 Days to Die, this game is leagues ahead of its counterparts in my opinion. Miscreated is a beautifully crafted game and you can tell a lot of dedication has gone into making it's world. From graffiti giving you a sense of the world before the mutants came to be, or the rats that now crawl in the alleyways through every city scavaging for food, you can surmise the events that came to be.Miscreated's controls are fluent. It doesn't feel as clunky as Dayz Standalone for example.Loot is generally easily to come by, but you'll still have a harder time finding the more rare things such as crossbows or that desperately needed sniper scope. There have been times that I've nearly died but I finally found that Tomato Juice I was searching for to hold me over until my friends were able to reach me and help me out.Speaking of which, Miscreated has a very creepy atmosphere when playing alone, you feel like a survivor in the wilderness just trying to survive, there are many fantastic RP servers to choose from that I have never encountered someone who KOS'd. Everyone I've come across is playing this game for the fun of it, they mostly enjoy that player interaction and will at least give you a chance.This game absolutely shines with friends though. I have already met about 8 new people and group up with them on a daily basis to go exploring through the towns, cities, and even magnificent caves with waterfalls inside of them (Bring a flashlight cause they get DARK.)I highly recommend this game if you enjoy games like DayZ or H1Z1."
,Recommended,299740,24100625,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/cyanoodle,"This game is literally perfect!First life- I walk around for about 40 minutes not finding anything and I run into 2 guys that tell me to put my hands up and we talk for a bit and then they decide to cut my throat because I had nothing good on me.Second life- I run into a french guy who kept screaming at me with a knife out that he wanted my shirt then he stabbed me like 2 times and I run away and drop my shirt he picks it up then screams "" I WANT ANOTHER SHIRT"" then he kills me.Third life- I run into a noob just like myself on his second life and we talk about my second life and we run for about 10 minutes and we run into the french guy from my second life I didnt know it was him at first then I realized it last second as he turns and screams "" I WANT YOUR SHIRTS"" then he runs at us killing the guy I just met right in front of my eyes as I scream for him the french guy runs over to me not even taking the guys shirt and charges at me screaming "" I WANT YOUR SHIRT AGAIN"" I run saying ""LISTEN FRENCH GUY YOU JUST KILLED MY BEST FRIEND AND IM GOING TO KILL YOU"" then he screams "" HOW DID YOU KNOW IM FRENCH"" and I go your voice then he screams ""YOUR AMERICAN YOUR GOING TO BUILD A WALL"" then he chases me for about 20 minutes screaming "" I WANT YOUR SHIRT"" and ""YOUR GOING TO BUILD A WALL"" then finally I gave up and tried to beat him with my flashlight but I just turned on and off the flashlight and he killed me.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,299740,21642488,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Frodo,please make asian server !
,Recommended,299740,23917442,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,leftSideJ,"Really not sure why this game has mixed reviews, it's actually one of the best survival games I can think of out right now, the graphics are phenomenal, the gun-play is great, the weather system is state of the art, zombies are scary, and it's hard to find items. I think this game is very under-rated and if you can pick it up for half price of even full price it's a steal to have in your library."
76561198006976690,Recommended,299740,24125537,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Keeganlogan,had the 3 last people in my group die to spazing boats good thing was i got their gear
76561198060375203,Recommended,299740,23759611,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Aroused Grandmother,Took hours to find parts to make a truck.Makes a truck.Unstoppable.Murder innocent people by running them over with new truck.We take their food clothes and guns.Get chased by another strange truck.Crash our trucks in a glorious fire and get into a deadly firefight.I bleed out next to my destroyed truck and next to my friends.Bonding experience of a lifetime. Karma is a ♥♥♥♥♥Devs appear to be working on new updates regularly. I approve so far9.5/10 would bleed out with friends again
76561198155181223,Recommended,299740,24626866,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Baked Buddha,"GIVE THIS GAME A CHANCE.Went in with very low expectations and I can say this game has delivered way more than I imagined. WELL worth the 20$ early access price. The dev team has come an extremely long way from early reviews and this game is a blasty blast. In comparison with DayZ, the bugs I've encontered have been few and far between. GREAT atmosphere and lighting. The weather effects may be the best I've experienced in any game. Fun enemies and PvP. Very respectable loot system. Cool base buiilding and crafting elements. Gun play is fun, and challenging. The enviroments are top notch, I really can't say enough about the wonderful atmosphere this game has. The citys are overgrown and have a lived-in feeling adding to the emersion, in my opinion this game is much more pleasing to look at than dayZ. In many ways this game feels so much further along in the development cycle than dayZ (which i compare it t often because its the only ther survival game I have massive time invested in). There are already cars and predators, which, at the time of this review are either not in dayZ, or are so buggy and complicated to get running they're not worth messing with.The (minor) Cons-Friends with lower end PC's have some trouble running the game, but its possible- At this point the guns, in my opinion, do not sound very good. But from what I've read some are place holders to be fixed in the future. And the gun shots arent heard from more than 200m or so. (At least for me and I use TB's)-Cars can be ninjas, that you cant hear until there right between your butt cheeks-The server joining menu REALLY needs to be overhauled and more intuitive to make it easier to join friends-Cant prone-Items sometime get eaten by the earth if dropped in houses or bushes- The UI needs a little work, but is respectable, and fairly easy to navigateBottom line, this game is a blast, and only getting better. Obviously this game is in early access, so the minor bugs I have foudn will be fixed. If youre looking for a survival game thats fun and beautiful, this is it."
,Recommended,299740,23983489,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Firebomb,"I've played many of the survival games, and this one is very good, So far i've ran to 4 different towns and the trailor park got looted up, so much food I could share with a group.It has that DayZ feel in the sense the way it looks, but it has a smooth animation that i like, it's like the best of h1z1 and DayZ combined,  I love how many houses are different, you can look into a house and almost feel what went down in that house, the ""I have a weapon stay away"" sign on some house's when I first seen this I was like ""ohh i like that""Overall I dig this game, it has more to grow but it's a great game and way worth the price of admission"
76561198069204928,Recommended,299740,24126441,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Slasher,cant wait for more updates game is fun
76561198305526188,Recommended,299740,24128074,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LazyTitan108,this game has a ton of potential. It is worth playing for the standoffs alone. I will be keeping my eye on this development.
,Recommended,299740,21575697,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Owen153,"Miscreated is a stand-out Early Access survival game, and a butt-load of fun! This is not a clone of other survival games, the team at Entrada have been working hard on making a unique game. There is still plenty to come yet, but the game play is visceral and realistic. Loot is scattered around the map in the open, and hidden around houses and buildings. AI encounters are random and player interaction is just as random. You can hide, run away, attack or strike up a conversation. Maybe trade, or demand payment... You'll survive longer in groups, but you can't always trust everyone, so keep your gun handy, and loaded.Want to get a vehicle working? (aside from a bike <<you just jump on one of them and go!), you need to work with a team or hope no one steals your ride before you find all the parts to get it going. It is survival of the fittest after all. Work with a clan to create a base and help protect each other from other players and the AI mutants. (more variants and types of AI are still in the design process) This is not a Zombie-clone. The Mutants form part of the game back story, so if you want zombies, go back to one of the cloned games.""...Hell, in the end AC made just about everything, AC Sportsdrinks, AC Icecream, AC Battlegear, even AC Happytabs. I miss those. AC even gave us our wonderful mutant problem...""...ProsRealistClansMutantsGuns, Guns, Guns. AKs for days!Middle Finger EmotePush BikesGreat AI systemDynamic WeatherEye patchesHand held maps2 Headed DogsTentsBase building and storageTo ComeHunting, Cooking, Trapping, CropsCraftable Weapons SystemMore AIMore Items & GearConsStandard series of Early Access bugsMore optimisation needed (again: Early Access, to be expected)Servers underpopulated (We need you! Come & Join us!)No Dedicated server files (yet)Punji traps hurt when you're not wearing shoes ;)"
76561198199923951,Recommended,299740,23236378,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Glitch,"Just buy it, ok?"
76561198166518145,Recommended,299740,24181500,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cylinder,I really need ot buy this game again if anyone can give me a code it would be appreciated---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Miscreated : Were do i start hmmWell since the update came out i really want to play this again. This game is so good the graphics the optimisation and the survival part. The woods are amazing with wolfs and life around the woods its so warming :) Id love to do some videos on this you can find me on youtube here [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAMIc98MH7PBM-sS_GXMaYA]  If you are kind enough the give me a code. Be sure to comment on a video about it! -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[REVIEW] - Ok i spawn in with my friend of course were on different parts of the map i walk around and just take in the scenery is like to see someone hate the game for its graphics. The animations are decent i like the woods withe the life and the warm feel when putting a camp fire down. The guns are nice and dont feel to fake but not to real so its not annoying to kill people/defend yourself. The game is very playable with a decent card. 8/10 Cant wait to see the full version!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Game is 8/10 the new city is amazing as well :) keep it up devs!
76561198068527938,Recommended,299740,24108226,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ImLittleLoyal,"Bought it and was pleasantly suprised. The game looks amazing, even dayz 0.60 looks meh compared to this. It has a lot of features like Vehicles, base building, storage, amazing weather and a cool map. People tend to like to talk first but there is still KoS bandits.The only thing i dont like is the fact that guns do very low damage unless you headshot. I shot a guy point blank with a shotgun and it took 3 shots, The carlington(rifle) took 3 shots and it only wounded the player and i had to back off. And lets not start about pistols. But the m4 1 shots people what is a weird balance for a rifle with a 30 round mag.This game is updating faster than dayz standalone, Looks better, and has a more fun community"
,Recommended,299740,21372187,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,!_!_!_!_!,"Bought this game...Installed..Played..Liked...Played again...Felt bad about game...Thought to refund...Played again...Thought again to refund..Played...Played...Felt really bad....Played...Visitedhelp.steampowered.comPlayed...Got a trading card...Played...Applied for refund...Game refunded...Regreted the refunding ..Visisted store again..Went to game page...Closed...Regreted again the refunding...Closed the steam..Opened it again...Visited store again...Went back...Opened again...and Finally...Bought this &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; again..So in the nut shell guys, this game is really awesome, though it really needs lots of optimization, but devs are working on it..So i'd recommend it to all of you people...You'de enjoy it for sure.."
,Recommended,299740,16476909,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[ISIS] L39IT NIN9A,This game had me going when i first bought it while my friend talked me over how to find each other over skype i was traveling along when i heard a noise it was a mutant i ran like i never have before in a game when i looked at those zombies this game is a very intense massivley multiplayer sandbox and it is definently worth your money putting you on edge every second of the game when u decie to take a  good look at the secenery only to find 6 zombies behind you
76561198293542544,Recommended,299740,24071893,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NIGHT___MOVES,Best of the genre imo
,Not Recommended,299740,28851096,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Purple,"As said by alot of other players this game has potential. The PvP makes more some good moments. I had alot of laughs and fun while encountering other players. The PvE however is seriously lacking. Depending on where you are in the map or the population of the server you can go for periods of times where you are not going to encounter players. Perhaps your purposely avoiding them in order to build up some loot and items. A better PvE experience would fill this void and add alot of playing hours and excitement to the game. The mutants lack in diversity and were few and far between. They also don't pose much of a threat and are easy to avoid. This could easily be enhanced by spawning some of the creatures inside some of the houses or perhaps roaming the streets ""guarding"" the towns. Perhaps make it so it would require more of a group effort to get into certain locations for better loot. This would also enhance the PvP experience also both competitively and cooperatively. At first I was genuinely nervous entering houses fearing a creature might be inside. Haven't had it happen yet so the looting process becomes stale and boring. The game however did run smoothly and I didn't experience many bugs and glitches so far. All that said it's a decent game but it won't be one of my more regular plays. If your looking for that game that you can dive deep into and burn hours of your day like we tend to do as gamers this probably isn't the one. However if your looking for something early access and are patient and would like something to follow along with as it hopefully develops and improves this may not be a bad choice. I haven't played DayZ or any of the other apocalypse survival types so I unfortunately cannot compare."
,Recommended,299740,16413280,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Vaughn Whiskey,"I want to love this game... I really do. The graphics are stunning and I honestly wanted to look at everything. But the constant server drops and loading makes me so sad. I am going to say to pick it up but keep an eye on the community to see updates because this could be a really great game but for being early access, it suffers from a lot of server issues."
,Recommended,299740,21365174,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BrandonMig,This game is extremely good.   A++ for a Alpha game with a small dev team
,Recommended,299740,21656707,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dringin,"This is what i think H1Z1 should have been.Instead we have this Amazingly Gorgeous game that Runs better, has amazing Animation Quality, Sound Quality, Graphical Quality and all rounded dense game world with something to discover around every corner."
76561198162276514,Recommended,299740,24322892,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,xBrother_Steelx,An amazing game! <3
,Recommended,299740,22822226,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Andrew102,"Pros.Uses EAC ""Easy Anti Cheat"" which is a very good Anti-Cheat to combat hackers.Good Graphics.Fairly Regular Updates.Not bad with player server population.Base Building.Good PVP with Guns.Good Price.CarsCons.All people do is KOS. People say they are friendly and they kill you for no reason. Even if you have nothing what so ever..Very unfriendly people.Lots of game breaking bugs and crashes..Annoying the Wolves.Hard to find guns most of the time get killed before finding a gun.Need a very good computer to play.Gets very boring having to walk very far,then getting shot by someone because you have no gun.Takes ages to find your friends if you don't know map very well.Overally I think it is woth getting if you have friends if you don't have friends I don't think it is really worth getting in my opinion. But I guess it is worth a buy for most people."
,Recommended,299740,24180403,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,™M¥Štï©ÅrçÊÙ§,"10/10 game, beautiful graphics and overall. This game is just like Unturned but billion times better. MUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,299740,12808389,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NeutralPlutoTV,"Graphics Are Amazing! 10/10Gamplay Isn't To Shabby! 8/10AI's Are Sometimes Bugged But Not Alot, Could Be Better. 5/10Only Seen 1 Hacker So Far But It Was Handled Really Well By The Developers And Staff/Anti-Cheat. 9/10I would love to see this game get steam workshop and get some more cool thing like trading cards so I can show a cool badge off dor this gameMiscreated is a good game and will evolve in time to something great!This game is worth investing in because i have only had it for 14.2 hours and i'm having so much fun gearing my character out and hunting animals and people and traveling the huge map they provide the players to travel and scavenge for suppliesGame would be better with zombies but I can deal with whatever this game gives me"
76561198078880311,Recommended,299740,22523220,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mamba De Alien,"If you asked me a few months ago to write a review for this game it would not have been positive. It seemed just like a prettier version of a Dayz knockoff. Recently I took a second look and documented some of my play time and I am glad I did. The game is beautiful, without a doubt one of the prettiest enviroments I have experienced in any game, let alone a survival sim. It has lush forests beautiful water and all the homes look lived in. The developers paid close attention to make oridnary homes tell a story to the player. You may find a skull in a childs room, or boxes in a pile in a room as if the owners were attempting to gather their belongings and evacuate. These items a long with the scenery are some of the big pros to this game. Now, the game runs beautiful and the developers seemed to have paid attention to server optimization and making the game run smooth, as opposed to Dayz which in itself is pretty, but runs like a brick. The game features a crafting menu, as well as items to equip on your character. You can fight unarmed, but melee weapons and guns are available. Vehicles also appear in the game, as well as parts to repair them If there is a con, it is definatley the lack of player models and the limited amount of zombies. These things are trivial and will most likely be added in eventually and do not warrant a negative review in my opinion."
,Recommended,299740,28833237,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gamemaster,This game is awesome it has a big Map and there are much good servers and there arent so much bugs like in DayZCoop 10/10Graphics 9/10Just buy it its every cent worth
,Not Recommended,299740,15685499,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tamo,"The game is pretty good... for 3 or 4 hours.The zombies arent that threatening as other players are saying. You just have to run backwards and hit them with a melee weapon, they cant even hit you...The loot system is bad. I died 2 times and in 10 minutes got everything back.So unless you have 20 dollars for a game you will play for 5 hours, I dont suggest you to buy it.P.S: The players are much nicer in Miscreated than in Dayz."
,Recommended,299740,33456380,Posted: 11 July,all,Gaukahl aka FlobbFlobb,"its DayZ with a mutch smaller Map, but active Devs!would buy again!"
76561198191876709,Recommended,299740,22146150,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,coming soon  .^.'',"MiscreatedThis game is so worth buying. Why one of the nicest looking survival game out there. you will enjoy roaming the mutant infested overgrown post apocalyptic looking Orca island, as you loot for gear and search for other survivors to rob, kill, or help on your journey, guaranteed you'll have ah laugh. Plus theres vehicles, base building, clans and hunting for tradable guides that will teach you new skills for crafting weopons, base parts among other things like a bag and bandages. Also this game is obviously early access but there developers are still working on it all the time and they got a twitch stream channel athttp://www.twitch.tv/miscreatedfor Q&A and keeping us up to date with Miscreated. I love this game ^^"
,Recommended,299740,15129396,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DezertPunK,Imagine if DayZ ran maxed out without all the issues and didn't feel like it was falling apart at the seems and then you'll have an idea of what Miscreated is. It's definately one of the best looking and streamlined zombie survival games I've played. It definately has a ways to go but the developers are in constant contact with the community and are always releasing patches updating and balancing everything. I will update my review once early access is over but I think it's only going to get better.
76561198040638662,Recommended,299740,12839822,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rekka1212,"If you are a fan of dayz, rust, 7 days to die, basically any kind of survival game, you will want to pick this up.  Yes its true that as of now its bare bones.  BUT.  I can see them in the future making this game funkin unreal.  The graphics and amosphere do this game justice for 24.99 that it is as of now.  It does have basically everything the dayz standalone has and its just came out in early alpha.  With enough support from us all it will be and could be one of the best games they make.  Cryengine is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing in this game.  I have sli 670's and I pray they enable sli soon, but running on just one of them its maxing it out with just a couple minor tweaks here and there.   Get this game and watch it progress or just buy it now play for a couple hours then sit on it till its done.  Its a wise investment cause I know when this is fully released its gonna be worth a hefty price tag."
76561198026642766,Recommended,299740,25405368,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,YT/APowerProductions,"Best survival game! dont under restimate it, when you first try it you cant get anof of it!"
76561197970393112,Recommended,299740,15590452,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TriGGrPuLLa,"ok, here i go. first and foremost i would like to say that this is quite possibly THE BEST LOOKING alpha game on steam right now. along with the great visuals you also get a game with great atmosphere. this game reminds me of a middle america town which has been ravaged by some kind of disease which wiped out humanity. although the servers arent full at all i still enjoy getting on to get that apocalyptic feeling which this game delivers with flying colors. overall a very early staged game but one with tremendous possibilities if done right."
76561198104089191,Recommended,299740,12802460,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"At only 35 minutes so far in this I have to say this.The graphics are good. The locations I have seen are pretty 'cool'.This is so far a differnt take on survival apocolypse style, and interesting.Very early in yet, so much yet to be done, but just in the time I have had this its received two updates and looks to be an involved project.I think it looks well worth supporting and getting now if for no other reason than to see it grow."
76561197971609752,Recommended,299740,24104498,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jimmy Freeman,I'm more into this game than I was with DayZ (which evolves really slowly and still really bugged).The game is beautifull and immersive.Developpers are really trying to make this game better and better by listenning to the community and make monthly patchs.A lot of players who gave bad reviews played only less than one hour and I really Wonder how you can make a proper idea in this short period of time.And for the price it costs... its more than Worth.Really recomended.
,Recommended,299740,24203491,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Speed Luigi,Feels like good ol' ArmA 2 DayZ but more polished in basically every way.Would recommend - a few performance problems and crashes here and there but they're mostly minor.
,Recommended,299740,24228864,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,"Oh, Frog?","This is what happened on the first server I joined:- Spawned near a highway.- Followed it to a gas station, which I explored.- Followed highway a bit more to a city.- Saw a mutant hobbling toward the town square, so went to a minimart.- Saw someone stalking me from a cargo container, went up and said hi.- 5 people came running toward us, chasing another person. They killed him and said he was a robber. They showed me around the minimart to a backpack before killing me.- Respawned and came into contact with a few friendly people. We eventually met up and started exploring.- Explored for a while withe the group, came across two nice people, seperately, one with a shotgun.- On our way up north, we came across a medium sized town to the east, so we explored.- Went into a house that had a sign that said ""DO NOT COME INSIDE THIS HOUSE"". Found a rifle upstairs and a full magazine.- As soon as I picked the rifle up, I heard a loud bang and ran outside. One of our people had been shot dead.- We all went back to searching for supplies in the town. After a while, I got lost, and we all agreed to meet at the bridge we used crossed into the town.- On the way to the bridge, I heard multiple shots, and came running to see what happened. I saw a friend running from the scene, and followed him. He explained that another person was killed by an unknown assassin.- We went to the corpse and inspected it, taking all needed materials from him. Then, another of our friends came running up to us with a shotgun taken from the corpse. I immediately pulled my crosshairs up toward him, and he did the same to me. I told him to lower the gun, but began shooting at my friend and I. I quickly shot him multiple times in the chest, and he fell over, dead.- After looting his body, it was only my friend and I left. We were wondering if he was the killer, or if he was just scared and confused like us, and thought I was the killer because of my newly found rifle.- We walked along a path away from the town, and into a forest. We had to keep heading North. Eventually, we took a look at our map, and stalled in a forest, trying to figure out where we had fled to. Suddenly, a man dressed in all camoflauge ran out from the trees and began firing his shotgun at us. I fired a few bullets into him before getting filled with holes, and my friend tried hobbling away before bleeding to death seconds after I died. Turns out, this guy had been stalking us, killing us, and making us paranoid of each other until he could finish us all off. He must have been watching us for an hour.The lesson is, don't go into a house that says to not go in."
76561198060682313,Recommended,299740,23003282,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ImpavidOtter,"Honestly not a bad game thus far. Notice the ""thus far"". If they keep on it I think this could turn into a fantastic game. Either way it's definitly worth a try!"
76561198286477217,Recommended,299740,23230810,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ByrdMane420,"alot of people hate on this game but its pretty dope for real. hard as hell, graphics are nice. people kill u most the time instead of team up with u but people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so thats to be expected"
76561198297532516,Recommended,299740,22726858,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BP,Not dissapointed one bit since i've bought this game.Only 2 hours in and i've made plenty of allies and gettinga good feel for this game. Coming from H1 Just Survive!
76561198043199504,Recommended,299740,22764098,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,buellogun,DayZ without the bugs.
,Recommended,299740,22789777,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TurboFanny,"STUNNING graphics, VERY fun gameplay and best of all funny glitches :D nahh jokes aside this is GREAT game and in my opinion worth every single cent!1 thing though tractors are faster than speed boats which I dont know about anyone else but that doesnt make much sence to me..."
76561198129059566,Recommended,299740,23176264,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CouchKushin98,awesome af
76561198075240079,Recommended,299740,24218205,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Optimized Autism,"Buy this over dayz or h1z1. It runs smoothly and the gameplay is better than both of the mentioned games, the ""mutants"" are much more advanced then zombies in dayz and they path around well. Just do yourself and favor and get this."
,Recommended,299740,24441659,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,macolyte,"Great game that has even better potential. Although there are a few bugs here and there, the developers are doing a great job and should be applauded. A bit like DayZ but with better graphics, performance and price."
,Recommended,299740,22725207,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,★ sake,"This is an updated review and totally honest, no fanboyism.PriceMiscreated is a really good game, and generally speaking (if you like its gender), I recommend you to buy it. MAYBE wait for a sale, or buy it anyway (its not expensive). But I gotta say it tho, I bought when it was on sale 50%, and that made it even more worth it, as in the state the game is now. I say this because this game clearly has potential. Its already good, but there is a LOT of things that can be added and modified. But the game is cheap anyway, so its a positive thing!GraphicsThe game uses the CryENGINE, so guess what? The graphics are ASTONISHING. The graphics on this game are AMAZING. Seriously, its so good, AND it doesn't have much FPS problems, which is surprising nowadays. Also theres are two specific thing about this game graphics that I need to talk about: the rain. The rain in this game is mind-blowing. Yes, its CryENGINE, but together with the atmosphere of the game, the rain is SO amazing. Seriously. When it started raining, I spent at least 10 minutes just looking at it. I entered a house when it started raining and it was so real, and the house really felt like a shelter that I didn't wanna leave. And the shadow/shader/illumination of this game is GREAT. You'll use the flashlight quite often.GameplayThe gameplay of this game is pretty straight forward. You can run, you can jump, you need food, you need water, you can get cold, etc etc. The inventory is really simple and straight forward and this is also a REALLY positive thing. I really liked the inventory system of this game. It is great. The gameplay is fluid and pretty solid. I like it.Mutants/ZombiesOk so, if you read some negative reviews of the game, there will be some saying that the mutants are glitchy and dont work. I don't know how it was before, but now, theres not that many problems. They will detect you, they will chase you (eventually they stop), they fight you, they give quite a lot of damage and can get you bleeding. You can fight them back, either with guns or meele weapons. I didn't find the combat glitchy at all. You need a couple hits (around 5) with a hatchet to kill them. It works as it should. BUT, keep something in mind: the AI is still a little bit glitchy. Maybe not like before, but still glitchy. If you enter a house, sometimes they will follow you inside, sometimes they will not. Sometimes they just say outside of the house colliding with a wall or something, and when you leave, they will not chase you anymore. So it is a little bit glitchy, but at least they never hit me through walls or anything like that, so its not that bad. And I don't know if the developers plan to change this in future, but as of now, theres not much mutants in this game.Current StateThis is the tricky part. The game is already good, it has a lot of funcionality. It has vehicles, you can get them to work, it has crafting, it has some base building (I didn't try base building, but as of now, they are basic I think). You need to find crafting recipes for some things. It has a good looting system/chance, food are quite common to find tho. Weapons are balanced, sometimes if there isn't much players on a server, you can find weapons more easily, but the loot chance is GENERALLY SPEAKING, balanced. Ammo is KINDA rare. There isn't much variety of weapons yet, though. But here is the tricky part of this game that may make you reconsider getting it or not: theres not much people playing, and the map is not very big. The game works now, its already good and you can have some fun, but it needs more things to be added and it needs more players. Sure, there is some full servers (35 people are the maximum capacity in the moment), but still, the game needs more players. The servers doesn't have shared hives (im not exactly sure of this), so that means if you play in a server, you have to login in the same server again to have your stuff. I don't like this for a couple reasons. And as I've said, the map has some city and it can get you some time to walk from one point to another, but the map needs expansion. Its not that big. When I read about the game before buying it, I read that the map was 1/4 of the DayZ map. I think it is smaller than that, like 1/5 of the dayz map or something. Its not very small, it takes you some time to go from one point to another, but its definitely not big.Glitches/CrashesSurprisingly, I didn't have many problems with this game at all! In the first day yes, I had some, in like 5 hours the game crashed 6 times but it wasn't the game's fault. My computer pagefile was deactivated, so it was giving me errors and frequent crashes lol. But I noticed something tho, if for any reason your game crashes when you are inside a vehicle, when you come back to the server, your vehicle lose all its parts (battery, spark plugs, drive belts), so you can't drive it anymore and have to find the stuff to make it work. That is a problem. But (if I recall correctly) the game didn't crash other than the times it crashed because of the pagefile thing. But maybe you can experience some crashes, my friend has, so I don't know. There is some glitchs with the inventory that maybe make you lose stuff, but you get the hang of it. So the game doesn't have many glitches and crashes to me, but it may do to you, so be aware of that.ConclusionGuys, if you are aware that this game is in early acess, its not complete and you may or may not face some technical problems and still wanna buy it, do it. You can still have fun with the game in its state. But KEEP IN MIND that it has more things to be added, a LOT more. I would say for most people its worth buying, because a LOT, and I mean A LOT of problems that people stated in the negative reviews section are fixed already, they are outdated reviews (not all of them tho). For some people I would say maybe wait a little bit for the game to be expanded, a bigger map and more stuff. But if you are waiting or planning to buy the game in the future and you find it on 50% sale, BUY IT. On sale, this game is definitely worth buying for everyone, even at current state.Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,299740,22764124,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dragonborn,"great concept , great graphics very immersive , but i struggle to call this an mmo when i cant find much players , hope the community growsthen this game will only keep getting better"
,Recommended,299740,22788346,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Viktor,Just the world I needed to lose myself in.
,Recommended,299740,22890609,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,HNA NAUT,"I love this game.The graphic is so good.The mutants ( not sure what they are) are quite dangerous but i like that, lol."
,Recommended,299740,22902593,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FatBird!,"It's been a while since I've played this game. So, I thought I'd try it out again. It seems like they've really polished some things up. The play is very nice, and it looks real good too. I haven't got into it real deep, but I'm planning on seeing what I can get into."
76561197996593538,Recommended,299740,22906697,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FadedGhost,"Great game better then h1z1,dayz ect more content game runs smooth as♥♥♥♥♥♥and looks amazing"
76561198067937964,Recommended,299740,23010950,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dire The Red,"Amazing!!Seriously though if you are a fan of dayz, rust, or any multiplayer hardcore survival game this game is a must. Dayz has been rocky ever since it was made, and even close to their full release the game is still a buggy mess. Now Miscreated had an extremely buggy start, but in its current state (still prealpha mind you) it is insanely polished, beautiful, intense, and filled with potential. The game even now is loads of fun, and worth days upon days of hours plugged into it.Dont be discouraged, give this game some love, these developers are making the next big survival game here."
,Recommended,299740,23134283,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,raymaster,they have done a great job with this one. It is by no means a polished finished game but they are very clear about that.The work they have put into this game shows when you play it. The artists they have on board are amazing. Some of the best textures I've seen in a game. The recent weather update looks great.Just check this game out. Its worth more then the 20 dollars they charge.
,Recommended,299740,23190771,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mr. Suck Dick,Badass game. So far love it. Trying get get friends to buy it. Its some what like h1z1 but that game is slowly becoming garbage.
76561198134500894,Recommended,299740,23203553,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,xHabs,"Miscreated is a beautiful game, graphics looks outstanding specially rain storms and the game has alot of potential. BUT like some streamers says (me included) the game just feels empty. You gear up a bit then what? you get tired of playing fast and i can't play 3-4 hours in a row like i do in Dayz because i lose interest after like 40-45 min. If they could work on that emptyness, this will be the Dayz killer! 7/10 (for now)"
,Recommended,299740,22788822,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Meowkey,A very promising open world survival game. It has a nice ammount of updates mixed in for those who are dedicated.
76561198019579972,Recommended,299740,24025772,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Odie,PROS+ Map has a nice layout+ Building variety+ Gun play+ Searching for loot+ Dev support+ Exploration is funCONS- Max # of players per server should be higher- Not enough zombies (mutants)- Base building isn't the greatest but it's getting betterStill highly recommend.
,Recommended,299740,24153110,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Damned,met three friendly peoplehelp them carried wheels and enginesrepaired a buslooting from town to townbest survival game-enviroment of this game is freaking great
,Recommended,299740,24151401,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SNG | 2HypedUp™,Amazing! Like DayZ but for only £8. You can't get better
76561198016485986,Recommended,299740,24154115,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,jforsaken1,"I wasn't sure what to expect but the reviews were so good and it was just $10.  Within first few minutes of running around searching for loot (a blast from the get-go) I ran into another player who waved at me and invited me to tag along with him while we met up with his buddy. He was friendly and gave me a motorcycle helmet. I thanked him and we got separated while I was engrossed in searching and exploring. I searched solo for a while and found some nice gear. Suddenly I noticed that I was dying (not sure why) and ran off in a panic. While running by some buildings I heard somebody saying ""Hey, theres a fully loaded guy running by outside. I stopped to see who they were, half expecting to be quickly murdered for my gear. Instead, they basically stood by and waited for me to die so they could have my backpack and junk. lol. I tried to respawn but was stuck with black screen with audio. I force quit the game and restarted. This time I scored big. I found a military base, found a pistol, an axe, etc. Then while searching another building, I heard scary growling from outside. I got up the nerve to investigate. I ran out the door to see what it was; a dog, a zombie?  Then I notice some guy with ok gear running by so I take off running after him. Maybe he heard the growling too? I wave to him when he notices me and stops. I hear him say ""A friendly!"", turn my back for a second to survey the scence and he attacks me in the back with his axe and kills me. Ugh, you little punk!  Cannot wait to play again tomorrow and I will be looking for you kid! LOL. This game already has me hooked in 2.5 hours! I can't wait to see what the devs have coming in the future."
,Recommended,299740,24157235,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skele-Bones,"it looks like such a cool game, but when i bought it and played, it crashed everytime. PLEASE FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
,Recommended,299740,24167280,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Vito Corleone,best survival game out...dont pay attention to all the whiners.....looks and runs amazing
,Recommended,299740,23576545,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chromify,"This game is promising and there is a lot to learn. Like most early access games, it has it's fair share of bugs and such. Sometimes the game really hates you and doesn't let you connect to a server. The game does, however, boast full controller support for Xbox and PS. The developers are also very kind and active. What this game really needs is a big YouTuber or Twitch Streamer to pick this up, that would be a substantial improvement for this game. If you play this game and you can record with decent FPS, please post any video you can. From funny moments, tips and tricks, or tutorials. Also be sure to play with a friend as your chances of survival are increased. It is much more fun with a friend anyways. Combat and vehicles are always in a state of constant change. All in all, until storage is released (in which case I will update this review), you are better off playing The Forest.EDIT: They finally added storage in! Although small it is very useful."
,Recommended,299740,23950607,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Henry™,"The most underrated survival game out there, this small indie team is clearly very passionate about their game, the game is more of a fallout dayz type of setting rather than a zombie setting which is unique and quite interesting honestly."
,Recommended,299740,24161271,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WSTLNDR,"I've been looking for a good survival game for a while. I always choose wisely the games I buy and this is one of my favorites, it has completely captivated me.I like its graphics, its gameplay, community and how it keeps growing.As an ""Alpha"" version game it's really inmersive and well done till now. Development team is doing a lot of work to improve the game at its best.My recommendation is buy it if you like the genre. Some situations are nerve-wracking (at least for me)."
76561198311593664,Recommended,299740,24163132,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,yung skrrt ( Jake ),10/10 would reccomend. very addivtive. cant stop playing
76561198141440717,Recommended,299740,24165983,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,kingfu_619,Best survival game out right now
,Recommended,299740,21554753,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,check6rich,Game has a lot of potential. Can't wait for future patch releases and more in depth building dynamics
76561198297985317,Recommended,299740,22828893,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,whatthefunk,"This game is acutally really good. On many levels it's ahead of the other games in this style of genre Dayz/H1.I am enjoying playing and look foward to see what direction it goes in.My only cons are as follows,The UI for inventory is on the small size.Also the server menuRating 9/10"
76561198182030509,Recommended,299740,22855309,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Freshprince,This is only survival game on steam which gets really better in every update. Devs are still working on the game and they are really trying to improve it in right way. This game is not abanoned like Dayz or going into wrong direction like Rust. Ignore the bad ratings and try it for yourself.
,Recommended,299740,22699415,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Goldschmidt & DinduSteinz LLC,"-yes this game supports crossfire-game uses cryengine, much better than the outdated unity engine that the cash grab companies usesee here for some of the available commands to help your game run betterhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416735848"
,Recommended,299740,24272278,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fozz,"One of the best survival games out there, this new patch has made the game amazing and shows that the devs actually care about the players, community is friendly (most of the time)i r8 8 outta 8"
,Recommended,299740,29026410,Posted: 4 January,all,TooCrazy,"Love this game, huge potential. I'm not going to sugar coat it. You're going to die. A lot. You'll lose a ton of loot. But man, no other game has gotten my blood pumping like this one. Hiding in a bush a few feet from some murderers talking about the poor sucker they just killed. Good stuff. I bought the 4 pack on sale for my friends. Glad I did because you kinda need friends to play this game with. There's strength in numbers. I never played Day Z because I didn't want to support the developer. It says a lot that Mr. Moon is playing this instead of Day Z now. Way better development team. Acually adding content to the game. Sure there's plenty of bugs. It's not the buggiest game I've ever played before though. And it's only an Alpha so that's expected. I'm really hooked on this game right now. This game is challenging, but rewarding once you actually start building a base and don't have to start complely over when dying, just have to find your base where your supplies are. Like I said, I got on sale for 10$. If I don't touch it again I already got my money's worth. But I will be touching it a whole lot more lol."
76561198164163962,Recommended,299740,22832317,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,David Leatherhuff,"Miscreated is a pretty nice take on the whole 'post-apocalypse world that we made' speel. Some company started buying up everything and marketing it to the point they controlled the world in some Captitalists wet dream. They Made some drug that started mutating people and made things worse.  There's probably more story but i'm too much of a lazy gamer to remember.As for the mechanics, it's all pretty stable. Gunshots get my heartrate going, exploring is always fun, getting shot at by some 9 year old with a shotgun makes me mad. All the staples of a  good multiplayer game.The base building needs some work and tweaking for the recipes and placement issues, and the graphics DEFINITELY need optimizing. Either that or my laptop just isn't good enough, but I doubt that. And don't get me started on driving.TLDR good game so far: stable enough, fun to explore, a squeaker will shoot you in the face eventually. 8/10 IGN"
,Recommended,299740,24233982,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Soldat. Trevor. ϟϟ,better than H1Z1 just survive and dayz standalone
,Recommended,299740,24266943,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,「 Swift 」,"8/10 This game is getting better and better every update. I will say that this game is worth buying if you like intense PvP action, and meeting new people. It also has amazing graphics and it isn't like DayZ but more like a smaller version of it. This game is like DayZ but less running. So if you have a group of friends it would be great to play with them. You can find eachother in about 2-4 minutes. The map is very simple to remember and theres only about 6 main cities. The only thing that i've noticed about this game is the lack of people that play it. But every since they started updating the game more the game has gotten alot of people since beta. This game is still in Alpha but it is getting better as the days go by. The developers are making this game a amazing experience for all of their player base which is growing everyday.A great early access post apocalypse survival game that plays like an arcade-ish Day Z. The game runs very well and the cryengine makes everything look great. The developers of this game are constantly updating and adding new and unique features to the game (like tornadoes and wolf packs). I hated this game when it first came out and it got much better. Skip a year later and now this is the best survival game on the market. This game has got the best weather on any game ive seen. and transition from night to day with that early morning fog is great. In this game a flashlight is you best friend, turn it off and you will think your monitor is off. the best part of the game is its just plain fun. Did I mention TORNADOS.Positives- PvP is great- It isnt running simulator- Amazing Graphics- The game is only 10$- The sale happens a lot which you can get the game for 3 other friends for about 30$- Update daily- New clothing and gunsNegatives- Lack of people- Screen goes black after crash- Gun sounds are garbage- Weapons are OP, such as hatchets / knives / ect.- Hard to find ammoI don't really see anything wrong with the game other than the player base, and that the gun sounds are really bad. If the game updated the gun sounds and put more work into them and made them louder instead of making them sound like BB guns then the game would be amazing. As I said before if they started to update the gun sounds this game would be a great game and it wouldn't be as underrated as everyone says it is. 8/10"
,Recommended,299740,22548821,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Raio Boss,"I recommend this game. I personally ticked the ""not interested"" option time ago when I first saw it, but a lot of things have been added to the game. The graphics is good and with the weather system it's even better. As of now there's no storage system BUT the developers are working on the new inventory system which will include the storage system as well. The AI has been improved but it lacks of something still, and imho they should add more mutants around the map.However, it's a good survival game, especially considering it's in its pre-alpha stage. I personally enjoy playing it, going around to find food and water, weapons and ammo, and the best thing is that you never know who you cant trust. I myself feel lucky I found a couple of people to hang aroun with. Also, you can build your own base, and once the storage system will be implemented it is going to be even more useful.You can also drive a range of vehicles, like 4 vehicles I believe: a boat, truck, two cars I think. The nice feature is that you need several different items to start a vehicle: belt, fuel, oil, 4 wheels, spark plugs and car battery. As of now vehicles can be really useful to move around the map but also to store more items for yourself and your group.I do recommend playing this game. Most of the reviews are old but now the ""mixed"" status is not real.YOu'll find people killing on sight, yes, you will. But you'll also find friendly people. Just do your best to survive and team up with those who deserve it.Hopefully one day a roleplay community will come out ^^.EDIT: Storage system is out! They are still working on it, improving it actually, but you can store your stuff now. What are you waiting for? Buy this game! It's better and better with every patch they release.EDIT: 9/11/2016They are still patching this game.. since the release of the new inventory management and whatever they did ( can't remember, but they did something really important), they kept releasing patches and the game becomes better. Once the environment will be really challenging (it is challenging now too but only rarely), this is gonna be really great. We only need things to do except for looting and killing other players.I still recommend it."
76561198091095150,Recommended,299740,24339916,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KamiTheUndyingPrince,Okay here is my uhhh amazing experience in this game.-Gets kosd instantlly-Runs around naked-Find another guy takes clothes off-We run around naked-We find a airfield-Some guy has lots of guns-He offers us guns-We take the guns-We then fisted each other to death :P10/10 would fist again
76561198166698801,Recommended,299740,23788285,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tyrone The Duck,I was a little sceptical before but now I like this game. The adventure and scenery are great and there is definitely some challenge. What people don’t really consider is that this game is in alpha and for an alpha game it is stellar. In the 10 hours I’ve played I have seen maybe 1 bug which was enemy gunshots being very quiet that’s it! The game is well made and maintained and if you want an apocalyptic survival game this is the one to buy! And patch 36 adds hundreds of new items and new vehicles and its out so I say get this game while it’s on sale because it has so much potential and is pretty fun! The problems people say they have are not the game but their internet or computer but if you can run most gaes well then this game should run fine.
,Recommended,299740,24064957,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Milkyway,"This game feels like warz, but plays as good as dayz, and looks as good as arma3, ty for good experience and great friends <3"
76561198010082775,Recommended,299740,23223800,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,huskey,Very active developers. I havent played alot I mainly check back to see the updates. I really like the the feel of the game. I'm just waiting on my friends to pick it up. My main thing I want to say is don't be discouraged by the old reviews. This game has come along way.
76561198097938024,Recommended,299740,23238929,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zarugal,"Good game that is getting there, but still needs work. The basics are all there, but the controls can feel a little loose and clunky.There is also an overwhelming lack of zombies (or whatever they are in this game) and weapons. Because of the lack of guns, the game lends itself to shoot-on-sight tactics to protect your loot which somewhat spoils the experience of encountering other players, because unless you are a fresh-spawn you're almost guaranteed to get killed immeadiately.The best thing about this game is that unlike the others in this category *cough* DayZ *cough* this game is actually going somewhere in it's development.This game is an investment, but one that I think will pay off in the end."
,Recommended,299740,24178850,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Reffelia,"I got this game few days ago when it was 50% sale. For an early access game it was a good price otherwise I wouldn't botther to buy it.First impressions and what I think it should be improved:- When opening the menu, there is a simple design with a very relaxing music what is awesome. I would leave room for design improvements.- There is no character creation feature what I think is faulty, I am not sure if it will be a thing later on, but I am  girl and I like to play with female characters. In this phase i am obligated to you use a guy with a purple t-shirt most of the times or a pink beanie.- One thing that I think it should be important even for a early acess game is how you can play with your friends. Ok it is nice when you start playing you spawn in the middle of nowhere with some clothes on, on a journey to find your friends. I think this is acceptable at least once. Although as the game progresses and you get killed several times, the journey to join your friends get tedious. My first playthrough was 3 hours wondering in the map to get where my friends were. Even with the map I was lost. I am not sure there would be a compass item or if it exists already in the game, because I was moving in circles near clyde hill.- More signs would be useful, more crowded maps and life ( animals, birds). Its an apocalypse world, maybe but it should have more PVE  elements. By the way more cars and bikes would be great.- People should be able to fish, hunt for food, do fires, drag corpses.- Riding the bike in the first person view should be improved.- The bleeding it should be more visible.- When playing I found an orange track pants, I wore them immediately  because I thought would be a nice gag between my group. We  went to brightmor from the place we found the pants, to find out later on that all my items that were in the previous pants were gone. I feel like the clothes menu it should have the option ""get them"" or ""equip them"" without messing the items.Besides that, the game as really awesome graphics and weather system. I had a lot of funs with my friends ( when I found them), and it is all that you expect in a survival game. It has some vibes of Last of Us mixed with other survival games.I love the sound of the birds and the way the players interact with each other, afraid to being stab from behind. I saw a boat, a bus to drive, and other several random stuff that makes this game a very good early access game. I am playing these for two days. I hope they improve the things I wrote above, because there is potential in this game."
76561198047867004,Recommended,299740,24191970,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,HOTLINE!,better then dayz
76561198204977904,Recommended,299740,24184637,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rhaven,"This game is amazing , i just got it and so far so good , there are a few problems that i would like to point out. while playing the game , it freezes at times , sometimes longer than other times , or it would freeze and id have to close the game and restart it , another thing , as soon as i log into the server it sometimes takes me back to the main menu , or while playing id be disconnected from the server which is strange since the ping is low on the server i play on and my internet is high speed , another thing is , please can you add a favourite list , so i dont have to find my server all the time , ive also noticed that there are not alot of zombie spawns , i have hardly seen any around , but i know the game is in alpha . But anyways im loving the game , i can see hours and hours being spent on the game XD"
76561198006942038,Recommended,299740,21581296,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Abang Blackbeard,oh man for early acces is prety damm good run smooth on my pc..oh and the cry engine look superb..please developer improve this game more...
76561197977063099,Recommended,299740,23313931,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,X3R0 D3D,"Very fun game, realistic (minus the bugs) and has huge potential with the added features coming in patches.Whitelist servers are a fantastic idea to prevent trolls, hackers and griefers from ruining everyone's ability to enjoy the game.  Most normal servers are ruined by griefer trolls who get bored of getting fragged on PVP servers so come to prey on friendly players.  so, not unlike every online game out there.Price reduction or server population reduction for user-run servers would be much appreciated!Highly recommend!"
76561198009636005,Recommended,299740,24015892,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tommy Terror,"Great game, very fun with friends."
76561198099287445,Recommended,299740,24310297,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,RaNgeL,perfect game for u who like survival .. recommended :d
76561198109612882,Recommended,299740,23972003,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,combatsmithen,"A really fun game, people are friendly unlike Dayz.I was scared and was hearing people, then a guy ran up to me and yelled ""HEY BUDDY!"" and told me to follow him, we then went into a house across the street where him and his 2 other friends gave me a .357 Revolver, it had no ammo though. We then proceded to loot a trailer park and gather a bunch of supplies and then they found and gave me a crafted 5.56 rifle.We continued on through a major city and encountered 2 more guys who were friendly and we rolled in a group of 6. After that we found a car and decided to split up, some of us would guard it and the others would go back to the trailerpark for some supplies to repair it. Sadly on the way there, my game crashed, and one of the people guarding the car had disconnected or something. By the time we got back on it was just 5 of us and I had to go."
,Recommended,299740,24114267,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ghost,"This game is AWESOME!, I recommend everyone to try it!  especially those who like openworld survival games (Action/Horror) :) A huge thumbs up to the developers! so... The ambience of the game is great, graphics is amazing for an online openworld game,  most of the players I've met are nice so far, it's like dayZ with a mix of rust but a better version, Suberb optimization! I did not expect to get a solid 60 fps in some areas!(city,villages, forests etc...)  Feels like a complete game already LOLs. there are some minor bugs but it doesn't bother me at all... hmmm... just the clipping of some outfits. :D but overall...  An Awesome game and I recommend everyone to try it!"
,Recommended,299740,24164451,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hemp_Smoker07,"Patch Notes. ""You can now use R to reload!"""
76561197964042954,Recommended,299740,21363439,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,King,"The Good----------- Nice graphics- Great gameplay- Runs smooth as a baby's♥♥♥♥♥- Awesomme community (havent been KOS 5 hours in)- Loot system works well and more logically than in other games imo- No hackers- Smaller map than most survivals out there(for now), to me this is a plus since i get to meet friends easier (no more running 3 hours to meet buddies)- IMMERSIVE, this is a big plus for me, the use of the flashlight at night, in old abandonnned graffiti house's or spotting other players from a far with their lights, or seeing animals move around, hearing flies near bodies and garbage's, etc...The Bad---------- The mutants, not only are they not scary, seems like they all look the same and are completely brainless. (im pretty sure this will change upon release.- Cannot host your own server, i wish this would change, probably get more people interested in the product but i think that is why there are no hackers for now.- The gunshots sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥Verdict-------Yes i recommend the game, it works better than dayz and H1Z1 imo.This flew under my radar at first for a while, plus de publicity doesnt look amazing and looks more like a dayz clone than anything but believe me its well worth it. Dev's, change the miscreated logo and store front and get this game seen by more people because this is great work."
,Recommended,299740,21678992,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,✪ ru1n,great game!
76561198180359182,Recommended,299740,21805079,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SinisterSteve,Great game but it needs storage boxes
76561197968415750,Recommended,299740,23988231,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vertan,"First impressions;Bought the game yesterday and tbh, i didnt expect much; seemed like a nice zombie survival game and the discount from the summer sale made it pretty irresistable. This game suprised me in a good way; this game utilizes the potential of the genre (zombie/ open world) much more then say, H1Z1. The mutants that roam around can be a bit glitchy tho, but i didnt find it that annoying; they still die when i hit them.So if you need a zombie survival fix, liked h1z1/ dayz but got annoyed with bugs/ performance; try this instead, i dont think it ll dissapoint."
76561198159980463,Recommended,299740,24071605,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SVVAG,"Good : - Beautyfull graphics + Optimalization ( Stable FPS )- Community- Every update introduce a lot of changes and fixes- Weather system (fog, rain, wind, rainbows, tornado)- Balanced economy- Local servers (national) and global servers- At this stage, disputes arsenal of weaponsBad :   - A small amount of mutants- Vehicle and AI animations- Few extensive crafting system"
,Recommended,299740,24121268,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RT_Mythictang,Better than DayZ I guess ?
76561198257056529,Recommended,299740,24721516,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SirhcViper,Verry nice FX and graphics!!!
76561198135185943,Recommended,299740,21529454,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DGTLONE,"What can i say that prob hasn't been said already . This game i have had since release and i must say it has undergone alot of changes . In my opinion the Miscreated Devs have made a game that challenges Us  , brings us together , and makes us realize that not taking the shot is sometimes the most important choice you can take. To anyone on the fence abouth weather or not they should purchase this game . I will not feel bad in any way by telling you YES give it a try and i'm sure you will be hooked too .  survival games have to be watching what these guys are doing next cause there closing the door on all others . If you take one bit of advice about a game Buy this one you won't regret it"
,Recommended,299740,24199429,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,James,"I found a Russian dude who spoke little English, and he wanted me to be his friend. Reluctantly agreeing, together we aquired ""crafted"" guns and were essentially decked out in supplies.Then there were some gunshots in the distance, near the airbase we were in. My newly aquainted friend couldn't understand my concern for it. I decided to just ignore it for now.We ended up splitting up to scavenge, and I lost him. Suddenly, I heard gunshots very close to me, and I hid in an army tent holding my makeshift gun at the entrance.Someone calls out to see if anyone's there. It seemed similar to my friend's voice, but his English seemed normal.After waiting for about 5 minutes, I rush out of the tent to see if I can find my friend. Standing still, I was shot in the back, but not completely dead. Looking behind me, I saw someone about 50yds away shooting at me with a rifle. I end up unloading my entire clip into him, not certain if any of them even hit.I then proceed to book it down the highway out of the compound, and he doesn't follow me.I regret the day I left my newly aquired Russian friend to die."
,Recommended,299740,23986763,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Doctor,Met a guy at the airport and sold cds with him for 10 minutes then got killed.10/10 would sell cds again.Game is amazing btw.
76561197982961254,Recommended,299740,24090126,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bob Kelso,"pretty awesome game, graphically s h i t s on all "" those "" other survival games.ppl ingame seem talkative which is nice. nobody likes kos`ing c u n t skeep it up devs"
76561198082111877,Recommended,299740,29744138,Posted: 6 February,all,PepeMeister,This is a really good game in my opinion but you will have to know the map pretty good to find people  if you are playing with friends.. But its also fun to play this game solo. And you don't have to waste alot of time trying to find someone.
,Recommended,299740,24635161,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lucage,This game is amazing. The world is stunning. The updates/patches are constant. I can't wait to see where this game going to end up.
76561198144140582,Recommended,299740,23951700,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CubanCigar,Dont listen to the reviews this game is underrated!
76561198074130486,Recommended,299740,23964874,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,XtremeChaos5150,This game is definitly better than Dayz. But to me the game is boring but only because I prefer to have action and actually do stuff. I am not a big fan of survival games to be honest but if you like survival games then you will probably love this game.
,Recommended,299740,24180434,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,xyungpablo,Miscreated is developing into something big!
76561198149703865,Recommended,299740,21352620,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tackleberry,"worth the money, this game beats H1Z1 and dayz both that mixed review is horse you will enjoy it go buy it 9.99 on sale"
,Recommended,299740,30839401,Posted: 30 March,all,Rigwarl,It's great game in general. It's great for playing with friends since you have to get involved when you're doing pvp. The game needs a lot of communication so that makes it perfect to play with others. It's true that needs more optimization but it's going in the right direction. Give it a try if you want one of the best survivals at the moment.
,Recommended,299740,24106876,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sheep Leader,For the 4.6h it's been crazy as ♥♥♥♥.WARNING FPS TENDS TO BE BAD AT MEDIUM MACHINES LIKE 30-40 MAX on high.I recommend the game it's kind of similar to H1Z1.It's fun and damn just insall dis game!
,Recommended,299740,21377223,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Rebitaay,"My Rating: 6.5/10TLDR: Good game, but combat needs some work. Very fun to play with friends. I wouldn't buy it at full price.Don't let the ""Mixed"" reviews turn you away, this game is great. I've been following this game for about a year now, and I can say that they've definitely made a lot of progress. There are some flaws, which is to be expected, some more troublesome than others. But at the end of the day, it's playable, and most certainly enjoyable. Although, I wouldn't buy it at the full price of $20 USD. I bought it at $10 USD when it was on sale, and I'd say I got my money's worth.Pros:Decent sized mapPlenty of lootGood quality voice chatBase buildingStable serversVERY fun with friendsCons:Fairly unoptimized (40-50fps, recommended specs, med-high settings)Guns need a lot of work. Bullet spread/drop is somewhat random.Guns can be hard to findLittle to no feedback when taking fire until you're hitNo storageVehicle physics are somewhat buggyNon-directional voice chat"
76561198084405263,Recommended,299740,21652103,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dicky Jasper,"Miscreated is by far the best early access post apocalyptic mmo on Steam(In my opinion). The developers are really passionate about making this game (unlike the developers of DayZ who make their game worse with every update). Miscreateds environment is amazing. It feels like an apocalypse actually occured and you want to explore it to see all it has to offer. You can tell they were inspired by the Fallout series and this is probably as close as were going to get to a Fallout Online game. The player interactions are always fun and unpredictable and can lead to some crazy situations. Theres also tons to do. You can pvp, kill mutants, loots houses, trailers, buildings and more, craft weapons, build bases, fix up vehicles to drive and explore the map to find fallout shelters and caves. This game is worthy of your $20. So give it go, you won't regret it ;).I blew up my friend standing on some gas cannisters, then I caught on fire and became the human torch for like 20 minutes. 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHbisZTqS4E"
76561198283362961,Recommended,299740,23545017,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Jävla gardintjyv,with friends this is a awesome game and if you do not have any friends then i feel bad for ya . do not even bother to read the old reviews cause this game is just so mutch better now with all the updates and i feel like this game is already more polished and a lot better then you know day ♥♥♥♥ing z.
,Recommended,299740,24091918,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr Slimsta  ツ,"By far the best zombie survival game out. Stable, bug free, realistic and graphical pleasing. Highly recommend the game."
76561198023303229,Recommended,299740,22574506,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rool Gonzalez,Its better than DayZ will be even in 0.61 update in 2020 :D Grab it guys till its available.
76561198179039614,Not Recommended,299740,17258428,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,dudgeonmole,"DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!I can not stress this enough, it is a very bland game. The only fun thing to do in this game is shoot other people, so that's all it is. It's a deathmatch in a small map. Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,299740,19309846,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lolziam,"Note that I have been playing this game for longer than my steam shows up ( Other accounts )Despite what everyone says about it, it's a great game. The CryEngine with this set of post-apocalyptic settle is a great combo and it gives you a feeling of awesomeness. The people have been complaining about the past ""Lack-of-content"" but now it has been improvised a lot. I do recommend this game due to the amazing graphics, great gameplay and the best soundtracks for a survival game. It's fun to play with friends and it feels way better than , let's say, even DayZ. Please note it is still an alpha and will improvise, I guarantee!"
76561198006409730,Recommended,299740,17260796,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sarah,"The game is great so far, but what it needs is to have a choice of male or female characters. Some kind of map would be nice, if not a map then lets us find a compass to use. How about letting us modify the weapons, such as supressors or maybe a bow and arrow or a crossbow for silent attacks.Thanx Sarah"
,Recommended,299740,21290499,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SkrubbyWubbyKins,"Miscreated is an immersive and beautiful apocalypse experience. Even with a map 1/4th the size of DayZ's it still feels very expansive in it's current state, and even Miscreated being an Early-Access release it plays with minimal bugs for me. Lack of content is the only downfall I have noticed so far.. which should be expected during the Alpha stage of development.Overall Opinion:   9.6/10I feel Miscreated is on it's way to being a great game with developers that pay attention to detail and consider player suggestions, unlike other survival apocalypse titles here on Steam (*coughcough*H1Z1*cough*). For only $10 out of my wallet for a high-quality game Miscreated get's a two thumbs up from me.**UPDATE**As of recently Miscreated has been receiving flak for being in development since 2013 without actually looking at the progress the small dev-team has made. Many things need improvements still, but it's clear that the developers are focused determined."
,Not Recommended,299740,33108888,Posted: 1 July,all,Åt :),"To be honest, when i bought this game i was hoping it would be my replacement for the DayZ Mod, it looked promising and since its early access i thought why not, it was on sale and i enjoy games like these normally.My excitement slowly dropped and hit rock bottom in about 13-14 hours of playtime, maybe less,At first i noticed that there is no challenge at all surviving on food and drinks, you would normally find 1-3 cans of food and or drinks in every house you walk into, with some other stuff laying around that might be useless, i still have no idea what the adrenalin does to you on this game...The zombies are a little bit scary if you meet two or more if you got a normal melee weapon, with only your fists you can take on one at the time with no real problem, you got the big zombie that drops good loot once in a while, that i find pretty OP, ive only encountered one twice, but he takes a lot of hp and if you meet him in a tight space you are most likely going to get hit for 20% on one hit, but this has nothing to say when you start to look at how the animals and zombies work, they have this area where they are walking around, and if they see you or whatever they do to target you, they run towards you and follows you untill they hit their max distance from the area they are supposed to walk in, then they start to go back and you can hit them while their walking back animation is going on, thats not the only problem, there is almost no zombies, you see one most of the time, but its not like they horde up often, ive encountered that some times, but this is the same with wolfs but they are actually dangerous, but then you can use the distance mecanic to kill them without taking a single hit of damage.Then we come to the vehicles, the bikes are ok, they are pretty buggy when you get on and off but they have a good place in this game, Vehicles with motors on the other side is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, cars most likely get stuck in some base and are being used once in a while, so its nearly impossible to get a vehicle if your not lucky that some car got destroyed and found one, or just kill someone that have one (you can be lucky and get on a server where they havent taken all the cars yet of course) but the point is that they should have a despawn timer if a vehicle is not being used frequently to stop this from happening, since the base building allows for vehicles to be stored inside.The base building is so ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ i can understand that some people like the way you get the creative out of people building bases, but it just sucks for a guy playing this game to survive, you also need to find guides that is almost impossible to locate the once you need, after 21 hours ive only found bridges and walls 2, i would like to trash the base building more, but it got a unique twist to the base building that i have to say is good, but it is overly complicated with all the crafting and diffrent types of walls/platforms.Overall this game is nothing i would recommend, but if you are into pretty easy survival games and just kidding around with some friends you can have fun, but this is not a game you can play for  a long time without getting bored with it."
,Recommended,299740,25010357,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,LoverBoyUSA,"10 times better than DayZ. Optimized very well, graphics are amazing on ultra. Perfect for Roleplay and building system is quite good."
,Recommended,299740,12738230,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cmdr_TacoShell,"For a Early Access / Alpha game the game plays and performs waaayyy better than other survival games (This game is coded on a tried and tested game engine, CryEngine). will definitely follow it through its development stage and report bugs i stumble on.Already enjoying the game in its current state and can't wait for future updates the devs throw at it. This game has potential."
,Recommended,299740,26307983,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Aeryes,This game is super pretty and quite enjoyable. Surprised there is not more people playing.
76561197971263756,Recommended,299740,12728994,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Strider,"umm is this game good ? who knows, i haven't been able to stay alive long enought to do anything constructive. and not because of mutants, i haven't seen any. but because people still act like dumb animals and kill on sight. i don't know if the map is extreemly small or what, but there is ALWAYS someone close by with a hammer that manages to kill you in 2 hits. fresh spawns have no chance. it's actually worst then DayZ because you can't even tell the guy to screw off, chat system doesn't work.other then that, the graphics look good. this game has alot of potential if i could actually play. the mouse look is really wonky and i wish i could disable that and play it like any other FPS"
,Recommended,299740,23601783,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kuday csgobig.com,I bought this game ... It was fun ... I play Again tomorrow...  I find Rifle i go kill... I get killed ... Find car ... Needs to be fixed ... Get droved over by a kid yelling♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... Now i Cry ... Good game tho
,Recommended,299740,17460151,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,IronKnugen,"found a group of people they didnt shoot me we had a dance party for 1 hour , saw another guy he said he was friendly he killed my new friends i killed him took hes clothes they were comfy i miss my friends 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,16681140,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Someone,"Pros:GameplayGraphicsGreat communityActive devsVehiclesBase building coming up next patchDetailed surrounds, beautiful mapGood pvp systemOptimizationCons:Mutants AI still on workPersonal opinion:Worth every penny, way more interesting and fun to play than dayz or any zombie survival yet."
76561198325179797,Not Recommended,299740,35092658,Posted: 20 September,all,Conspirator III,"I have played this game a bunch, mostly due to the fun interaction with other players since the actual game content does little to keep one interested. I have also rented a server for the last 3 months. After many hours invested and spending money on the game and server, overall I feel mostly disappointed with the whole experience. It now just feels like a big waste of time and a continual grind to regain the same items over and over that were usually lost to a glitch or another player looking to steal your stuff instead of finding their own. It takes a while to get good gear, weapons, ammo, vehicles etc. and to lose it constanly just to start over is pretty frustrating and unfulfilling. The developement team seems uninterested in doing anything to really improve the game or the many issues / glitches and would rather just add a few basic items occasionally to try to keep the community interested. It almost seems as if this game may have become less of a priority than their other project. Of the many players I interacted with, most seemed to feel an overall sense of dissatisfaction and I saw many who lost interest and just quit all together.  I've decided that I won't be renting a server or playing this game any longer. There are better games out there to spend time and money on.Pros:Good GraphicsDecent EnvironmentCons:GlitchyLacks ContentTerribly Slow and Clunky Crafting SystemPoor Game MechanicsNo Character Appearance CustomizationLimited StorageNo Survival AspectToo Few MutantsToo Few Mutant TypesTime Wasting Repetitive GrindLimited Weapons and GearNo Learnable SkillsConfused Developement TeamConstant Despawning of Gear, Vehicles and Dead BodyKill On Sight Obsessed CommunityExpensive Server Rental CostVery Limited Server Options"
,Recommended,299740,33845633,Posted: 27 July,all,Kolten,Very very good game. Very nice survival feeling and very nice PvP and base building. It's focused on military survival massive PvP and I love it! It's a great deal for a buck if you're a fan of Survival PvP.
,Recommended,299740,30939624,Posted: 4 April,all,Nickolaus Club House,Honestly not a bad game. could use a bit more loot and lots of zombies but for now i like it. Please put more zimbies and guns :)
,Recommended,299740,12740920,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salkio,"Wow.... This game is really good. I can see this becoming a very popular game if the developers dont give up!So far this is the only survival game which i actually feel like im surviving. You loot houses and you will fine like 2 or 3 food if your lucky.Suggestions:Players can open boxes, draws, cabinets, car doors etcPlease make the hunger/thirst more demanding to make us feel food is a need (which it is)good luck dev team all the best in the future!!!!"
,Recommended,299740,18509699,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ｓｃｈｒｏｅｄｅｒ＊,♥♥♥♥ YOU DEAN HALL
76561198298109300,Recommended,299740,24303791,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sanchez3030,"Very fun game. of all the alfa MMO's ive played this one is probably the most polished, graphically. ive had a few strange bugs but the fit and finish are very promising. There are a few features that could use some work (vehicles are mildly glitchy when more than 2 players are on board and i still think beginner players deserve more useful craftable building items - like roofs. Also, the ability to make a basic bow/arrows would lend some realism to the game as well as give new spawns the ability to hunt/somewhat defend themselves) but so far the game seems well balanced and realistic..... almost too realistic. The game maintains a good balance between pvp and pve. The Mutant/zombie/walkers aren't as big a threat to you as other players are, but they still provide enough of a reason to try and make peace with your neighbors. the base building feature is well put together and if you put time into planning your base it can come out looking pretty decent. Limits on small storage containers need to be increased but i've put together a useful and fairly defensible enclosed base and containers are the only part ive maxed out on so far. i've found that the drop rates for items and specifically ammo is fairly realistic - you wont find 50 rounds for your ak47 in a kitchen sink - but that means that if your walking around with 8 rounds for your 9mm you are more deadly than the average guy. one of my favorite aspects of the game is that there is virtually no difference between a character that has been active for months vs a fresh player as there are no cumulative stats - you are only as good as your equipment. Having played many apocalyptic/zombie games (DayZ, Dead State, Dying Light, State of Decay, ETC.) i find Miscreated to be the most honest and realistic interpretation of survival in a zombie apocalypse. Lots of unique player encounters and never a dull moment. To quote the seemingly immortal Homer Simpson; ""9 thumbs up""."
,Recommended,299740,24233663,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tim,super good game waiting more update . +rep
76561198003380766,Recommended,299740,24252204,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Solid Snake Bake,"Had more fun in this then I've had in my 200+ hours in DayZ.Game is crazy fun and looks fantastic for Alpha. Can't wait for future updates.Bring friends, and ammo."
,Recommended,299740,24232125,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,*OkE*,"Best fun in PVP ive had in awhile, 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,23628412,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mahyo,gameplay okay but this game doesnt support amd cores that much so i had fps problems
76561197991740775,Recommended,299740,22631131,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Justice238,"This game is far from finished, and it is already a better ""survival"" game than H1Z1 ever even thought about being.  If you are in to a survival experience, and want a true survival game, buy this game and support the developers.  Dont expect it to be a finished prodeuct, but just know that the guys working on this game know exactly what a true survival experience is, and they are doing it. They could easily conform to the masses and complete the BR mode to make more money, but they aren't. They are sticking to making a core survival experience at heart, and I love it.  The world is truely immersive and is the best looking post apocolyptic game you will play with overgrown houses, stores, and streets.Do youself a favor and give this game a buy to support its development.  Storage is coming soon, they just have to rework how the servers send and recieve info.  Go to Entrada Interactive on youtube and watch their video from 2-20-16. It will explain a lot of things and answer a lot of questions you may have.10/10 development so far.... keep doing what youre doing guys!"
76561198129798020,Recommended,299740,24509281,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Addsheep29,"Personally this is probably my 2nd favorite game of all timethe game has come such a long way since the beginning of developement. at first, loot was SUPER rare and all they had was a t-shirt, a gun, and an axe. now they have over 10 guns, over 10 melee weapons, and almost 100 clothing options, not to mention gas masks, many vehicles, and EXTREMELY smart ai. it runs super smooth and the game has a great community. ive only been killed on sight by one guy XDover all i STRONGLY recommend this game to any Dayz lovers.good luck to all future servivors!!!p.s: ignore the first trailer the 2nd and 3rd are WAY better :)"
,Recommended,299740,23913651,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gossett,"An amazing game, graphics are beautiful, gameplay is fun, gun play is awkward at the current moment but still fun. This game runs OK, not great, but not bad. Definantly worth a buy."
,Recommended,299740,24099167,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,P L E R,"I have only played for a few hours, but i can assure you that this game is worth the money. It was insanly fun for the short period of time i had a chance to play. The community was very nice and i was only got killed on site once (  Cause i was holding a gun )Also, i like to think the game is like Dayz and H1Z1 had a baby. But surpasses both graphicly and gameplay wise (imo)In conclusing the game is beautiful, plays very well and is very fun to play."
,Recommended,299740,24522658,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,[Deathstalker],1st game I purchased on steam.. didn't regret my decision! great game 8/10
,Recommended,299740,27789157,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThaKloWnYT,VERY good game... PVP is nice and smooth... Loot is not op to find.. The game has the real survival aspect to it.. This game is what DayZ could only dream of ever being
76561198029304475,Recommended,299740,23826686,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr_Ghilliepig,"Easily one of the best survival/walking simulators I've played for a long time. For a game so young, it is very polished (not like some older games. *cough* RUST *Ccough*I play with a group of friends, mainly on experimental servers and it's a great thing to see the Devs at work and see the changes happen in real time. The latest addition is a massive city, many buildings to explore, alleys to get lost in and mutants to stab you in the face.  I'd reccomend Miscreated, especially at the £7.49 sale price.GIve it a go. It's a game that'll omly get better as the community grows."
,Recommended,299740,27773276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheAntChrist,"In my own opinion, this game is much better than Dayz. The graphics are better, gunplay is better, in general its better across the board. I hope the devs get the funding they deserve and make this game the best in its class."
,Recommended,299740,22639991,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Rich Cop,"The game is in Alpha testing as of this review.The game itself is great, great potential, great concept, and believable end of the world scenario.The problem is the players.There are PVE servers, or so the claim to be PVE. Which is great, because I really don't care for PVP. Not that I don't mind pvp games, but, when a server is listed as PVE it should be PVE.The problem is that there are those out there that pretend to be friendly, you know push f2 to show hands raised or wave as if they are friendly, then when your back is turned they shoot and loot. This has happened to me multiple times on different pve servers. Since this game is very realistic with health dropping rapidly once you get shot there really isn't anything you can do but bleed out and start over, or become a raider yourself. The game really devolves into 2-4 man groups killing eachother for petty supplies, no matter which server you are on.Gameplay is fantastic, but everyone becomes a hunter or the prey, don't kid yourself into thinking you can be friendly in this game.Edit: Since posting this review I have found a whitelisted server that actually does play strict pve. the players are friendly and helpful. There is the occasional jerk, but if a player is found to be breaking the server rules they are banned. I would suggest finding a whitelisted server with rules you like and joining it."
,Recommended,299740,22654180,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tamaster,"Review: MiscreatedLast Review Update: December 19, 2016Version 44===Rating 8.0 / 10 - Getting better and better===Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ Very good atmosphere and graphics, it will make you really feel inside an apocalypse, especially at night time.+ Well recreated environments and cities+ Finding good loot is very hard and will take you a lot of time+ You have to look for recipes to craft more advanced things, enhanching exploration and discovery+ Solid base building system with traps, barricades, walls and accessory structures+ Zombies are a real threat, unlike in other similar games, and will kill you if you are not prepared+ Environment hazards like radiations, tornadoes, lightning storms and also starvation / dehydration are serious threats and make the game experience deeper and harder+ Overall stable net code and servers+ Not many bugs for being an Early Access, unlike many other games which are a full of bugs+ Group system- Cons -- Overall quite limited variety of Weapons, Clothing, Foodstuff and Accessories- Buildable containers are available, but limited to 2 per base.- You can build bases, currently, floating in the air. This leads to player bases being built in such ways that they cannot be raided.- Some graphical bugs, but many has been fixed- Zombies are often few and scattered around, no ""hordes"" as you would expect in a proper apocalypse- Invisible barriers around the map prevent players from going further, something like radiations would have been a lot better- Temperature currently has no effect on a Player's health whatsoever===I think this game has potential to become the perfect mix between Rust and DayZ. It is very good despite its alpha stutus. It is fun and can be played also alone but with friends is better.It improved greatly with the June and July 2016 patches: new zombie type, new map area, lots of new stuff to loot.-- UPDATE September 2016 --Lots of stuff has been fixed, new huge city of Hayward is now mostly finished and explorable with new military loot zones and also civilian.New improved infected AI and new super infected really make you stary on your toes.Some new weapons and clothes varied loot more.-- UPDATE December 2016 --A new enemy has been added, which is even more dangerous than a normal super infected.Many animations have been fixed.Many new guns and equipments have been added so far.Loot spawns have been rebalanced in a batter way than before."
76561198080097219,Recommended,299740,22720018,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,OKAYGUV,"This game is a pretty nice alternative if you liked Dayz or Standalone but want to play something being devolved a lot faster and better. It does not have as much variation or the same amount of content but the team is definitely active and trying their best to make the game as good as they can. Updates are pretty constant with a full list of what’s been changed and added. I know early Access games are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes and don’t get me wrong, there are bugs and it’s not perfect, but my personal experience so far has been pretty solid. They also have a pretty nice community, which is a plus in any game. If you want to give it a go and if you are a pretty open minded person, knowing that it’s not 100% perfect yet, then give it a go and see what’s up, otherwise wait till full release. I personally think this game is going places and I really hope the Devs keep up their amazing work. Also to the Miscreated team, if you guys need an artist for any promotional stuff or posters, hit me up!"
,Recommended,299740,23849626,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,gucci,"Every patch this game gets better. Everything a survival game should have is slowly coming together that makes for a great experience. Player count is a bit low, it could use a free weekend/sale but its lightyears ahead of dayz/h1/streamer hype. Dev team actually cares 10/10."
,Recommended,299740,24275089,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,The Berg,everything I hoped for in day z sa in a better package
76561197975734539,Recommended,299740,24379103,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Apollo (Snake),Really cool graphics and great weather pattens...all this really needs is more players....
76561198212106056,Recommended,299740,22596011,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BadKitty,"OK, I really really like this game but the zombies are really hard to kill and damage you pretty good. And there is hardly ever just one after you, its usually a 2 or 3. I just feel like I'm running from them the whole time. But fun otherwise."
76561198116980659,Recommended,299740,24172213,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SnakeSister,"Best survival i've played so far.Much better then Dayz, smooth controls, beautiful, awesome nights, mists, storms - makes the gameplay awesome (few bugs here and there, nothing annoying tbh. Grab a friend and PUT HIM ON YOUR GODDAMN BACK WHEN CYCLING."
,Recommended,299740,24262368,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,✪ Can2701                      ✕,"The Start is Hard, but its fun to play x)"
76561198090623813,Recommended,299740,22622784,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jguerrero1111,needs work but thats obvious for an early access game. overall pretty good
,Recommended,299740,24477640,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sythxz,"So, it's quite fun until you get shot out of no where and die or find a car and spend soooo much time getting parts for it just to get in and be glitched to death.Besides a couple bugs and upsets, like climbing ladders, trading clothing and guns on dead bodies, the way loading weapons work, not being able to put primary weapons in your inventory, not being able to take something from a dead body while your teammate is looting the same body as well, THE STUPID FALL DAMAGE IN ONLY CERTAIN AREAS!, etc....Other than these, that I'm sure you will experience, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing fun.What I would like to see;More ways to capture people besides tying them up, like being able to chain them to you and make them follow you or being able to chain them to a pole. More ammo spawns! The weapons spawn just enough, but the lack of bullets suckkkkk, it ends up making people need to kill others more just to loot their ammo. Which kinda sucks because then you are always on high alert. Which I guess for some people is the best part, just the constant pvp, yanno :PI'd like the rarity of cars to become a bit more common... Finding parts for cars happens almost every other building or house you explore, but finding an actual drivable car comes almost never, unless someone is trying to run you over.More types of weapons, like brass knuckles or a whip lolLastly, CAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want a pretty shotgun to shoot a loser in the face with, not a dull lame♥♥♥♥♥common skin. Screw that. come on!!!!!! pleaseeeeeeeeeAlright, that's it buh bye"
76561198004777567,Recommended,299740,22599302,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,GurgleBlood,"I'm mixed on the Alpha version of the game.  Great environment, chilling undead, and fun investing the area.  The not fun part is spending 1 hour getting gear and getting ganked by PVP players.  If you could accomplish something in the game without the fear of other humans, the game would be more compelling.  There is no safe haven to run to and you lose all your loot when you die.  If you like PVP, you will like the game."
76561198044541469,Recommended,299740,23915014,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PaulWall,10/10 amazing game and really fun
,Recommended,299740,28110385,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kinotsu,"Edit 5/17/2017:The new main menu interface is so clean! It was a much needed update to make the game look more polished, and a huge step up from the old interface that looked bland and made the game look cheap. Great work! All it's missing personally for me is 3rd person aiming support.Old Review:Great survival game, great graphics, slow but frequent updates, and overall fun gameplay. The guns feel good, the zombies are actually a threat, and the PvP servers can be pretty intense. They will make you extremely paranoid and have trust issues, but I feel like thats part of the experience lol. They're also full of kill on sight people but I guess that's to be expected in this genre but if you can find a good PvE server with the right group of people it becomes pretty addicting scavenging for new stuff and building your own base and working together without having to worry about getting killed every 10 minutes by some foreign guy.That pretty much sums it up for me, looking forward to the full finished game in the future :D"
,Recommended,299740,22636446,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[getTekt]observerq,"Great Game. Ive played alot of this typs of games, DayZ, H1Z1, and many more. This one of the best."
76561198010586746,Recommended,299740,23734369,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gooner,"As long as you play this game knowing that its still in alpha and bugs are prone to happen, Its actually pretty good.I recommend playing with friends but can still be fun solo. This game has tons of potential and stands to be better than dayz or h1z1. The creators are passionate and want the game to be as good as we do.Would definetly pick up when on sale if your interested in these types of games."
,Not Recommended,299740,16464625,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,tieio,"Super buggy, unable to do much and as soon as we do join a server, we get booted right away or the lag makes it unplayable. We have zero issue with other games so this is certainly not our 'puters.It would also be nice to have a map, be able to have our own server just for our group and be able to find one another and join up as a group in the game.Here's to hoping things will improve and I can redo this review."
,Recommended,299740,24008570,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Guccii Supreme,"Get killed and lose everything.Separated from friend when respawn.Walk around beach.See trio building a base.See a truck hanging off the side of a half finished, raised garage.Front wheels are hanging off the edge.♥♥♥♥♥♥sneak over and get in.turn on car.no gas.♥♥♥♥.jump out and all three have now surrounded me.tell me to get naked and then let me leave.killed myself.8/10 for improvements from the original release and for the intensity of situations you can find yourself naked in.8/10 for some graphical bugs but beautiful graphics nonetheless."
,Recommended,299740,21436017,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kenny,"The moment i found this game on steam i thought to myself "" another survival early access game that fails to impress... "", and as i saw the comment section, it confirmed just that. But still, the fact that is was made with CryEngine intrigued me. So, when i saw it was on sail for 50%, i decided to buy it, and i have to say, i don't regret it one bit! Thinking about it now i would have even payed full price for it :) In my opinion it is better then DayZ, H1Z1 and Rust!It is the first early access game that i see a lot of potential for the future, and not just being an early access game as an excuse to being full of bugs and bad game mechanics. Recommend it 100%, i am having a lot of fun with this game! :)"
,Recommended,299740,21543065,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,✪ dek <filthycandy.uk>,"One of the best true survival games I have ever played. 100x better than H1Z1. A very split community, some are very friendly, helpful and giving and the other is like any survival game, who kill on sight.With the map rapidly expanding, new additions on the way and updates very regularly I can't wait to be apart of the game until it is near completion"
,Recommended,299740,23632658,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nokowaa,"Great game, such a rush when you kill people and so nice to talk to people."
,Recommended,299740,24204032,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ZaRii,"Overall Miscreated is a great game with similarities to DayZ, however it does things in a different way. A good different.Graphics are 10/10Gameplay 9/10Sounds/Audio 9/10Sure some glitches are existant and items are a little sparce but it makes up for it with the stunning visuals.You actually have to actively search through buildings and houses to find what you want. Just walking in and staring at the floor with give you very little in this game.This game is great to play alone and would be even better with friends to help out.My Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,299740,24238272,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Coffee4Blood,"For a game with no story, I have had some of the most fun and dramatic moments on it. Not to mentin the visuals can be breathtaking. Sometimes when it is raining or a heavy fog rolls in and you're being chased there is just no way to describe it. I highly recommend this game, it's fun by yourself, and creepy, and it is possible to make friends. Just beware of most of the strangers!"
,Recommended,299740,24727267,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Atomanas,"Love game graphics and colors very satisfaying also weather system gives chills and game runs pretty smooth for early access game of course there is some freezes and bugs, but can't say game doesn't need a lot of improvements because for now game is just shoot to kill simulator need add more things to do because base building is not the best thing  in this game with more love this game has potential thumbs up for creators of this game keep it up the good work :)"
,Recommended,299740,24732979,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JSoundsOnline,Best game I've played in a long time. Love the multiplayer
,Recommended,299740,21437209,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,RumHam,"A bit buggy but I think people forget that this is early access. It looks and handles great, and once the features start getting fixed/added it's going to be amazing! It could easily be the best open world survival for quite some time if they can keep up with the updates and try to listen to what people would like to see added."
,Recommended,299740,23921784,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CjmatthewsTheThird,"Amazing game in so many aspects of it from the weather to the graphics on the Cry Engine. Plays well and is getting good and constant updates. It is very unique and consist of many things you wouldn't see in other survival games such as tornadoes. People who have put negative reviews clearly do not know what they are talking about. This game is a hidden gem and needs more attention. Check it out. The price for what you pay for this is 100% worth it, ecspecialy when it is on sale!!!"
76561198198132825,Recommended,299740,23937041,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ConfogulWogul,"I like it. Not sure why it says Mixed though, best survival game out there IMO."
76561198132547591,Recommended,299740,24091929,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Baba Ghanoush hellcase.com,fun
76561197962065732,Recommended,299740,24149727,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SERVOx86,"At the time of this review I have around 20+ hours of gameplay logged.As a veteran player of ARMA style survival games (DayZ, Exile, Breaking Point, ect.), and others like ARK, this game is scratching at an itch that faded long ago. CryEngine makes a game about surviving in a wasteland beautiful. While the game overall is a WIP (work in progress), its development cycle is hammering along. Honestly, I am not into the base building aspect, especially during an alpha phase that has no permanent foundations, but that doesnt mean there isnt good things there. The overall feel of the game is great with simple controls and a realistic and not cartoony weapon balance.I'm really enjoying the game but there are some things that I would like to see added. A server browser that you can favorite servers (so I know where my characters are without remembering/writing down IRL). Also more administrative ruleset toggles as the current PVE/no KOS servers can't be trusted (the last one I took a molotov to the face as I said ""hello"" to someone).People in game seem really excited about Miscreated, and i'm right there along with them."
,Recommended,299740,24141811,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Steven,"super fun, new update is amazing! one thing i would like to see changed though is the models of things inside your inventory. things like ammo, guns, and food/water doesn't look very cool in your inventory, nothing like it does before you pick it up. also the hunger bar and stuff doesn't look cool so if it looked more like dayz mod that would be amazing!"
,Recommended,299740,27456228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SADB☹YS,"I have like 200hrs into it, still so much to do, and way from bored. I love this way more than the other games in the same genre, 10/10.Devs are amazing, we get updates on a monthly basis.Edit: Now I have over 600 hours and still thinking the same."
,Recommended,299740,24268560,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Senate™,Helll ya
,Recommended,299740,24267677,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dank Brownie,DAMN WHAT A GAME!!! This game is like DayZ except the Devs actually care about their players. the Cry engine is beautiful and the game just works. Very few bugs and so many adventures. best game ive played in a whileIGN: 11/10
,Recommended,299740,24268087,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,CommanderAlexander,"Previously I was not planning on buying this game, but i saw recent reviews and saw that it was on sale and decided to give it a try.Honestly very well done survival game for an Alpha. The world is supprisingly atmospheric and even though it lacks wildlife at this stage in alpha the world still seems alive which makes it slightly more immersive.Combat is also smooth and intense, most encounters with non-friendlys will leave your heart beating fast. Reminds me of the thrill I felt when survival games first started getting popular like the early days of Dayz Mod.At this point the game is still lacking alot of content making it somewhat simple but the Re-play value seems to make up for that. I can see true potential for an awesome final product.Only complaint I have about this game is the semi-poor optimization. I have a beefy computer but the only way I can play smoothly is if I keep the graphic settings on low. (50-60 FPS)Although I dont really mind because the game is still rather pretty with the graphics on low and I just remind myself, it's still in alpha.8.5/10"
,Recommended,299740,29292531,Posted: 16 January,all,magicarp magician,"Fix that ladder mount thru walls :DEDIT 1: it's fixed, that's nice from devs :DEDIT 2: Wow, had top gear and got respawned off the map when logged into the server again, yay...EDIT 3: Fix UI on lower resolutions..."
76561198037653531,Recommended,299740,22715172,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gelus,"Definitely ""a must have"" game for every post-apocaliptic and survival fan.This game have a MASSIVE potential, is full of great ideas and absolutely astonishing environment.If you have enough of playing ugly DayZ-clones, Miscreated is all you need.After all it's CryENGINE - so it's got to be awesome...and it is!Po setkach godzin spędzonych w DayZ i przeróżnych modach pod Armę 2 i 3 polecam tą grę z czystym sumieniem.Graficznie wygląda świetnie, lokacje ociekają detalami i smaczkami, a całość wygląda bardzo realnie. Pozarastane domy i całe miasteczka, pozostałości infrastruktury etc. wszystko to wygląda naprawdę przepięknie, a pamiętajmy że to ciągle wczesna wersja.Gra ma potencjał i to ogromny, jeśli deweloperzy dalej pójdą tym torem przywiązując tyle uwagi do detali, to możemy wreszcie dostać coś naprawdę świetnego, co pozostawi daleko w tyle wszystkie inne popularne dzisiaj tytuły."
76561198028509395,Recommended,299740,23858473,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,OverlyJammy,Great game alot more stable then dayz and there are alot of updates
,Recommended,299740,27399660,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"U CAN U UP,NO CAN NO BB",good game  keep upgrade
,Recommended,299740,24173860,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,○ BigRed,"This game is great! Many changeable video options for anyone who is wondering and can not run at max graphics. Time to share one of my funniest experiences imo-Previously gotten killed so lost all guns and bicycle (RIP bicycle)-Spawned on a road-Dark outside-Explored a single house on the side of the road-Found ""Megalite"" (very bright flashlight)-Start walking down a road-See a sign that says if I keep going straight there is a town-Keep following the road toward town-Look to my left and see a base-walk toward base thinking ""I wonder if anyone is home?""-Unfinished so I could walk through.., Nothing-""Well guess nobody is here...""-Hears a click and a light from behind me-See my own shadow-Wtf-Turns around to see a guy right next to me-Punches me in the face-Start running, he starts chasing-Guy screaming at me ""GIMMIE YO FLASHLIGHT""-Me ""NO ♥♥♥♥ YOU""-Swim across river-Run into woods-Still be chased-Turn off flashlight and hide in bush-See flashlight looking everywhere-Sprints right past me, practically touching-Haul♥♥♥♥♥the way I came-Keep flashlight11/10 would run and save flashlight again"
76561198315040921,Recommended,299740,24376286,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Drauzio Vrau Nelas,wow 10/10 such great omfg rekt lol adrenaline
,Recommended,299740,24505130,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Peewster,Thise game just keeps getting better and better!!!
,Recommended,299740,24753498,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Not Pete,"Seems like a fun game, can be slow at times with lenthy bouts of walking and the lack of items around the place is kinda annoying.  For example you can search 5 or 6 houses and come out with nothing of value maybe a bit of food..  Ammo and guns are hard to come by unless you spawn near the army barracks I've found, and even then you'll be lucky to get out alive.  You can't get into a melee fight with the zombies unless you have bandages because you'll just slowly bleed out after the fights over with no way to stop it.  The map is pretty big and there is a max of 32 people per sever so you'll very rarely run into anyone.  I was playing with 30 other people and saw 1 other person the entire time who just KOS anyway.Overall I think it has some serious potential, not that I'm an expert but as of now it feels like you walk too much and search too much and the rewards dont relate to the time you put into it all.  There was one point I felt like I was really getting somewhere I had a rifle with maybe 9 bullets but all of a sudden dropped dead.  No noise, no bullet sound or anything, maybe a glitch? but then I respawned and had no idea where I was and really didn't have the motivation to go back to searching identically made houses for the next hour."
76561198019924436,Recommended,299740,23837905,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,VG Gidz_ZA,"I have over 700 hours in dayz, and I can gladly say that this game IS defnitely worth a buy.I have only had awesome encounters so far!!I recommend this game!"
76561198049766659,Recommended,299740,24170030,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Universally alone,i was able to find loot.10/10
,Recommended,299740,25516750,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Cheese,"I first got this game at the beginning of 2016 and was amazed with what it brought to the table. It was my first survival game however so I didn't know what others had to offer and at this point I didn't care. The first thing I noticed was that the devs were very active. When I first got the game I was annoyed with certain glitches but within the first month or two of playing most of them had been ironed out. This gave me a lot of faith in the dev team and they have kept that to this day.The weather system is one of the things I would like to draw attention towards. There are multiple different weather patterns that can strike at anytime. Heavy fog, mist, storms, wind storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, heavy and light rain. It makes you really appreciate when its a nice sunny day out and adds a lot to the immersion. Just imagine chasing someone down the road when a heavy fog rolls in and all the sudden you can't see 5ft in front of you and get lost in the middle of a field.The amount of awesome experiences ive had in this game can't be counted, all I can say is buy it. If you think $20 is to much then wait for a sale which happens every 3 months at the most and get it for half off. A wooping $10 for a game that you could spend as much time on as me."
,Recommended,299740,17238169,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,KnightFox,"PROS & CONSPros:Surreal GraphicsAmazing gameplay(mutants,gun animations,ambience and locations /caves)Vehicles/Base BuildingGlitches are far less.Cons:Some loot like Snipers is so rare that its extinct.Think sniper is rare? Just wait till you starting looking for its scope!Some sounds are so loud (footsteps,water) that its actually annoyingEven if you hit 2 headshots with a wasteland rifle, He wont die. (As all the good weapons are extinct) Respect headshots guys.!NO ingame MAP !!!!Less servers!Needs variety of items badly (Bags,clothing) There is very less variety!Better than Dayz?Graphically:                 YES.Less Glitches:              YESInteresting gameplay: YESApocalypse factor:      100% YESCrafting:                       NO (you will have to find a recipe first!,bummer)Variety of items:          BADLY NOItems Spawn :             Food(good) Weapons(Shotgun,magnum,9mm pistol and wasteland ONLY) Others weapons are so rare thats its extinct ,cloths and bagpacks (50/50) But lacks variety.Animations :               NO ! (Only thing you can do is SIT.) No surrender ,no flicking off YOU CAN NOT EVEN GO PRONE!!Would i recommend this game?YES(as compaired to dayZ this has developed alot in short time,hoping to get things fixed soon otherwise game might become repetitive.)"
,Recommended,299740,21443077,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,iKoniclez,"I highly reccomend this game. Bought it, loved it instantly! The visuals of the game are amazing. Couple things could use some tweaking but overall greta game. Plus with all the new features they have spoke about thats coming?! Get this game."
,Recommended,299740,21569870,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,H4UNT3D,"solid game, some tweaks still needing to be made, but the game has come a long way, worth a purchase (especially if you can get it on sale)"
,Recommended,299740,24110279,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Byo,"With Patch 36, I finally can recomend this game.One of the best survival games out there, despite the reviews.It's best with friends who you can trust. You can die easily and that makes the game very intense. I'm a gamer for over 20 years now, and rarely played anything this thrillfull, there were many situations playing this game when my hearth started beating like crazy, and when I came out alive of them, it was overwhelming.Keep in mind, this is an early acces game, there will be bugs, crashes, issues you have to sort out. (but for me, worth it!)And another important thing you should know, it's a cryengine game, so to have fun, you need a beefy pc for it. (i'd say the lowest would be an I5 CPU with at least GTX 760, be aware though, patches can change optimisation in any direction).If you can get this with a discount, I think it's definitely worth buying.If you have to pay full price, look for other reviews out there before, so you know you would like this before buying."
,Recommended,299740,24121318,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MrNockz✔,"20 minutes played. I feel I have enough experience to review this.First impressions: Better version of the beloved DayZ. Simply is.>Loaded near trailer park>loots trailer park>finds pretty crappy gear, bat and bag>finds food>makes way to strange steps of hope, sees map>sees airfield and goes there>first enoucter with zombie>chased throughout the airfield scary af.> finally lose it in the water>go back to airfield towers>a guy comes up trying to hit me, i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and jump>i die.8/10 pretty fun i can bet its more fun with friends, would love to start base building."
,Recommended,299740,24126871,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The IG Hero,"I'd like to play this game more but sadly the game doesnt run very well on my i7-2600 660ti-sli'd... I found a gun and was able to kill a mutant which was a ♥♥♥♥♥ and a half (just as bad as fighting zomibes in Dayz) but the whole experince was with my screen flickering bad... The game willn't flicker black in fullscreen but when you have 3 monitors like me, you cant put a game in fullscreen ever!I'll be back when you get more graphic updates rolled out!"
76561198249938322,Recommended,299740,24778965,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bugsblake,"First 2 weeks playing this, although i liked the game, really didnt enjoy every player i ran into claiming to be ""friendly"" only to stab me in the back for my gear or shoot me for my truck! couldnt trust anyone! Then i joined mrs miscreated's whitelisted pve server and day 1 there met some really nice and helpfull people, helped me build and traded me equipment. now after a week on that server its completely changed the game for me! i really enjoy playing now and made some great friends there and go places and do stuff together without having to worry about being ""jacked"" by other players! would recomend this game if you can get on a good server with friends, otherwise watch your back! more fake friendlys then real ones on most servers!"
,Recommended,299740,29787516,Posted: 8 February,all,Bill Bo Be Bagens,"The game is really fun but quiet buggy, dont expect much for base building in its current form (its really just bad), but aslong as the devs keep up the good work it has some amazing potential. P.S. looks amazing."
76561198196575546,Recommended,299740,21366917,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mattwalks,"Great survial game! Intruging gameplay, looting and exploring and very addicting!"
,Recommended,299740,21543978,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,hellcase.com @ Gal Gadot,"Miscreated is a multiplayer online hardcore survival game set in a post-apocalyptic future. You will need to survive against mutants, players, and even mother nature herself. And me, i were play it all around the map together with my friend and everytime i was stick together with my friend to build up our base our clan and our home :D I would suggest to play this game but i may also hope dev fix up all the bug to improve that game fun"
,Recommended,299740,24133871,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TitoTheFrog,"Okay, so my first review of this game was bad. However, after playing some I have realised that the devs and such are making good progress with the small crew that they have and have mad a lot of improvements since then.  I had a lot of fun playing this today and find that even the lack of player base there's still thing to do and fun to be had. Crafting has come a long way and so has the optimization of the game since I last played. All in all it is a good game for it being in alpha and hope to see it released soon and it's final form."
,Recommended,299740,24144508,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gao Shun,"Play from Southeast Asia, ping 300~400. I really loved this game, nice graphics, much things need to discovery. I asked for refund because the ping issue, but I recommended this game."
,Recommended,299740,24931669,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kamil,10/10 survival game
76561198055511360,Recommended,299740,21354865,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,$hatter$trike,"Love the game, its alot of fun. Worth checking it out."
,Recommended,299740,21437355,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SmokeAlotOfPotimus_420™,"A Unique Work in ProgressI recommend this if you know it's a early acess preview because for a Zombie game on CryEngine it's pretty good. It really looks good now and it's only gonna get better, you'll get to be a part of the game and watch it develop and get better, overall it's reallly a one of a kind experience"
76561198032533732,Recommended,299740,21503303,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Action Figure Rat,Comedic fun interactions with other players - Look out for the guy with no pants he's out there!Fun combat - Guns and Survival Knives and Fire Axes and Pipe Bombs and Cars and and!!Stunning visual graphics the lush environments and cascading landscapes. View Distances are incredible! Huge Maps to explore.Great ambient sound effects - the foot steps that approach in the night - the buzzing of flies as you get closer to trash pilesBase building - added to the environments people are building some really cool looking hidden fortress secluded hideouts!It has come along way from its release back in 10/2014 - But I have come back to this game since recent updates and I am loving it! Very awesome community - amazing looking updates planned - Def worth 20$!!!
76561197997745571,Recommended,299740,21555068,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[URU] .OUTBACK.,It delivers what DayZ (SA) and H1Z1 could never provide: a fun experience.
,Recommended,299740,21766245,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Moon The Mischievous,"At time of writing 11th March 2016, the game doesn't have any base storage options, the game without storage is frustrating, no getting around that, but please read on.The devs have said the reason for it is due to the Cryengine and they are having to rewrite a lot of code (which only one of the team can do), and so that will take time. They have said storage is coming.Don't be put off too much though, the game is still excellent without storage, for some of the following reasons:The graphics are superbThe game is logical - you find more food in kitchens for exampleVehicles are fun to drive...a truck going downhill on it's rims (no tyres) makes for a very interesting slippy experience! Slap some tyres on it and you have a fast, manoverable machine!The dark is terrifying whether you are stalking players or being stalked - this can't be overstated enough and is a real treat to be involved with, especially if you are in a group!There are plenty of KoS'ers, but also plenty of friendly players as well.The price is very reasonable for what you get and the 'cost-per-hour' of fun you will get out of it!Miscreated really does have the potential to be something very special, but it's not quite there yet.Definitely worth 15 quid though!"
76561198253207016,Recommended,299740,23543524,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AJAX,enjoyable game
,Recommended,299740,23677197,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,tbxcombo,"Loving this game! Good work devs, keep it up!!"
76561198055112134,Recommended,299740,24154203,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Seinen11,What day z should be by now
,Recommended,299740,24244138,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,zml Rx ❤,"I first looked at this game when it was just released. I saw it had potential, so I waited. I saw it was on sale, so I bought it.Honestly, it was a good choice, even though it was a gamble.Here's what people are interested in:ProsActive devsBeautiful GraphicsRelatively friendly player-baseGameplay is very fun and challenging (Guns, Vehicles and Resources are hard to find)Really good soundtrackDecent view/viewmodel/fov settings (ability to switch from third/first person)Good controls & Player movementBig Map (With more to come)Human Interaction is really good.Frame Rate is good.ConsEarly Acess Alpha (Which means lots of bugs.)Lack of zombies/mutants (Could be the server I play on hehe xd)(Could be just me but...) Sensitivity is sometimes messed up when running/sprintingIf you're a solo player and you run into a group, you're most likely to get muggedI really enjoy the game, but the bugs are what (kind of) ruin the fun. You also die really fast when falling, lol.If you're looking for a DayZ killer, this is it."
,Recommended,299740,24611741,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Camel,Showing extremely impresssive promise over recent updates
,Recommended,299740,23557239,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dank,Honestly there's not a lot to do currently however the devs are always posting new teasers. It has potential to be better than all other survival games
,Recommended,299740,23999806,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,broketon,Good
76561198129265586,Recommended,299740,24775633,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jeepangler,Easily worth 20$. Much better than dayz and h1z1. Not as much KOS either.
76561198138954741,Recommended,299740,24173374,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LegitStouty,Patches are improving the game. Good job devs.
76561198274283534,Recommended,299740,21896628,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Lord Mike,Amazing survival game! Looks great and runs pretty good.
,Recommended,299740,23027906,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RJ Tha Mad Specialist,"dayZ like it should be! the weather system is amazing!big props to the dev team hopefully they keep updating & make this game a gem!edit: after few months wanted to see what have been changedand i must alot! the new game menu is awesome and the game runs smooth on my potato, mutant ai has been improved! but not yet as it should be."
,Recommended,299740,23150937,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Black Gay Feminazi,not much to say. fun and interesting game.
,Recommended,299740,24270921,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lucidious,it's cool
76561198062281754,Recommended,299740,23908761,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BigBoss103,"with patch #36 at our door step im playing it in experimental server :this game is waaaay under ratted it runs like a finished game smooth and looks awesome ( cry engine )base building is beatifulweather effect is unbelievablefinally we got storage containersfrom a guy who played dayz , h1z1 , rust , ark.... miscreated and ark are the top 2 survival games for mefor 10 $ this is more than WORTH BUYING"
,Recommended,299740,22980524,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Deagle,This game is obviously still a work in progress. However it is at a point where gameplay goes pretty smooth. The PvP is surprisingly really good. I would say this game is in much better working order than its competition such as dayz.PRO'S-PvP is great-Lots of loot-Lots to explore-Working vehicles-Great weather storms and tornados XDCON'S-Inventory system a bit buggy-Barely any pve maybe one or two mutants in an entire city-No base storage system to store your collected gear. (Devs working on this now)-Cannot break down clips of bullets or even combind them. So if you have 1 bullet left in a clip its basically trash.
76561198198426958,Recommended,299740,23014474,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,xCARBAJALx,Great game worth the money
,Recommended,299740,22966721,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dung Beetle,its a work in progress but its going in the right direction and they are keeping it up
,Recommended,299740,24835248,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Kravey cs.money,"It's the best survival game , buy it."
,Not Recommended,299740,32821033,Posted: 26 June,all,drb,"This game has a lot of potential, and parts of it are really nice... but at the moment it is a very frustrating experience. Farming/gathering is frustrating to say the least. The menu system for crafting is slow and complicated, and if you've played Rust, you'll be shocked at how much more difficult it is. Building is in theory better, because you can claim land and place things anywhere without snapping to a grid, but in reality it isn't better - its more frustrating.Inventory space for building is just too small, and having more slots solves nothing because of weight. The game almost makes it so you have to have a large zerg group to build.PvP is much better, and exploring and looting is fun. I like the large number of buildings and towns and zombies. Its great! However this gets boring very quickly, so you want to build a base... and thats where it starts to be frustrating.The game is visually stunning, and it has great potential, but there are a number of major flaws that they need to fix first. and don't get me started on the bugs. For a game this old (even if it is still early access) it is horribly buggy. It crashes often. You die often when you shouldn't - and this is frustrating because when you die you lose everything, and you have to start all over again."
,Not Recommended,299740,31089153,Posted: 11 April,all,Tecnola,"All these fake reviews on here are disgusting, This game is not even remotley worth playing in its current state. I searched searver by player count, joined the server with the most listed players starting from top and worked my way down. It wasnt till i got down to one listed as 18/50 that i got one person to say hi, and then for 2 hours after that nothing. I ran everwhere and never found anything more than a chicken to kill. The only gear i found was 4 pairs of gloves an eye patch and a ball cap. Only 4 inventory slots... And you just run... and run....and run.... house after house. Why is this even in early access?  Sad to say this review prolly wont even make it on the page but i hope i can save a few people from wasting their money. DONT BUY"
,Recommended,299740,29638460,Posted: 1 February,all,Mastermind,"Great graphics, great atmosphere, great optimization..."
,Recommended,299740,22544225,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Southodox,"This game is seriously fun ,its very realistic and the game has been improved tons of way,reviews months ago really shouldnt bother this game now!"
76561198140364384,Recommended,299740,22553880,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,babyking,I thought this was a zombie survival game??? It just feels like i am walking down a road in Arkansas is all. lol its a good game though i killed a guy 20 mins into playing it with a 22.
76561198155339127,Recommended,299740,22530321,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,737NGXrogal,very nice game
,Recommended,299740,24751366,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rub_My_Meat,"Looks beautiful and runs really well unlike a lot of other survival games.Combat is good.Map is fun so far.Loot spawning is good, you have to look pretty carefully.Weather effects are great.Lighting is very atmospheric when looting with a torch in the night.Vehicles can be repaired and used. All aboard the bus!Crafting and base building is basic but works well.About 40% of the players you meet are friendly and won't hack you up.Buildings have furniture and actually look like they were once lived in.TORNADOES!10/10Storm chasing in the apocalypse!"
,Recommended,299740,29690616,Posted: 4 February,all,wew,"this game is kinda like dayz, but better.. than those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bohemia interractive. so far this game is really good. for those who likes survival games... then this game is for you."
76561198047382679,Recommended,299740,22559889,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Lost in The Sauce,I'm addicted. Please. Send. Help. I don't sleep anymore...Miscreated>DayzThey are already pumping out updates and it's only getting better.
,Recommended,299740,25707907,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BangableRoz,"Pros:Amazing graphics and really well optimizedExcellent environment and foilage (dense forests and overgrown cities)Community as of this moment is quite friendly, half the time im riding in some randoms car who is helping freshies.Game is fairly hardcore, finding even 3 bullets for a gun has an amazing feel, looting is hard and requires a fair amount of time to thoroughly loot a whole building.Barely any bugs (only encountered 2 so far)Driving is fun and the cars are easy to use and not buggy in any way.The main city in this game is impressive to say the least, with a huge playing area and massive skyscrapers. Almost unseen in EA survival games.Cons:Not enough content as of now, only 4 different sized backpack and 15 guns, but to be fair it is much more than some other early access survival games (H1Z1 which only has a pathetic 4 primary weapons)Combat is a tiny bit sluggish, and some keys cant be pressed while others are being held down (going between third and first person while sprinting)Overall, Miscreated is highly recommended for the price. One of the most polished EA games on steam and much better than almost all the other hardcore survival games on steam."
76561198152693651,Recommended,299740,22934033,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,johnkvasny12,a good game defefalentlya must have
,Recommended,299740,22934247,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,<3Dom,Great game and looks great to worth buying it
76561198131439913,Recommended,299740,24172619,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mojo370,Get this game! i agree at first it was not that great but now!! its amazing!!
,Recommended,299740,21362198,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,sir_toasty1,Miscreated has done so much more (and better) than DayZ or H1Z1 in less time. I am having so much more fun playing this than DayZ and other Survival games. It has regular updates that bring tons of new stuff and the developer are communicating with the community.TL;DR: All together it is the best post-apocaliptic-survival game out there in my opinion.
76561198285433386,Recommended,299740,21417032,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,horsegal,"Game is Intense, Will continue to play."
76561198044690002,Recommended,299740,23980322,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fruktanki,Miscreated > Dayz!
,Recommended,299740,21294259,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Whisky,"This game is very good, for alpha, the only thing which annoys me is when you touch an obtained car. You die, this happened to me twice now."
,Recommended,299740,21325060,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,sʎuʇɥǝʇıɔʍoɹlp,it's addicting and fun it defiently has a dayz feeling too it as well so if you're a fan of dayz or any game like it then this is the game for you
76561198281838361,Recommended,299740,21496476,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Carl_Uk_,"The only game like this i wanted was DAYZ when i started gaming. I bought Dayz and i wasnt that impressed if im honest. I have recently bought this game and i think its absolute great and deserves more limelight,, and for more players to come play it. For an Early access game it really has big potential and i am sure will become more popular in time. If you want a nail biting game with plenty of hiding,scavegging, decent graphics, base building, hunting. Basically Freelance running, then buy this game guys, you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,299740,21563242,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,wardeagz,Better than DayZ
76561198127251050,Recommended,299740,21674430,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BobbyBoy,"Best game ever, amazing graphics & experience I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Recommended,299740,23424310,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,Best Survombie out there 11/10
76561198049468506,Recommended,299740,23951927,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jaxxelot™ 激レア,This game is Good 4 you!
76561198283904501,Recommended,299740,23956563,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AgressiveGrandpa,Great game to get ran over by a truck filled with killers10/10 would get ran over again
,Recommended,299740,23957577,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LcTVirus,"So much Fun, one of the best Games on steam"
76561198006518608,Recommended,299740,24766926,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,GRIM-G4L-DemonEyes(OLDGITSADMIN),"good game,  spent alot of time playing at present would recomend trying it if you like building and survival, much improved since patch 36 and 37 now have storage and wolves etc."
,Recommended,299740,17131005,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,✅ Murray,"Not played much, but i know it runs so much better than Dayz, if you like a challenge then buy this cause you dont find guns very easy."
76561198003465853,Recommended,299740,21310291,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Randy The Robot,"Great survival game, Devs work very hard on new updates that make this game better and better."
,Recommended,299740,21744053,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Shredder Cheeze,This game is good not great not bad just good...... graphics are super
76561198066864307,Recommended,299740,23979829,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AKM,"I like it, we shall see whats its like when its done."
,Recommended,299740,24065700,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Napkin,"feels like skyrim... a better version of skyrim with high graaphic fidelity, my favorite feature is the windows"
76561198116601559,Recommended,299740,25444805,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,silaradams,"If you've played DayZ and/or H1Z1, and not Miscreated, I suggest you buy it now while it's on sale... Right now!  I bought it when it wasn't on sale, but for the sale price it's a no brainer.Miscreated is a survival game where you eat, drink and survive in a post-apocalyptic world where many of the people are now mutants who want nothing but to kill you.  This is not a zombie horror survival game, but it is very similar.  You go around gathering food, drinks, weapons, etc.  You can build bases, team up with others, drive vehicles, and so much more.I have to say that to me, the developers are doing it right.  They've not promised anything that they have not brought into the game, and they have made a beautiful and distrubing world for us to survive in.  I find myself at times just staring at something in awe beacuse of the incredible detail they've put in.  I've owned this game since 2014 and am amazed at how well they have incorporated so many features.I am not a die hard gamer.  I just game at my leasure when I have the time, but I have jumping into this game more and more.There are a few issue here and there that the dev's are addressing, but one thing that would be profound in my book would be to show which server your character is on so you know which server to jump into when coming back after a few days.  You more or less have to either remember the server name, or write it down so you don't forget.  Other than that, I'm impressed with the overall progress this dev team is making with this game.  Eventually, they say the workd will be 64km squared.  Right now, it's amazing how large this world actually is.All I can say is that if you are into survival horror and do not have this game, you really need to go ahead and get it.  Graphically and gameplay wise, this game blows the socks off of H1Z1 and DayZ."
76561198012262278,Recommended,299740,21336747,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Wolf Brothers,"The game is fun and they actavily update it, cars and fast zombies. Good time killer, crafting needs updating but still fun."
76561198048028176,Recommended,299740,24337732,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Oh my nuts,just to make the game get out of mixed reviews xxxxxx
,Recommended,299740,22224407,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Captain Morgan Spiced Cunt,- Joins random server -- Meets some hooligan on the dirt road who offers me a bottle of water and lovely shoes -- Hooligan tells me to follow him further down the road -- Hooligan and his friends ambush me and make me give back the water and lovely shoes -- Hooligan calls me a bald c**t and walks off with his friends -10/10 would get water and shoes stolen from me again
76561198123476399,Recommended,299740,22312837,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lionel,Better than DayZ Standalone 10/10
,Recommended,299740,23591693,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,🔥 Jooty,"My Miscreated review:Miscreated is NOT a dayZ clone. You pigs who keep saying that every zombie apoc. type game is a dayz clone, need to shut the hell up.Miscreated does not have zombies, they have mutants, but there's really no difference but the name.The game is very quiet, you really won't hear anything but nature until you enter a populated place or meet another player/mutant. Gunshots however are very loud, and can be heard from far away.The game is also PvP based, as there's currently no AI that mimic players.My pros:- The game looks amazing, very generic response.- Players actually don't kill on sight  (most of them)- Scavenging is actually a very big part of the game, you don't just find a gun in every house.- Base building is very unique, takes a long time like Rust.- Everything feels like it should be there, things are placed where they should be placed- The goddamn trees don't require a 980ti to render.My cons:- There's currently no party system, only clans (which are useless)- Mutants have the same pattern (follow, hit, run, follow)- There's only one map, community maps are non-existant.- Freeze framing happens quite a bit."
,Recommended,299740,24384183,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Spo0kzilla,The prettiest and best survival game out there at the moment.
76561198091386583,Recommended,299740,19044003,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SgtSCortez,"Not just another ""survival game"" . Miscreated is a breath of fresh air! Brilliantly made , Runs amazing , looks amazing , great community ingame and out and the dev team are nothing short of epic. Its worth the price tag allone just to support a dev team that care about building a great product , They activly interact with the player base on social media , taking advice and listerning to what the players want. Constant solid updates , Real progress and still so much to come. Brilliant game , SO MUCH POTENTIAL! Solid 10/10"
76561198228839204,Recommended,299740,23428391,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mcnulty,i like this game sharp graphics fun easy game play and its quite jumpy
76561198208619109,Recommended,299740,24107532,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,titymcswag,"An amazing game that dosen't need a ""beast"" of a computer,I have a raneon R7 370 and running 60fps all game play.the only time it drops it goes to 30-40fps (only when walking through a large area of bush or looking at the map from sky hight.I highly reconment this game a truly pretty masterpiece :D"
76561198000473092,Recommended,299740,16155876,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Jenocyde,"Picked this game up sometime ago but never really played much given I was so into Dayz.  However, have played it more recently with my other half and am loving it.Graphically gorgeous, runs extremely well for an early access, good frame rates, no lag or glitching.Working vehicles in game which you have to find parts for before running.  Quad bikes, trucks, baggage  carriers, tractors and boats!  Am loving it.We have explored caves, died of radiation poisoning, chased and attacked by mutants and crafted an FahQ bat!  Awesome!Developers are working on base building which is looking great followed by hunting and cooking.  Cannot wait to get my camp built with friends.What are you waiting for?  Join the community and come exploring, surviving and have the odd fight here and there with other players.  You won't regreat picking this game up, it is only going to get better."
,Recommended,299740,21379014,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sync,"Hey, thats pretty good."
76561197987255865,Recommended,299740,23390867,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Powdered Toast Man,"its like DayZ... but, i works"
,Recommended,299740,23278986,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hickle flicked his pickle,Bought GameSearched for gun for an hour and a halfFound knife and lots of ammoZombie attacked meKilled zombieStarted bleedingStarted looking for bandageFound gunDied from bleeding...10/10 would do again.
76561198050494518,Not Recommended,299740,32832064,Posted: 26 June,all,Sorfex Malidore,"Probably the most empty, repetative, unrewarding, and pointless survival game I've ever played.  Nothing is enjoyable about spending hours upon hours running through houses picking up nothing but soda and canned food. You have to find recipes to craft (Which would be ok if you could actually find any) so the ""building your very own base"" is damned near impossible, so nice way to mislead us. I was very much looking forward to playing this game with friends because your trailers looked liked there was alot of things to do, and I was VERY much looking forward to building up a base with some friends and creating our own organization within a server, but after spending two hours doing basically nothing I'm refunding my other 3 copies, glad they were on sale but even then this game isn't worth anything. I'll come back later once some meat is put into this bare bone burger because right now all it is is the buns. Miscreated? More like Misleading. Dissappionted to say the least."
,Recommended,299740,30133512,Posted: 23 February,all,∞Xezian,"This game, while it has it's problems, i would recomend this gameMapping:This game is very good at making the world feel huge, even if it is just an island, that is one thing it is very good at, ive played this game for week and am still disovering parts. While the game isn't the most beautiful (although that may be the fault of my pc having me keep most stuff on medium) but it can be very pretty, when your out just strolling, in a forested field and look up to  see that lens flare from the sun over it, it's just gorgeous. if there's one problem with this game's mapping it seems that each house and building is a model, meaning every time you go into a town and see a building, instead of loading that part of the map your loading a file, and this causes frame drops.(Removed: See edit)Items:The guns in the game are very realistic in my opinion, you shoot someone, they're going to  die, shot in the chest by a riffle, they can survive but they probably won't, shot in the head from anything and they'll die, no bullet sponges (except for the mutants which also usually die from short range shot to the head, just takes atleast 3 riffle shots to the chest to kill them) Most melee items you can kill someone and a mutant in 3 hits with an axe, hatchet, or nailed and barb wire coiled bat. The weight system and inventory is really decent in my opinion, the weight isn't super limiting and will only stop you when you try to carry a car battery, wheel, and jerry can. The inventory gives each item (excluding primary weapons, they must be equiped) their own slot, starting off with 6 slots normally (jeans and t-shirt) and you can slowly go up  with vests, back packs and bags, pants with more space, hoodies, and just so much, nearly each item of clothing allows you more room, at the cost of weight increasing for each.Vehichles:Probably the most glitchy part of the game, vehichles, with the atv and bike being able to fly off into the atmosphere when you stand one them when they'er stuck on something to never be seen again, this is probably a  understatement. the only real glitches i have found is with the vehichles, they get wheels stuck in the ground sometimes, atv and bike being launched 2 miles away to explode on impact with anything, same when trucks and cars when another rams them into something, sometimes they'll be pushed up and it flips them and launches them. these are all rare and you can probably avoid these most of the time. I personally love how with vehichles you hardly ever find them with a large ammount of parts, which makes sense with scavengers and raiders and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you go faster the more wheels you put on then when you are driving on the rim, and the only vehichles this makes a major difference in is atvs, and transports.EDIT: While i believe what most of the stuff i have said remains true, there's one problem. Fps, and optimizationThis game is optimized to♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything is great except this, i can rarely get 30 fps on this game let alone 60, if you have motion sickness, stay away from this game, or find a guide on how to make it run better like i did. I can get a stable 60+ fps on most of my games at high-extra high settings, not this game though. This is the one thing they need to fix before putting it out as a full game and off of early access.Summary:I would give this game an 75/100 (original before edit: 89.5)Over all this game is fun to play. it can be fun to find people and make a group. The inventory and vehichle system is very good in my opinion, and the weapons are realistic in my opinion, the optimization needs major work and the game is clearly not ready to be put out as a full game, but I would still recomend this game."
76561198041317838,Recommended,299740,24127924,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JustAPlasticBag,If you like dayz but actually want 60fps on ultraif you like dayz but hate the glitchesif you like dayz but want a better communityif you are smart and want to save money on overpriced survival gamesbuy this !!runs smoothgreat graphicsfun gameplayactive development
,Recommended,299740,16903605,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bacon Brad,Looks good. Runs good. Really can't understand why it is still mixed for reviews. I would play it over DayZ any day.
76561198180698663,Recommended,299740,21311379,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,megadarkk,Was enjoying this game up until the bases were put in...now it runs poorly for me...needs more meat yet and will likely get it..so I recommend it... But for now I'll continue with dayZ
76561198045474688,Recommended,299740,15886834,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,brokenhalo911,"Please check system requirements for this game before you purchase!I have only played the game a few hours but I will say it truly feels like a survival game.It truly is creepy and immersive.  Great graphics!  This game has crazy potential.The game does need bi-monthly updates, however small they are, it doesn't matter.The game needs more content .... especially crafting for survival and/or base building.No PvE Servers atm and they are needed.I have played H1Z1 A LOT and this game can beat it but it needs more attention from its developers.I'm excited for this game's potential and I will continue to play and help the developers.I'm excited for the future of this game!"
,Recommended,299740,21279549,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Carlness,"got ran over off a russian, respawned and bumped into 6 others whod also been ran over off said russian, now were all together roaming the country destroying russians. would rusky bash again"
,Recommended,299740,21286150,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,sRsLy? ツ,very nice game :)  like dayz with good fps and without all those annoying bugs.  Nice graphic and very detailed map! pvp is a lot of fun :)
,Recommended,299740,16165871,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sNARUD# 简单,"AMAZING! The looks of the game are simply ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to my eyes... ive been played several hours, i had trouble sleeping cause i wanted to play the game... i made a clip of my first impression / footage from the game 04.06.2015http://youtu.be/RGdyaW7TgvQThis clip basicly explains why you should choose this game. over other survival games."
,Recommended,299740,21290811,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,rcnutkyle,very fun game cant wait to see what happens next
76561198088346567,Recommended,299740,28318177,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cryogenic Mouldy Broccoli,"After 10 mins of wrestling with the game, I finally manage to find a server. Its night time.After wrestling with the controls, I pull out a flashlight and stumble around the night. I then accidentally drop my flashlight. This meant all I could do was walk around blindly, bumping into walls and running from what I think was the dead.After a long night of crawling around, cowering under a bed (because of hearing growls and gunshots),  it finally turned day.Slightly more confident because I could see, I strolled along the road and bumped straight into another group of survivors,Who I'm guessing was their leader, approached me with open arms, and kindly gave me some food, before shouting 'Now run you fat ♥♥♥♥♥' as if this was an organised order, the rest of the crew proceeded to punch me and throw smoke grenades at me, all I could hear was their insane laughter as I fled into a housing district.For awhile, I bumped into various other survivors who were either hiding, or had no intention of saying hello with the occasional power walking zombie. After gathering a few more bits of food and water, I felt quite confident.Two minutes later, my corpse lay flat on the ground, with a neat little bullet hole plastered through one eye.10 outta 10, would wrestle again."
,Recommended,299740,18705411,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ｚａｖｉ,"+Immersive atmosphere+Love the graphics+Runs CRYENGINE-Character models and animations looks really bad, like it was not supposed to be in this game-A few performance issues-Needs better zombies/mutants and some diversityDayZ devs disappointed us, don't be them.P L E A S E  B O Y S"
76561198053762967,Not Recommended,299740,35098392,Posted: 20 September,all,Justkidding,"""You will need to survive against mutants, players, and even mother nature herself.""  Unless you're the type of person that sees a zombie as an opportunity to socialize or forgets to look at the oxygen meter while swimming to the bottom of the ocean, the only thing that will ever kill you is the army of rabid teenagers hiding in that bush you forgot to visually molest with your now paranoid eyeballs.The only reason I can't recommend this game is because I've owned it for over a year and it hasn't improved in any significant way. At it's current state it is a shell of potential waiting to be filled with something more than a crosscountry run, with a murder thrown in once in a while."
76561198009679727,Not Recommended,299740,33183739,Posted: 3 July,all,CooLKiD893,"Game is just a run simulator there is noting but run house to house looking for stupid items . You can't find friends,no mapping system,horrible controls,I see this game getting boring extremely fast refunded"
,Recommended,299740,16474846,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Twizelbang,"Welcome to Miscreated.""The hardcore survival game, that will truly test your skills at staying alive"".Trusting others can be deadly in this game. But the pvp is good fun.I have made many new friends playing this game, it's perhaps one of the most rewarding aspects about this game / the community.Join a clan or make a clan, you will soon understand how powerfull playing as a team can be. Also all the extra things you can achieve, get upto.Base building is super fun. Build a massive base or a little cabin in the woods.Attack other bases or defend your own.When you join a clan, everyone can use each others base within the clan.Find guides to build a better base - Some are super rare, happy hunting.Mutants, they can spawn just about anywhere on the map. They can be rather deadly in large groups, you can even call them over, if you have a mic (capslock). I rather enjoy this feature.I use this ability, when players are running after me. Soon they will start to follow them instead of me. Since they attack anything close to them first.Weapons: Guns (Shotgun , Rifles), Crossbow, melee weapons / crafted weapons, & many more.Clothes: A insane amount of different types of clothes to loot. Matching sets ( Camo sets etc)Vehicles: Many different types, use them to get from A-B, or run mutants / players over with them. Store items in them. Some vehicles can carry more players then others, did i mention you can blow vehciles up... heheThe map is a decent size, so many amazing views to look at. From forest, to open fields... Towns & rivers. The Dev team have been working really hard to get this game looking stunning, & fun to play.Updates / patches are rather frequent. I think ""Miscreated"" , is optimized rather well for a ""Early Access / Alpha"". The servers are stable. The only next logical step is this next part:Click add to cart...go go go. Then i can shoot you or we can look at someone else getting attacked or shot. ""Eats popcorn"" while they die, loots body... ""why thank you very much""""Check out some of my pics of the game""."
,Not Recommended,299740,33465449,Posted: 11 July,all,The Stranger,"I refunded this game.The Summary made me think this was a game you could grab with a couple of friends and roam the wilds and explore.The Screenshots made me think the world was alive and loot may be rare, but it was doable to survive.How wrong I was...The game does, first of all, look amazing. I have to admit that it looked even better than on the Storepage Screen's.So, if you are in for the graphics, damn, go get it.But.It's boring. And not hard at all.You come across root rarely and have to travel boring, long distances betweenmaybe-loot-placesto get some basic stuff. In my two hours of playing I got one pair of Cargo pants, some kind of pipe, around 5 motorcycle helmets and some food. Oh and rags that I got from ripping one, yes, one matress open. The others were empty.Yes, you may now say, ""You only played for two hours!"" and you may be correct, but I expected more than just one pair of rags. And one pair of pants, let alone, none of us got any weapon except for my pipe.""Uhm, but there were many people on the server!""Not even. 20. And we saw a total of 6 people. At first it was great to interact with random strangers and see if they are friendly or not, but soooo many games have that, it's not special anymore.Not many people on that server were where we were, yet we got no loot.I found one manual to build some kind of wood base, and that was it.Nothing after that. And the places you find, abandond Gasstations, small empty towns, camping sides...They areallempty.And so when you walk from empty town to empty gasstation, you encounter a deer, maybe, or some squirrels, but that is it. Zombies are very rare, you hear them more than you see them.And once you get attacked by one, it's either run for your life or try and hit them with your pipe and do no damage whatsoever.Pro's:- Amazing graphics with no performance loss- An open world with no invisible walls- Emotes to communicate- The controls are not sloppy and changeable- Multiple Chat options- Nice viewCon's:- Empty world- Barely any zombies- Food & water go down very slowly- Rarely any loot- No way to see your friends, even if you are in a clan with them- Finding your friends will take you longer than anything else once they die- Zombies, if you encounter them, are too strong...-... yet you can easily get them stuck or yourself stuckAnd finally.I do not recommend this game as of now.It is too empty and the world too boring, even if it's filled with 60 players on bad ping server.The good part is: The Community is not toxic. I hope it stays this way.From what I have seen, peopel share in the world and are generally nice.But once someone gets a gun & ammo, it's guns blazing, my friends.5.2/10"
76561198009860430,Recommended,299740,12789249,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Michael schade,miscreated is an early alpha game with so much promise.a beatiful enviroment that actually looks like the world has been overtaken by nature.like i said the game is in EARLY ALPHA and you will run into bugs (zombies walking like robots) and other things alike..a must buy if your a fan of DAYZ this game is everything infestation survival stories tried to be..buy and support this game
,Recommended,299740,12760301,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Polaris,This game LOOKS amazing and I can see a lot of potential in it from the get go. I hope development is a smooth process and we see great strides in the coming year or two. I'd recommend it just to look at some rain and your foot prints on the beach.
,Recommended,299740,18945905,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,EZ,"100x Better than DayZ standalone ever was. Good looking game world, soild base building, vehicles, and decent gunplay. Not to mention it actually runs well.early alpha but...cons: lacks endgame, combat can be very awkward at times, base building is very simple and limited currently."
76561197998023867,Not Recommended,299740,29752560,Posted: 6 February,all,TBarth,MIscreated is a very shallow game having little substance with clunky combat.  If you want to spend hours looking for a viable weapon only to be constantly killed by upgunned PVP players that have all weapon spawns memorized then this one is for you.
76561198202709167,Recommended,299740,19802379,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,lx,"I like the game and totaly recommend it to all people who loves the postapocalyptic survival genre. What I like the most about the game is its love for the mapdesign. The mapdesign and all things with it is just so freaking awesome, I've never seen so much love for details in any of the other survival multiplayer games. It really feels like being in a postapocalyptic world. Houses are old, plants growing over the walls, textures are well done, with grafity of the last ones, rubbish glittering over floors and stuff... I think that is quite important to get the right impressions! The map is alrdy quite big too and they working on it and make it bigger from time to time. But it never feels like you walking from one point to another for ages like I have experienced in other survival games. The looting system is well done as well. You literally find things everywhere. You just have to search in particular to get things together.The second I like very much ist the pvp part. You dont need to wait very long to get into decent pvp. There are 3 bigger towns and an airfield which is famous for its pvp. The weapon system still needs some work but it feels very well done already. The weapons are not that overpowered, especially the snipers, you really have to have a calm hand to hit somebody. Its not like in other games where snipers just laying in a hedges for hours and oneshot all the poor guys who trying to find loot and they actually dont know what just happened. Most of the time its more like, you hear a shot and quite quick you know you are under fire, so you rush into cover, a building or whatsoever... then the fun part begins. The moment you hear steps and you know somebody hostile wants you to be dead. Your heartbeat slowly increases. It can take a while after the actual fight starts because everybody know, If I loose this fight, I gotta start from scratch. Those moments can be so intense... I love it!The third part is the basebuilding... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it makes so much fun. You can build so beautiful shelter, little block houses, bases as little roadblocks or even really big forts where u store all your vehicles and in future the storage crates. You find your guides for the different parts and then you start to build your home, just the way you want it to look like. No predefined blocks. The basebuilding system is made a way that every base has its unique look.Overall I like the fact it is held pretty realistic. In groups you are really have to remember what your mates look like or he ends up friendly fired by yourself. There is no crosshair with any weapon which helps for aiming. To get vehicles going you need to find several parts, like drivebelts, oil, spark plagues ect. Mutants can be really dangerous if you dont care. First you start on the map you are really lost and no magic map is showing you where you actually are. So you gotta find out yourself what is where, where to go and so on...The game itself being in an alpha state is already well done! Sure it has still tons of bugs and things to be made better in future, lot of features and content to implement into the game so its getting interesting for a long term fungame but the devs working on it and they let you know they do quite often.I think the game has a lot of potential and being said I was never a big fan of its genre, for this particular game I want to be a part of its development and would like to see how it turns out in the end. If devs keeping up the good work on it, it will blow a lot of poeples minds!!!"
,Recommended,299740,25096348,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ｍｅｒｃｈａｎｔ,deez nutz
,Recommended,299740,24911773,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lokki,"Revenge Simulator 2016, recommended.After weeks of being downtrodden, my friend and I finally found a vehicle, stocked up properly and performed a raid on an enemy base.We axed his gnome to death, killed his pig, found his hidden inventory chest and left ol' pigsy's entrails in the chest after taking everything nice.10/10 for prized possession slaughter.Edit:What a roller-coaster of a game! Once you get used to the fact that ""random stranger X"" _will_ kill you for no apparent reason you really start having fun.Last night a friend and I found a sweet pickup truck on the way to the airfield. He knew where a battery might be, so back to the airfield it was... right into the middle of enemy action.""Look out, there's a car coming up the hill"" he says.I spin around and try to find it, finally see it heading straight towards me where I'm trapped against a fence... three shots with the AT-15 into the grille of their sedan and the car is on fire. Then it hit me and I faded to black as I witnessed the satisfying destruction of the car and all but one of its passengers.The gear they stole from my bloodied corpse does not come cheaply.Later on in the night I respawned near a sweet tractor, got that bad boy going and then drove it from east to west on the map, slow and loud.What a game."
76561198143008679,Not Recommended,299740,32112322,Posted: 1 June,all,Φak,"**UPDATED**The game had so much potential and while it is visually stunning, it has failed to deliver because a lack of depth.Over 700,000 copies sold and an average of 1,400 players in game on a daily basis. If everyone paid $13 dollars for this game, thats close to $10 million dollars (I am sure this figure is low).Yet regular players settle for terrible patches consisting of different color shoes and wearable accessories; they have added a few guns and cars.Updates are every 5 weeks but its worse than watching paint dry.Players who want to explore, survive, base build, and craft, while enjoying a great looking game will have a hard time. There is very little ""survival"" to this game even though it is advertised as such.No fishing, no farming, very little hunting (you can kill the rare deer and a handful of wolves), no trapping, limited storage, and crude cooking system.Ark and 7 Days To Die players will be dissapointed at Miscreated's sub-par survival crafting.Mutants are scarce and easy to kill. There are no Hordes.There was a temperature guage for your characters stats in game, for 2 years.  It did nothing. They recently removed the guage completely because of my review.  You dont get cold or hot and canned food/water is everywhere.They are making the map larger but there are vast areas in the current map where no one goes to at all, unless they are lost.There are a few points of interest and a handful of caves to go see.  There is no reward for visting any of these. You very rarely battle AI at these places and your reward is a couple mushrooms. No epic loot. Just say that you have been there and move on.Basebuilding takes a century. They are currently working on a fix for the floating bases exploit but once they implement this, there is no progression system in place to prevent 1 guy with very little effort to infiltrate.This is purely a PvP, spawn in, loot a gun, kill or be killed...rinse and repeat."
,Recommended,299740,31491571,Posted: 1 May,all,Jordon,"Its a really amazing game. I would recomend buying the 4 pack and then giving your friends the game and play with them, meeting up with them is a hard challange when starting out. 8.5/10 Though :D"
76561197978258237,Recommended,299740,12972954,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Spec,"Game has really good potential in my opinion. It'd be nice to see nice follow through on this, game play is good for a pre-alpha, and the enviroment is BEAUTIFUL!"
76561198343841515,Not Recommended,299740,34925972,Posted: 13 September,all,Darth Loki,"Dont Buy This Game... Yet. this game looks amazing, feels amazing when you going around looting a abandon house, or if you dare go to the city in the north of the map, probably one of the biggest in any game like this i have ever played, but after a few times playing to start to wonder why bother going back, with base building that tedious and honestly broken ( Floating Bases). and a lack of storage. it really kills it for me, but i figure ill give it a chance, and see how it goes. 2 months later, 3 steam sales and only 2 updates, neither did anything besides add some new weapons and textures, id honestly suggest waiting a while and seeing where the developers go before investing in a game you may never play more than 20 hours"
,Recommended,299740,28175599,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dragmanguy,Doesnt lag like dayzIs not as unplayable as H1Z1Looks better tha both of them combinedDevs update it all the time10/10
,Recommended,299740,24226971,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,deprimerad ubåt,>bought game on sale thinking it looked cool>looted a dead guy with my friends>got pretty geared>decided to explore the wonderful nature in this game>settle by a small lake with trees up a hill>start chopping wood for base>had almost finished it>chopping wood for last two pieces of wall>boom>YOU HAVE DIED>after you die you hear the surroundings>some ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ killed me 300 miles from any city and stole all i had except a ♥♥♥♥ing wheel which he nicely left in my box in my unfinished house>spawn far away but decide to run up there and see if my body hasnt despawned>it despawned>he is still around>follow him yelling for my♥♥♥♥♥♥back>i have a hatchet>he has two guns loaded>he runs away like a ♥♥♥♥♥>follow him into a bush>he dissapears>HE ♥♥♥♥ING COMBAT LOGGED ME WHEN I HAD A HATCHETConclusion of this long♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing story is that the game is beautiful and really nice and exciting to explore but dying with full gear wants me to pick my eyes out with a fork.
,Recommended,299740,24226548,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SS Copter,Nicely done despite being in alpha. Hopefully they'll expand the servers and personally I think crafting needs some love. A lot of the game mechanics involve scavenging and looting and there's not much to do with crafting as of now.
76561198051141572,Recommended,299740,24214731,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bunia,"First Ever reviewI will keep it simpleGameplay=9/10 with friend/s, about 6/10 aloneGraphics= 9/10There is a few bugs here and there, nothing that will stop you enjoying the game.Crashed about 3 times in the space of 20hrs.Game could be improved in a few aspects, seems the developers are working on it.I have only 20ish hrs on this game but I can definetly say its worth the money.15 pounds for this game is a great price imo, buy it,play it, dont like it ? Refund itI highly doubt you will have to refund, its a great game for the price tag and its Early access so we can only expect more and better content.Comparing it to any survival games I would say that Miscreated is top 3 and doesn't rip you off with a crazy price tag.Just buy it ! :)"
76561197968692835,Recommended,299740,24225022,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RaVen,"This game has come a long ways and is now a really solid game, lots of fun and new things coming out a lot now and devs keeping in touch."
,Recommended,299740,24287021,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Alex,"Great game, and even a greater community!"
,Recommended,299740,24793528,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Gankdalf,"Miscreated is a promising survival fps with crafting & base building. At the time of making this review the game is very well optimized with impressive dynamic shadows and a large but somewhat barren landscape. Mutants & other players pose as the main threat although mutants are very rarely spotted, much like the zombies in DayZ. Exploration feels refreshing at first. You can enter every single building in the game world and loot melts in very well with the environment. I found it much easier to find them using my flashlight since all the small items on the floor and on shelves would cast shadows. It’s a small game mechanic that really gives it a lot of atmosphere.It does feel like it becomes somewhat repetitive after a while though. It’s very time consuming to keep scouring every corner of a building in the hopes of finding some elusive ammunition and there doesn’t seem to be a lot of items in the game yet so there’s a lot of the same o’ same o’.The sound is the games large downfall in my opinion. It’s awful.  The sound of gunshots does not have any dynamic. Even if you’re in an open field and fire a revolver there’s no echo. It sounds as if you’re firing it in a soundproof booth and it kind of just cuts off before the sound played through properly. Some effects sound very loud as if the source of the sound is very close to you although it could be a block away. The sound of footsteps sometimes repeat, making it sound as if there’s somebody else in the same building as you. Very annoying.I do however understand that this is an early access title and that these are all issues that will probably be fixed eventually. It’s a good game for what it is & I am sure it will eventually be a very good survival game.Worth the price right now? I would probably wait but keep a close eye on it. Buy it at a discount. If you love survival games but you’re tired of DayZ I’d give this one a go."
76561197986567092,Recommended,299740,29426564,Posted: 22 January,all,Motherbear,I really enjoy this game with my friends some time kill me but start from the beginning makes the game more interesting because it makes you take more care to protect yourself and creates more expectations.
,Recommended,299740,22699686,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,shizam0ngler,"Game is ok. Some players dont follow the ""NO KOS"" rule but whatever tbh. Game is fun, crafting is a bit too overly complicated and there arent enough vehicles in the game for the amount of spark plugs and oil i find lol.i give it7.5/10Game needs a name change too.. Miscreated is a dumb name lol"
76561197970501796,Recommended,299740,23921079,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NaRnErZz,"Pretty cool survival game, definitely worth the money I paid for it, so far, but I for the life of me can't see much in the game. The lighting effects, though beautiful, hurt my eyes and make it extremely dificult for basic navigation.Some gamma settings and disabling the dynamic lighting effects - transition effect - would be good. Granted, these issues are only localized to me, but still would be nice.A side from that, fun game and I will definitely check it out again, later on. Hopefully be able to find a fix to the lighting issues."
,Recommended,299740,24138971,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yasen,GET IT WHILE IT'S STILL HOT!!!
76561198137072203,Recommended,299740,24262911,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,clip0_THE$KIMASK,"Amazing game with cool human interactions. Interesting loot and getting your character geared is a great time. If you ever thought about getting a game like Dayz, Miscreated is the absolute #1 choice. Enjoy the game for what it is!"
76561198107472751,Recommended,299740,24267240,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ScoutLXF,"I was a little skeptical at first being that it looks closely like a dayz copy cat, however personally I think it is way better. That maybe just because I prefer the layout better but so far I love this game! There are bugs of course which make it annoying at times but I know its a work in progress. Devs please continue to make this game.Things I would look forward to:Less crashes. Its a bit annoying when you get a group of guys together and have a ton of loot but the game crashes and you forget what server you were in.Favorite server list: This would be an awesome feature so you can quickly join a server where your most equipped charcters are located.Friends list: I have met a ton of nice guys on here and would love a feature to add certain players (specific to certain servers) that I could see if they're online.Final thoughts: This game is awesome. If you are debating to buy it or not, go ahead and pull the trigger. You won't regret it! If you do, consider reviewing the game so the devs can hear from the users on their experience."
,Recommended,299740,24490471,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Twintwine,Miscreated is turning into the game that dayz always wanted to be.
,Recommended,299740,27398177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,woodyda2nd,Thumbs up to his game!!  Surviving the mutant apocalypse is that much harder when humans are fighting for supplies.  Corruption and double crossing at its finest indeed.  Dont trust anyone lol.Bottom line: if you want a game that will get your heart pumping get this!!   P.S. Its so much better with a buddy
,Recommended,299740,28064583,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Emil Chosé,Nice game :3.. Give it time and it will be awesome game.. Should be good comunity market in this game..I would welcome lie down in this game <3
76561197978832637,Recommended,299740,29733920,Posted: 5 February,all,{Huskie},"Great apocalptic survival game.So many active servers and game options.Cars, Weapons, Base Building and etc. So much stuff to do.Developers are keep adding more contents!I highly recommend!"
76561198254281738,Recommended,299740,22648194,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bergotter,This game is amazing!!!!Its my first time reviewing a game on steam because this game had my attention from the beginning.-Graphics are great.-Weather effects are extremely realistic.-The tense moments when you have to decide to kill or be killed.-The Base building system is good.I'll give this game a 10/10
,Recommended,299740,22681102,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DpBeast2290,yall have the best flashlight in any game!
76561198074925510,Recommended,299740,23898220,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,-DI- Blackbird,"For an alpha game it seems quite basic, however I have only just started playing this a couple days ago and I must say the weather effects in this game are absolutely brilliant. This game gives you the rust / day z feel even though it is in early stages and at times it gives me the jumps when it becomes foggy and you bump into someone in a dark house.The houses in this game are really unique in my opinion as they are all different and offer some diversity but what I'd like to see improved on would be the houses itself. Often in houses you see the odd bordered up window and doors but why not allow the players to fortify some structures and households? Nails, wood, hammer, etc and bam bingo you could close the curtains, border up broken doors / windows and essentially live there as a temp base. So far in the survival games out there I have not seen many that allow a feature like this and it is something I would greatly welcome.Also what I have noticed though while playing is the lack of mutants, I only seem to come accross one or two and as your typical survivor game it is running simulator all over again along with a lot of kill on sight players.With that being said, there are quite a lot of cars you can find so transport is not an issue, but you may be spending an hour to find the parts to get it running. (Or I am a noob and don't know the obvious places.)If I was to rate this game would give it a 6.5 or 7/10 for now as there is a lot of work to do but bearing in mind it is still in alpha."
,Recommended,299740,24278679,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,WantedDuckling,"Fun, when it actually works. I keep crashing in game which results in me having to restart my whole computer, and my friend recently bought the game and apparently cant connect to any servers. I realise it is in alpha but i havnt heard anything from developers about fixing the servers issue. (I looked on forums and this is a frequent bug that has showed up before?) Otherwise its fun and would reccomend once bugs are patched."
,Recommended,299740,29566984,Posted: 29 January,all,cX,Enjoyable experience with a wonderful mix of arcade and realistic gameplay. Consistent development and communication from the devs is always a plus.
76561198274098670,Recommended,299740,22694704,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,NeedSomeToastNow,Great game but I could only play it for a bit:( because my computer was laggy with the graphics
,Recommended,299740,23837725,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lonewolf,So far so good! Its very smooth and only getting bigger and better. Hope more people start playing.
76561198172380081,Recommended,299740,24170971,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Do£p/Gamdom.com,YHHEESESSSSJ
,Recommended,299740,24494251,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,PeachOfTheJungle,">Baited a guy saying I was a noob>Was going to ambush him with my two friends>Actually two guys>Follow them all the way up to pinecrest>Massive shootout>Kill all of them>Games crash>Bodies despawn>10/10 would lose tons of good loot to glitches againBest survival game for pre-alpha.Can't stop playing it. I own rust and have played DayZ, they don't compare."
,Recommended,299740,27357936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JDsNET,"This game made me jump more that i would like to admit, it's extremely good and the weather and environment is amazing the cryengine is the best."
,Recommended,299740,27401859,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jforcedestiny,"Amazing game, great graphics, virtually no hackers, worth the money totally. Just a suggestion devs, Make the main menu and death screen look more appealing. Its utter rubbish and it hurts my eyes to look at."
76561198056443231,Recommended,299740,27572327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,3xA'WomenlyProducts,"Great game, coming along in leaps and bounds and has great potential. Would highly recommend to people who enjoy survival game genre and easy to learn to for newcomers."
,Recommended,299740,27865307,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vent3r,"What Dayz should have been and never will be, Miscreated uses the cryteck engine to support its stunning and detailed map locations and enviroment site spots, it does the game justice and its fun factor is 2x by playing with friends.Good optimization and devs and the community are active, worth your $20."
76561198175893902,Recommended,299740,29622788,Posted: 31 January,all,CCAV.色情频道,这个游戏非常好玩
76561198141940257,Recommended,299740,22643706,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,King Butter,pretty early development kinda bad...tho it has alot of potential and id suggest buying it in the future as im sure it will grow
,Recommended,299740,22682737,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Valo4life,"When i first saw this game i thought it was some game trying to steal your money as a fake survival game that was reccommened because of H1Z1 and DayZ. Let me tell you, this is not that. This game is the best survival game I have played yet. The fighting and gun fights you get in are so much different then dayz and h1z1. Most of the bad reviews are for older versions of the game. Just buy it and stop thinking about it.Make sure to play with friends. If none of your friends will buy it dont worry lots of people want to play together. None of my friends would buy it. There just missing out"
76561198108863784,Recommended,299740,22719825,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Demolisher,Great Survival Game I Find all What i need in it (RUST+H1Z1+DayZ) All Included + More ......... all What left in this game that developers need to keep going in some technical edits and gonna be best survival game .
76561198052619638,Recommended,299740,22872760,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,All_Fun_Things,"So after only 18 hours of play time (since yesterday), I've been loving this game, and if it keeps to evolve and grow, it's going to undoubtably be one of the best survival games out there, yes storage needs to be implemented and more than perhaps a few things need work, but how the game is right now, it can and hopefully will only get better. Keep up the great work devs, can't wait for the new update.A happy survivor :)"
,Recommended,299740,24102531,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nutella,"Hey before I bought I was thinking about the game if it worth it, but something pulled me, eventually I bought the game and I did feel that it was worth after all because of atmosphere, gameplay, despite everything ALPHA, this game unique and very beautiful, when you are playing it more you will fall in love fast with the gameDEV updating every month, investors from the heart, this game has cheap price and the game offers more than what it cost, so those who really want to play and feel into traveling , playing against people to survive and to feel that the world has grown after many years , it is one of the best game to play"
76561198076784621,Recommended,299740,24168845,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,♦ Deckard Kaine ♦,"I bought ""Miscreated"" on a summer sale with not much of expectations, since the genre is crammed to the rim with ambitious titles, each one stemming from DayZ. But boy, oh, boy, how flabbergasted was I when the game launched. The graphics are stunningly beautiful, frames are stable, diversified items to craft and build, the map designer has done his job splendidly, and, as a whole, the atmosphere in the game is pleasant.My only rebuke is the scarcity of mutants, yet I am certain this will eventually be buffed."
76561198015987692,Recommended,299740,24171029,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ray,"I have many survival games like this, but this game, I love itAnd for 10 bucks in sale, that's the best you can get"
76561197971295397,Recommended,299740,24363386,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[HigH] GhostOfDaniel,"This is what DayZ should have been.PROS:-Extremely beautiful graphics and weather system-Realistic day/night cycles-Driveable vehicles you can store stuff in-Huge map, biggest city I've ever seen in this kind of game-Lots of cover, trees, bushes, burnt vehicles, barracades-Incredible easter eggs.  Be prepared to find cool stuff.-Loot hidden everywhere, check every building.-Cool community-Great PvE and PvP-Inventory management feels realistic, you need a backpack to hold more etc-A steal for $20, a bigger steal when its on sale.CONS:-Bugs!  We've fallen through the map, vehicles are sometimes bugged.-Not enough zombies/mutants!  More zombies would be cool, especially at night.-Night time is way too long on some servers.  3+ hours.  Make the default cycle faster-Music at load screen is depressing although cool at first.  Turned it off.-Can't easily join friends on their server, cant see your server history, no way to favorite a server, etc-Too many repeat textures on pictures inside buildings, paintings, postersThat's it.  If you enjoyed DayZ, H1Z1 (bleh), RUST, or 7 Days to Die YOU NEED TO GET THIS NOW!!4/5 Stars"
,Recommended,299740,24545739,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dead Man Walking,a great game... needs a little improvements and it will be great :)hope to see more ^^
76561197966324547,Recommended,299740,24660203,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Smokey50,"Much like H1z1, But more constant updates, Wish the Back pack and Storage system was better, but i do enjoy the game"
,Recommended,299740,28080879,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rafail,"Top game this is i'll tell you.At the time of writing this review I may not have as many hours as you could possibly want me to, but even as a beginner Miscreated has given me some of the best experiences playing games that I could ever get.Once you log onto a server you are spawned into nowhere, only with clothes and nothing else. You will have no idea where you are, and with no map you will have to use the roadsigns to guide your way into towns/cities. But during that journey, you'll have to loot. Going in different houses, picking up gear from locations etc. Takes some time to do on your own (especially if a beginner) so try to pair up with somebody youtrustand go ahead with finding loot. Once you get the hang of that, you'll hopefully have a gun, ammo, food and clothes. Even a ride if you get lucky.While looting you'll come accross zombies and all, and these can be difficult to deal with especially if you don't have any gear on you.Now, once you get your loot the best part of this game comes.PVP.You're going to be doing it whether you like it or not, and while your at it your heart is going to be racing incredibly fast. The thought of losing everything and having to start again will scare you, but you must overcome it.Even after the fights are over, your adrenaline will still be thereand you'll love it.While I'm not going to compare it to other titles (as that's not neccesarily a good thing to do anyway), you'll come to find that the developers actually listen to their players and very often hand out updates and communicate with us. Also, this is a game that can give you one of the best experiences you will ever get from a game."
,Recommended,299740,29475811,Posted: 24 January,all,SpecG,"good survival game good devs. one thing please focus now on basebuilding not wood only built ""add more earn more"". updates are awesome"
76561198101132814,Recommended,299740,29561644,Posted: 29 January,all,SpiLo,"This game is great! there is a little bit of everything in it , horror, survival, shooting , crafting. I'm really enjoing it and graphics are very nice even if still in alpha, there are gliches but nothing that cant be fix. see you in game"
76561198042983810,Recommended,299740,24265941,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,CSUR3,Miscreated steps up where Dean Hall and his crew dropped the ball. This has been in development for a short time relative to DayZ' and the developers HERE seem to be working hard and doing a great job so far. Id reccomend this group experience over DayZ' anyday. The game runs smooth as butter for an Alpha.Visuals: 8/10Audio: 6/10Overall: 7.5/10(*FOR AN ALPHA*)****for an Alpha that is really great.****
,Recommended,299740,24512105,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,fishgeekted,I'm impressed with the game so far. Very engaging PvE and PvP is intense. It's still early so expect that when you go into the game. I really hope the devs can continue to make progress on this. Seems like most of these survival games stay in the early development pit forever...
76561198046384295,Recommended,299740,27607794,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Symbiotic Virus,"Just finished playing a little over 2 hours with my buddy and I have to say this game is very good.If your on the fence about picking this game up, Pull the trigger my friend its worth it.Exploring is fun and its a very big map.Guns work great and the hit detection is perfect from what I can see ...unlike some games I know cough cough (DayZ)Could be more stuff in the game like items, weapons and clothing but you have to remember this is an early access so of course theres more to come and I am very excited for that day!Oh lets not forget the graphics are absolutely gorgeous! <3All in all i give Miscreated a 9 out of 10 and its just a early access lolKeep up the good work Entrada Interactive LLC, You guys have something special here."
76561198096865520,Recommended,299740,24371370,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TriHard,THis gaem BuggedRain looks nice 10/10
,Recommended,299740,24402758,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Vilheim,"So, I noticed this game had a couple of updates since I last saw it. As a result I decided to give it a shot after all this time since launch.ProsAtmosphereEnviromentWeatherGunplayRarity of Guns & AmmoPrice Point ($20)ConsLimited MapLack of ContentVehicle IssuesCrashing somewhat frequentVarious BugsMisleading Steam PageThe game is indeed fun. I have enjoyed my time with it so far and will probably continue playing it, but all in all the game is a two year old Alpha early access title. It's still has numerous bugs and crashing issues. A seriously lack of content for how much development time it has had. Despite that, If you enjoy the survival genre, this game is probably worth picking up and seeing what you can get out of it. For $20, you have a decent chance of getting your money's worth out of it and I am sure they will continue to add content to the game even if it is at a painfully slow pace. On the other hand, if money is tight around your household I would recommend holding off on this title and save your money or invest into into a more complete title, such as DayZ if you're looking for a more hardcore experience or Shattered Skies/H1Z1 for a more shoot em up gameplay style."
,Recommended,299740,24616660,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Babyfacekilluh,"This is how an early access game should be! Updates every month, constant bug fixes and new features added. kudos to you devs for sticking with it and not abandoning your project and fans like most eary access survival game devs do. Im loving this game, having been a dayz fan (too many hours logged lol) and constantly being let down by that team, then switching to h1z1 only to be let down again, I lost all hope until I came across this game! Everything about it is just great and I'm looking forward to see what the future holds miscreated! Keep it up guys!"
,Recommended,299740,27837065,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zeck,The best survival game of its genre. This is pretty much what Dayz would look like if it was finished.
,Recommended,299740,28112033,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[IIIII] [II II] [ II],"Man, I just can't wait til the release version. Going to be a game of the year, I bet."
,Recommended,299740,29660153,Posted: 2 February,all,Kitkat,"Spectacular survival game. Low amount of zeds, but the insanely terrifying PVP makes up for it. Only time I've ever been scared of a flashlight. 15 minutes into my first play, and I was chased down into the woods by a hatchet wielding maniac.Looking forward to a female character model, not because my pink hoodie doesn't look great on my male model, but because I'd like an extra level of immersion."
,Recommended,299740,21928598,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,cyrus,I have about 1.5k hours on dayz and im considering playing this game more.
,Recommended,299740,24005070,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SkunkIE,"This is a great game; beautiful gfx compared to h1z1, fills more like a survival instead of of a death match  wanna be survival game.  If you like dayz and other survival games you should definitely give it a try, just don't expect every item to be right in front of your eyes like h1z1 have to look a bit harder like in piles of trash bags and behind items."
76561198038742356,Recommended,299740,24099041,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Enigma88,"So far so good, I have be following this along-with H1Z1 and DayZ and in terms of progress (so far) these dev's are making it. This game uses the cryengine, which I am a huge fan of, making the weather cycles and scenery look phenomenal to say the least and the situations you come-acrossed with other players are hilarious, even if you end-up dead.Me and a few friends are still having a blast playing this game, having just scratched the surface. That being, having only  scavenged for food and gear/weapons. We havent even started crafting & building anything, to store what we salvage or put-together any vehicles.Will update as the game changes. (hopefully, only for the better)"
,Recommended,299740,24363733,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DIDDY KONG,unturned but better
76561198316352484,Recommended,299740,24405435,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,I_am_Nish,"Man, I Love this game, I recently got a gaming laptop I didn't know what to buy but when I saw this game was on sale for 10.99 I thought ""Meh, might as well try it"" and this game is very fun. But I do reccomend playing it with others, alot of players on here take the whole, apocalyptic free for all thing seroius. Either way its a wonderful game!"
,Recommended,299740,27396111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Outlaw Pope,It's good and only getting better.
,Recommended,299740,27402498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grizz,Great game! Beautiful! Updated often. Forget you ever bought H1Z1 JS
,Recommended,299740,27756180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dotanuki Ronin,"h1z1 and dayz are primitive and bad compared to this one , Miscreated is superior on both gameplay and graphic"
76561198197399185,Recommended,299740,21484684,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,R9sPlus,"the best survival game ever,have fun with friend n can findanother friendly player aroundthe world..."
76561198032892661,Recommended,299740,23829341,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Random_Serbian_Guy,"Great game for early acces, hc surv game, something like day z arma or eaven better, def one of surv game you must have!"
76561198027826873,Recommended,299740,24103929,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Obi-Wan-Shinobi,Had this game 3days after it first came out and it keeps getting better and better. Good job dev's
,Recommended,299740,24509085,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,whigs,Great survival game. i would play this way more then i have if i had time on my hands. This game deserves rewards its so good. I would recommend to anyone who likes survival open world games
,Recommended,299740,22698216,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Noire,This game is awesome. unfortunately every single person playing it is a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ :/
76561198054249318,Recommended,299740,23908953,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GrepFrut (kah),I dont understand where the hate is coming from. I dont see much wrong with the game but oh well :P
,Recommended,299740,24262790,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,thecodea,I bought this game when it was onsale. So far it hasn't dissapointed. It's fun and challenging at the same time. My only wish thus far is more looting options and items.
76561198000963996,Recommended,299740,24264234,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tiny Bathtub Toaster,"It's basically everything you wished DayZ would become, and it's not even done yet.♥♥♥♥♥♥community unless you're on a PVE/RP server, but if you find one you like you'll be happy.Some tiny bugs, but despite this I give it a 8/10. Building/crafting a 10/10.Worth ten bucks."
76561197987359920,Recommended,299740,24408881,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Thinking321,"Game is good, could be great. One of the best things you can do in the game is get a vehicle that is until your game crashes you log back in and it runs you over.-Black screens-Game crashes-Okay at best building/crafting system(takes to long and is unrewarding as far as building goes in my oppinion)-Vehicle inventory stops working and does not allow you to use it.-Impractical vehicles bus gets stuck way to easily and can not climb most of the roads in the game.-The quad will kill you at some point very buggy vehicle can take damage just standing near it.-Feel like most vehicles can use a speed increase.Takes 10x longer to build a base then break into one.Nothing is ever 100% safe when your offline.Adding more content would always be amazing but these bugs are frustrating and almost game breaking I would deal with that asap!-If  increase mapsize increase player count as well if the servers are not full game already feels very empty."
76561198019363862,Recommended,299740,27375085,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fierce Finger,Much better than H1Z1 Very good game
,Recommended,299740,29404323,Posted: 21 January,all,Circe,dayz if dayz was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561197974078251,Recommended,299740,21579609,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,APESHIT,"I am writing a review for this game, because I feel the 'mixed' rating it has does not do it justice.I'll start by saying, a long time ago I played the Day Z mod for Arma II and enjoyed that.    I have never played the stand alone version of Day Z as people warned me off buying that due to nothing being updated in it, and it taking a turn for the worse or being somewhat broken.This game, while still in Alpha as I write this, is giving me those addictive nostalgic feelings from when Day Z was actually good, plus it has more stuff in it (base building/crafting).The developers actually seem to care about this, and release regular updates/fixes.    It looks to be going in a really good direction.TLDR:  If you enjoyed Arma II Day Z mod, you'll love this to bits."
76561198086082505,Recommended,299740,21617989,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Godsmote,"I could be wrong but I think most of the negative reviews are from when the game was first released. I can't comment on these as I only bought the game about 3 weeks ago and have roughly 30 hours in game. I really like this game and have had alot of fun playing it. Having played Dayz Standalone, Rust, H!Z! and just about every other zombie apocolypse / survivial game out there I can honestly say this is my favourite and the one I would recommend to others to get into the genre. This game really stands apart from others, it looks beautiful, has alot of features already in the game and has so much potential. Add to that an active Dev team with regular updates / announcements / telling us what the plan is and you have a very solid early access game. Zombies , PvP, PvE, Basbuilding, Crafting and more to come, I would definately recommend this game."
76561198069386544,Recommended,299740,24266969,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Binky HasHacks,"What a pleasant surprise!  This game is absoulutely beautiful!  The environment, ambient sounds and lighting all meld so well.  It really creates an immersive world to explore.  The CryEngine really sings here.As far as the zombie/survival genre goes, there isnt anything in Miscreated you havent done before.  But for an Early Access Alpha, this game is already light years ahead of DayZ amd H1Z1.Only time will tell whether the devs keep pushing foreward on this one, but i have to reccomend it on hopes that they will finish it.  Its buggy and somewhat unstable in its current state but still fun nonetheless.  I'll be sinking many hours into this one."
,Recommended,299740,27579961,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BrutalNord,"This game is so fun, Even more fun on friendly servers.This is the story of Týr and Salty-I (Týr) spawn, wander around for 5 mins-I find an airfield, there's like 5 guys there-No-one knows each other-I see a bus which is almost repaired but stuck-Salty approaches me and says I should fix it and make it into a PARTY BUS-I fix it and salty gives me some gear (rucksack and a rifle)-We get it unstcuk and call people over, the PARTYBUS is heading to town.-We get like 3-4 guys with us-Someone is blasting gangsta rap on in the back of the PARTYBUS-We pickup one more guy at a small town on the way. now there's like 6 of us-We get to the big city and split up to loot the area-I hear gunshots and go to investigate-I locate Salty still alive and the bodies of the rest of the PARTYBUS group-Salty says that some maniac opened fire and killed them-We search the city for him and gear up at the same time-We meet a guy and a girl (names unknown) and they join us-We set off with the PARTYBUS and head for the caves-We couldn't find the caves but we found a bunker thingy-I walk into the bunker and fall through the floor into the abyss to my death-Now I am sad because I thought I would never see Salty again-Spawn, get gear and head out-I meet a guy named (something really redneck sounding)-He sounds like salty and I ask if he is him-He's not, but he knows that Salty is coming to the town we are in-After a while he flies 50m up into the air and collides with the ground and dies-He finds me again and just after that guess who found us aswell, SALTY-Salty said that the guy and girl we were with propably pushed him into a ravine or something and he had died-We adventure in the town for a while and start interrogating a random passerby for some car parts-Suddently we get shot with a hail of lead and I die.-This was the last time I've seen Salty so far..."
76561198093766808,Recommended,299740,28088496,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Derpsalot,"This game is very underated compared to DayZ or H1Z1, I love this game for the community of mostly friendly people who dont want to hurt anybody. 10/10 a great game for anyone who likes the open world zombie survival genre."
,Recommended,299740,29394309,Posted: 21 January,all,BeanEyes,"First time in a survival game like DayZ.First thing to loot, a wasteland with 23 bullets !?Think im king, found another playerI give my wasteland cause i want to be friend.Not smart even tough it took 6 hits before i bleed to death.First thing to loot, an axe! Cut some wood.Found a Pickaxe, get some rocks, build a fire.Airfield was not a good place for campfire.First thing i loot, water bottleCurious if it can be filled with watergo to sea, both knees under water, refilling bottle!!10/10 i would refill water bottle again!Some bugs and stuff but totally playable. The Devs are working! <3"
76561197963640809,Recommended,299740,21631407,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MIKETHEDESTROYER,"My First ReviewKickass game, will definitely Rival Dayz and surpass is shortly. 10/10 for early access"
,Recommended,299740,24216990,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,woj! 撒但,"Really fun game, make sure you have friends playing with you because it's 100 times more fun! One more thing, I hit a boat until it went to 0 health and exploded, without any fuel, makes no senes other then that I reccomend it 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,24410049,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fristo,"Got to say, at first I didnt like the game too much, but that was because there wasnt a lot of people playing and I had no friends GAME play with. But then I decided to play the game again and try make some friends and now I have to say, THIS IS MY FAVOURITE GAME! I have been in the most insane pvp, blow up car, made a molotov, found a tent, made a base, etc.. THIS GAME IS AWESOME AND I GUARANTEE ITS WORTH YOUR MONEY! After you start knowing your way around the map the game gets even better, easy to find your friends and you will learn where is the best loot! Its similar to dayz, but i got say its better and more survival type game.JOGO EH IRADO DEMAIS, MUITA COISA PRA FAZER, MUITA EMOÇÃO e MUITO PVP. COMPREM ESSE JOGO TA DE GRAÇA quase!!!"
76561198052355148,Recommended,299740,21630883,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,𝓚𝓘͢𝓛̨𝓛̧𝓐͢_̀,Great game.
76561198116182322,Recommended,299740,22740801,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kasvo,its miscreated
76561198093224675,Recommended,299740,23491446,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Grim!,"It's getting there.. slowly, but it is going in the right direction.""friendly"" ... ""friendly"" ... oh I'm dead! hahahaThe weather is superb.Game needs a few more bits n bobs... sometimes the invisible mutants can be annoying!"
76561198154992374,Recommended,299740,24219695,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DeathScreech,"Do not ever let your guard down, shoot first and ask questions later. why? because that is what everyone else does.Do not hesitate, you will be killed on sight.Not everyone is like that sure, but most are.I learned this lesson when i was just sitting at a campsight in this game while carrying 4 pistols, 1 shotgun, 1 crossbow, 2 smoke grenades, 3 sets of chemlights, food and water to last a couple of hours, a hachet and a load of protective gear that i took around 2 to 3 hours to get and was shot while just sitting doing nothing but waiting for the sun to rise again.Apart from players being hostile most of the time the game is actually good and the crafting can maybe be a lil bit tedious if you are on your own but once you start playing it is hard to stop and even if you do stop, you will eventually get back on it."
,Recommended,299740,29773624,Posted: 7 February,all,FA.dEd,"From the get go you are spawned into the world and immediately you feel the immersion, the world is beautiful and alive and the sound effects; from the wind, the rain (especially), to leaves rustling as you move through bushes, to footsteps on the pavement/floorboards etc - It really makes you activly listen to your surroundings so you are aware of potential dangers.It doesnt take very long before you are setup with items, upgrades and weapons and are a force to be reckoned with, you just have to apply yourself in the hunt.The only downsides that I faced were that it's stupidly easy to get raided by anyone, there needs to be early, mid and end game building tiers. Also inventory bugs where some items would disappear overnight or even after a simple relog.The game is definitly worth checking out, it's heaps of fun and has a lot of potential!"
,Recommended,299740,29775635,Posted: 7 February,all,JmanDude99,"Logged onto a server with 35/36 people and began looting houses. After I had acquired a Biker Helmet, a fully-loaded Shotgun and a .22 Rifle I began exploring into the city, I ran into this guy who tagged along with me after our inital awkward confrontation where I shot him. He and I eventually got into a strip mall-looking place and began looting. Two other guys showed up and yelled into their mikes ""HAVE YOU FOUND THE NINJA TURTLES???"" then as normal players do we all had an impromptu dance battle to the ""idubbz I'm gay remix"". After the battle was over everybody disbanded and went our seperate ways. After five minutes I hear the guy who asked me about the ninja turtles yelling ""WHY THE F*CK ARE YOU STABBING ME TO RAP GOD WHAT THE ACTUAL F*CK!!"" My initial companion and I ran to see what was the problem. When we got there the men we had just finished the dance battle with were dead on the ground with a man holding a pickaxe standing over them. Sure enough he was blasting Eminem's Rap God out of his mic and began to chase us. My companion took out a bat and tried to give me time to reload and take a shot, he died before I got a single shot off. I was the last one. I held the sprint button and hoped to find another player to help me since the guy was 5 feet away from me and would strike me before I shot him. Every once in a while I would turn around fast and would shoot him with my shotgun, he didn't die. I shot him with my .22, he didn't die. My sprint gave up and was forced to fight a crazed, bleeding man with only my bare fists, I did not survive. I can still remember as I was falling my assaliant was expressing how much of a ""Rap God"" he was through song before my game cut to black.10/10 Would get chased by a bleeding man with a pickaxe while he is blasting ""Rap God"" out of his mic again."
,Recommended,299740,21587892,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Raptor Badger,"It baffles my mind that people still play DayZ when this game exists. Better engine, better zombie AI, and overall better dev support.Don't let the mixed review confuse you. If you're thinking about picking up this game, do it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,299740,24732870,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,♣ G♥h♥o♥s♥T ♣,^^ Very good game recomanded 100%  ^^
,Recommended,299740,24767355,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Bevroren Water,Good
,Recommended,299740,28317525,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Malichos,"Early Access Alpha Review:I've played many survival games, so for those who are veterans to the genre you will already feel like you know the game. The devs have done a good job paying attention to detail, the world is immersive and most buildings and houses have the ability to scour through them for loot. This game has the feel of a little of H1Z1 and DayZ combined together, just to give you an idea of what to expect.I find the community in this game to be a lot better than the usual KOS type that comes with most survival games. Many people will communicate, even if they plan to kill you. In my opinion having a little RP or dialogue goes a long way with these games and you will find more often than not people are willing to help or at least chat a bit before you get shot in the head.The cost is very good, I got it on sale for $10. For an EA you can't beat that price and you get more content than what is still yet to even come in other titles like DayZ standalone. I usually steer clear of early access titles but I saw how much the devs work on the game and are transparent with updates as well as having very positive reviews from others. I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of survival games at a fair price.It's a mostly PVP focused game but there are some infected mutants to give you PVE. The infected which are like your undead zombies are at random around the map. The AI is a bit wonky with them but it's not terrible and there are even special ones that do more damage or are quite large behemoths that take a lot of ammo to take down. You won't find any huge hoards (yet) but you also have animals like wolves to be a threat to your survival as well.Vehicles are a bit buggy at times, they can get stuck on the random object or bounce around quite a bit, but still aren't terrible.Weapons are pretty easy to acquire but ammo isn't, so conserving your shots for key opportunities are critical.There are cool survival items like the walkie talkie which allows you to communicate with other survivors who also have one handy. There are just a lot of immersion adding elements, even the ambient sound is a scary at times. I would say the gun firing sounds need some improvement but they aren't horrible either.Overall the game is pretty well done for an alpha and I'm excited to see what comes down the pipe during further development. I wouldn't hestitate to buy now, especially if it's on sale.TL;DR - If you like survival horror, you want PVP, immersion, base building, good graphics that don't hog your system and a cool world than look no further. Miscreated has a lot of what other titles like DayZ still haven't even provided years into development."
76561198086865397,Recommended,299740,21540337,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Diolede33,"If you love DAYZ and hate all the lag, definitely get this.(P.S.) nice job devs on the replica of the shipment map from cod4 x1 in that airfield"
76561198028002517,Recommended,299740,24236157,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fried_Lion,"Hello, I am Steven and I have played 33.3 Hrs on record. I must say that in the beginning the game was pretty bad and had a lot to catch up on. Because a lot of other zombie survivals were already alot ahead, this game was essentially thrown under the bus. People tend to not read as well because it says PRE-ALPHA yet they still rate it bad because they expect a full game, when it is clearly stated on Steam AND startup. This game has developed in a short time, but is already ahead most other zombie survivals. It has good mechanics for walking, running, looting, good inventory setup, UI is good, however they could add an auto-run feature because after awhile your pinky finger tends to start to hurt, but other than that basic mechanics are good. The player-base is pretty friendly and not everyone is a KOS, I actually have made a few friends with people who were completely looted to the teeth and did not KOS me on sight. The game is absolutly beautiful for being a newer survival game (Thank you Cry-Engine). I was actually stunned how good the game was when it first came out, and even more things have made it stand out. There are signs posted around the map to really help find your positioning, literally... every town has at least 4 signs describing your location.. or just blatantly stating it. Overall I think it is worth the buy because unlike other survivals this game is heading up-hill at a fast, yet precise rate. The devs always are in contact with the player-base and they always have hotfixes if there are any problems with a new update that was release and had issues. Please, if you are interested at all in buying this game (Which not to mention I have found no hackers / scripters, ect. to be in) at all please take the time to read the NEWEST feedback on the game. Plus your contribution to buying the game will help the Devs create even more fun things to do in future releases. Hope this helps, happy playing! :)"
,Recommended,299740,24309872,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Neville flamin' Bartos,"I started out playing the game on my own, i said hi to the server and two guys asked if i needed help, we met up and we hung together for like an hour or so. they said they had to meet their friend and all of a sudden they smashed my skull in with a pickaxe... the moral of the story is DON'T TRUST NO♥♥♥♥♥♥(unless if they're your actual friends)"
,Recommended,299740,32744010,Posted: 24 June,all,Krush,"Although I enjoy this game and I was very fond of it whilst DayZ was in a♥♥♥♥♥♥state. DayZ has been better than this recently. With Miscreated pushing out multiple patches a year and DayZ pushing out a few major ones, I can see where Miscreated is the winner. Reviews should be about the game itself. Not community, or servers.Pros-Good(ish) graphics (Because it is on Cryengine, other than that. It is a little cartoonish.)-Frequent updates-Active DevsCons-Boring map, instead of adding onto Hayward, they should expand other areas.-FPS issues with more than capable hardware (They did kinda fix this in the most recent patch)-Unresponsive mouse movement-Characters have no life and they look dull-People and Mutants absorb bullets (weapon damage is too weak)-Clipping/Hitbox issues with certain parts of the mapI have been playing this game for a very long time now, since 2015. So far they haven't fixed the major issues and they have worried more about adding things.I wasn't even able to be helped on twitter by the devs, they simply told me they don't know the fix for why I couldn't join any servers 3 patches back from .50.I talked to ""weaklinks"" from the SASUnity servers and he helped me fix it within 20 minutes.Love you guys but, please fix the major bugs and don't worry about adding till the rest is fixed.Things that have changed since I made this review.The AKM no longer holds the floating laser sight and flashlight, it is duct taped onto the barrel.They have added plenty of new weapons including the M249, MP55, and the Kriss Vector.The game has also felt slightly more optimized considering I gained around 20fps in certain areas, but the game also is very unstable when it comes to FPS and it likes to jump around a lot. (Reviews shouldn't be about performance though)"
76561198053361156,Recommended,299740,21553571,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dank_Engine,Good game overall needs some work on the bugs aspect but what else can you expect from an alpha game.
76561198074913684,Recommended,299740,21591421,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,LinkGaming008,great game! you can see that devs are trying best!
,Recommended,299740,21821453,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,eastbro,Very fun game especially with friends. A little low on content. Defenitaly buy on sale!
76561198112364329,Recommended,299740,23604145,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kapp'nSkips,"RIP 32 bit users, I shoulda pirated 64 bit smh"
76561198057896544,Recommended,299740,24242247,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NeoZeo,"Let me start off by saying this game is a typical zombie open world game. Here are the pros and consPros:-Mom saw my screen and ask if i was watching a movie or playing a game.-The enviroment and lightning feels lively.-Saw many players in a short notice (depending)Cons:-Buggy and glitchy-Rode a bike for 1 hour and a half and couldn't find players in downtown at all-My frame skips a lot-Barely good loots-Can get boring-Towns look meh design-Where the mutants at doh? Only saw 7 in the whole hours i play.-Darker than dark (I only play 24/7 daylight servers)*For the cons however is understandable since it is early access*I like the game so far, but i like to get it more updated and fix. I can see myself playing this game a lot."
76561198006365530,Recommended,299740,24715189,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Forge,Fantastic. Even in these early stages Miscreated is almost everything I've wanted in a survival game. They've just locked in a deal to rebuild the AI modules which will allow roaming bands of mutants/bandits. Can't wait.
,Recommended,299740,21477237,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,leweyt,"So there are clearly very mixed reviews for this game, i can definitely understand why to a degree. However i personally think its a good game.Im aware i only have just shy of 6 hours playtime, and i have to admit the houses and places can become a little bit repetitive, i just believe this game has huge potential and is already 100% worth the £14.99 price tag :)If you enjoy these types of games and are not too keen on DayZ or H1Z1 because of the poor communities or bugs that i hear about all the time, this is the game you should purchase :) its visually beautiful and runs without any issues for me! I very much look forward to them adding more and more to the game in the future!"
76561198042437784,Recommended,299740,21540331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Vedi,"Sooo .. If you are a person who gonna enter the game look at the current content and leave ... dont buy it ... give it time ... let it mature ... But if you are person that like to be one that will add their own flavours to this fine batch of wine , Buy it and take a fight in this very well done survival game with beautiful landscape"
76561198178304125,Recommended,299740,21541856,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Chappo,"Seriously this game is fun, the devs have put in like it seems alot of work and have created a beautiful game, which has a great future ahead of it."
76561198047764350,Recommended,299740,21555702,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Onihunter,"Game is already awesome! And also very promising (OC it takes time to get somewhat near perfection).- PvP is awesome: You can form groups and hunt other players to loot for weapons, bullets and resources.- Sensation of fear! You probably won't care too much about dying if you have nothing to lose, but when you do, you surely will think twice (or a dozen times) before turning each corner.- Survival for the smartest! As a post apocalyptic world, battle for resources are unavoidable! And I'd say that having the best gun handed is not always the key to survive (nor to kill)! You have to have a brain (a good one)! You have be aware of the sounds. You have to watch all the area arround. You have to hide in shadows, and wait to strike at the right time! That's the key to survive!Well, I would point a lot of things that I like (and that I liked even more after the twitch stream), but opinions are unique.I'm aware that what please me, do not please others.- Mutants (and other AI) glitching, and with nothing to loot.- Items disapearing.- Not much craft variety (that goes for structures/resources/weapons)- other stuffAnyway. Those above were promised to be fixed sometime in the future... It's a relief for me, and I believe the Dev guys.I know it might take them some time to get all that stuff ready. But they can't get too lazy :vI think they should also work on things to do in long time play (and since the map has large areas full of nothing...)."
76561198267401620,Recommended,299740,21790053,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Nik,it said i needed 6gb of ram which i have 8 and i dont remeber the exact graphics card but i know that i met the requirements to play this but i still get like 10fps on the lowest setting ots a good game with potential and ill rebuy it when i upgrade my computer this seems like a lot of fun to play but its not fun when u can only run 10fps on the lowest settings but otherwise it seems fun
,Recommended,299740,24733091,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,RodrikSnow,this game is  so much better than the boring dayz  but it needs more updates to make it better and better
,Recommended,299740,31329594,Posted: 23 April,all,Fairy,"An amazing game, definitely in my top 5 of all time.I have had this game for a year or more and it's my favourite survival game of all time. I strongly suggest that when you first start out that you play on a no KOS server to get a better idea of the game and so that you're not getting shot at when you have no clue what you're doing! This is just my opinion of how I feel the game is in it's current state:Pros:○ Amazing scenery and very diverse locations, almost every house looks slightly different○ Always getting updated○ Players can get knocked out○ 3 different types of mutants to kill○ Lots of different types of guns○ PvP is fun and can be intense○ You can hear other players footsteps, so you know if someone is close to you○ Diverse crafting○ Guides to find○ Map is a good size○ Bases are harder to break into now that you need multiple weapons per door/wall○ Base building is fun○ Fun with frends○ Fun solo (for a time)○ Bushes are great for hiding inCons:○ It gets boring eventually as there is only so much that you can do○ Floating bases○ Base parts don't snap together, which is very easy to implement○ Base parts don't snap together, and all of the panels will always look wonky/or have gaps○ There could be more base related items to build, like decor items○ People can use cars, wheels, jerry cans etc to climb over your base wall○ Best  to play on an official server○ Unofficial servers sometimes slowly die or go down permanantly and you lose everything○ Most people will say they are friendly then turn around and shoot you○ Food and water decreases very slowly10/10"
76561198403720529,Not Recommended,299740,34467917,Posted: 24 August,all,MrMeadors,Do buy this you'll get bored of it in an hour and it's just awful in general.
76561198102943259,Not Recommended,299740,30417548,Posted: 9 March,all,D.C. Loomi,Kind of boring really. I feel like there's not enough to do.
76561198354139503,Not Recommended,299740,33191549,Posted: 3 July,all,sageofstuff,"While the graphics are fairly good and it may be better than the other hundreds of open world zombie survival games (Not that I've played any of them) it is still incredibly tedious, boring and furstrating.At first I mistook the boredom for the situation being ""tense"" as you did not know what was coming, however that feeling quickly went away as I realised there was no one or nothing nearby so the environment was not tense such as in games like PUBG it was simply boring, there was nothing around. In my nearly 2 hours of play (refunded it) I only encountered 4 zombies, the first of which killed me instantly as I was spawned in the middle of a forest and after 10 minutes of aimless wondering had found nothing and the punches may as well do no damage. The one time I actually got into a fist fight with a player it was an almost laughable experience in which we just kinda tapped at each other and I won, somehow.The main thing I notice about this game is the lack of an sort of objective. This may be common as I am not used to this genre but this was one of the main reasons I got bored quickly, for half an hour I searched an entire city and found nothing except more food and drink and a shotgun with 1 bullet, which proved little use when I was ambushed by 2 people wielding the same gun. I set myself an objective of trying to get materials to build a house of sorts as I knew crafting was a part of this game, while I actually liked the crafting and the menus the houses I first saw quickly put me off, after seeing 3 square wooden shacks with no roof all with exactly the same sign I lost hope and once again ran aimlessly to a building I saw in the distance.Maybe you like boredom with 1 minute of excitement or actual fun every hour, but to most people I would definitely not recommend this game and would tell you to look elsewhere."
76561198198097126,Not Recommended,299740,32833829,Posted: 26 June,all,Broccoli,Worst $10 i've ever spent
,Recommended,299740,29429328,Posted: 22 January,all,Jake,"extremely realistic game in my opinion, had a lot of fun in those 3 hours of gameplay"
76561197964861304,Recommended,299740,29507154,Posted: 26 January,all,[LMAA]basedow,Looking promising. Still alot of work to do though. The game needs better storage facillities and a way to produce food.
,Recommended,299740,29510726,Posted: 26 January,all,Sgt. James Ramirez,"I love the game to death, it's really fun to play, even by yourself. The graphics in this game is amazing, even on the lowest setting! Theres a various ammount of locations around the world to visit and they are place in a reasonable distance between each other. When you go to visit any of these locations, theres a 'story' to it I guess you can say, and there's ALOT of detail in buildings and cities arcoss the map. I also like the fact that the devs usually work on bugs in the game before adding anything, I will say the game is still buggy, but it's in much better shape then when I got it. Heres the thing that doesn't stop me from playing, the community. When your in a server it's not like dayz (for the most part) you dont just walk into the towns and then get shot right after. Most times when I met a person on a server, it would end peacefully, I would have either diecided to join them for a bit, or just traded some supplies then go seperate ways. Yes like all survival games there are KOS'ers but unless you're on a server with 2 clans in the middle of a war, there aren't many times where I can recall getting killed on sight. If theres one thing I would like to see be fix or improve, is the base building. I know they stated this in the 'State of the Game' Announcement, but I would like to see it improve, especially with how many storage crates a land plot can hold."
,Recommended,299740,29150251,Posted: 9 January,all,21 Savage,best zombie game I'v played in a while. get it now
,Recommended,299740,29207935,Posted: 12 January,all,ICE68,"First of all I would like to say I know the game is in early access,my point being that you can't find a axe or something to chop wood because you need to have a base to stash your stuff.Running around from towns to cities the whole time to servive is great but you can only carry so much in a backpack,so you leave items behind because you don't have a base.the idea of farming for car parts to get the thing going is great.the problem being you will find a vehicle of some sort start farming the parts and on your return another player already took the vehicle because he had the parts for it.My suggestion is that you must be able to lock or claim this vehicle for a certain period.So for a lone wolf like myself i find the game  boring but Challenging."
76561198158612270,Recommended,299740,29369783,Posted: 19 January,all,SeparatedGiant,This game is the best zombie survival game out there. It is worth the money you pay for it
,Recommended,299740,29434611,Posted: 22 January,all,Huon23,"I've not played much of miscreated as is evident by my playtime at this point, but I would like to say I've really enjoyed the bits I have gotten around to.  I've played a handful of these kinds of games over the years, and Miscreated definitely wins in terms of how easy it is to pick up and play, how detailed the environments are, and the amount of stuff you can do in the game.I never played much of Arma 3 and I could never get into DayZ because I felt I needed a huge manual just to figure out how to do the most very basic of things.  In that game I was pretty quickly up and running, although I think improvements can still be made here.  Ladders are still kind of difficult to access, and I would like to have an easier way to figure out how much ammo I still have in a weapon.The environment and the atmospheric aspect is very good! I haven't seen an overgrown world look this good since Nether, and going through the towns gives off a very Last of Us sort of vibe.  I would definitely recommend it if you have a very beefy computer and want to see a very lovely apocalypse.The bad parts so far isthe melee and ranged combat systems just dont seem to connect I guess? I've had a few times fighting a zombie with a baseball bat where I'll smack him three times in a row and drop him easy, or I just cant seem to hit.  Also, the AI can be very random in how good it is.  In some cases they're like ferocious bloodhounds who cant be shaken or defeated, and other times its silly how they'll just ignore you while you beat them down.  All in all, a very fun game though and one I recommend for fans of the genre!"
76561198293271885,Recommended,299740,26845190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheKN|GHT.',"This game is seriously underratedThe first couple of hours might be hard (which happens every time you try a new game) but the more you play it the more interesting it gets.I would suggest finding a friend to play with because it gets difficult and frustrating from time to time playing a lone wolf.In the time I played this game I have never experienced any hackers or bugs and glitches of some sort.The entire atmosphere of the game is amazing but it still might not be appealing for everyone because its a somewhat hardcore-ish game (I'm talking about limited storage and the simplicity of base raiding).The only con i can give to this game is the current base system (not the base building itself).It's very difficult to secure your base without building a floating one,that's why most players do so and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it.For me it does ruin the game a bit,but that didn't stop me from playing.There is always something interesting happening (mostly because of the non toxic community) and there are always friendly players who are willing to help.The game is developing in the right direction.Since I bought it there had been a lot of patches which actually fixes things,now that is a very rare sight to see in survival games nowadays.12/10"
,Recommended,299740,22589074,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Crazman,if you want a new game like this one that updates almost every month plua it is cheaper than dayz standalone i love this game to
,Recommended,299740,29474667,Posted: 24 January,all,CrossFire,THE best looking apocalyptic games out there. creates a super spooky realistic enviroment that dayz(both the mod and SA) fail to do. loot is where you would expect it to be ( again unlike dayz mod and SA where you find anti-tank rifles in a house.9/10 get it.
,Recommended,299740,32530344,Posted: 18 June,all,General.Tso,It's kinda like DayZ except it's actually fun and the developers update it on a much more regular basis.
,Recommended,299740,21510715,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,{Infected} Brian,I love playing this game. The graphics are beautiful and the level design is perfect. They are constantly adding content and making improvements to the game. If you were dissapointed by H1Z1 or Dayz this is one that won't let you down.
76561198165324870,Recommended,299740,21517454,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Flogger,"The most easily noticed difference between this survival game and the others is the gorgeous world you can explore. Everything from the run down and overgrown homes, supermarkets, gas stations, and churches all have a post-apocalyptic feel and look stunning. My modest PC runs it at max settings without issue (i7-3770 and a Strix GTX 960).The second thing I noticed (but arguably the most important IMHO) is how much noticeably friendlier everyone is compared to DayZ. Of course there is still the occasional♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag that kills you on sight but 9 times out of 10 the people you encounter won't bother you, and may even help you if you ask nicely.Overall it certainly has my recommendation after a handful of hours in the game. It has bugs and sometimes it crashes but at its core I think it is already more refined than DayZ and offers a more fun (albiet currently more limited) experience for someone looking for a good survival game."
,Recommended,299740,25978656,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Jono,"One of the best survival games at the moment. Awesome looking game, a few issues but still more enjoyable than h1z1 and dayz.Just keeps getting better."
76561198192853353,Recommended,299740,24420264,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Matthew,just go buy it enough saifd its better than dayz runs better looks better everything better
76561198105811901,Recommended,299740,21409571,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lil Tav,It is a very fun and beuitiful game the end.
76561198039425818,Recommended,299740,21635430,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Shark,Amazing
76561198128097608,Recommended,299740,22579812,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,GokuCanFly,better than dayz still borring and feels like half♥♥♥♥♥game but not horrible
76561198116648559,Recommended,299740,22778388,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Flame,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. just try it. :)
76561198252748280,Recommended,299740,22801138,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Zorelic,"This is my second account, over 1000hrs on main account. Well worth getting."
76561198041296724,Recommended,299740,24284692,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kriss-Chang,"This game is so good! In the last four days ive played 23 hours!(school holidays) I cannot recomend this game enough, way better than rust, way better than dayz, way better than H1Z1. This is a real gem in the making"
,Recommended,299740,28461223,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheVexxGaming,So here is my story....- Spawed- Had no idea what i was doing- Did a few spinning karate kicks- found some s**t got loot- Ran- ...Ran some more- AND THEN....- I was sucked into the fu***ng earth by satan himself and splatted into the floor (Which was under the map) And died....- Respawned- Found a city..Got no loot- Saw a guy and asked if he was friendly- he tried hitting me with an axe because no one on the game has fu***ng mics- I karate kicked the c**t in the face......He didn't die- He swung his axe with all his power and sliced my fu***ng face off......- I died....- 9/10.....Hell wasn't that good!
,Recommended,299740,29705788,Posted: 4 February,all,SubTurtle,"really great survival game, frequent updates, amazing community."
,Recommended,299740,24272392,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Boruto,Nc game still on beta though so im expecting more
,Recommended,299740,24354928,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Timotheus_,"I love this game.It gives you the freedom to do what you want when you want.The graphics are beautiful and the world has a real atmosphere about it. Morning feels like morning, night feels like night and it is a real adrenaline rush to survive an attack from another player, especially when that player catches you by surprise and starts shooting you in the back without even a warning.Keep in mind that it is early access but even so, the game shows great promise and, I'll keep playing because there is always more to do:Improve your baseFind wheels for your quadbikeGet a bigger backpackGet more bulletsShoot some dear to make steakGet a tool to mine rock to build a fire to make that steakExploreStay alive..."
76561198305576250,Recommended,299740,24358934,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,onefingerdeep,amazing game i would recommend anyone to try this game
76561198077207405,Recommended,299740,29326199,Posted: 17 January,all,Abyss,"It's a brilliant game for early access, proabably better than DayZ. Overall it is good and you should check it out."
76561198138857471,Recommended,299740,23899553,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[Dread]Azri,This game is an amazing game this game used to get bad reviews but after a few updates this game is amazing id say that it could be better than dayz i would compaire this game to dayz h1z1 and rust the building in the game is a cross between rust and h1z1 and then the pvp is amamzing i had a blast the first hour of me playing it i got a ton of kills and got kill soem what. The only down side that i could find or think of to this game is the population theres like only 2 to 3 populated server but the upside its not glitchy like alot of other alpha games i have encountered 1 glitch so far
,Recommended,299740,26303091,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ramen™,Good game
,Recommended,299740,28059268,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,S.a.W. JackalTaco,"I recomend this game and here's why:I bought this game in the sale for £7.50 roughly and even at the full price it would have been worth it. I can imagine this game may be quite boring eventually on your own but with friends this game is a blast! I haven't had this much fun on a game in ages! Sure the game is Eary access... and what? I bought this game because I remember it used to have bad reviews but now it's mostly positive which gave me hope, and this means the Dev is trying to actually improve the game instead of abandoning it.The only problems with this game are that you cant loot a container while another player (even your friends) are next to you. Also that you can only get one container per base, but don't let that put you off this brilliant game, there are ways around this. For instance; Getting a tent for storage, using cars for storage etc...I love this game and I know the devs are going to improve it as much as possible. I give this a thumbs up because it's the best zombie survival out there just now! :) go grab it!Edit: They fixed it so that you can now loot containers regardless of someone being near you. Best zombie game on steam without a doubt!"
,Recommended,299740,26131776,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Adaria,"It's beautiful. It's fun. There are new stuff coming out all the time. I love it. What can I say?You join the game as a fresh spawn, no idea where you are or where to go. And every time I'm a fresh spawn again it makes me smile. Because you never know what you will find, or who you will meet.For me, the players make this game.10/10 would play again. and again. and again. <3 <3"
,Recommended,299740,25680606,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Big_Shitty,"I found a really cool red bicylce and was riding it through town, showing off just how cool it was! As I was riding through the town, I noticed two gentlemen brandishing rifles exiting a church. Being the nice guy I am I offered the bicycle to them as a reward for not ending my short, but exciting life. As I hopped off my brand new bike one of the fine men said that he would indeed like to have my sweet new bike. Once I hopped off though, him and his friend proceeded to open fire on me and killed me. So, ♥♥♥♥ this game, you know? What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ community! Gave him my ♥♥♥♥ing bike! Smh"
,Recommended,299740,21473438,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bartfresse,"For someone who has seen all sorts of Zombie Survival Games, this game is, by far, the best attempt at doing it right and a refreshing restart.+ Super Fluid and Optimized Game Engine+ Beautiful Vegetation/Environment+ Exceptionally well done modeling & texturing+ Very good loot system (you actually have to use a flashlight to find everything!)+ Rewarding exploring- Minor bugs- Inventory System- AI- Server ListAlthough this game is still Early Access Alpha, it already is a lot of fun to play and I really look forward to the day, this game will become final.I also made a little montage of it with my friend, you can check it out here, we are definitely going to make more :D :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffIg38jNamQ"
76561198122426262,Recommended,299740,25718608,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JimmyPop23,This game has a lot of potential. I like it so far. Although it's already full of murderers. I played along happily without anyone messing with me for a couple days then bam! killed and lost all my stuff! But I still like it and it is fun. I guess I just gotta get a bit more stabby.
,Recommended,299740,22608307,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Chris,Looted about 14 houses hoping to get a gun.Finally found a gun in a container.Had no ammo.Took me about half a hour to find ammo.Loaded the ammo in the gun.Heard car engine sound.Sound kept getting closer.Saw the car.2 options : shoot the 8 rounds at the driver / drop the gun and raise both hands up hoping he would stop and we could venture together.Picked the second variant.Got ran over.I am still preparing myself to open the game once more.11/10 SHOOT THE DRIVERS !
76561198092189366,Recommended,299740,23868406,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Nowhere Man,"I love this game so much.This is one of the only games I know of that have actually gotten better through the updates.(Like content/ addons)the only thing i dont like is when i get betrayed which happens way too much but this game is still awesome.(HERES A STORY KEEP READING)So I had a ton of stuff (duffle bag, shotgun, tons of food and ammo)and i came across these two people in the street and told them to put their hands up, one ran into a house and the other stayed and did what i said. I checked the guy that stayed and we ended up talking then teaming up. we went and got the other guy and just kinda talked for a bit.Eventually some guy started shooting at us from the bushes and we ran and hid in a house.We waited for a little bit and went back out.Nobody was there so we just walked down the road.We came across these 2 other guys that we teamed up with and one of the 2 guys i was already with had somebody coming to them with a car.The guy with the car came and we met up with one of my other friends that had died a little earlier.Every single one of us was from a different place. I'm in america, one guy was in Canada, there were 2 sweedish people, and one guy from china.(I have screenshots of us on my account)We ended up just going off and doing whatever for a little while, we all got stocked up on gear.--- About 30 mins later there were these two people, one was called 'The Mayor"" and the other one was 'The Sheriff'--They said they were hunting bandits and people that didnt follow the government and well, they thought we were a group of bandits so they came after us. (In the area chat)We went into a church nearby and waited for a little bit while we talked about what we were gonna do about it, We decided to run.The group went up a nearby mountain/ hill and we saw a group of people following us, 2 of the people in the group went a different direction and the rest of us kept going. We eventually found this bunker where we set up jerry cans so if they came in we could shoot the cans and blow them up.It was really cool because we got so organized in this triangle shape where we could just spray at the entrance when they came in.We waited for about 5 mins. I heard a truck and started yelling at them to stop talking.Everyone actually stayed quiet, and if we didnt the truck wouldent have passed us..-------------obviously we waited for the truck to be long gone before we left.A little while later we left the bunker to go to the new city.We met up with the rest of our group and they had brought back another guy.There were 6 of us.After a little while of wandering the city we heard people in a hotel yelling at us to stay back and that they'd shoot if we came near, so... We went closer.They were saying who had what and they were extremley spot on, but we couldent see them.(By the way, the mayor had been long gone and forgotten about by this time)Every once and a while I'd see people walking passed windows and doors in the hotel.We split into groups of 2 and cleared the entire hotel but for some reason no one was there. (Spooky)A little bit later after forgetting about that we went to the police station.We ended up getting pinned down by a guy with a sniper on top of the support thingys across the street. One of our guys crashed and the rest had been killed. \He just wouldent run out of ammo for some reason.I ran out of food and I said bye to my friend that was dying next to me and i charged the person on the supports.The second i poked my head out of the ramp to shoot him he killed me in one shot.-----------------------------------------------------------I was sad that I died but it was a lot of fun while it lasted and thats what mattered to me.If you do get this game, please dont betray people. It's really angering and there's no point.Its a cheap kill.It's a whole lot easier to just ask for food/ammo or whatever you needed, most likely they'll share.Im not a dev i just really like this game and you should get it."
76561198257289496,Recommended,299740,25990820,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,✸ watch0ut ✸,Some disconnection problems and need some improvements but very good for alpha
76561198136715832,Recommended,299740,16057609,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zephyr-302,I bought this game looks very cool and for the short time I played it was good. The one problem is my internet is too slow to play multiplayer around 1000ms ping. This game does not have single player I was hoping it would. Anyways the game seems cool but I have too slow internet to play it. One other thing is that it takes about 20 minutes for the game to load after clicking one of the multiplayer servers I don't know if that's an internet problem or what because it does that on my schools fast internet.
,Recommended,299740,24146042,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Barney B Wilde,"Miscreated is the only game I purchased during this years summer sale, I believe it was worth the $10.I like where this game is going from a survival and crafting aspect.  However, it is apparent they mimicked a lot of features you will find in Day Z in their own unique way.I am anxious to see where this game goes but with the recent 0.60 patch with Day Z I find myself still going back to Chernarus.If you are a beginner wanting to give the surival genre a try this game would be a good start for you.UPDATE 01/06/2016:  I have been playing a lot this past week and after exploring more of the map and fixing up a car it has been pretty cool.  I am actually playing this more than Day Z just because its more unique and less buggy.  I know there are some negative comments about base building being glitched but come one guys, the developers already said base building needs attention, no need to blow your load all of the internet.  ITS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME!"
,Recommended,299740,24243297,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Alex Herrow,"Literally played 1hr of this game, already met 4 different guys, 1 axe wielding maniac, 2 angry spanish clan members and 1 clueless noob10/10"
76561198010734261,Recommended,299740,24324091,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,~~~Stone~~~,"I approve of the dev's keep developing! hunting is a smart addition, However i havent seen a deer yet i have been chased by wolfs me and my uncle while looking for a base spot so i let them eat my uncle while i got away 10/10 :D, I have had this game for a long time progress is not fast however it is always accurate when it comes to client needs and wants, I see lots of games in alpha tossing random crap in trying to hype up a community they let die, Miscreated has done well in satisfying the community!  Other survival games are equivillant to a single celled organism in comparison to Miscreated. Only recomendation is spawn more anti rad pills i have been seeing blue for days lol ;)"
76561198122276107,Recommended,299740,24728425,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MarcOwaR,"Bought this game because I like Day Z, as at this moment this game more enjoyable, graphics are smoother and by god the lighting effects are nailed! sadly like Day Z, zombie/mutants are rare - all they need to do is populate the cities with hoards and bam this game is perfect!"
76561198061751595,Recommended,299740,21306471,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,KrAcKeRsTaXx ™,BR! Sweet!luv this game.
,Recommended,299740,21401490,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Humphry,Honestly this game is truly a hidden gem. There really should be a free weekend or something for this game guys. Its the game i wanted when i first bought dayz so long ago.
,Recommended,299740,21450209,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Basil,"Pros-Beautiful, exhilarating, optimized, entertaining, great building system, great loot, logical locations, well structure map, RELATIVELY friendly community (not as much kill on sight bull as DayZ), smooth pvp (not clunky), good voice communication, three chats (area, local, whisper),I' havn't dropped below 60 fps unless loading which is great for a game that requires on the spot decision making (especially when in a firefight)I have not played in a group or clan yet, I assume it's fun and hope to find some groups to hang with. But as of right now I cannot really comment on team play for this game.The Devs are really interactive and value community opinion very highly, this is honestly amazing. They update frequently which doesn't make me question where my money is going, or if this game will finish, because I'm certain it willCons-Buggy AI (although I've heard this will be fixed)Very simplistic inventory overlayNot a whole lot of content YET.Overall if you would like to play a great game, and watch it grow both in content and community, buy this game, and if you enjoy it recommend it to a friend!"
,Recommended,299740,21552942,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Hound,"Okay, you want a review rom someones whos played so amny games in this genre? Here it is.Pros:Great potentialGreat GraphicsFor once a game like this runs wellSmooth, does not feel clunkyConstant updatesCons:Not much to do right nowBase building is useless, serves no purposeThe combat sucks, you never know if you hit someone or notPlease fix the combat.Look forward to what the devs bring in this game. Its better than any garbage Arma Mods, h1z1 or DayZ"
,Recommended,299740,21556791,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jake,only had a quick Ten minute blast before sleep. good graffics i like the different controls like dodge left and right never seen that in a pc game before. brought on a whim due to teamspeak ease dropping. got to say havent really started okaying yet but its already looking promising for an early access
76561198083481840,Recommended,299740,24149938,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pauly Rizzo,"My friends and I are really enjoying this game. Aiden is like my brother in here, We have eachothers backs"
76561198327231591,Recommended,299740,25447540,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nevaton,"After 700 hours in this game,i believe i have to ,and i can to review this game.For sure there are many haters that will say all the time bad things about this game either because they are sick of dying :D(noobs) or cause they dont like they way this game is at this stage.Devs are working hard with this project and every majure bug appears that makes the game unplayable,they fixed in matter of days.Its an syrvival game right now,cause there not a lot of feautures that would make it an ""survival"".Its actually a big PVP-ARENA  and  i LIKE IT.the pvp is the best part of every game and miscreated has 1 of the best pvp.Check out Dakotaz on youtube and u will understand why i like it.(No im not advertising).U dont have to think.THIS WILL BE the best 20$ you have spend on a video game so far.The fact this its Early Access is not a negative thing,its actualy a positive.its like playing league of legents ,where every month there are new things(new adjustments) that make u play other champions that are better that patch (just to have an advantage over others) :P.Here ,having an update every month ,makes u feel that the game is Real-Active.AND YES THERE are some negative aspects.tons of MINOR bugs and Toxic players-community(BUT THATS what happens to every game after it becomes popular).Anyway.JUST BUY THIS GAME and what u should do at first is(if ur computer allows u)Put everything on ULTRA ,even if u have 25 fps, and enjoy the graphics.after u play at least 20 hours.go and put everything on low to have 60 fps at least.then enjoy the pvp and wait for an uprade on survival aspect of this game.  HAVE FUN"
,Recommended,299740,26522408,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Krause,"Pros:Looks stunning, not so many people actually KOS anymore since its been on sale, and honestly feels more complete than DayZ standalone definatly a better purchase than that. Movement is flawless and the UI is quite nice. Great to play with friends and loot is everywhere and is much more fun in my opinion with flashlights being a must! The map is beautifly created and looks really well at this early stage!Cons:Needs more stability for lower end rigs, More options needed to change the in game settings i dont want to have to code up my own setting to be able to get more than 10 fps!! Also need to fix the server list seems very choppy at times and cannot switch to favourites or other such tabs before it loads the 1st main tab when you click to view server listings. Just make more settings, not being able to turn off shadows ect needs to be added in and where more graphic options means more playability so more people get to join the game and play which is more money for the creators to improve the game!Also i nominated this game for the ""woah dude"" Award! because its the wow factor."
76561198220632501,Recommended,299740,27442562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ItsCeacar,"One of the best games I've ever played. Spent like 400+ hours so far and I can say that the thrill this game gives me when I play it can't compare to any other game. Dev team is fantastic, community is great. Game is growin day by day."
76561198013314179,Recommended,299740,21346528,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Action Hank,"It's obviously Early Alpha, tons of things aren't working/implemented, it's poorly optimized, the enemy AI is pathetic currently (they stop chasing when they lose direct LoS), and the world isn't massive... but for some reason I'm having a blast. The game has plenty of potential, and it's just kinda fun to get a few friends together and run around collecting stuff and getting shot at. I can't explain why it's fun, it just is."
,Recommended,299740,21375971,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Cody,"Great early access game, ignore the negative reviews the world and attention to detail is stunning and very immersive with the sounds, pvp is fun and the mutants aren't buggy."
76561198081506956,Recommended,299740,21380575,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,jdsble,"Spawn in deserted townno one nearby but a few mutantsloot for 10 minsfind backpack, shotgun, hunting knifefind military truckno partsspend 45 mins gathering 6 wheels, fuel, oil, drive belt, and sparkplugskill 6 mutants and 1 human to protect my truck as i look for what it needsfinally find last wheelinsert wheeldrive literally 20 ftgame crasheslose my truck10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,299740,21381280,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JManFlex,"I debated a lot whether I should buy this since EA survival games don't really have the best track record, but I must say I don't regret buying this one bit.The Good:It looks and runs amazing well (granted i'm on a 980ti), I haven't even dropped below 60 fps once with maxed settings.Animations especially for the player are actually really well done for the most part. Of course certtain areas of the game such as the mutants need a lot of work, but they're (the devs) well aware of that.There is a lot of interesting loot already in the game and I like how you really have to search hard to find it. Still haven't found any vehicles though.The controls are very responsive (it's not clunky like some other games *cough* *cough*) and easy to pick up. After a solid hour I pretty much had all the controls down.One thing the developers definitely got right was the mood. This game FEELS like an apocalypse happened. There is nothing scarier than being upstairs in an overgrown house that's been turned upside down, at night, in the dark, with your little flickering flashlight, then hearing footsteps of another play slowing walking up. What I'm trying to say is the atmosphere is a 9/10 for me. It's almost perfect.The Bad:Unfortunetly this game just needs time. It's missing a lot of features, it can definitely feel empty at times, there isn't much else to do except collect loot and kill players. It's just one of those games where we are going to have to hope it all comes together in a reasonable amount of time. That being said I do really like where the devs are taking the game. If you listen to their latest Twitch Live Stream they pretty much address all of the major issues with the game and what they're doing to fix it. If it all goes to plan it sounds pretty damn awesome.Conclusion:The fact that the devs are focusing on making survival #1 priority gives me a lot of hope for this game. That plus the cryengine + the seperate AI company + all the new systems being added... well it's looking real good folks.Fingers crossed."
,Recommended,299740,21385003,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Levi M,Unfinished yet very playable
,Recommended,299740,21387067,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Anthony,Way better than Day Z Standalone will ever be.
76561198086162595,Recommended,299740,23521242,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,DEATHGODZZ,nice game.... great game....  but this is just my opinion if its oky make some NPC  and  a quest so that the will not be boring hehehe   survival and a mmorpg hahahahaha
76561198093900426,Recommended,299740,21799952,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kevin,Miscreated is worth the money to spend on. Great survival game. The game is like a real zombie world and really fun!
76561198042612476,Recommended,299740,23922912,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DoctorShepard,"Great survival game, definitely one of the top in the genre. Good passion from developers. Good graphics and performance. Good pvp experiences and gunplay. Increasingly more to do in the world. Already a fantastic game with more still to come."
,Recommended,299740,24036285,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,4cqker,10/10 got shot because they liked my shirt
,Recommended,299740,24038019,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Greeno,great game
,Recommended,299740,24112518,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,handle,"a beautiful early access multiplayer survival gamethe vehicle system is unique and pretty realistic for a survival game ! you have to find parts to replace or install in a vehicle before it is usable but vehicles are an inexpensive tool for base building due to their mobility and expanded inventory, or just plain survival. plus, they're extremely cool to use.although this game isn't perfect right at this moment, there is definitely a lot of lovely work that has been put into it as well as some more polish that is in the worksthe thing that it needs the most right now is support and advertisingso by all means try it out ! if you have a couple friends with some cash to spare, you'll love this game's atmosphere and gameplay."
76561198235887230,Recommended,299740,25068992,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LadyLuané,"This game is what would happen if Rust and 7 Days to die decided to have a baby.An extremely beautiful game, dayuuuum those graphics be fine as hell. I stared at a leaf the other day for like 5 mins coz it looked so damn real.Anyway this game is awesome. It would be nice to have South African servers but im sure that will happen one day.Buy it. Right now. Ur welcome.Okay here is a video to show you how awesome this game is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32CVwkxAXWk"
,Recommended,299740,25391062,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Auzzy,"So I get the game expecting something like DayZ, I was mistaken, I've gotten something much better.I spawn into my first server and hear the distinct sound of a squeaker in the distance. I track the noise to an old white house in Pinecrest. When I spot the wild squeaker it appears that he is testing out controls or doing some type of mating dance tbh idfk what he was doing, anyways, I see the perfect time to strike. I sneak up on the wild squeaker and proceed to punch said beast. To my dismay, the squeaker panics and begins to scream and run around while holding down his VOIP key. He then tries to reason with me and asking to be my friend, I know this was a conspiracy, I couldn't trust a wild animal. So I continue to beat the squeaker. After chasing the squeaker down about 6 blocks, I hear one last shreik of panic and my last punch lands, I scramble to check his loot and long story short I got green pants. :^)Was it worth it? You may ask, and yes it is, one less beast to worry about.10/10 Would beat a squeaker to death again."
76561198061007873,Recommended,299740,26094138,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,dmitryreus,"A great open world survival game, you can tell its early access but a lot of things are nice and polished, the game world looks fantastic, swimming in water is super realistic, scavenging dark interiors with only a flash light is immersive.Pros:-great design/ concept-great graphics-detailed world-for an EA game its worth the investment cuz it will only get betterCons:-Mutants are sparse, there are no hordes yet-no real danger besides other people, you wont feel threatened and desperate to find something unless you come across other players, im hoping this changes in future patches and reading up on it seems like they already have plans for it-lots of looting, core gameplay so far is just looting, like i said before the mutants are very few, you will be lucky to see any (you can kill them with anything so its not a threat as of yet)As of this patch right now on 10/17/16The problem so far is there is no incentive to go out and hunt and survive, you can basically kill mutants with a squeegee they are very few, the lack of imminent danger is my only complaint and i know its something they are working on,  as ive stated before its a got great structure and i deff recommend it and keep this game on your radar its only getting better from here,"
,Recommended,299740,22550245,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,cal_,"Awesome, nice graphics, ambiance, no buggy, worth to buy."
76561198150661292,Recommended,299740,21894470,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DarkKnight,"Very good game, need s bit more work and it will be an excellent survival game!!!!"
,Recommended,299740,21894838,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,piscotti,An Amazing GameI really don't understand why this game isn't getting the reviews it deserves.This game is by all means way better than it's competitors; DayZ and H1Z1 because it:Has hard working developers.Has zero to little microtransactions.Is beautifully optimized.Didn't split into two games and charge you full price for both.
76561198084550652,Recommended,299740,24302848,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Killbob squarepants,So much better than Dayz already 8/10
,Recommended,299740,28276866,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Veyku,It's lit fam.
,Recommended,299740,22600795,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,(KInd-Mod) Boghog123,"-Starts playing game-Changes resolution cause why not-Mouse gets stuffed up since it still thinks im in window mode-Finally fixs after ten minutes-Gets into server-Spawns and looks to the right see's mutant thing 200 meters away (ignores)-Looks at scenary-Hears snarling, turns-See's mutant that was 200 meters away-♥♥♥♥♥ pants, Then mans up-Punching mutant-Punching mutant-Punching mutant-Questioning life (still punching)-Looks at health sees 10%-dies, :/-Spawns in town-Sees three mutant's, tries to sneak, all three notice me-running, looks behind they are still chasing-Runs ten more meters looks behind, only see's one chasing me....-Confused, runs into house, AI to dumb to go through door-Finds a water bottle in house then procceds to uasin bolt to the next house-Mutant is clueless and ignores me-Twenty minutes later, finally finds a back pack and a hammer-Thinks hell yeah i can beat stuff up now-Game crash's-Cries-Writes review and gets ready to play again :)"
,Recommended,299740,24107279,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hezza,"I didn't play this game much when I first purchased it, after realizing it was missing some key features. They've recently fixed everything I could have wished for (or almost) and I'm now looking forward to playing a lot of it. Worth it both on sale and full price and my top recommendation when it comes to survival games right now.+ Good loot distribution+ Non-abusive 3rd person view+ Good visuals+ Trustworthy Developers- Optimization could be improved a bit- Multiple small features could be tweaked, but that's probably going to change if we give the game some time"
,Recommended,299740,21813223,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,lumix,"This game. Where to begin. I'll just go over the pro's and con's.Pros:- No storage. Why do I say this is a pro? It stops hoarding. That's what ruins games like h1z1 and dayz at a fundemental level. Giving players the ability to 'store' everything, means they will grow more and more powerful. That guy you just killed? He's heading back to his base, grabbing his spare everything and coming after you. Only he's not - he's respawned with nothing. NOTHING. And has to do it all over again. It makes the game a true survival and stops 'gangs' from controlling the server. A fresh spawn who has lucked apon a pistol with 4 bullets is as powerful as a guy with a full inventory. That's the way it should be.- The 'you've earn't it' system that seems to exist within the game. What I mean is, shooting is hard. Finding a car and looting all the required parts to get it to run is hard. Building a base is REALLY hard. So when you get shot as you're peeking over a corner in the night... that player earn't it. Got run over? Good on them. They earn't that car. Built a giant base that completely blocks off a small section of the map? Well done! You totally deserve it. But even still, these players are not controlling the server. They don't run things. A guy is shooting you and you snake run towards him and take him down with a melee weapon? You earn't it. You waited for those guys to park the car and loot then you stole the car? You earn't it. You found that weak spot on that giant base and axed down the wall and got inside? You earn't it. They is very little salt in this game, because when you die... you earn't it.(I'm not going to state the obvious like graphics, etc, etc, etc. But I will mention the map itself.)- The map! It actually looks like a story has taken place. Not a dull, grey, miserable h1z1 or a flat impossibly-large-so-its-filled-with-nothing dayz world. It looks overgrown... it looks desolate. Each has tells a story. (For example there is a heavily fortified house made by the 'crazed survival gun nut' with ""I have a gun go away"" written at the front. It's just so exciting. Don't even get me started on cave exploration.Cons:- As the game grows storage will eventually be implemented. Gangs will hoard bullets, weapons, cars and food and become unstoppable forces that have a fresh resupply every time they die. Making their death not as important or risky. As the game grows hacking communities will take notice and start to write esp's which will completely ruin the game for everyone. But, isn't this just what we have come to expect from the survivals? Hopefully Miscreated will be the one game that actually breaks the mould. Soon we will find out.Ps. Worth the money."
,Recommended,299740,25803698,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,PanduhGames,"Seeing all of the bad reviews just drives me crazy. The devs are so active with this game, and I can honestly say i haven't had this much fun with a game in years. The people complaining about bugs and whatnot is just ridiculous, its in early access what do you expect? But even with the bugs, the game is still amazing. Yet another update with significant impact on the game and how people play. So excited for future updates, highly recommend this game!!! Keep up the great work!!"
,Recommended,299740,23873337,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Odin's Son,This game is honestly not that bad
76561198040218980,Recommended,299740,25990336,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ReaperX,"As much I want to like this game, it has a lot of issues.  I know, this game is ""Pre-Alpha"".  But I really just don't fall for that junk anymore.  Some of the bugs basically make this game unplayable, such as your game freezing and losing all of your gear (on a computer that easily runs the game).  The fact that the mutants pose almost no threat at all to you because there are so few of them that you can play for hours and only see one or two at most.  There are so called ""PVE"" servers, but they are pointless and boring because there really isn't any environment to survive against.  Without other players to compete against, there really is no threat to your survival as long as you continue to loot.  Which turns out to have basically no value because you have gear but nothing to use it for, since mutant sightings are so rare.  In PVP other plays almost always Kill on Sight, and although this can be fun for the ambushing bandit; it tends to be extremely frustrating for the naked spawn who can't even get started without being killed.  Having tried to team up with others, this can be equally frustrating because one minute you are dropping them free gear, and the next they standby and watch someone hack you to death.  Then your ""ally"" loots your body.  Then when you come back to see if your gear is still on your body your ""allies"" purposely run over you with a car.  Unless you play with people you know it is pointless to try to team up and work together, because your ally is just as likely to shoot you in the back and steal your stuff as a bandit is.I feel like with hundreds of thousands of dollars (or millions) that have been paid for this game that it should be further along than it is.  They try to rush these games out so quickly onto the steam market so they can start making money that they really never focus on any one part of the game at a time, instead opting to VERY slowly expand features of the game instead of addressing the bugs that tend to make the game unplayable.  Same thing goes for games like DayZ, H1Z1, etc. No one likes to log in and find that all of their gear is gone, especially when they spend 20 hours trying to survive bandits who KOS just to get some decent gear.This game has a lot of potential.  I just hope that they can fix the bugs and also make the game worth playing for PVE players.  No AI enemies makes this game more of a walking simulator than anything else."
,Recommended,299740,26374874,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Law,"I won't talk about the game mechanics or anything, instead ill tell you a story.It was dead at night, I had been shuffling around a house  with my flashlight on looking for stuff, when I heard whistling outside. I cursed my luck and clicked out my flashlight, pulling out my baseball bat. Thats when it got scary. It was pitch black, couldnt see a thing, all I could hear was whistling all around.""I saw your flashlight."" A man said, and I heard footsteps slowly coming up the stairs. I was shaking in my boots now. There was no way out. A light shone up the stairs, but I was in the corner. Up, up up they came, and just when I thought I was screwed.Bam bam bam! Shots lit up the night, the guys screamed. They were under attack. They started firing left and right, one guy came upstairs hit and I killed him with my bat, the other two were firing out the window. I grabbed the guys gun and his clothes, as well as his gear, and went back down.""JOHN! HELP US TAKE THESE GUYS OUT!"" They shouted spotting me, and I walked towards them. But instead, I shot them both in the head. I called out,""Im freindly! I helped take these guys out!"" Turns out a friendly foreign guy saved me, we traveled together, until he tragically jumped in front of a bullet for me, and then I died by a stray molotov moments later.10/10. Game will give you great memories."
,Recommended,299740,22601029,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FallenXwarrior,i really do its a better dayz and all it looks way better and all of the reviews that are bad are from before the patch sooooo get it NOOOOOOOOWWWW!
,Recommended,299740,25521711,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,True,"This game is leaps and bounds above DayZ and the like. Expect more player interaction, encounters, and the like, compared to DayZ.Granted I am 99% sure that this game was made as a DayZ clone, it takes the good components of DayZ, and makes it better. Smaller map, tighter gun play, and better movement.This is definitely a good game, and is highly recommended. The devs are constantly updating as well, which is nice as well."
76561198052449804,Recommended,299740,23275859,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stoomkip,Really great game and the graphics are amazing! Its like dayz but 1000x times beter and still devolping what do you want more? ;D
76561198298891875,Recommended,299740,23259239,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NoReAsOnGaMiNg,"Pros: Awesome weather system                cons: Kinda buggysmall mapeasy to learneasy to runvery intensegreat with friendsThats about it, if your looking for a new survival game to play with your friends, this is the one!"
,Recommended,299740,22332974,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,FLUFF - nakachira studio,good for survival gamekeeping up for update
,Recommended,299740,29155276,Posted: 9 January,all,dan67899,"This game is what DayZ should be. Still some bugs to work out, but lots of fun."
76561198066146426,Recommended,299740,21307898,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Scribblez,misceated is an awesoeme game i play it a lot  but it is early acess so it has its bugs but the develpers are really good fore there size and it is the best looking survivel game ive ever seen
,Recommended,299740,25540547,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,wolfman,This game has a lot of potential I love it when the servers aren't down for maintenance and they don't crash mid stream in the middle of a game but I did purchase the game with the understanding that it is still under development the game is pretty righteous
,Recommended,299740,25541516,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Chaosh ish a laddah,"The game is great and my computer isnt the greatest. this game would be fine with UI scaling and also a server history. i join a server without looking at the name, and then when i leave the server fully geared i forget which server i was on. please add it!"
,Recommended,299740,24140589,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RevzZ,Yeyeyeyeyeye.- RevzZ ReviewzZ
,Recommended,299740,26333550,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ThatBloodyTommo,"Very similar to DayZ, main difference is it not being a buggy, abandoned, laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198089761724,Recommended,299740,21320591,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bigmuff,"Super under-rated, very fun to play solo and with friends. Only a few bugs, nothing that ruins the game. I recommend."
,Recommended,299740,21332748,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PaperBoatz,"My friend seen this in the store and told me about it, I was cautious because of the mixed review, but everyone said that was when the game 1st came out. I'm glad I bought this game! It still has a few bugs, but the developers are chugging along pretty nicely. Just watched their latest dev stream, and they're working on a lot of things. This game is a 7.5 / 10 right now for the price, but has a very promising future at being a 10 / 10 easy.Definitley check this game out, it's worth it!"
76561198087628252,Recommended,299740,21284004,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Scream skinhub.com,"First all dont look at the ""mixed reviews"" and think that the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ those negative reviews is very old.-A honest review-This game looks amazig and the experience is amazig aswell. Players are friendly and would often help you uot if you need help. The loot is just about perfect but the good guns can be a little bit hard to find but if you find a gun you would olso find ammo for it. The map is small but they are probably gonna make it bigger. The cars you find all need the same parts soo you can use the same tires on a atv aswell as a car. The combat system isnt really that great tho. The game has a good engine so expect 60 fps at all times. My self i have Geforce gtx 970 and a Core i5-4690k 3.50GHzI havent really tried the base building system to much but it feels alot like Fallout 4 base bulding and that is a good thing.What is good:MapsAILootGame engineFriendly and overall helpfull community (not the dark dayz KOS♥♥♥♥♥♥Cars - Boat - Tractor - ATV - TruckGood amount of guns and easy to find ammo for the right gunWhat is bad:Combat systemMap size (not really that big of a problem)Render distance is shortIf you dont buy this game you would miss out on a big experience.8/10 would r8 m8 (ps i only buy r8)"
76561198032714008,Recommended,299740,21325215,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Extremity,"Don't hesitate to buy this game whilst the price is still so low. This game is so underrated, it's probably the best survival game out there at the moment. It will not dissappoint, and from what i hear is still coming, it's going to be awesome."
,Recommended,299740,21347895,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CPA | Dance Commander,"compaired to the other big survival games Miscreated really nails the looting a dead world vibe, the map is small at the moment but dense with points of interest and is expanding. Updates seem to be picking up lately so there is always a full server at least. Not well optimized but even the lowest settings look pretty good."
,Recommended,299740,21385442,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Its a pretty fun basic survival game, much better then h1z1 and dayz, the pvp is pretty solid, the mutants are blatantly way to overpowered, the medical system is meh. Well in all you get what you payed for and more, one of my favorite survival games to date,8/10-Phoenix reviews-"
,Recommended,299740,23765419,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FoxDie,Just buy it if you want to feel like you're in an episode of The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,299740,23927014,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,merkl,It's pretty good.
76561198273135218,Recommended,299740,24882218,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,WildWolf,"I gotta say this is normally not my type of game but daaaammmn this game seriously is awesome, its addictive and never boring always different, I think its best played with friends, or make friends in game as really adds to the game play and this aint even a finished product, my god I think everyone should try Miscreated."
,Recommended,299740,24902896,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Old Man Logan,"At first I thought this was going to be some generic survival time and when this came out, I was heavily into DayZ.  Now fast forward years later and this game has easily surpassed DayZ in almost every way.  This game feels like an actual post apocolyptic world.  I love the fact that this place feels more American (where I am from) so it hits close to home.  The AI is awesome and actually a threat.  The game runs great and looks beautiful.  You have good crafting and looting is fun.  Vehicles are plentifle and actually work.  This game is less buggy and did I mention it is beautiful.  This game has easily surpassed DayZ in almost every aspect.  I still love the gun play a bit in DayZ.  This game is needs to clean some stuff up and polish it but holy wow..... This is a very great and underrated game.  I suggest people play this."
,Recommended,299740,25422439,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,prokda,"One of the best survival games out there. I love the atmosphere and tbh the map looks pretty cool!briefly said it is way better version of H1Z1definitely worth it!keep it up devs, this game will be huge one day"
,Recommended,299740,26280772,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dad,"Look, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. You can't hack this game. These Developers actually care about the game and every single patch that comes along with it. Most of the 'mixed' reviews are from said hackers who are really just butt hurt little children due to the fact that they can't use ESP hacks. Play this game, and you won't be dissapointed. Tell your server admin or a dev about the hacking, and it WILL be fixed. Happy Hunting."
,Recommended,299740,26286552,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Stealth7799,"AMAZING, met new people as we tried to survive, had tonnes of fun the map is very exspansive and its noob friendly!"
76561198195697979,Recommended,299740,21273783,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DEDSEC,"this is my first open world survival so far i like it! there are a few bugs like when on menu screen/choosing server  the arrow pointer does not click what you want it to you have to point it a littele lower.this is obviously in alpha but for the price 7.49 you cant go wrong.only problem i had was i did over an hour of searching got me some good weapons then thought i would exit game and come back later i logged back on only to find all my stuff is not there so everytime u log off u gotta search all over again,however i have heard they will soon be adding storage boxes so you can put your stuff in .my first day playing this guy follows me friendly starts chatting then whilst im typing he punches me to death lol!!you seriously dont know who to trust it's kill or be killed in this game im hoping there are some good people on the server but so far trust no one it may not be as big as dayz h1z1 in terms of players/servers but i think when they finish the rest of the map this game has the potential to become a very good game i just hope they have some sort of save system or storage for items soon otherwise this may get a little repetitive if there are any friendlys out there on miscreated get in touch lol"
,Recommended,299740,24035765,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scotty,"Love it, love it, love itLots of details? - YesImmersive Enviorment? - YesGraphically Demanding Game? - YesGreat game mechanics? - YesStupid DayZ/H1Z1 functions? - NoUser-friendly/Simple Interface? - YESHouse-to-house Looting? - YesNeed-to-watch-your-back feelings? - YesOne of the best Survival MMO (Not really an MMO, since server limit is 36) - But what can you say, it's in Early Access | With that being said, I cannot wait until this game gets fully released - I'm loving itBeautiful, just beautifulDayZ and H1Z1 cannot be compared to this miscreated, just try it atleast. - 9.8/10"
76561198123928348,Recommended,299740,24388367,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MastrPuppet™,Perfect
76561198102317121,Recommended,299740,25470113,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,zombie_momma12,"awesome game, pretty addicting! my only complaint would be for there to be more zombies i've only ran into one so far, and more guns lying around otherwise this is a great game!"
76561198089978371,Recommended,299740,21341117,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Znawii,"Even though the game is early access it is a lot of fun, especially with friends.I can't imagine how awesome this game will be when its done!Good job devs!"
76561198093067608,Not Recommended,299740,34469710,Posted: 24 August,all,Gabo,"Join server, spend 15 minutes looking for loot, random guy with gun appears and headshot you. Repeat three times, unninstall."
,Not Recommended,299740,29846092,Posted: 11 February,all,Mychael,"REFUNDED:Firstly i had no interest in this game at first until i saw someone else play it recently. Im a sucker for great graphics and games that run well. I was always in 60-70fps on high graphics.This game was alright at first even though the first hour i spent running around trying to find buildings and loot which i found very little of. the rest of the time was pretty awful i ran around the whole map and was unable to find anything other than axes, base ball bats, car parts, and sometimes food.I ran into 3 people during the time i spent playing this game and none of them had anything either. Bases were empty (player bases) and it seemed like nobody was online with me.I was playing on a server with 35 other people not including myself which means a full server and it apparently was times x amount of loot (easier loot) which is basically saying 0x3=0. I cant imagine normal servers loot system if i couldnt even find loot on this server.I really wanted to like this game but i guess ill wait a couple more months or a year to try it again. As of now it has nothing to offer and i was pretty bored the whole time."
,Not Recommended,299740,32815925,Posted: 26 June,all,Hindrik Lamar,"The game is pretty good - good graphics, good depth and great controls. Biggest thing why I'm not playing this anymore after a week is because there is literally nothing to do. You look for a gun for 5 hours, gather some food, meet some non hostile people, run for 2 hours and then get bored and log off. I wish they increase the loot spawn rate and make it easier to actually get a vehicle so there can be some action and mayhem. Right now it's just a survival game with little intensity and action. I know they say that pvp isn't the point of this game but how tf else are you supposed to have some fun in an incredibly realistic survival game without shooting other people for their loot? Maybe if they make a kotk mode for this or just increase the spawn rate, especially of the bullets and the weapons about 90% I will come back playing this to actually have some fun."
,Not Recommended,299740,29794450,Posted: 8 February,all,Darkwave💕,"In some ways Miscreated greatly improves upon other games of its type; the developers made a reasonable choice of game engine and they have created a world with a truly eerie, lived-in aesthetic. Vehicles and base building are there, so it's already miles ahead of its direct competition. In other ways this game is another poster child for avoiding Early Access.I can respect the developers for pushing out regular updates but unfortunately this game suffers from many of the same core flaws that define the open world survival genre right now, namely that the performance leaves a lot to be desired and many basic elements of the game are janky or outright broken. Its fans will no doubt raise the point that it's in alpha, and rightfully so, but after waiting more than two years to give this game time to mature I expected far better and the progress so far does not fill me with optimism. I can't see a point one, three, or even five years from now that this game looks and plays like a polished labour of love, I just can't.While I am not going to recommend this game I don't want this review to be taken as a totally negative one, if the option were available I would give it a neutral rating or mark it as ""one to watch"". Unlike a lot of these early access titles, I can potentially see myself coming back at some point in the future."
,Recommended,299740,22511752,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DemonGroover,"Been coming back and checking every update and it is obvious the Devs care, giving more and more content and improvements with every patch.Its a great game already. I am just hoping for a much bigger map in the future."
,Recommended,299740,25384925,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ProfessorWeeWoo,miscreated is my favorite games at the moment this is the full fun survival package it has beautiful looks a fun community the map is pretty big and its not gonna take you a week to find items. just try it you will like it
76561198118782749,Recommended,299740,26346309,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,WhaCky,Guys lets be real here the devs have put in sooo much effort and you give this game a bloody mostly positive? guys WHY this game is amazing and beautiful sure it has some bugs and i get 20 frames per secbut its the best survival game ive gotten...
,Recommended,299740,22121167,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,thegooorooo,"Another game reviewed with low playtime, To be fair though I do like the game but its not going to get a good score for a few reasons (I will change this should anything change at a later date).First off, The map. OMG the map is a shining point of this game. Flawlessly done guys! However, The low Playerbase (not sure why its so low all the time) coupled with the lack of storage in the newly added basebuilding I think is the kicker to this game. You need to do something to get a playerbase going again and give me a way to store some stuff.5 out of 10  Low playerbase really kills this game which has tremendous potential that is sitting rotting a slow painful death."
,Recommended,299740,15149882,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ll_Saylor_ll,"So got new graphics card, WORKS GREAT, love this game thanks devs for helping me fix this issue i had... Guys that make bad reviews, GET A BETTER COMPUTER LOSERS."
,Recommended,299740,24036790,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,space ghost pussy,"One of the most fun games and intense games Ive played, it takes ages to start up and get a decent ammount on loot but once you have a decent ammount of loot all hell breaks loose. Just don't die."
,Recommended,299740,21248375,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nimz_tv,"A great survival game with fantastic visuals. No other survival game has captured me into the apocalyptic feeling like this. With mutants, it has a nice break from the zombie theme, even if they act like it at times. It is still an EA, but all the latest patches has made this game a top contender for 'best survival game'.Storage containers and optimization is needed badly imo, to make bases worth investing time in. The map is expanding with almost every patch and so is gear options/visuals.+VisualsImmersionThe base buildingExplorationPvP (feels like it matters)-OptimizationStorageNo character customizationPvP (Hate kill on sight haha)8,5/10Check me out playing it ontwitch"
76561198136996580,Recommended,299740,23968814,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,E-Rekt,RIP dayz
76561198101668152,Recommended,299740,24091368,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,IwalkerI,"worth it, need more people so buy it ♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Recommended,299740,24928237,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,nagolbud.com,"TLDR: By far the best real survival game on the market with the most potential. Not to mention some of the coolest dev's especially compared to RUST or H1Z1.One of the most beautiful detailed games I've played in years... I found myself playing in the rain and puddles during a thunderstorm.. jumping from bridges into rivers to be taken by the current down stream... fighting giant mutants over an oil canistor for a boat, after running out of ammo I was cornered in a gas station by two bandits with only a police baton... 10/10 would beat down bandits while being shot to death again... Falling from a giant radio tower trying to take a screen shot... This doesn't even count the 30+ gun fights I endured in the first day of playing. I killed with a police baton, 10+ different guns, different magazines, hatchets.. (mostly bandits) it goes on an on.IF you don't have fun playing this game you have no idea what a real surivival game is and you probably play RUST or H1Z1 BR or C.O.D. because those games tend to breed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and delusional idiots focused on short lived pvp and 24/7 action non-stop. Those are not a survival games. Miscreated is. You actually have to look for loot. Closely. Use your flashlight. Eat food and drink. Ect. People saying food is everywhere, well not really. When you go on an adventure and can only pack so much you find yourself starving or bleeding out regularly.Yes there are bugs, yes there are glitches, but this game is in alpha. Some of the recent $60+ ""finished"" games are more buggy and way less appealing. Out of all the surivival games I've played, rust, h1z1, ect. Miscreated has BY FAR the most potentional and their developers seem like a solid bunch. Do yourself a favor, get this game, get involved in the community, and give the dev's some constructive feedback to make this game the best survival game on the market.Right now its setup so when you die, you die, you don't have anything but a crate of loot at your base and no base spawning. Death actually means something and there is no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥baggery like in rust.*The only thing I could see ruining this game is cheaters and script kiddies. (I didn't encounter any cheaters so far) It's one thing to be a bandit, it's another to use scripts to cheat in a survival game. No one gets mad, or rages... it's more just disapointment that there are such extreme♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags that have such tiny woodies they feel the need to feed their small ego's with narcissistic supply by cheating and scripting on people trying to have a fun time."
,Recommended,299740,26285615,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Karambe,"Better than dayz standalone, its half price sale... Worth it"
,Recommended,299740,21239070,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,brendan,"Optimization: 10/10This game is beautiful, arguably better looking than most early access games, yet it runs really really well!  I can play on high settings with a rock solid 60FPS.Graphics: 9/10In addition to the beautiful lighting/visuals, there's also tons of small details throughout the map that make it look even better.  Rats and flies around trash, birds flying around while chirping, etc.  Some things (rats, car tires) need animations but even without them they look great.  Distant objects could use a little work, though.Gameplay: 8/10While it may be in early stages, it still has more than most other survival games have.  There aren't too many mutants, but also not too little - the difficulty is just right.  The looting system could use a bit more work, making it easier to tell if something is lootable could help since it's easy to walk past something.  Gunplay feels really smooth, first and third person modes look great, and the gameplay itself is just fun.Things I don't like:- Server browser could use some work, same goes for the menus in general.  Server browser needs favorites and histoy tabs to make finding previous servers easy, and maybe bump up the font size a bit. The inventory is perfectly fine, though.- Lack of players.  This game isn't dead, there's always servers with ~20 people on, but there could always be some more people, which isn't exactly the developers fault, just the lack of people being aware of this game.  The community is really nice, though.- Lack of mutant/zombie/whatever variety.  This isn't really major but should be adressed later on.tl;dr: If you want a solid survival game that runs really well while looking beautiful, this is the way to go.  Developers are really active with the community and seem really nice, while playerbase is small it isn't toxic.  Fun game!"
76561198239439604,Recommended,299740,21311913,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Trismegistus,"It needs a much better health system. I accidentally fell from the top of a very small gas station and hurt myself to 75% health. My health kept going down to 0% and I died. I had tons of food, a gun, a hoodie, a military backpack and water carrier, and great clothing. Not sure what that was about, shouldn't have died from one fall that barely hurt me by itself. Otherwise, it's a great game, pick it up.EDIT: Disregard my review above, I'm new to these types of games and didn't realize this was common. However, since this is a survival game, I do recommend to any devs that are reading this to make food and water less common. Very easily to stockpile both and get bored and start PKing, would be much more tense if I also had to worry about not dying from starvation and dehydration."
76561198134808528,Recommended,299740,19104710,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Caveman,"This is honestly an amazing survival game with so much potential. You can easily see how the dev team has taken the best parts of most survival games and are working on a true peice of art. I really see my self playing this game for hours and hours. The only set back this game has to me is a smaller dev team. Now dont get me wrong the devs are great but, when you have a small team updates can be a little bit slower. I have listened to their thoughts for the future and I KNOW this will be one of the best survival games you can possible find."
76561198332350203,Recommended,299740,30863788,Posted: 31 March,all,A Cracked Cold One,"This is an absolutely fantastic game and although i havent played many hours i can say without this is and will be one of favourite games ever. There are issues such as floating bases, and animation bugs but these have not made this game any less fun for me personally. If you are on the fence about purchasing this game i would highly recomend it and suggest looking at gameplay on youtube.Gameplay-8.5/10Gunplay-9/10Graphics and Environment-9.5/10So for me it is an easy 9/10 game."
,Not Recommended,299740,32704225,Posted: 23 June,all,CamaroGamer,"Played past 2hr return frame. Somewhat disappointed, but for ($10) on sale not too bad seems worth.After 3 hrs of playtime and following around a seasoned player, I noticed theres not really so much to do (or a point to the game for that much) Once you get guns, ammo, full inventory etc and build a base, what is there to do after that? What keeps you playing? Theres only a few types of zombies(?) Including slow walkers, big tank like walkers, fast zoms and of course mutant dogs along with wolves etc. NO RPG elements whatspever such as leveling up, skils/skill trees etc. Which kinda sucks IMO./ Everything you must find or craft in the world and finding the basic building blocks for mundane melee weapons i.e axe/pic etc can be tedious and hard to find on the ground or near you.Playerbase isnt too toxic from what ive played with. first person i seen waved at me then d/c, second group of people i found i panicked thinking they were a zom and swung at them. they killed me. Last guy i seen was a seasoned player and helped me alot and shopwn me around etc and was pretty cool. Game itselfisnt too bad, controls are amazing and way better optimized than Dayz, however missing the leveling/RPG elements from 7 Days to Die.After a few hours when youre already stocked up on guns/food/water/ammo I just thought to myself, ok what now?This doesnt make me feel like wanting more or to keep playing. NO objective to it besides survive which is pretty easy after youre stocked up n loaded with guns. No turorial either they just throw you in with some food water n have you learn yourself.guess you just need friends to make this fun (which i have zero)"
,Recommended,299740,25433589,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,rached,"great game i hope it will stay updated , i will also update this review with the game progress"
76561198085595430,Recommended,299740,15509272,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rykur,"The best and most immersive survival game yet! The level of detail in this game is unreal you feel like the world really did go to♥♥♥♥♥♥and with every overrun survivor camp or room full of blood just gets me emotional and sets the mood. as for game mechanics this is a very solid smooth game that is fun to play while gorgeous and runs smooth, amazing that they have 3 vehicles already and ragdolls :)"
76561197975468033,Recommended,299740,21211001,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BON,More potential than that♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game H1Z1
76561198079447522,Recommended,299740,24918573,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kappuccino,"I have been playing this game for 20ish hours now. Overall, I think it's off to a really good start. PvP is fun, as well as PvE. The thing with PvE, however, it is rather boring. It's fun exploring towns with friends, getting a vehicle working, finding better weapons, and building a base. As for the servers, I think there definitely needs better controls, such as no PvP or some kind of way to prevent KOS on no KOS servers. It would also be wonderful to have servers with much higher rates of mutant spawning.While there are bugs and broken things, it's still strong. I dont' think this will become another DayZ sort of thing where Devs don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥for months at a time. It seems that the devs do update frequently and fix bugs as soon as they can.Overall 8/10"
76561197995709898,Recommended,299740,25659049,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ShabbaQuilde,"Most UNDERRATED multiplayer PVP survival game.Pros+ beatiful immersive graphics that actually runs well+ PVP and gunplay in general+ decent base building+ vehicles+ 1st person only servers+ thanks to CryEngine the whole world looks so realistic that you can sit in bush and people wont see you even if they are few meters away)+ regular updatesCons- lacks interesting PVE (mutants are weak and are more annoying than dangerous)- limited surival aspect (no weather effect like getting cold, no diseases and overall non PVP survival gameplay revolves only around food and drinks)Some more features- you can get handcuffed or knocked out- lots of interesting items like walkie talkie, non-lethal weapons and grenadesIf you are looking for survival game that focus on PVP you should give it a go.Hopefully future will bring more non PVP gameplay, so far every update seems to head in right direction."
76561198083929664,Recommended,299740,26282779,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GrandmaIsOnAKillingSpree,Fun game
,Recommended,299740,12804454,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,wartech,It has a lot of potential indeed. There are no extreme bugs but there's lack of features atm. You cannot use all the features featured on the website. So I'm really waiting for them. But it's a great early game and I really think you should give it a shot. Ps. It's already better than DayZ.
,Recommended,299740,25379029,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,"One of the best Zombie Survival Games out there. If you like TWD or are just thinking about buying this game go for it!! It is well worht the 20€, not even talking about getting it for 10€ on sale"
76561198134504906,Recommended,299740,25344053,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,-Viscara-,"This is my first review for this game, to be honest, i do really love survival games.I was H1Z1 players before, spend many times on that game and i got bored of it. So i think this is the good choice. This game looks alike Day-ZPro:- Nice Graphic- Many things you can do that you cant find it in other survival games- Nice Mutant-hard to kill, chase you till top of the world XD (They can swim tho)- Base build awesome- Hard to find loots, push you to explore whole the map- There's a Bicycle!- HorroristicContra:- This is a Hard Game for sure and sucks forthose who doesnt like hard games- Not so many people playin this game-700-900ppls/day- I know this game near realistic, but it sucks when it's night,way  too dark (my opinion)- Only few people that can get into one server, like 15-20 ppls- No storage container, so u need to keep all your stuffs in pocket or bag- If u want storage container, u need to have base and cars, so u can store your stuffs inside cars"
,Recommended,299740,24076467,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Edgar,Nice graphics and fun but challenging gameplay for an early access game 8/10
76561198258637820,Recommended,299740,34067743,Posted: 6 August,all,Mike Hock,"one of the best games iv played of the survival/pvp genre.excellent gfx,intense gunfights,always being in constant danger from the other survivor's mutants and even mother nature.it dont even need a main story,everytime you log in,,you make your own stories and unique situations.game is quite amazing and the DEV's are constantly on it with updates and on the forums here.if you want a game to hold your hand tho..then  move right along this is NOT for you :)top notch game,and its getting better and better with each update"
,Not Recommended,299740,29104920,Posted: 7 January,all,Segstro,"This game has a lot of potential. Great environment, sound, and attention to detail. I think what is holding it back are a number of things IMHO:1. Dedicated server - I can't create my own dedicated server to play with friends. Note, they do allow dedicated servers, but only with a specific vendor at around $40 per month. This is not an option for most people, and limits the use of the game. I get that they want to curb hacking/cheating, but a friend had purchased a 4 pack because they saw a bunch of dedicated servers during the free weekend, and returned all 4 once they found out this practice. It's too convenient that only one company can host.2. Zombies - For some reason, I don't find zombies difficult. Perhaps I didn't find enough in one place to make it a challenge? I just outran or beat them to death so wasn't affraid to go to an area with them hovering about.3. No single player - As I eluded to in the first point, I don't want to play with the irrate kill-on-site or sexual proposition crowd. What is it about being in an anonymous game that brings out the worst in people? Having a single player map in this world with more zombies and harder to find items would be great! At some point people will stop playing this game and the servers will be gone.For these reasons, I can't recommend this to folks that align with my reasons above. If you like the Dayz MMO KOS type of game, then this is for you."
,Recommended,299740,20967584,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fyyasko,5 star! great game to play with friends. love the adventuring aspect of it & staying alive.
76561197961262921,Recommended,299740,15741254,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,SpikeInHeart,"After consulting every ressource I know before purchasing ONE and only ONE survival game, I've been attracted by the visuals of Miscreated at once. The concept of the game and the motivation of the developpers did the rest and I purchased it.Now, after few die and retries, I'm positively surprised to still find new things to do. The randomisation of the equipement conditions your experience and makes it different each time. Once you'll find guns at once and look for a fight, another day it'll be harder and will have to craft your spiked plank.The incoming content looks promising, the cooperation will be a must to achieve great things and carry the materials with your pickup to the construction site of your base.Last but not least, I think the game is more ""friendly"" than other games of this kind with simplified controls and UI.So far, I didn't encounter any bug, unexpected death or inventory loss. Remember and keep in mind that the game under developpement. The invisible walls are there just because these areas of the map are not finished yet.I run the game in 720p low settings on a 3 years old laptop, i5, Geforce540m 1Gb, 4Gb ram, Windows 7 64 bit.Don't forget you'll need a 64 bits system and a DirectX 11 video card coupled with at least 4Gb of ram to run the game.Update: Now, after recent updates I can't run the game anymore... it's a little bit sad.I really hope it will be optimized. I'll get a new PC in order to continue the adventure.Very good impression, I feel very confident about the future of Miscreated.If you should try a survival game, this is the one.Miscreated will be the survivor of its genre, the concurence will be quickly forgotten or abandonned by their communities."
,Recommended,299740,14969556,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sharpie,"So far this game has a bright future, mainly because of the ambitious developers and constant updates. These occurrences only make me more excited to play this game. Graphics are beautiful, direction of the platform is focused on true survival techniques. Only down side for me is that my PC exceeds the minimal requirements but unable to run game smooth. It is not the fault of the developers, as i expected that i would need a upgrade to my processor in order to run this."
,Recommended,299740,22240001,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bob Dylan,Really good upcoming game! Would recommend!
76561197986757350,Recommended,299740,22372161,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Saku,"incredible, no other words. this is exactly what i have been looking for ;_;. Friendly communitys, no kill on sight servers the top stuff, dont mind getting robbed a lil as long as they dont wipe the floor with my brains, life is precious, survival and the struggle is real, amazed. 11/10 cant see what this will turn into, extremely nice allready!"
,Recommended,299740,21286663,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,EazyLee,"I dont usually leave reviews, however, I feel compelled to leave one for this under-rated gem of a game.I was looking for a post apocalyptic survival experience, and saw Miscreated on sale, so I went and took a risk and bought it, even after a friend of mine had recommended I didnt because they played months ago and didn't find it that good.I do not regret buying this game at all, it surpassed my every expectation, to the point I feel a review wouldn't justify my experience enough. Instead I'll write about my second play through (because I died pretty quick by bleeding out the first time)I began in the middle of nowhere, literally. I ran through a forest for about ten fifteen minutes, and just when I thought I would die from thirst, I found a small village. Armed with nothing but my flashlight (which you will need at night) I began exploring this small village.After searching a couple of houses, I really felt like this was a world that had ended, people had clearly lived in these houses at some point. From the photographs on the walls to the leaking toilets and the childrens bedrooms.As i observed the wallpaper peeling from the walls and struggled to find any decent still edible food, I heard a groan outside.Grabbing some dog food i slowly approached the outside of the house i was in, and after looking around for a while I saw it.A mutant.Feeling safe, I decided to try and sneak by into the next house, hoping to find a weapon.The mutant heard my footsteps on the grass and ran after me, so i started to flee.In a panic i could hear its footsteps behind me slowly fade and upon turning around could see the mutant walking away back towards the village.I followed slowly and quietly and explored some more houses.One house i went in had a couch completely covered in blood with a skeleton lying on the floor. What happened here?I went up the stairs, found a change of clothes and some antibiotics, along with a bag to carry more stuff and a beanie hat to keep my head warm.I went into the attic where I found a rifle and a few rounds.Yes, now it was safe to go outside and confront the mutant.NO IT WASN'T.After shooting the mutant and missing the headshot, it ran at me. I pumped another round into its face and it dropped lifeless in front of me.Oh crap, I was hungry and thirsty, time to eat and drink.I barely got chance to consume the little food I had picked up when I heard more sounds. More mutants where coming.The gunshot had attracted them, before I could figure out where to run it was too late, I died.This was my first hour or two experiencing the game, and I hadnt even came accross a real life player yet.It was a very tense experience to say the least, and really felt like a post apocalyptic world, from as little as the odd flashing light to the ability to repair cars after finding parts and building bases, this is the game I would recommend, over dayz any day.The graphics are beautiful too.I ran this on an AMD A10 processor with integrated radeon r7 graphics, so not even a graphics card in my machine at the minute. It ran perfectly fine on medium settings and even with some settings turned to high, If you want it to run with everything on extra high without a little lag you may need a half decent graphics card though.I highly recommend this game, and with it constantly improving, I can not wait to see what else the developers have in store.The best advice I can give is ignore any reviews and try it yourself, of course it isn't perfect with it still being early access...... but it isn't far off.oh, and don't get comfortable thinking you're safe, you are never safe."
,Recommended,299740,26330844,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Foodle,good
,Recommended,299740,22217968,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Suga,The most beautiful game i have played since tetris.
76561198083595810,Recommended,299740,29290641,Posted: 15 January,all,The poon coon,Very fun.
76561197982079779,Recommended,299740,20357212,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lattyho,"A really good game. Similar to dayz and h1z1 but with better graphics. Fun survival mechanics, mutants (zombues) are actually dangerous. Only problem atm is not enough players (aus) SO BUY IT  ;)(No storage at time of writing but it is coming soon)"
,Recommended,299740,21280317,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,markIV-iwnl-,better than H1Z1.
,Recommended,299740,12839372,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Goat Nuts,"Please don't let me down baby! Just want a good survival MMO where i don't feel like i'm playing another vurtual life (DayZ) some future galactic PvP game with minor obsticals with extreme hit ranges and required DLC [hacks] that gives you aimbot and wallhacks to create a hack off (Infestation Survivor Stories) Or where the enemies are extemely OP and can 3 hit all the way to a 1 hit and teleport behind and too you from miles away, and almost every time you come in contact with one you take at a minimum of 1 hit from them. The only way to obtain items is by killing them, and trading the drops to weapons because the spawns of weapons is so rare (Nether)-So far i'm extremely impressed with this game. I recomend the game completely ""So far"". For the game only being a few days old i'm already impressed with the game. I see so much potential in them and the game! My biggest worry are the hackers. That's what ruins every survival game and i don't want that to happen. I would just suggest stacking anti hacks on top of anti hacks to keep the game  as safe as possible. This is my first and probably some what only semi legit review i have ever done and probably my last. But Survival games are my number one thing. I'm really enjoying this game. I do recommend the game, BUT i would wait at least a week and read reviews of get imput from those that have it and see if they still think you should buy it. Because for $25 you're not really getting much right now. Yes you get to play through the game as it comes a long. But i would make sure the game comes a long well and the devs are not messing around. If they don't slack and mess around this game will come very far."
76561198085976101,Recommended,299740,12732069,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Slothington,"very good game so far. can see myself spending a lot of hours on this game, once it has a few more updates. can see this being a dayz killer 10/10"
76561198012244318,Not Recommended,299740,12723978,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,AV,"save your money, come back in a few months see if it has any updates......ok I wish these indie games made two different categories when it comes to ""early access""... with just adding one more word..."" Playable Early access"" or ""non playable early access"". And when I say playable I don't mean you are able to just log in to the world and that's it... it's playable.... no. When I say the world ""playable"" I mean you can actually play the game and have fun with parts of it missing.I have played many games still in Early access, and I can play hours having fun. (one of them I spent over 60 hours in)this is not one of them.... Every building in the game is cookie-cut (the same). And I mean every friggin thing... same pic, same chair, same blood on the wall....  after 55mins of playing I found 1 mutant and 6 useless items ...like sun glasses or beanies.... thats it...My friends and I played it and had no fun, we love games ike this and this one was a miss and a half. Yes I know this is Early access but this game is a ""non-playble early access game"""
,Recommended,299740,33223309,Posted: 4 July,all,Hellcase.com MuthaFuckin Llamas,"I freaking love this game many aspects of it are great, how ever it does have some annoying attributes. The things I would say need improvement are the base building mechanics and the fact that there are only 2 offical pub servers. Another thing is the community is mostly cancerous sacks of crap, but there is really nothing they can do about that."
76561198073684803,Recommended,299740,29098629,Posted: 7 January,all,Isildien™,>Be me at 3 a.m.>Driving around Woodhaven in my Police Car>See 4 geared guys>They open fire>Ohshit.mp3>Run one over>Tell my friends>They make their way to the warzone>Standoff at the bridge>We take another one down>They get sneaky>Friend gets brain surgery by Mod16 Assault>Iwillavengeyou.jpg>Pull out AT-15>Remove hostile forces>Free to loot scattered corpses>Shiny new Mod16 and extra duffel bags are ours>10/10 Would defend my land again
,Recommended,299740,29789232,Posted: 8 February,all,_Kayzer,"This is my own opinion.Miscreated is survival apocalypse game in open world like DayZ.You have to scavenge and kill mutant and player for survive.This game have pros and cons like every game.Pros:-Good graphics on Cryengine and the optimisation is not too bad like other survival game.-Large map with special area like bunker , airfield.-Full fonctional food,drink,radiation bleeding system.-Large item choice (gear,gun,medical item,food,water)Cons:-Hitbox little buggued for pvpI like this game and he is still in developpement.The developper work hard for optimisation and new items and that great.But for really get fun you should play it with friend.WARNING:Its only multiplayer game.Sorry for my bad english and thanks for reading ^^"
,Recommended,299740,32534584,Posted: 18 June,all,kjakjsakjda,Game very nice had problems staff + Weaklinks very helpful recomend.Weaklinks  <3<3<3
,Recommended,299740,33080900,Posted: 1 July,all,JamezXMassacre,"Basically lightweight DayZ, but working and actually fun. Also updated frequently, and not a cpu killer."
,Recommended,299740,33170926,Posted: 2 July,all,Guardians◆,"Since it is an early access game, it is hard to review since it is not final. So, I will list some current pros!Let's start with the pros!---Pros---~Frequent updates!~New content added often (some content-vehicles-were added faster than it took to add them in DayZ!)~Amazing graphics! (OFC, Cryengine)~Fluid animations.~Smooth gameplay mechanics.~The mutants (NPC enemies) are actually a pretty big threat, unlike in DayZ, and they look sick!~Map is pretty big (not HUGE, but big)~Lots of gear (cosmetics, weapons, etc)~The devs actually CARE and LISTEN (unlike DayZ, once again)~I haven't encountered a single hacker, and neither have any of my friends who play.~Server sync! If you have gear on one server, it transfers to all other servers!"
,Recommended,299740,29011930,Posted: 4 January,all,Grey Wolf,"Good game, better with friends."
,Recommended,299740,28576655,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Karpiso,"This game is amazing!I recommend this game for players who like pvp.If you are new please don't go to 0/50 servers because you will die and you will not play this game again, just go to 0/36 servers and play for at least 100h because you need to know more about the map and where to loot.Don't buy this game is you dont have good computer because you will not be able to play.This game is 10/10 devs are amazing and they really do what we want!JUST REMEMBER THIS IS NOT FINISHED!"
,Recommended,299740,21299569,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SUBVERTEX | ☠,Played a bit..Great game.Regular updates.Hard working Devs.Good community.10/10
,Recommended,299740,25379869,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,diamond,؜ ؜
,Recommended,299740,24226091,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jame,"A guy put a gun in my face and told me to put my hands up, I listened to him, but he shot me in the face anyways. I like this game a lot"
,Recommended,299740,24203962,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Slim Jong Un csgobig.com,Ahead of DayZ:SA but also needs some work. recommended 8/10.
,Recommended,299740,24228311,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Scridd,"I'm very pleasantly surprised at how well this game plays in comparison to the obvious games such as DayZ and H1Z1. It feels like a H1Z1 lite, which isn't a slight to the game at all. It feels more forgiving and it vould be down to how easily you can circumnavigate the map. The loot is decently spread out and seems to be perfectly blalanced to the point where you won't want to shut off your computer if you die and lose all your hard earned gear, but that definitely doesn't mean that dying isn't a small setback.Playing with a friend is definitely the best way to get the best experience from the game but the community that we have ran into in this game seems to be so much nicer than the other survival type game communities. This means that it's pretty easy to team up with randomers in this game judging by my own personal experiences.I really can't reccommend this game enough. I've really enjoyed it from what I've played already."
76561198079236879,Recommended,299740,21585118,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Icdeadppl,"I would love to play this game. As a refugee H1Z1 player, Miscreated looks like the logical next step. Unfortunately, my PC is entirely capable, except for my graphics card which is JUST under the recomended specs & the game is unplayable for me. I was able to get a refund once I realized that even on the lowest graphical settings, with the resolution drastically reduced, there was absolutely no way.Just be very aware of the minumum specs for this game before you download. This isn't one where close enough will do.Still recommending it though. I won't leave thumbs down, just because my PC isn't up to the task."
76561197990614808,Recommended,299740,21594973,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,acdevos,"Only played a bit, but I have played a bunch of Day Z and a little bit of H1Z1. Out of those three games, Miscreated seems to be the best. The game feels much farther along than the other two, both of which are still incredibly rough. Further more, it seems like DayZ and H1Z1 (just survive) are stagnating."
76561198128309933,Recommended,299740,21836064,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blade-Z,"Great game, if they continue on like this, this game will be a lot better then H1Z1 and dayZ at the end.10/10, would reccomend"
,Recommended,299740,22647934,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TenaciousZepp,"Amazing game.  Beautiful graphics, good performance, and all while still being early access.  Worth every penny and excited for the future of the game."
76561198145590148,Recommended,299740,24492397,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,dislexic downsydrome,"a great concept game, although quite overused. anyway this game would be great and has potential it just needs for players and more things to do, i can tell teh developers are trying their hardest to improve the game, and i hope one day it will be as big as dayz or even bigger. 3/5 stars at the moment"
,Recommended,299740,21919524,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sparrow7,"Don't let the bad reviews fool you, this game is pretty awesome.If you're looking for a smoother, prettier version of DayZ, you've come to the right place. The developers are an ambitious bunch, planning on adding a lot more content in the near future.The only downside that I can see is that in its current state, there isn't a whole lot to do besides gearing up and fighting other players. However, that alone has been keeping me quite entertained."
,Recommended,299740,22658988,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CausticNebula,I'm impressed!   I just got it after patch #35.  This game is beautiful.  The weather is super cool.  I may update my review more after I get some time in on this game.
,Recommended,299740,24633674,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,turtlekunn,Best game!
76561198191902928,Recommended,299740,24645381,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Josh,"Very fun, if you are coming from dayz or h1 controls may be a bit confusing but people are mostly friendly, deffinetley recommend this game for people that enjoy surviving and base building, dont even need a beast pc to run it. Some people may disagree on that."
76561198264620715,Recommended,299740,27550953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪AleXme1stеr<15,Норма игра
,Recommended,299740,27606360,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Energy,"Best survival game I have ever played. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is outstanding. Being a fan of both arma and dayz this game is the best thing ever. The gunplay beats both arma and dayz. The grpahics are amazing and don't cause any performance drops unlike arma and dayz. Overall the game is going down a great track and I can't wait to see where they take it in the future. If you are a survival game lover but are not thrilled with any of the other options, this game would be great for you."
76561198103287822,Recommended,299740,27690188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,John.Weak,So far the best survival 1st person shooter game for me.
,Recommended,299740,27720968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Falcon,One of the best survival games i stongly recommented
76561198065861975,Recommended,299740,28109442,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WhoWantsWang,This is like the opposite of DayZ - food everywhere but the common tools take hours to find.So far so good. Might update this more later.
76561198049860248,Recommended,299740,28309854,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,That Guy,>join a server>scavenge a few houses trying to find food and drinks>bump into another friendly survivor>tells me to take off all my clothes and put them on the floor> i begin to think he's not so friendly>shoots me after i follow his orders>10/10 would get shot again
76561198054539187,Recommended,299740,29303858,Posted: 16 January,all,t-blud,"Mostly Positive reviews for good reason.Great game that gets better with every update.Beautiful graphics ,  the lighting  is incredible. The moonlight in this game is second to none  as far as im concerned.The light at dusk and dawn is also something to behold. The weather is incredible , some of the best storm effects ive experienced in a game.Then add some tense, exciting combat and some basic but effective crafting and you have yourself a game that's well worth the money in my opinion."
76561198274712381,Recommended,299740,29470067,Posted: 24 January,all,Whiskey Thoughts,"Review (Updated: 1/24/17):Firstly, Miscreated is a gem. It's one of the true last remaining ""Survival"" titles available in early alpha. The team does not dissappoint. With slow but steady updates continuing, the game shows immense potential. I'll simply state a list of the pros and cons and illustrate to the devs and buyers an insight to ways of improving the title without stripping away its core values. I hope the Miscreated devs find this review helpful!PROS:- Great community overall. Not very many toxic players. Everyone isn't out for blood.- True survival atmosphere, the game feels alive. Ambience, weather, etc.- PVP as well as PVE. Players in every survival game or setting need a common foe to encourage trade, friendliness, and even communities.- Base building! (My personal favorite) Although building single-handedly is difficult due to weight restraints on your     character, it is unique in comparison to other games. (Perhaps making lumber weightless would be the way to go)- Vehicles! Boats, bikes, cars, trucks, and even the occasional ATV. All with their own personal touch.- Food! It's hard to come by at times. People would say that's a negative but it really adds a core aspect to Miscreated and the term survival.- Guns/Weapons. Whether it is a pistol or a bow, the sound is great. Loud, startling, sharp, like a real firearm. Ammunition is also hard to come by, but never too scarce. Handhelds make a for a pleasant and relatively silent way to dispatch your foes.CONS:- Slightly buggie. I say that sparingly. It's not nearly as bad as dayz or many other titles. I've had an instance where I fell through the map near the river and an instance where I died climbing a ladder in downtown. Weapons or items stay on your back long after ditching them. (Bats and pickaxes) Sometimes two bats will display after dropping said items and picking it back up. Buggy PVP. I don't know if it was intentional but I placed 3 shotgun rounds into a man's chest in a CQC situation. He managed to kill me and my girlfriend.*IMPORTANT BUGS:- Water and food meter go down very quickly when in a vehicle. I believe the game perceives distance in a vehicle as distance on foot.- Dropping items in a building usually results in items disappearing. (FIXED)- Climb ladder through walls. (FIXED)- AI. The AI in this title are nearly useless. (I'm sure the devs aren't even close to done so no worries) They can either walk right in front of you and not see you, or spot you from across the street. They're bland and dreary. The wolves are a bit more responsive from what I've seen. Adding a few more mutants would make for a much more intense PVE survival.- Building Plans. In order to build more luxurious bases, you need to find building plans or papers to learn more crafting abilities. I think this is a great idea but they are so rare! I think that is why base building isn't a strong component in the game.- Unfinished components* I know it's in the very early stages of development so this isn't necessarilly a con. It's more of an added complaint. (LOL)I. No push feature for vehicles or boats. I crammed a boat onto the shore and could not get it back out. 30 minutes of scavenging for parts gone down the drain. (FIXED)II. Only one storage crate allowed per base. I mean, what?! I spent days searching for the best loot, carrying the spare tire, waiting to place it all in a box and nope. You get one box with very minimal storage. It may have been intentional, but it is a flaw nonetheless. It goes against survival. I would horde all I could in a true survival situation.III. Female characters and more character models. (Again, I'm sure this is on the dev list) My girlfriend loves the game but she can never become fully immersed because she's a male characters. Seems frivolous, but I see where she is coming from. Sometimes you want to become the character, place yourselves in their shoes. Hard to attain when your character isn't your gender or even race. There should be an option under the ""Player Setup"" tab on the menu screen. Selecting a preset character as well as starting clothing. I mean, I spawn in with flip flops half the time. (LOL)I thank the devs for their hard work and the community for their loyalty. I hope this game excels beyond belief. Rust shifted into a whole new direction with ugly camo skins and unrealistic gameplay. Not really a survival game anymore. DayZ is just a failed, buggy, limited piece of tarp that had so much potential. You're our last hope Miscreated devs. Ha ha!-vMigz"
,Recommended,299740,29475900,Posted: 24 January,all,El Diablo,We overall like the game its got a good concept to it little details in the game makes it fun and exciting like finding loot in the strangest places gives a better feel to the game. Needs alot of work to the base building but it is an alpha build and they are constantly updating the game to improve the things that we want.
76561198158799578,Recommended,299740,21612273,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Norbott,"If you don't trust people, and you like to scavange / base build - get this game.  Also, devs seem to be very active.After almost 40 hhours I still recomend for the above reasons.  But, I wish it was easier to find base buidling plans...9/10"
,Recommended,299740,22656836,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Extra Celestial,"This game is the greatest, legit. I am just wondering why there aren't any pharmaceutical stores or hospitals, did the outbreak happen because of this? :PAlso, you really need to fix the truck, for some reason I couldn't move it faster than crouching last night. Otherwise this is 4/5 stars."
76561197966673613,Recommended,299740,24399155,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kershaw,"My review of miscreated (scroll all the way down of the actual review of the game)*********one of my first interactions with players**********Just spawned in and found a chocolate bar and some duct tape. I left that area and saw a water tower in the distance and start making my way since I knew I'd be getting thirsty.I was crossing a bridge and then  all of a sudden a guy jumps out of no where and says ""none shall pass....""(All of this happens over proximity talk in game)I said ""What""He said ""NONE SHALL PASS."" (sounds like hes 30-40 years old)Knowing it was from Monty PythonI said ""well what do you want.""He turns around and gestures to a bush where 2 other dudes come out.(names ""carol"" and ""other guy"")carol said ""we require chocolate and  pop"". ( sounds like he is barely 16)other guy *goes behind carol.*the 1st guy on the bridge puts his gun away and looks at carol and started yelling""How many DUCKING  times do I have to Tell you, ""a shrubbery"" is what you say. No one gives a Duck that your hungry carol, you should of ate the rotten apples from the last guy.""Carol: ""Its called rotten for a reason, youll prolly die soon and there's not even a shrubbery in this game, how in the ♥♥♥♥ is he suppose to get one"".The other guy: *takes out shotgun and shoots carol in the head, and kneels down while saying*""Well there, now there's no carol either""*turns to origional guy on*""it's one Ducking line, and he screwed it up 3 times.""*********Silence for a few seconds****************I start to move closer to the edge and start thinkign about jumping off the bridge*Original guy - ""dude my moms going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you killed my brother again"".Other guy- well Tell her to hop on here and offer her shrubbery.Original guy- emotes *shush finger**they both  snap back to looking at me*The other guys says ""Do you have any chocolate tho because I am at like 20% hungry?""*i throw him the chocolate*he eats it and we're all kinda sitting there for a second and then theOther guy:""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ yeah u can go""*slings shot gun over his back*,""just next time go under the bridge, everybody gets one pass, like carol here"".I said sure and thank you.* i look under the bridge after i cross and see pungi stick traps, and while thinking to myself that sounds like fun"".I walk about 2 minutes down the road and the water tower is getting closer, get held up at gun point, this random dude doesn't want anything but my cloths..... Tells me to take it off slowly (which u cant), grabs them and runs off making fap noises.As I was texting my bro what just happendsome big black guy with a baseball bat runs up screaming at the top of his lungs ""Kraka up"" over mic and kills me with two blows to the head, before i could even react.************Actual Review**********SmoothLooks beautifulFully enjoy the lighting when entering a strcture in the game. (if you dont use a flashlight/sunglasses it may take a second for your eyes to adjust)Looking out windows looks great. shapes and colors look a little blurry which adds the realism and curiosityActions (grabbing, dropping, vaulting) are smooth and feel how they should feel in a fully released game.Loot isnt too scarce, not to abundantPeople are actually friendly and cooperate, of course some dontOnly ""early access game"" i felt like i got my moneys worth.Upset i wasted so much time on Dayz.Let the ends justify the means- Dayz at this point and time was a great template for Miscreated to be spawned in and be perfected through Dayz's (atleast) 3 year stint of glitchy and fat finger mecanics. going back to Dayz after playing Miscreated basic aspects of the game is like going back to your crazy ex, youll prolly do it when your drunk, but  regreat it in the morning.10/10 would recomend Miscreated10/10 would be part of a hate crime again."
76561198035536025,Recommended,299740,27572174,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duff™,"Are you sick of DayZ not being the survival horror game it should've been?Do you want to explore a beautiful landscape full of natural predators?Would you lke to battle mutants and other survivors?How about a dash of base building on top?Well then, buy and enjoy Miscreated.This is exactly what I've wanted out of DayZ for the last... *yawn* god knows how long. The animations are crisp, the  game mechanics satisfying, the environment borders on breath taking and... AND the game performs really well.i5, Nvidea 970, 16GB and I have a solid 60fps on Ultra settings.Goodbye DayZ, see you on release. /sarcasm"
,Recommended,299740,27899547,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Razzatron,"I like this game, there are only 3 things I would want added:Larger amounts of mutants in the citymore land to exploreand for my bycycle to not get stuck in the ground 60% of the time"
76561198054786713,Recommended,299740,27920634,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,just give me a noose already,i love this game plz buy 10/10 everything
76561198212572793,Recommended,299740,28105735,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Emiko Nuzealea,"One of the best Open World Zombie games i played but, i fell like there sould be more zombies and i would love to see more Character Creation"
,Recommended,299740,29470559,Posted: 24 January,all,Prince_Noctis15,"I was VERY skeptical going into this game seeing as it is my first Early-Access game i have owned. Hearing the horrors of early access games I wasnt expecting much. I was gladly surprised when I started up the game for the first time! The Early-Access feel of the game is noticeable but easy to look past once you're immersed in the world the creators have made. For as many recycled assets (which I wasnt terribly surprised by) the assets all feel like they had time and thought put into them. The only time this was a problem was when I was in a neighborhood looking through houses and every house layout is the same. I do hope that with time this is worked on. Overall the game feels good to play and other than lag here and there due to maxed out servers or different region servers, this game is a great experience. The biggest annoyance was that canging the resolution makes the mouse off calibrated for whatever reason on my settings so I have to play it in windowed mode. This is a very promissing game and I cant wait to see what the developers do next!"
,Recommended,299740,29652066,Posted: 2 February,all,Pablas,"Really awesome game,Better than DayZ (standalone and Arma II mod) in my opinion.- Regulary updating (adding in-game items, loots).- Graphics are amazing! [ 10/10 ]- Pvp combat - great. [ 9/10 ]- Looting system also fantastic, realistic (you can find guns, items, etc. in places that no one looks at, always different loot spawn locations) [ 9/10 ]- Wehicles! (lil bit hard to drive, but its not BAD, u get used to it fast) [ 7/10 ]- Wolfs, monsters (zombies, mutants or how they called) not too hard to kill!When you start playing its bit difficult, but when u play 25+ hours it gets easier and easier! (know map better and places).Im playing with my friend, thats fun. I dont know about playing alone - but you can find cool people in this game.OVERALL: 8.5/10 ! worth a try. ;)SUPPORT THESE DEVS!"
,Recommended,299740,21485093,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jorr,A great game with friends. Atmospheric and enjoyable!
,Recommended,299740,24477645,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,iTittYTwISteRi,"Love the game excellent visuals and immersion, scary and tense as hell. Hardcore, brutal, survival (which i love) kinda reminds of the film 'The Road' but sunnier. I understand its an Alpha build so can forgive the little bugs  and other minor glitches:"
76561198215862037,Recommended,299740,24540578,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,WE.ALL.DIE,good game that going the right way
,Recommended,299740,24578977,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,West Side | BOONK GANG |,"It's a wonderful game to purchase, it's fun to play with friends and is really enjoyable. It's still in Early Access and is wonderful as is, of course with a couple bugs. It is great now and will be even better as updates keep coming! It's the perfect game for it's price!"
,Recommended,299740,24608085,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"As an avid fan of DayZ, I heard from a friend that he was watching videos/streams about it and it looked right up our alley.  I was scepticle at first due to the mixed reviews, but I have to say after playing I was pretty thrilled with the game.  For early access, it seems to be incredibly well done, and on the right track.  After 15 minutes, I was hooked.  If you're a DayZ fan, or looking to get into the zombie survival/crafting experience, I'd highly reccomend this game.  It does suffer from occasional hiccups, disconnects, and server crashes, but that's to be expected with an early access game.  It seemingly has a long way to go, but the features that are already implemented blew me away when compared to DayZ.  Don't get me wrong, DayZ is definintley the game to go to for hardcore, realisim, but this game isn't far off.  The pros definitley outweight the cons, so if you were on the fence about it, I would say go for it.  You won't be dissapointed."
76561197990031311,Recommended,299740,24804065,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Khayman (the Mogs),"An absolute blast (if you can find ammo), especially for an early access game.I'm really enjoying most of the mechanics and look forward to more updates!"
76561198038100671,Recommended,299740,25507298,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Draconis,Good fun
,Recommended,299740,27479132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lol,"In my opinion one of the best survival games available at this moment. This game offered me something more than DayZ or H1Z1. DayZ is running simulator, you run across whole map, find some weapons, and get killed, I am not suggesting it's not a good game, i enjoy playing it once in a while with my friends , but developers definetly need to add something new.-------------------------------------------------------------------------What Do I Like About This Game-------------------------------------------------------------------------+ Unique atmosphere+ Weapon models+ Animations+ Sounds+ Locations+ Vechicles+ Melee/Ranged weapon types+ Graphics-------------------------------------------------------------------------What I Do Not Like-------------------------------------------------------------------------- Well in my opinion there should be more Military type of clothes in game. (Helmets, Vests, Uniforms, Backpacks etc.)- Better UI For Startup Menu-------------------------------------------------------------------------I highly recommend this game for people who are looking for something new."
,Recommended,299740,27568660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slam,"This game gets better and better with each update.  There are some bugs and some improvements that need to be done, but still and excellent game."
,Recommended,299740,27691671,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ozon,"Reviewing this for The Steam Awards, game is nice but needs higher max players per servers."
,Recommended,299740,27709184,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Manning,"Is this game any good?Ok so a little context, I have played DayZ for many hours 600+, H1Z1 and other survival games yet NONE of them have immersed me as much as this game! Without going into much depth this game is a hybird of DayZ and H1Z1 (H1 playstyle with the DayZ environmental feel).BUT the one thing this games has that the others don't even come close to, is the small details. The little things that make all the difference. A few examples: I was looting inside a shed , turn to find rats scurrying around the alleyway. You brush past the curtains and they move (be careful if you're peaking)! Every part of the map feels as if someone has placed each individual object (no copy and paste). Ok, there are a limited amount of building models, however the layout inside changes making it feel as if you entered a seperate house. This list could go on, but I think you get the idea.The mutants aka zombie replacements are also very well done! Roaming the streets and chasing into builds scaring the life out of you! Headshot problem solved..... alert everyone in the area of your position ..... leave!I was lost exploring for the first few hours of my Miscreated adventure. I found a lovely fishing village and was admrining the sea view when it began to rain and a storm came overhead! This was the moment a huge smile came to my face... the rain looked so f**king real! The effetcs of the rain hitting the floor and brushing past the screen. I ran to the nearest house to get into cover. Inside I looked out the window.... the smile grew larger. Looking out the window at the storm was so realistic. Ever wanted to feel as if you were playing the walking dead (the barn scene moment in season 5)? Get this game.It was at that moment something hit me, to the back of the head and I sadly past away. I guess someone else came inside to get away from the storm. Let my guard down while taking in the view ... thanks Miscreadted Devs ;P"
,Recommended,299740,28072179,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,Fun game! Updated frequently
76561198127701739,Recommended,299740,28094547,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MasterKief,"This game really has great potential, now I just hope the devs dont let us down and continue to improve and make this game even better. Still has a few bugs here and there and ocasionally items will vanish or glitch out but overall this is still a great survival game."
76561198285991955,Recommended,299740,29469838,Posted: 24 January,all,Roaring Nidhogg,"I have been playing this game for quite some time. Learning out the mechanics, what the threat was, how to survive, etc. But this game has reminded me of a type of survival game I have been anxiously looking for. It can or will be able to customize your character, search cities or towns for supplies, vehicles, unique design for the mutants which I am glad are not zombies for once. Some situations I have gone through in the game gave me and my friend some laughs and other good times. When I play alone, I usually just explore the world or try to find and make contact with the other people on another server and they have been nice and respectful. Something that I would like to see in the future would be to probably give the player a little tutorial on the machanics because it took me a while to learn them all, how to get car parts, and how to collect resources; another thing would be to add more crafting recipes to make an axe or pickaxe so that it would be easier for my friend and I to collect resources without searching every house or building we can find. One last thing I would like to see, but doesn't have to are either more maps or one of those maps you see in a zoo or park showing where you are so that players don't have to relay on the internet and then look at every little part to know where you are. But if I would to rate this game, I would give it a 8/10 and would hope to see more potential out of this game."
76561198345110771,Recommended,299740,29485936,Posted: 25 January,all,TelepathicGuerrilla,So glad i took note of reviews im here cause DAYZAfter downloding this STILL EARLY ACCESS I'm very pleased to say that this game and dev's are the only ones keeping faith alive for future EAG.I am so happy to be greeted with an update once every 2 weeks.Newbies are better off a PVE server least until you get the hang of controls then the real fun is in the PVPHappy Hunting
76561198139743858,Recommended,299740,29497749,Posted: 26 January,all,STRiDER,"*FIRST OF ALL I LOVE THE CONSTANT UPDATES AND DEVELOPER COMMUNICATION WITH US*About to hit 100 hours on this game. My current favorite online game!PROS:-Wonderful encouters with a wide range of people.-Great game environment and sound, just being in a thunderstorm searching for food is amazing.-Weapons have impactful sounds. First time playing, I was wondering for like 40 minutes and suddenly a shotgun pops off nearby and my heart starts racing.-Cool gear to put on. Funny function gestures.-Boats, Cars, Trucks, Cargo Trucks, Buses, Taxis, Police Cars, ATVs, Airport Cart, Lawn Tractor, Bicycle.-Few features make certain towns a bit more dynamic, Like Haywards generator to power the elevator, Amalgamated Airfields Light fixtures.-Variety of weather conditions including Thunderstorms, Rain, Wind, Tornados, Fog.-Actual wildlife creatures roaming around, and caves throught the map.-Mutant variants, Big Bad Brutes, Mutant dogs, And the scariest of all, other Players.-Huge skycrapers that are lootable, one even has a plane that crashed into it, another plane some miles away from Pinecrest.-Roleplaying servers can be fun if you get in the right one.CONS:-You can't see what server you're on while ingame, makes it a bit tedious for friends to join or to remember which server to favorite(the recent server list isn't always in order).-Sometimes the hitboxes can seem off.-So far the Base Building isn't really good. It's too easy to break into with just one person. A group of 3 can penetrate within minutes. So I've stayed away from base building. (Perhaps make it so only certain craftable weapons and fire damage can destroy walls.)-Cars can get blown up way to fast with any machine gun. Fun to do to somebody, not fun when it happens to you. lol-Food and Hydration deplete too fast. This is a mutual feeling for the majority of the players.-Distinguishing Ammo. I'd like to see a static number on the bullet icon instead of a hover to see type.PERSONAL WISHFUL ADDITIONS:-Hordes of 10+ Mutants trying to chase you.-Be able to carry a third main weapon but only if you have a Duffel Bag equiped.-Increase the carry weight to 50-55kgs-Craftable Ghillie type cover for when hiding in the woods."
76561197963569019,Recommended,299740,29598696,Posted: 30 January,all,Mathtits,I have a great time on with this game even in its infancy. Keep up the good work devs. o7
,Recommended,299740,21550322,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Suum Cuique,"Really good game, lots of potential like everyone says. It's still in Early Access but is way better than H1Z1 and even Dayz SA/mod. I recommend this game, and I trust the devs not to pull a DayZ on us."
,Recommended,299740,21878395,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,-[BK]-Codered453,"Great game! Better than DayZ Standalone by far with all the great graphics, but I keep dieing because when I get near the zombies with dagger arms it crashes my game."
76561198168952738,Recommended,299740,22865417,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,cakenzo,awsome but the game looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that normal? how do i get cryengine if i need to download it
,Recommended,299740,24266439,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MonsterSLX,"My first 2 hour experience:> Load up game, pick a offical server to join> Game goes pitch black> I think it froze or bugged out> Hit some buttons on keyboard and mouse. Flashlight turns on> Think to myself ""The ♥♥♥♥ its dark. Look for gamma option. No gamma option. ♥♥♥♥""> Run towards road> Find a couple houses and start l00ting> Run into 7 other newbs that are super cool and let me tag along> Noobs just want to go to a town or city> They pass multiple houses running down the road> I cant do that so i leave to l00t said houses> Get some sweet l00t and tons of ammo> 1 hour later still dark as dark chocolet> Find biggish town> Start l00ting everything> Fog is approaching> Fog is no ♥♥♥♥ing joke at night cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥> Hear footsteps in the distance> Pulls out baseball bat in self defense.> A naked man appears out of the fog> We Exchange words, He runs off into the fog> Hear gun shots> Start running> Run past naked man> Runs out of town down the road> Found a trailer park and thought ""Rednecks. There has to be a gun here""> Run into a group of 5 people> Friendly and let me group with them> Finds gun, tells group> Group goes silent> Walk out the door> Got jumped by 5 peeps with baseball bats> Beat to death> Respawn> 2 hours later and its still dark as ♥♥♥♥Overall Review: 5/7 Would get beat to death again."
,Recommended,299740,24464367,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Reefa,"Runs amazing, so much better than the likes of DayZ. Graphics are decent. This game needs developing, as there are some issues with it. There is stuff to do, like build a base or get a car running, but thats about it AND it is soooooo  difficult to achieve those things. Looting takes hours and you hardly find anything useful or you dont have all the things you need for crafting and such. It really is a chore. I like the idea of this game and see the potential it has. Right now its just kinda boring and extremely slow."
,Recommended,299740,25599384,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,REBELiGAN,"This game has been in ALPHA since 2014, I think. Sorry, I can't remember exactly because I only recently bought this game in 2016 and have been lost in it entirely. I'm trying to find reasons to hate this game but with the price of it, the quality of cool gamers that you meet in it, and even with the glitches...impossible for me to do.No, there isn't any storyline that goes beyond the history of a nuclear war and the mutants that reside in its aftermath on ORCA ISLAND that want to kill you. There are more than one kind of mutant and they love to follow you. They can hear you. They smell you. They will hunt you down in surprising ways. All while humans aim to simply survive by sneaking around to avoid conflict or killing you on sight.This is a PERFECT game to play with friends or to meet some new ones. Many happy accidents happen with this title. But it's not all fish and chips so always be aware of your surroundings.Do you want to live within a season of a show like Walking Dead, an episode of LOST, a flick like ROAD WARRIOR or THE HITCHER (80's)....or maybe some demented serial killer's movie? This game is all that, only overshadowed by some pretty evil gamers who surprise you once and a while with kindness to simply betray you when it comes down to the wire.If you're a content creator and gamer, check this title out. You'll see what I mean when 'it' happens.When this game goes BETA, I suspect you too could become a mutant eventually. Just a guess.If you're a loner, surviving is an adrenaline rush.If you're a socialite, this game raises the adrenaline up notches with starting a clan and all of the possibilites in comedic and horryfing role play scenarios.If you're a builder, this game becomes 3 games in one.This is a great sandbox title to play inside of.The map you play on is super big, too!The devs open up sections of it (normally closed off) with every major update it makes. I've been hearing some pretty exciting things about what's coming up soon.Look into it and then look at the price again.I wasted $60 on an incomplete sci fi title hyped for years recently and that sucked to experience, but I got a heckuva' bang for my buck with MISCREATED. So much so, I'm still getting a lot of value from it daily.See you there!"
76561198048733415,Recommended,299740,27541545,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr.DodgeBall,if they added single player it would be awesome for people who hate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who shoot you but its still a great game
,Recommended,299740,27674477,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mut1,Probably the best playable survival at the moment.
,Recommended,299740,27674816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Coldhand,"honestly I was quite surprised by how polished and how fun this game can be, 50% chance on KOS when encountering bandits, but most of the time you only meet friendlies holding pigs in their arms and running around, a pretty solid game and better than Dayz if you're the adrenaline junky type like me.Give it a shot, if you don't like it refund it"
,Recommended,299740,27704877,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,J.West,.
,Recommended,299740,27720264,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Leon | Alt,good game
76561198332511673,Recommended,299740,27725869,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,undeadhotpocket45,"Very fun game. awesome world. A few ideas for the producers, if they read this. More ammo for weapons spawn, maybe a minimap so I can identify where I am. Very annoying that there isn't one.  maybe a diferent map available too, or at least an expanded map. maybe more players a server? but still an amazing game, best $10 i ever spent on a game."
,Recommended,299740,27771758,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Onions as mittens,"Miscreated has given me one of those rare gaming experiences where you found yourself thinking about it long after you put it down. Mostly I will play Miscreated with a group of 3-6 friends on teamspeak supporting each other and I believe that is the best way of playing the game. Helping each other scavage buildings, sharing supplies, providing cover and putting together vehicles. I don't think I have ever laughed so hard while playing a video game as I have with Miscreated. I have also felt fear, panic, frustration, and complete satisfaction when killing other players all while feeling immersed in this world. You really make your own experience in this game.One of my favorite moments was when four of us were in a vehicle and another player came out and asked us for a ride to another town. We let him in and instantly began plotting to kill him in our teamspeak. We reached the destination and as he exited he thanked us for the ride. We played it cool and wished him well while watching where he was heading. We turned the car around and stealthly hid it in the woods. This poor innocent player had become our prey and we were on the hunt. Hiding behind walls and being careful not to be noticed we saw that he had found his friend in this town. I called out to the others to his location. My friend drew his gun on them and unloaded onto the both of them while they were screaming out and pleading for their lives. We did not show mercy that day.This early access game of course has its share of frustrating bugs. Items you drop sometimes fall through the world, exiting a vehicle while its moving can be deadly, and I have gotten stuck in a wall and died. In these days you know what you're getting into when you play a game labeled as early access. It has not detered me from playing and it's nice to see the developers constantly adding patches, fixes and new things to the game. The community has been suprisingly great and helpful. I have had players give me directions and some will give me supplies without me asking for it just out of their own kindness.I would recommend to get this game with a couple of friends. To avoid friendly fire you will often find yourself panicing and screaming out ""WHO IS WEARING THE COWBOY HAT IN THE STREET?"". We have had a few friendly kills along the way but it did not come without a good story. With the experiences I have had and the stories we've shared, I have certainly got my money's worth out of this game."
,Recommended,299740,28095023,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DirTySpriTe,"This game is very fun, challenging, and worth the money. Its better with friends though, so encourage your friends to ge ta copy as well. One negative would be that its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to find your friends in the game once you join a server."
,Recommended,299740,28297450,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Conell,"BEWARE:You might be a really nice person, treating everyone you meet with respect and dignity not caring too much about yourself in the process.Thats kind of my life motto.However, once i got into this game and i realised how easy it was to take what i wanted by force, i changed.At first all newbies are terrified of other people, however. once you realise everyone is scared of everyone you stop being scared.But i started scaring myself.I started repairing a car with a freindly russian man, as soon as his back was turned i shot him in the head.I found someone AFK, i shot him in the head too.Then, i came across a bambi (respawner)He was asking for me to help him, he had nothing, save for the clothes on his back and his fashionable cowboy hat.He didnt have anything i wanted, he deffinatley wasnt posing a threat.But there was this voice in my head saying ""kill him"" not litterally, but more of an urge.So i did.Then i noticed i felt that gleeful sensation, that you get from completing a chore, or treating yourself to a gift, that dopamine reward your brain gives you.And that scares me.If you like the sound of this and have ever played unturned, GET THIS GAME, BECOME A MONSTER."
,Recommended,299740,29298537,Posted: 16 January,all,CONNORJ177,"So far, this game is really fun! It looks stunning, and plays very well."
,Recommended,299740,29321227,Posted: 17 January,all,Flashtek,"Great open world sandbox, can't wait to see the finial product."
76561198203265724,Recommended,299740,29480951,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr.RMB,"This game is one of my favorite game! The game maker always work hard to make this game become better!I'm a Chinese.if they had know this game,they always say it's a good game!But they hope this can support the Chinese.After all it's a good game!"
76561198115170883,Recommended,299740,29487088,Posted: 25 January,all,GanjiMayne,"Great game. Add more mutants, radiation damage, more weapon variety, and maybe a more solid base/crafting system"
76561198039758609,Recommended,299740,29582829,Posted: 30 January,all,|RS|PowahRanger,"It's like a more polished version of DayZ but mutants instead of zombies. Only then with a nice community. And depending from what server you join, a lot less KOS. You can either live by looting the cities for supplies, or hunting in the wild hiding in the bushes. Base building is not the greatest, but is being worked on. Really enjoying this game.7.8/10"
,Recommended,299740,29642318,Posted: 1 February,all,iTz Bullz i,"KOS is not as crazy as other survival games probably cus You dont really find tons of ammo even if you find a weapon and bullet drop so people want to get closer. Which is a good thing.Most times ive been killed by players who i was trying to be nice to by offering ammo or food. They unload on you when you bring up your inventory. You can hear when someone switches weapons and stuff so that cool.If you are not into PVP theres also PVE servers and PVP servers with admins that enforce a no KOS.The game looks great plays great, is great."
76561198010322312,Recommended,299740,21599918,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MrGanny (Snoozing),It is a very fun game. Can u fix the bug where i always spawn at ocean and then I nid to leave server few times before i get to the right area. Sometimes there are things missing from my inventory when it shud be there. Well that is the only problem for me. The rest is fun and interesting
,Recommended,299740,27589250,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dëx,"Great Survival Game, but no many zombies, and to much bug"
76561198018724474,Recommended,299740,29496736,Posted: 25 January,all,prwbucks,"One of the most underrated survior games ever , The gameplay and design are great along with the visuals , way better then dayz if you are looking for this type of game. Does need more weapons and better base bulding feature but other that it's great."
76561198057985910,Recommended,299740,21847923,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Squashballs,Very promising game.
,Recommended,299740,24648711,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,✯ cookies..,"5/1/2016if they'd put some options in the server browser, to filter for PVE // PVP // Hardcore // PVE-DayOnly/NightOnly-Misc servers are only some of the ideas I can think of.Graphics 10/10Performance, 6/10 I have a low end PC and can run this just fine.Difficulty: 3/10 PVE, 6/10 PVP.Base building, 100,000/10 ----- Love it. Floating♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks tho..Community, 5/10------ more than often i get KOS, even with starter gear and posing no threatMutants/Zombies 0/10 ------ Dumb AI, need a lot of pathing, and faster running.Crafting 6/10 ------, pretty tideous, and a lot of work, but overall worth over time.Loot 5/10 ------, If you play for awhile, you'll understand where the loot spawns.Vehicles 6/10 ------, Still needs a bit buffering, and overall de-sync netcode work, but out of every type of game thats survival, they have the best.TL;DR these guys have a lot of potential, worth your money."
,Recommended,299740,27422825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RAJI #KelleLovers,"Jogo bem divertido, é um rust com carro, só que o miscreated é bem melhor"
,Recommended,299740,27675699,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ViccroyTV,"This game takes all your predefined notions of the survival genre and completely blows them away.The game has one of the most beautiful crafted environments I have seen so far in a game. Great forests span across the map, vast plains full of grass, mountains that dominate the landscape, great rivers that flow and build up into larger ones, caves that need exploring with fantastic ambient effects, bushes which provide a momentary refuge from the prying eyes of other survivors, and all this powered by one amazing engine: CRYENGINE.Loading the game and deciding to join a server is a bit of a hassle, which can be easily avoided by using the steam server browser and filtering the servers by game.Once you join a server however, you enter into a broken down world, trying desperately to recover from a nuclear extinction level event. Houses are broken down, cities look completely abandoned, and the streets are roamed by one of your future ""friends"": mutants.However, don't think for a second that mutants will be your only problem.Like in any real life survival situation, interaction with humans is more dangerous than any monster or natural disaster. You will have to be very careful in dealing with your fellow human survivors, as they are the most significant threat to your well being. The game features an incredibly clear voice chat, aided by a bunch of emotes which add to the imersion.To aid you in your survival endeavor, you have a bunch of tools at your disposal: clothes, backpacks, weapons, vehicles, and many more, which can be found in the world in every nook and cranny (this game really expects you to show some dedication when searching for loot).The player vs. player aspect of the game is spot on! Headshots are lethal hits, no nonsence like shooting the helmet off or  damage reduction, weapons are accurate and easy to understand and the most important part of any fight is the element of surprise, which is helped a lot by the environment (bushes, trees, buildings, fences, etc.).Base building is still in development, but provides you with all the required elements to build a decent base. However, to build more elaborate bases, you have to venture into the hostile environment and gather recipes which teach you how to craft different base parts.All in all, I would probably give this game a solid 8/10, but just because it is still in Early Access Alpha, and I can see its potential. I look forward to all the amazing updates that the developers put out on a regular basis, which no doubt will force me to change my rating towards 9/10 or 10/10."
76561198222739492,Recommended,299740,28018668,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jacksonbe1,"So I picked the game back up after 20 updates and for sure this game got better in so many ways. I love their crafting system even tho It needs some little tweeks. The Comunitie is great, I met some nice people on here and made a couple new friends. Still need to watch out for some bandits and your next door neighbors out in the forest. I love the items, sounds, funny leaning playermodel look, the water, The towns, and lastley the BIG CITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 would buy againa."
76561197964108384,Recommended,299740,21888259,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Squeegy,Love the game.  Devs listen to the community and release updates and patches regularly.  Need more people to play this!!
76561198121350734,Recommended,299740,24490442,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Onyx Swordsman,"I played this game for 38 minutes (Actual play time of about 10) before my computer overheated and my GPU had a mini-meltdown. I now need to replace it. But, what I did play was great!"
76561198167885739,Recommended,299740,27528352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Squirtle,I approve
,Recommended,299740,27918802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SuchACharles,Best survival game out there! Better than DayZ or H1Z1. Runs on CryEngine.
,Recommended,299740,28059877,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A fucking weeb,I approve of this game
76561198252731594,Recommended,299740,22525447,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Papa E 2,"If you like survival games, dont mind dying alot, and can stand to build a floating base full of trucks simply for storage space, then this is the game for you!!! Why a floating base, you might ask. Players. Axes. Period. Why use trucks as storage? No storage. That being said, with 300+ hours logged, I can safely say that this game is on its way to being a powerhouse in the survival genre. There are still some pretty hellacious bugs, but they do not occur with any regularity, and are sure to be ironed out eventually. Just sucks when they do hit ya. Trucks (particularly the orange pickup trucks) may teleport you out into the ocean beyond the world boundy; you may just be running and fall through the world; or you may disconnect while driving and log in only to find a possessed demon truck waiting to murder you. And yes, this means you lose all of your ...stuff. But, as I said, those are fairly rare occurances. Game mechanics are solid, environment looks beautiful, and its just generally addicting. I'm looking forward to a good too many more hours burned on this game. Recommended."
76561198014895598,Recommended,299740,24470876,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DeJa,"Lots of potential but be warned....base building is very limited:Base building is VERY limited, you cant build a roof till you find the recipes for the tall platforms, but the recipe drop rate is EXTREMELY low, ~50 hrs of play and have only found 2 of the recipe books, same for my friend.  At this rate it would take us ~500 hrs or more to have a chance to find them.  Base building is also limited by extremely low storage capacity, You only get 1 small storage chest (8 slots) per base.  If you can find a recipe you can also put down a large storage chest but again the odds of finding that are very low.  Collecting wood to build is a challege as it doesnt autostack as you collect it, which if you have any kind of gear makes it very hard, again you cant stow it away because of limited storage.  Once you find a hatchet or axe (fairly easy to find) you will be able to put down a foundation and a few walls and that is it, no ceiling or locking doors when you join.  A locking door requires metal obtained with a hammer (very low drop rates, my buddy and I have each found 1 in 50 hours of playing time. The security of your base....two guys with axes can break in with about 10 minutes of chopping.I bought the game when it was on sale, so Im happy with it, would I pay $20 for it? Not so sure."
76561198220438836,Recommended,299740,27337558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jason,monsters need love aswell.
,Recommended,299740,27565805,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neorealism,A great post-apocalyptic survival game.Pros:Loot is plentifulNot to many mutantsGreat GraphicsCommunity is greatNot to many people KOSPvP and PvE servers30 - 50 player serversActive devs/monthly updatesCons:UI is a little clunky and hard to use at timesCan sometimes be a running simNothing else!9/10 Would be chased around by a russian again!
76561198323112255,Recommended,299740,27597649,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JoJo,Best survival game out there.
76561198048227661,Recommended,299740,27757553,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sid,"If your still waiting for dayz to final get there act together you can wait if you like, but if you want a quick fix this is game for you! for only $9.99 (while promo still going) you can shoot zombies but not really zombie something like a zombie in the face! if doesn't sell you how about !decent! base bulding, or just taking a jog in the wonderful enviroment if this sounds like you come join the 95% bandits that are already playing this game don't delay! (all seriousness it's a great game for $10 and with it being EA I have tons of hope)"
76561198037639438,Recommended,299740,24484159,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spaz,"This is my first go at a survival game and I'm really enjoying it. I don't think it's fair to give this a review because playing this game it is clear that it's a work in progress. I'm experiencing some frame drops and my system can only handle 30fps (I have a lenovo y700 with the gtx 960m, but I can play most AAA games 60 fps on low graphics settings) and it constantly dips down to below 10fps. I'm assuming that this is just an optimization so not really concerned.I would like to see some improvements, such as more interaction with the enviornment. I would like to be alble to open drawers and check if theres anything inside. Also I would like to see my character vault over fenses. There is a lot of small details like that that really break the emersion.Another thing, I have to write down what server I've been playing on because there is nothing in game that tells me what server I've been playing.Other than those few things this game has a solid foundation and I've been enjoying my time... and that's the most important part."
76561198013303304,Recommended,299740,27797303,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vitols,"Do you feel scammed by all the early access survival games? Are you tired of all the promises? And are you looking for a game that is...fun!?Well look no further, friend!Map is not huge, server size is not that big, but it works. It is enough to feel the atmosphere, and enough to get your heart beating and palms sweating when you see those flashlights closing in.If devs keep up the good work, game will be amazing."
,Recommended,299740,27995245,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squib,"Was originally on the fence about this game, but the more I play the more I like it.I played DayZ, Infestation, H1Z1, but they're all a travesty compared to this.It's atmospheric and although difficult to find loot, it feels really rewarding once you find some good gear. As I imagine it would if this were a real life situation.When I spawned someone ran up to me and said 'Hey mate, take these, you're gonna need em' and proceeded to drop a couple of beers before running off into the darkness.I didn't know what to do from there so I spent some time looting, and decided to make my way up to one of the glowing towers. After climbing to the top I found a gun and a walkie talkie. When I climbed back down there was someone waiting for me, told me to drop my loot or he'll kill me.Out of nowhere this guy got shot and killed, someone appeared from the darkness and told me to be careful.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,299740,28307453,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Fez (gone until 7th),"I love this game, probably more than Dayz. Its fun to play with friends, exploring, base building, PVP. I also found it alot more  comfortable to play than Dayz. And alot more scarier. Overall I would reccomend this game and giver it a score of 7/10. The only cons in this game are the Bugs. I have encountered character wipes, missing items, clan kicks and clan joins, clipping issues, missing animations and Mutant glitching, although I rarely see these bugs, when the do happen they can be very frustrating."
,Recommended,299740,29441715,Posted: 23 January,all,Mi Chelangedro,"great game,it has great potential, but there still remains lot of bug."
76561198276935445,Recommended,299740,25722353,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Han-LM,"good game ,but have too much bug,hope can improve"
76561198077727582,Recommended,299740,26764891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DAMm_iT_DAvE,once you play 10 or more hours your done hook line and sinker lol fun game
,Recommended,299740,27020057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CRASH,Killed a mutant with Karate Kicks 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,299740,27090475,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MoSa,"Game is just a huge fun. Everything is good, except some minor bugs which does not affect gameplay at all. Updates are good. Keep going :P"
76561197960270993,Recommended,299740,27301139,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,boxchat,"Like DayZ without bugs (mostly). Looks great, and you cannot cheat in darkness by turning up your gamma. They need to focus on fixing the very bad few bugs they have like invisible players that persists through patches. Community seems nicer than your usual survival game. They need to increase the server size to 64 players because you sometimes never see anyone."
76561198310357322,Recommended,299740,28610209,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Trisyboi86,"Been intereested in trying Miscreated for a while and finally decided to buy it.Immediately installed and joined a server. As i spawned in I realised it was the dead of night and there was a thunder storm going on.I had no idea what the controls were and immediately began mashing buttons to try find the inventory. Found that I had a torch mapped to the 2 key, which was handy until i began button mashing again and threw it away. Without a torch i quicikly became lost and ended up getting butt ♥♥♥♥ed by a zombie.Joined another server, which was during daylight hours and the game looks real pretty and runs really well. Had a brieft run about in the world before adult duties got in the way and ruined my fun.Looking forward to getting a few friends to intall this so we can all explore and build an epic base."
76561198023428519,Recommended,299740,28628904,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KennyЖопа,Great game with active developers and frequent updates.Miscreated is all the loved things from Dayz Mod combined with many more new features and AMAZING graphics.In my opinion this game is definitely the next successful chapter in the legacy of the post-apocalyptic survival games.I rate this game 9/10 at the current state for several bugs and hope to rate it 10/10 when it will fully come out.
,Recommended,299740,28726413,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,maverickbxv,"I played ""Daisee"" for over 1,000 hours of my life. About 400 of those hours were good, hard fun, killing arabs, bandits, being a cannibal and lots of other things. 600 of those hours were holding the W key, and witnessing all the map has to over. A bland taste of what the apocalyptic world could be. I found this game on the interweb, and it looked pretty. So I played it, and after about 40 hours of playtime. I learn to discover, I can drive cars! I can loot bodies! I can actually see my bullets hit the man in front of me, and actually kill him. And hell, I can stand on rocks. You may be wondering why I was so surprised to learn all these things, well... 1000 hours of ""Daisee"" can do that to you. Miscreated is updated about every month, and very little bugs, while Dayz devs spend a year copy+pasting a Arma sound engine and creating wolves into the game. Then when they were done adding two things they deciding to take a ""break"". I just like this game, simply because zombies dont hit me through doors."
,Recommended,299740,29747485,Posted: 6 February,all,Toad,"Found some guns and gear.Guy pulls up and has me at gunpoint with Assault RifleTell me to put my hands up and drop my stuffPull out my pistol and he says ♥♥♥♥Shoot him about 3 times and he runs offChase him for about 2 minutes and fireman axe his♥♥♥♥♥Rip, turns out he had no ammo10/10"
,Recommended,299740,27294456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[HC]MowEzyy,"A great game for a great price really worth the money.Here you have something that you dont see everywhere nowdays, developers who actually listen to you and communicate to the community, the comunity here isint also large at all, even the dev team is pretty small (from what i have heard).The game gets updated frequently and is always active.now for the game it self:the game runs well enough on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gtx 760, most of you shouldent have a problem with running it. not to mention the grafics are very pretty and controls are decent. Most of the ""survivors"" you will find here will be friendly (compared to the once in Dayz) and will communicate. But recomended to play with friends otherwise this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets boring really fast."
,Recommended,299740,28656393,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,n3xt,DayZ meets rust with less bugs and glitches. It's so much fun and for $10 on sale probably one of the best bargains on Steam right now. It's hilarious when you and your friends get guns and ammo and just roam around as a death squad. I love this game.
,Recommended,299740,29040459,Posted: 5 January,all,Snuggles Prime,"Let me tell you guys a story.I spawn into a server And I ask in the area chat if anyone wants to group up. Guy responds to me that he does, so I look at the street signs, stand in front of a big Ad sign, and wait.Soon, a guy comes up with his pistol drawn, pointed at me.. ""I literally just spawned, so it's pointless to kill me, dude"" I said. ""Oh no. Don't worry. I won't"" he replies, still not putting away his pistol. I decided I didn't care. We talk and he wasn't the guy I messaged, but he does want to be a part of the group, so while we waited for the third guy, we started talking some more.All of the sudden, I hear the crack of a gun, andthe guy's head explodes. I panic because I'm out in the open, so I'm fumbling with my keys trying to get his gun so I can shoot back. Right as I pick up the pistol, I hear ""You okay dude? I totally saved you!""I look up, saying ""What?"" I then see a guy on a red bicycle with a sniper rifle on his back. ""That guy was pointing a gun at you. I saved your life, right?"" He responds. ""Ohhh no! He was okay! We were just talking!"" I say. ""Oh. Sorry about that. See ya!"" He then proceeds to ride off on his bike, meanwhile I'm both dumbstruck and on the verge of laughing.TL;DR The community in this game is AWESOME!"
76561198090139457,Recommended,299740,25843698,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,|HAFX| MadManGR,Very good game with insane graphics!
76561198195607377,Recommended,299740,28242090,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,JeepsterRich,Don't listen to the people who say this game is bad. It is amazing and will only get better.
76561198048310629,Recommended,299740,28237600,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,RevisoryAtol545,"Miscreated is a breathtaking multiplayer survival game! It's pratically amazing! It offers a wide map called Orca Island (still work in progress) which has a wide range of landscapes, landmarks, hidden caves, nulcear bunkers and a wide range of cities... In short, you will never stop exploring the map. The combat system is awesome, pretty similar to games like DayZ and ARMA III only to mention a few. There are a lot of well-balanced weapons and each one has its advantages and disadvantages. As regard veichles, in Miscreated you can find Police cars, a taxies, sedans, tractors, busses, quadbikes, luggage cargos and trucks (you'll be able to customize them in the near updates). As regard optimization, do not worry about that, it's well optimized. Often, there are some fps drops but nothing to worry about. Another intersting fact, is that you can decide the game difficulty according to each server, for example you can choose only first person server, only day and good weather, high loot and thing like that."
76561198055627416,Recommended,299740,24238686,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tommykinne,"This is the first survival game i got and it was overall interesting anf fun1. Spawned in a random area2. Went to the airstrip and got shot at but they could seem to hit me (or a different person)3. Gathered all types of random stuff (couldn't find a gun or car unless a flare gun counts)4.Ran into a lot of random people, mostly friendly players for the most part....This is where the entertainment began1.Two guys who are decked out start yelling at me over mic to follow them2. Follow them and are told to sit down next to these other randoms3. Wait 3 minutes as they gathered another person4.  Guy yelled sorry guys you have to die and proceeded to throw a molotov lolOverall pretty good game the playerbase is interesting for sure..just wish there were more access to weapons and cars."
76561198151216260,Recommended,299740,28143408,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,]TDF[ ElegantSquid,"NOT DAYZ!!!! :DImagine dayz, but with development EFFORT!say no more!"
76561198125564082,Recommended,299740,24240693,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GeeFamous92,"Most of the time I dont type reviews but this game needs it!Let's start off saying I'm a Day 1 buyer of this game, so I've seen just about all the bugs and everything.The first day I played this game made me want to rage but that didnt make me want to ask for my money backI told myself why not stick it out and see where this games gose. A couple months later or year later it's been coming out with more and more updates, I'm not talking about little updates I'm talking about the ones that Dayz doesnt even have yet!The guys/girl who's working on this game need a spotlight on them, I'm not saying this game doesnt have anymore bug because it does but they're out here working hard day and night to fix the problems.I'm a twitch streamer and the wife of one of the devs really comes by the stream to see what we're talking about need fixing and worked on. They're about the only dev team I see watching others stream this game and working to fix the bug and problems this game has, with this all being said I would recommend this game to anyone that would like to help the dev fix this game and make it one of the best games ever.I have some before and after pictures of what this game looks like and its amazing what they did to it! Here a little video of what me and my firends get into in this game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mDHlYfCqsc"
,Recommended,299740,24147015,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Asian boye w/ Asian boyish Eyes,"I want a 50/50 option, the game is fun, with some cool features such as the vehicles building/crafting. But for a game that has been in dev for 3 years, its has some optomisation problems, i can run GTA  5 at 50-60 FPS at med settings. At 1600xWhatever res and all low settings i get 30 fps, with lag spikes every 5 secs.If you have a 900 series GTX its no an issue of course. Fun with a group tho and for 50% its ok as the optomisation may be better in the future."
76561198143228229,Recommended,299740,24241690,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mindo,"Miscreated why the F*** it was created???Nooo, it's not that bad , after every update gets more and more full with stuff for the players!After last update I even start playing it ! :D"
76561198053649167,Recommended,299740,24249354,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RANGA,"This game is absolutely incredible and I cannot wait for the future updates. There is a lot more that the developers can do such as :Extra NPCs (bears, sharks etc.)Make the caves dangerous and something you have to prepare for. (Almost like a raid maybe?)Add extra features to the clans (better identification and base building etc.)So far I have encountered a few people and the game makes it an interesting moment every time, you must find out if they are friendly and be prepared if they are not.Even without other people this game is intense and interesting, there are so many places to explore and so many things to do.I am really looking forward to the future updates of this game.(Check out my screenshots to see some of my ingame adventures.)"
76561197978884726,Recommended,299740,24770791,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Probern,Love it!
,Recommended,299740,28489147,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Vaderozzo,"I've tried many survival games and I believe this is the most underrated one. Despite being still in development, I found it already polished and really immersive and addictive. Please keep up with the good work and continue the development!"
,Recommended,299740,21543205,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kid Krule,"In it's current state, the game isn't very exciting to play. But you get a general idea as to where the devs are going with this, and I like what I see so far.I think this game, with a dedicated team, will surpass DayZ in pretty much any way.Just gotta make it more fun and don't fall - like 90% of the survival games out there - in a simple loot-kill gameplay. Right now, that's all  you do: circle the same city to loot it (same spots, same loot type that will respawn by the time you finish your routine) and kill or get killed. Respawn and repeat.I'd still recommend it, at least to negate the mixed reviews because this game deserves to be played."
,Recommended,299740,33059751,Posted: 30 June,all,VillE5005,"EDIT: Sorry for my english it is not my native language.So what happend when i joined? I spawned on a beach near a litle house. Than i go in the house and loot it, i got katana and some food and water. Than i head to the other building where i killed 1 zombie. That zombie had a map. So i picked it up and looked where i am. Sinece there was like 30 people in the server i was thinking it will be hard to find someone. Than i go to the city Sultan i think. Well when i get there i loot some houses and than i meet a gang of 4 PEOPLE! I was like yolo and went to them. I said can i join? They said yes and 1 guy killed me. Than i left the server. Joined another one and spawn on the same beach again! I loot the same houses and meet a guy. He was solo and just started playing like me. I asked him if we can play toghether he said yes. So we go to Sultan again... We were looting for a while and than he had to go. So i went of the server as well and played a bit of CS:GO. Than he typed back to me on steam (yes we added each other) if i wanna play? I said sure why not. I join the server that was full 50/50. I make few steps and get killed again. After that we meet again and go to city called Woodhaven where we find a taxi without anything. We chosed to find all the stuff needed to make taxi run again. While we were ♥♥♥♥ing with the taxi a guy came into the city with a ♥♥♥♥ing BUS! He drove like 3 times around the city and left. At that time it was dark af, and i saw a guy. I said to the friend that theres someone there. He says that that might be him. That was the most riski thing i have ever done. I ran to the guy with my flashlight in my hand. Thank god it was him. Imagine if that was someone else and i was blinking him with the flashlight xD. Well then we finished the ♥♥♥♥ing taxi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and drove away. Than we were searching for his ""bunker"". After 1h of searching we find his ""bunker"". We drove to it i get out and i am ok. He gets out of the car and DIES! xD After the whole day of ♥♥♥♥ing with the car he died bcuz i dont know why! AND THE DEVS ARE STILL WORKING ON A GAME! Would recomend 11/10."
76561198279868331,Recommended,299740,29079111,Posted: 6 January,all,fockjesus™,i got told to get my pants taken off then got killed 10/10 would again
,Recommended,299740,29366118,Posted: 19 January,all,Sneeq,"Very good game with some intense moments. I play as a lonewolf, wandering mostly on mountains and forests, going into cities for supply after a long observation from above.I found a lot of happy triggers out there, but also some friendly guys. It is like walking dead. You choose to shoot first or attempt communication. The first can provide you supplies. The later can provide you a companion. Or get you killed.I like it."
,Recommended,299740,29678347,Posted: 3 February,all,☣iliosus2000☣,Breh its Good
,Recommended,299740,32738361,Posted: 24 June,all,FancyEquation43,Love this game. The only thing is now knowing how dark and sadistic people are. The game is great though!! trust no one!!!
,Recommended,299740,24217520,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,he✘ed,"I must say i'm honestly quite suprised by the amount of negitive reviews for this game. In my short time playing Miscreated it has already surpassed DayZ standalone.Miscreated is a generic zombies survival sandbox mmo thingo. But as a plot twist the devs seem like they actually care about this game, It looks beautiful and is atmoshperic as fuq. The sound design needs a tweaking but it's not terrible and the combat gameplay is on point. The map seems a bit limited compared to DayZ standalone which is fair enough given the attention to detail to the enviorments. Loot seems to be scattered around fairly and some of the player built bases i've seen look great. The only real pitfall of this game (at-least for me) would be the bugs and crashes, It seems to freeze after running a certain distance from what i'm assuming is to load in the next area. I've also had 3 crashes in the hour and half i've played. It could just be my rig though as the reports of crashing don't seem to pop up to much and as this is an alpha game it's pretty much expected to have these sort of issues.So long story short, the game is fun the enviorments are great, the survival aspect isn't frustrating like it is in DayZ. Thumbs up from me yo'"
,Recommended,299740,24222302,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Snitchy B,Fire the sound team and once you do 10/10 but for now 8/10
,Recommended,299740,24410732,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,𝓫𝓾𝓷𝓷𝔂𝓱𝓸𝓹,"Perfect Game,Fun with friends."
76561198157649610,Not Recommended,299740,33206618,Posted: 3 July,all,Bearnation,"atm it is just a run simulator, there is noting but run house to house looking for items, then pvp, then all over again.base building is poop, only having one of each chest type per base giving a total of 30 slots of storage, is stupis (i mean STUPID!!!!!!) <--- just why ? why even have basebuilding when you cant store items in it?? oh well.the vehicle are buggy and cinda stupid atm. boats have killd me more times then pvping... and so on.no point playing with friend eather.... cant find em on the map, cant see them, no group chat, no group tracking, nothing. :/but the map is amazing, so it got that going."
76561198087625611,Not Recommended,299740,33009695,Posted: 29 June,all,GalaxyV2,The amount of time to just find one weapon is ridiculous and to die and lose it like that this game is garbage I wish I could refund.
76561198056707158,Not Recommended,299740,33167321,Posted: 2 July,all,Angel2123,"As of right now, the game is not worth it.There is no way to make the game your own, you can't make a server with your friends and do just PVE. You also can't focus on base building due to limited inventory, only having one of each chest type per base giving a total of 30 slots of storage.If you want a creative survival game with vehicles, this might be for you, but only if you constantly want others to have the ability to kill you and steal all your items."
76561198006890565,Not Recommended,299740,33198788,Posted: 3 July,all,OneOfBorg,extremely buggy in its current statewait for final release
,Not Recommended,299740,33385627,Posted: 8 July,all,V1AND3,"I had to refund this game, it just wasn't fun enough. Doesn't feel post-apocalyptic, it's just a map with zombies and hostile players. You never find anything because it's looted by the server's geek. For the same experience but better go get H1Z1."
,Not Recommended,299740,29238396,Posted: 13 January,all,SFL.bboyian1,"Game crash when things are crucial and pretty buggy. Still plenty of hackers and glitches that havent been patched, still probably better than the other survival games out there. 6/10 in my opinion."
76561197990135505,Not Recommended,299740,33525449,Posted: 13 July,all,cloudcaptain,Listened to the positive reviews and gave it a whirl.  Wanted to like it.  Felt like a poor facsimile of an Arma 3 mod.  Refunded.
76561198041773210,Recommended,299740,29369094,Posted: 19 January,all,Draxx-Them-Sklounst,"The mutant's are friendly, the players are not.Best murder simulator!"
,Recommended,299740,29816786,Posted: 9 February,all,Deepockent,"TL;DR - Miscreated is doing a lot better than it used to. I would really love to see further improvements, some of which I outlined, and look forward to playing it more in the future and keeping an eye on it. The performance is acceptable provided you're on relatively recent hardware, and it's a damn sight better than DayZ Standalone.I've owned and watched Miscreated since it's unveiling in 2014. My play since then has been sporadic, giving it roughly four to six months before I jump in to see how the performance and content looks.With what I've seen as of this Febuary (2017), I'm pleased that I bought it when I did. While it doesn't look quite as smooth as the trailers would have you think, the team at Entrada are making solid progress towards a finished product.The map is growing. I've visited all of the towns and the big city, the majority of the tiny neighborhoods, and peeked my nose into most ever house I've seen. The world is mostly well crafted, though there are some things that could use polish here and there (See untextured bus interiors, odd light reflections, etc).The vehicle system is satisfying, and overall more functional than any other survival game that I've taken part in - It doesn't feel tacked on; it's much more of an achievement than it is in H1Z1, and it isn't quite so aggrivating as it was in the first iteration of DayZ, though some of the animations with it could use work.Weapons, and their accompanying modifications, are good. Incoming shots sound nice on the ricochet, though they're a little lacking in overall impact and oomph. The occasional glitch with attachments not wanting to hold hands with guns can be encountered, but that's something easily fixed in time I'm sure. The ammo system is very DayZ, Escape from Tarkov, et cetera - Load bullets into magazine, magazine into gun, reload, point and shoot. I did notice that the guns seemed to have a bit of fluctuating effacacy. One moment my shotgun would feel good, would drop what I wanted it to drop without a problem, and on other occasions it would feel like a BB gun, which was both confusing and frustrating.The crafting is a little odd. I'm not sure how I feel about it after coming from games like Rust, ARK, Conan, Hurtworld, et-cetera where people more or less innately know how to build a load bearing structure. They're taking a chance with that, and I think that it does have the ability to pay off provided people have the patience and the knowhow to take time with construction.The zombies and mutants are genuinely a threat. The smaller variety with needles-for-arms don't seem to be particularly smart, but their slightly more naked relative will hound you for a fair amount of time and neither are afraid to stick you in a corner. The neighborhoods largest rippling muscle friend doesn't take no for an answer and has no qualms with setting you back to square one. I recommend not shooting them with a .22.I was relatively pleased with performance overall. At 1080, and with settings as high as I could take them, I averaged out at 50 FPS. Occasional frame drops into the teens were uncommon but did exist, which would be a problem should those hiccups occur during PvP.The clan system is .. There. It ties in with the building system, and grants access to doors, editing abilities, et cetera - ARMA 3 Group system it is not, and it doesnt' disable friendly fire, but this is post-apocalyptic and to my knowledge the player characters don't have cyber implants to see where their clan-mates are. An item, or a set of items, that eventually do that would be nice however.Graphically, the game is usually aesthetically pleasing, though some problems should be expected. Animations are a bit buggy sometimes, in a quirky early access kind of way. Water will flicker in and out of shiny-ness, wrists will randomly break while moving and aiming down sights. Sitting in a car and driving will often make your characters have seizures in their seats, which is only slightly alarming.I did see room for improvement, most certainly - Primary weapons (and smaller backpacks) being placed in large backpacks and storage containers would be *fantastic*. You could tell me that I can't fit an AR-15 in a backpack, but you're wrong and I've tried it to make sure. This would allow for bases being more  than just a place to store food, ammo, and more base building supplies - It would add a profitable reason for raids to exist, which would certainly be an improvement. A colorblind mode would be nice as well, but who really wants to be able to see things?Over all, Miscreated has made phenomenal progress. I recommend checking it out, at least, and keeping an eye on it. While it might not be suitable for lower end computers, it can be a lot of fun with a group and it certainly has enough to keep people enjoying it for some time regardless of storage woes.GPU - EVGA GTX 1050 TICPU - Intel i5 6600k @ 3.5RAM - 16GBWindows 10 x64Samsung SSD."
76561198308601193,Recommended,299740,30041470,Posted: 19 February,all,Wolfurton,The game is good. If you like PvE then dont go to pve servers. Go to an empty server. People still kill you in PvE
,Recommended,299740,30090705,Posted: 21 February,all,Belzebat,"Love it! Graphics are awesome, play is smooth. I do the PVE side and it's just greaT!"
76561198187813470,Recommended,299740,32515751,Posted: 17 June,all,GTO,imma put it straight way better than dayz ever was  or ever will be this game got a bad rap when i first came out but its 100x better now
76561198343096567,Recommended,299740,29858502,Posted: 11 February,all,[CMG] Fytylm,"40 Hours Review:Right from the start.......although you can play solo in this game, there is no ""single player"" option. In other words.....you will still need to be connected to one of the servers (best server is Gas Town) in order to play.This means that you don't have to play with your friends and you can still have a very great experience playing by yourself.That said.....Teaming up with friends (or making new friends) is HIGHLY recommended as this will increase the backup you have and also a stronger group to take on other players. It is a very hard world out there and crazy stuff happens every single day.This is a very addictive game and will have you repeating the following words a lot......""just 5 more minutes""I can recommend this game to anyone!60 Hours Review:I tested a lot of servers and can honestly say that only a handful are good and my personal favorite server is Gas Town!The game gets lots of updates and things are moving forward at a very good speed. The developers are on top of issues as soon as they can and also depend on the community for feedback and ideas.Yes there are still issues here and the.....but they are nothing major and not constant either. This game is after all PRE ALPHA......So not even if  Alpha yet!Stop reading reviews and watching YouTube videos and go and buy the game while you can still get it at cheap price!!!!!400+ hours review:So....it is now more thatn 400 hours I have spent in this game.The game is 10 times better from what it used to be when I did my 60 hours review on it.I will however add that the Gas Town server is no more, however Trippy's server (YouTube legend) is a VERY awesome server with lots of action.Shop around for servers you like, roleplay, PVP, PVE, Build anywhere....I mean there are different servers for different folk.The game is much more than is used to be....silencers...scoped....upgrades....guns....guns....guns.....building.....zombies...People....just get the game, you will not be sorry!"
,Recommended,299740,29923368,Posted: 14 February,all,afattiegamer,Devs are active and game is improving support them and we will see good things from this game and maybe more!
76561198024153946,Recommended,299740,29923897,Posted: 14 February,all,djstatic97,"I've never done a review before but here goes-This game has the potential to be excellent, however there are a few bugs to work out like clipping and overall optimization of the game. Other than that I would recommend this game to anyone who likes FPS and Survival games since the more people who play the better it gets!"
,Recommended,299740,29966232,Posted: 16 February,all,awshii.gif,Highly recommend this game! :D
76561198019503905,Recommended,299740,30035569,Posted: 19 February,all,Norfolk Fox,"Had this game for a year now and its still amazing, with the regular updates being adding new possibilities and gear you cant become bored. Dont expect to be building massive bases like you see in trailers wihtin the first few hours of gameplay, try to focus on getting used to map and the game mechanics. If you are looking for a survival game which is always keeping you on edge then Miscreated is for you.SummaryGrraphics 9/10sounds 8/10Scavenging 7/10Ai/zombies/animals 7/10Crafting 5/10vehicles/transport 6/10World design 10/10Detail 9/10"
76561197970474299,Recommended,299740,30049727,Posted: 19 February,all,WeezabuzZ,Awesome fun! This is currently in alpha (20/02/2017) and it's the best survival game going. Devs actively making it awesome unlike the DayZ devs who took our money and put their feet up.Tip1: Trust nobody!Tip2: Stay off the roads and open spaces.
,Recommended,299740,30077863,Posted: 21 February,all,XPERiiENCE.PRDG,"This game unlike most of the games I play is a game of patience, and well patience. I like it a nice change from the COD or BattleField more so faster paced game play, not many hours but I'll update this in time."
,Recommended,299740,32514780,Posted: 17 June,all,Air1ess,This game is really good i've enjoyed the most out of this but nowdays its becoming the same thing with these survival games and that is no talking but shoot on site i blame the discord or team speak to be fair.lots more inprovements such as vac and anti cheat for this game. more places to open up as i seen i wnt to the end of the map and theres a barrier more car spawns because people tend to hog the cars (making bikes would be good)the game is very pretty or though the brightness setting should be a no go.Is it worth it yeah it is
76561198365274713,Recommended,299740,29818536,Posted: 9 February,all,TonyD,"When Compared to DayZ , this is a better visual game with similar sandbox experience and scavanging for equipment. Map is about half the size of Day Z , so running arouund does not get super boring. Players will not normally intend to shoot on sight like day z is known for instead they will group up . The Servers also save your gear and spot on the map when you exit.If you are a survial sandbox type of player. 100% try this out in comparision to Dayz. You will not be dissapointedMiscreated = better graphics , realistic crazy weather effects , wild animals and zombies. semi simulatiuon / Arcade survival.Day Z= More Realistic Simulation of  survial with lessor graphics and alot more running."
76561198055802106,Recommended,299740,29973196,Posted: 16 February,all,PaPa GIUSEPPE,DAMN    THIS   GAME   IS    ♥♥♥♥ING  LIT
,Recommended,299740,29975784,Posted: 16 February,all,Josh,"A really nice game to play with friends, altough it takes dozens of hours to build a fairly big base!But this game looks really really nice."
76561198119551648,Recommended,299740,32434342,Posted: 15 June,all,CannonBo' Bannon,for some reason not miscreated probably but it doesnt work for my windows 10 but i played it on a freinds pc and it was great 11/10
,Recommended,299740,33269670,Posted: 5 July,all,haryookey,"-Find a stranger-Tell him,''Lets survive together'' and he agree-We spend the time to loot together-After we finished,he shoot me in the head''Dont trust the fckin strangers'':'("
,Recommended,299740,29922666,Posted: 14 February,all,KokuoG,"The game is everything it sets out to be and more. This is the one that takes the crown. Forget about DayZ, or any other zombie survival game you've been playing."
,Recommended,299740,32788794,Posted: 25 June,all,Epsilon,"TL:DR: This game is years ahead of DayZ in every single way, if you hate DayZ, you will love this game.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game flew under the radar and was underrated, considering the croc of♥♥♥♥♥♥this genra is, its worth looking into this game.Lets just say, when compaired to DayZ its obvious this game is multiple YEARs ahead in development.The game has working crafting(gear, bases, weapons, ect)/cars(multiples types, even troop carriers) camping, hunting, and resource gathering.Thirst, hunger, and illness all work.The world is huge, immersive and beautiful. The detail, lighting and shading will make you say ""wow, this is early access?"".The games night cycle makes you loot franticaly with your flashlight, but dont use it to much or you will get seen. You can barely see anything at night without it, so be ready.The zombies dont clip through crap, and actually behave properly. Albeit, there is not a ton of them at the time.All in all, if you bought DayZ and were disappointed with the dumpster fire that it is, give this a try!"
,Recommended,299740,21815639,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Queost,This game started very badly hence the negative reviews. It was awful.. now the devs have listened and are making a solid game. Sure there are things to fix. things to implement but the devs are active and listen and produce results.Dayz is very serious as a survival game but runs badh1z1  is too actiony and runs wellmiscreated sits in the middle and does it well. The crytek engine runs very well and looks amazing. Combat is slick and with a few improvements will be really good
76561198137180938,Recommended,299740,25512374,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Webster64,i god dam love it
,Recommended,299740,25916789,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,~Ormagodon~,Miscreated is a survival game with beautiful landscapes and graphics be beware of other survivors and fearless mutants that wander this land also.
76561198002468672,Recommended,299740,26039966,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,reyn1a,"I played this game for almost a month now - specialized on diferent aspects on different servers. I have a nice base on one server - really nice and difficult to build and think of a way to keep others out. Also tried bandit style :)) not really for me, but works in larger groups. And the most basic find stuff to survive and quick decision making really gets you addicted. Best survival game for me.Still has things to improve like bad physics on the bike or bugs on log-out log-in, but improvements have been made and new features always get added even from players suggestions.85 hours on record and counting :)Very raw violence - should be totally rated M or R :D"
,Recommended,299740,29579077,Posted: 29 January,all,RapidZ *  Crossover,Gelmiş geçmiş en gerçekçi survival.Gerek playerleri gerekse oyun içi loot sisteminin zor olması oyunu çekici kılıyor.
76561198053250445,Recommended,299740,25565738,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,stunning visuals. not played long yet but like it already
76561198124348799,Recommended,299740,25621845,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ben Dover,"Great steady stream of content/updates these last few months, cheers to that."
76561198099742160,Recommended,299740,26373922,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,VoidWalker,Controller support: CheckThird person/First Person Otions: CheckLast of us world: CheckBig open world map: CheckCo-op: CheckAwesome graphics: CheckIt is a work in progress game thats quite fun to play. It has great atmosphere but most of the time can feel very empty and i hope this gets fixed in the end. No dialogues or voice overs or any kind of story plot atm.
76561198114334980,Recommended,299740,26409284,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,dudypoody,Amazing!The reason people are hating is because its different. Its not like The Forest or 7 Days to Die where you can just break anything. In this game you just search for the stuff and it can be difficult at some times. You can hit trees a recieve wood to build basses and building but you cant transform the world.Multiplayer is awesome too. Its good because there is no map and you dont know where anyone is so you could run into someone at any time.
,Recommended,299740,21472319,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Boosted crap.,Great game so far.
,Recommended,299740,24106406,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,XATYR,Pls Add Single Player Feature
76561198060341976,Recommended,299740,24362621,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lienial,This is one of the best Early Access Games ive Ever Played
,Recommended,299740,24790954,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,? Real Nara  :QuestionMark:,>Play in CASANOVA EU SERVER>Made new friends>Decide to visit admin's base and worship the gnome gods>Made own base with friends>Decide to create a new religion>Worship the god of fire>Friend dies in a horrible fire>Friend respawns>Friend converts rest of us to worship the gnome gods again10/10 would worship gnomes again
,Recommended,299740,25658478,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Preferred シ,Played it for a little while. Met some people. Teamed up and went to airfield. While walking down the stairs at the airfield It launched me half way across the map. 8/8 Would refund agian. I plan to re buy it today on the sale and give it an other try. With the cool new stuff and things they added. Looks like a lot of fun
,Recommended,299740,26030346,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bhan,"In all honesty I was skeptical about playing Miscreated due to the past mixed reviews. Though, after watching a few gameplay videos and doing some research to actually grasp how much work and time has been put into this game, I began to reconsider. I have now been playing for a little over a month and I feel as though the purchase was definitely worth it. I compiled a small list of pros and cons that I'm sure will shed some insight.System Specs:i7-6700k - 16gb DDR4 - GTX 970 4GB - Asus Sabertooth Z170 SPros:- BEAUTIFUL, well optimized graphics- Great Crafting system that shows alot of potential- Just about EVERY building is accessable.(Creates a more immersible enviroment)- HUGE detailed growing map- Weather. It's obviously still a work in progress but I have to say when I first experienced lighting during night time it made me want to wait out the storm in a near by building or camp as if I was actually there in the game.Cons:- UI is very buggy and tends to freeze when attempting to load sometimes(Loading the server list).- VERY demanding in terms of hardware.- Collecting and transporting items of size can be tedious at times.- The base building is almost exactly like Rust which I don't mind but I would prefer a more unique building style.Overall Opinion:I'm more than impressed with the work and progress the Miscreated team has put together. I have and will continue to recommend this to anyone who enjoys a game you can be immersed in for hours at a time. I personally am not bothered by the Cons at all because afterall Miscreated is still in an Early Access stage. I look forward to what the future holds with Miscreated and I'm glad to be a contribution!"
,Recommended,299740,26473806,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Davoz,This game is amazing and has very good quality. It has the potential to become a very good survival game such as Arma 2 Dayz Mod. When the first time i got this game it was really buggy and this was about 2 to 3 months ago and now the devs has covered the main issues of the bugs and it gets updated frequently. In my opinion this game will be better then DayZ Standalone.
76561198328212474,Recommended,299740,26550262,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,I'm Retarded?,"Took me a little bit of time to get into this game, but I'm glad I did. This game offers a very nice atmospheric worlds with lots to explore. Sure, all of the KOS is annoying, but just go onto a lower pop. server and this can be easily avoided.10/10 would recommend."
76561198112174187,Recommended,299740,21948693,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,✪ high.,BUY IT!
76561198212000807,Recommended,299740,22134000,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Exiled Mind,This is really a good game. I play at this because Day z isnt that good and miscreated isnt that big so find survivor isnt hard so u can play tactical or just hide your choose.There a lot of place to loot and theyre are a lot of gun. Just hoping they will get more player
,Recommended,299740,22519966,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kazak,Optimization is better than other survival games and graphics are f***ing amazing buy it!
76561197961405241,Recommended,299740,26329556,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,A Fish in a Donut,"I stopped on my bike in a puddle so I could fill my canteen with drinking water.  My bicycle exploded because it was in water.13/10 Walmart Bicycle SimulatorSeriously though, this game feels like post apocalyptic life. Desolate, scary at times, and you scrounge for the supplies you need.  I'm enjoying the game so far at about 8 hours.  I'm seeing that I have probably experienced about 70% of what the game has to offer.  I haven't explored much of the world, but from what I have its cool.  Buildings could use a little more variety, but its not too bad.  While the game is in alpha, the bugs are acceptable.  Bikes and vehicles are a little screwy, but I'm hopeful that these things will be polished in the future.  The creatures are few and far between, its real life people you really have to be worried about.  If you go running about full speed around town, you're bound to be seen and attacked.  However, you can stalk your way through bushes and dark areas and stay hidden.  This gives you the upper hand and allows you to decide if you want to approach someone, run or stay in hiding.  Speaking of hiding, there is nothing like building a shelter in the woods away from everyone.  It takes some work to chop the wood, craft the pieces, then put the pieces together to make your constructions.Overall, the game is a positive experience for me, I look forward to updates, more content, and the polish this game deserves.  You are not in for fast paced action, it's a slower paced stealthy game.  It has HUGE potential.  Please devs, don't let me down.  I don't always buy early access games, but when I do, they've all been successful."
,Recommended,299740,26368145,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Zem,KEKEKEKEKE
,Recommended,299740,27369863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shakensage,Fun but you cant trust anyone.
,Recommended,299740,29712720,Posted: 5 February,all,Chan'sChineseTakeout,"Pretty neat game, like a less jenky dayz, but it's still early access so some content is missing"
76561198129260553,Recommended,299740,22053442,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,calslawson,"This game is far from perfect, but with that said they are working on making it as close as they can. Only been playing off and on for a month and its really getting good. Cannot wait to see what they have in store for us. Grab this game and give it a go if you are looking for a survival game that actually gives a fun time.*Edit* 2016-04-18The creators are constatly working on adding and fixing this game to make it better and better. As much as I loved Dayz SA, this game and its developers are in a class of thier own. I would honestly suggest this game to anyone looking for a good survival game. Keep up the good work and again cannot wait to see what they have in store for us!!"
,Recommended,299740,22561216,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,rawdogmeat4,"I'm 3 hours into this, so I'll update this review as I go, and I'm sorry that it'll be long, but I felt this needed to be said even with my short playtime already. I dove into this game with my brother, both fully aware that this game is a DayZ clone by no doubt, and that's part of the reason we enjoyed it all the more.What I believe should be noted is that this DayZ clone that is Miscreated is more polished, and runs better than DayZ itself (Mod and standalone as I've played both) in every way possible. It may not be perfect, but the character movement, the camera changing, and the interface itself is smoother in its short progress than the awkward/clunkiness that DayZ has in the 3 years the standalone has been out, and however many years the DayZ mod has been out.What I'm trying to say is... This game does DayZ better than DayZ.PROS:Structure-building (If you survive long enough, a base is nice)Item-crafting - Finding books around gives you more crafting recipes to learn. Still not sure if you keep them when you die.Salvageable vehicles to drive (Forget the pickup, we found a bike!)House-to-house looting just like DayZ (Feels like more buildings are available)No need for can openers to dive into those sweet, juicy canned pears.Weather effects are some of the most beautiful I've ever seen in a game. Specifically when it starts thundering; it was so impressive, I thought it was actually thundering at my house it sounded so good. The rain started falling, forming small puddles on the ground with little reflections in them and it was breathtaking to see that good of development put into weather effects. Beautiful.However, with all good things that come, we have to accept the bad as well. Miscreated as great as it is does not display absolute perfection in its current Early Access stage, and here's some examples as to why:CONS:Mutants (instead of zombies) aren't near as populated, so more PVP-focused (I consider this a good thing, but most wouldn't since it is a survival apocalypse, so I listed it as a con), but when you find them, boy are they a challenge as it takes 3-4 swings with my hatchet to kill one, and I'm at half health by the end of it.Structure-crafting feels a little too extreme on materials that are too difficult to find (If I can barely survive players as it is, how am I gonna gain all these misc materials to build a boxed hut?)In some instances, the survivor aspect isn't as much there food-wise because we came across two towns full of houses that we found an endless supply of food; so much food in fact that we started eating some just for the hell of it in order to make room in our backpacks for more. I know guns themselves are more scarce, but why am I finding 9mm/10mm/357 rounds for guns I don't have more than for my little .22 pistol?CONCLUSION:Is it worth it? Yes, if you liked the concept of DayZ, but want a more polished/enjoyable experience. I bought the 4-pack 50% off for $32, and that's cheaper than one copy of DayZ for $35. More worthwhile for me, personally. However, if you didn't like the DayZ experience at all and prefer something different, I'd avoid this one then as it's an attempt at the same genre, but better.EDIT: Added Pro about weather effects and added detail about item crafting as well as adding a sort of Pro under the Con list of Mutants. Along with that, added a Con about food being more plentiful than necessary compared to the amount of guns/ammo you find."
,Recommended,299740,22614389,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Imhotepsol,It's definitely improved over the last few patches. All in all it's a solid game with a better community than DayZ or H1Z1. Worth picking up in a sale.
,Recommended,299740,24097287,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ANONYMOUS2122,nice for early alpha footage
76561198020322424,Recommended,299740,24172508,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,This game is coming along very nicely as of 7/7/16 not to mention on sale for $10!Some of the best rain on the streets I've ever seen in a game. I was singing in the rain without fear.8.5/10  atm
,Recommended,299740,24350731,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Skadi Pippen,nc but not acceptable to my cp
,Recommended,299740,24985936,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CatMeat,"Awesome start for an alpha. Graphics are great. Inventory management can be a bit klunky, but expecting improvements. Worth the $20!"
,Recommended,299740,25404121,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,mikey0077,"Joined a server, looted a house, got nothing but some food. Walked down a road and came up to a sign for a town, walked past the sign as a car proceeded to approach me from behind honking its horn. I jump and try to act peacful, they jump out, one of the shoots me once, gets back in the car, they drive off and one says ""this is our town"" and the other chimes in ""b*tch!"". I then bleed out and die... 1/1 would get kicked out of a town again."
,Recommended,299740,25505467,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Jenosyde,"Awesome game. There are still a few bugs that need ironing out, such as getting randomly kicked from a server or the game entirely. I'm positive the devs are already aware of such things and are on the ball to fix them. Other than that, the game rocks!"
,Recommended,299740,25522301,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mindless,one of the best survival games out thereSolid 8/10
76561198140947183,Recommended,299740,25561145,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,cruga,"this game is great please do not for the love of Satan make a ""battle royal"", ""king of the hill"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with this please. this games is already better then any survival game ive played in a long time. keep it up guys"
,Recommended,299740,25572356,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Trilineon,"Miscreated is on of the most entertaining games I have ever played! However, I am currently running on a potato so it become really unenjoyable sometimes but I really look foward to playing on a built pc in the future. Its still in pre-alpha so it does have some bugs here and there but other then that it is really fun[EDIT]Finally upgraded and this game runs really well except some FPS drops in caves or towns, probably from my own pc lacking. The updates make things much more enjoyable. Although there are still some bugs on garage doors and items falling through the floor. Also, the military truck could use some better brakes or horsepower for going up and down hills."
76561198063998149,Recommended,299740,25620018,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Aztech360,"Awesome game - if you like this genre (survival, DayZ-esque) then this is a worthy contender.In our group we've had countless nights of fun with the most random of interactions with other players. The balance is great for finding and repairing vehicles (difficult but not frustratingly impossible!), loot spawns are regular enough to keep you busy and the base building aspect is fantastic. It's always super interesting (once you've picked a home server) when you spot new bases other people/clans have made pop up.Give it a go, you will almost definitely love it!"
,Recommended,299740,25655667,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,HunterMcSteegs,it koo
76561198098172647,Recommended,299740,25719226,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Eugene Krabs,I wrote a review before but its time for the real review.This game has flaws bigtime.Its a good game at the core but needs work.This early access is bull because its been like this for a long time.Put it this way if you want a good zombie game you have made a bad choice.This is because the zombies arent zombies they are mutants and also they are uncommon.But when you do find them expect the worst.I fired at one with 4 shotgun shells and it didnt die.But the game has a good loot and inventory system.However it ends there.You are subjected to having space that doesnt make sense and then you also need a gun to even be scary.You will be shot in PVP.You will die a few times.And you will rage.This is a walking simulator and thats it.PvE is a joke because there is no zombies 80% of the time.And the controls are horendous.Overall if you want your moneys worth on a zombie game go to H1Z1 or an Arma 3 mod.But if you want to get a semi-fun experience out of the looting and playing with a friend then be my guest.However you are gonna spend a lot of time for nothing.And you wont wanna touch this game after a few deaths of characters that have 5+ hours on them.So overall its not bad but could be better.
,Recommended,299740,25731139,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,corazza,"Great game, perfect graphics even playing in low quality, also has rain and even tornadoes, in forenoon has fog that minimizes game vision making harder to see something, the game loot doesn't glow and to know where you are it's hard, the thing that is missing it's a group system.Then in few words, this game worth it the invested money for a version that is in Alpha."
76561198082308587,Recommended,299740,27708944,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,uk pleb,"went to a radiation bunker, friend got cancer, couldnt find the cure to cancer, he killed me and then he died from cancer shortly after, his name was Zac."
,Recommended,299740,29424245,Posted: 22 January,all,im gunna shut u duwn yeee,"My first experience on this game was kinda fun. When i joined a server for first time , i've been handcuffed right on the spot by some mexicans. My friends couldn't help me since i didn't know where i was. I remember they asked me something like ""Yo, boy, who you voted with ?"" I said Donald J. Trump, even though i don't have the age and they left me there. After a while, a guy in a police car came , told me that he is the sherrif and uncuffed me. He said he is going to hunt down those bandits, not because they're mexicans .80% FUN20% SCARY"
76561198017702901,Recommended,299740,24372208,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Smithskrieg,"First Experience**Loots various towns and collects decent amount of loot/food - 1 HourDecides to learn how to build a base on my own - 10 MinutesSearch for nails - Never find themServer goes down for a little so I make a new character on another server, find nails in the first house I enter. SMH.That has been my struggle thus far, are these dumb plot signs that you have to build. I wish they'd remove those signs and let us build whatever.Anyways, on to the review.Server Lag - Barely any server lag. This is awesome. Nothing more needs to be said.Graphics - This game is the best looking survival game out there, hands down. Very impressed with the graphics and how well the game is optimized.Gunplay - Gunplay is consistent and fun. The guns feel reel and they recently added reload animations which obviously adds to the obvious reality of guns. Bullet detection, from my experience, is fleshed out and works fine.Crafting - Very good balance of crafting. It doesn't take extremely long to gather the resources or raw, natural materials. However, you will need to find the tools. Based on how lucky you are that may take a long time or it may not. I've played for 6.5 hours and I just recently found a pickaxe for stone, so it varies.Crafting Note** - Plot signs are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ especially since you need to find nails and I haven't found nails in the almost 7 hours that I've played. Again, this just may be extremely bad luck and your experience will likely be different.Map size - The map looks relatively small, but it's not. In my opinion it's perfect size and it looks as if the restricted zones are going to be added later in the game so that will make it considerably larger. You can find maps along the roads and you can also find a map that you're able carry and loot at whenever you'd like. Just remember to find landmarks so that you can identify the area that you're in.I would give the game an 8/10 right now as far as survival games go. It seems very balanced, fair, and the graphics are outstanding. If you like zombie survival games this is the one for you.Update as of 6/19/2017 - I just hopped back into the game after noticing the large improvements made to the game. This is still the #1 survival game to date in my books. PvP is incredibly fun, the world looks beautiful and the devs just recently added onto the playable area. Buy it now!"
76561197999864970,Recommended,299740,24834820,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Willou,"Best gtaphics for a survival game, if you played dayz and you want a game to actually run there it is and it also updates more often than dayz ^^ conclusion: its better,prettier,nice pvp system and has a a realy cool community people actually coomunicate to others ! :) worth 20 $ (CND)"
,Recommended,299740,25408544,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Curandas,"I have to say, being a survival genre veteran (over 1000hrs played in that other game), Miscreated has managed to get my adrenaline pumping so far. I've only played around 3hrs but I've been in so many different situations already that it really makes it feel like I'm trying to survive.Graphically the game is very good, the animations are pretty smooth for an early access version although a few ones are missing (ex: I found a bicycle and it moves without the need to pedal... that's some awesome tech!).I absolutely recommend this game for everyone out there who is a survival genre entusiast. Just keep in mind it's still a work in progress.PS: The main menu theme is absolutely GORGEOUS! Everytime I open the game I hang in there for almost 10 minutes before logging into a server."
,Recommended,299740,25454581,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PECOSO,"I think Maps and a compass should be standard issue along with the flash light, just ground zero basic stuff"
76561198087185695,Recommended,299740,25621553,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,sonicreaction41,"I used to have a social life, then i bought miscreated."
,Recommended,299740,27367539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CCCXXII,better than dayz standalone tbh
76561198024162403,Recommended,299740,25463965,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Koufax,"Let me first say Miscreated is one of the most underrated games on steam. The time and attention to detail that the devs spend on this game is impressive. The different weather patterns all the way to looking for loot.Still in early development. Coming from arma (dayz mod, exile mod, etc) the map is smaller. However they make up for lack of map size with content which I believe is extrememly important! Almost every single building is not only enterable but has many different rooms to loot. Excellent chances for pvp. Weapons and ammo are a little scarce (I would personally like to have a little more ammo drops)A couple of draw backs I have (now understand this game is still in early development) is the storage in your base. I have seen many many complaints about wanting to stop ""hoarding"" of loot. I personally on all of my survival games love to go get more and more and more loot. I can never have enough. I hope that they make it to where you are not limited to 1 storage crate of each size because I really feel like with that little amount of storage there is little point to actually building a base.Overall I highly suggest giving this game a shot. You will not be dissapointed. ( and if you are then... oh well... more money for the devs to continue to make this an awesome game :D )"
76561198023265099,Recommended,299740,25509907,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Illhav_Alargewun,"I bought it for £7 in the steam sale and have had 173 hours of fun out of it so far, that`s not bad value for money at all, I only did 60 odd on Far Cry 4! Ok so it has bugs but the Dev team are updating, patching and addressing issues regularly. So far I`ve found it a really enjoyable and addictive game."
76561198001695835,Recommended,299740,26043769,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Captain Murphy,Many of the bugs mentioned in earlier reviews have now been sorted.Devs are responsive and update frequently.After 200+ Hours I would definitely reccomend this game
76561198249289064,Recommended,299740,21937107,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tuna_Helper,amazing but alot of bugs and cant get my game to start
76561198082207797,Recommended,299740,24102939,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,blizzred,>Got in>raids house got a shot gun>looked for a car for days>find a zombiE shot it>couldnt reload got merked>10/10 if i wasnt lagging
76561198211228645,Recommended,299740,24590533,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,bloodstyle,So far from the 60+ hours ive played been real fun even in the early development build so far. The DEVs are doing a great job and deserve all the support they can get. IMO yeah this game is worth picking up
76561198019516919,Recommended,299740,25170131,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lewis,Good game. Fun to play with friends and so on.
76561198022337600,Recommended,299740,25191408,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mimikko,"To begin I would like to say I am having tremendous amounts of fun with Miscreated despite the alpha status bugs and glitches, which for me, have been few and far between.Miscreated is a game set in the year 2089. The Final War has come to an end. The devastation of the war itself is what ended it. If you are un-mutated and alive all you are doing is striving to STAY that way. Mutants roam the once lovely streets. The world is decaying. Focused on scavenging, staying alive, and upping your arsenal and equipment itself is a challenge in itself. Not only are you competing with other survivors for resources, you must be wary of the mutated citizens and areas of the world that remain radiated.PROS: -Constant anxiety. (Can also be a CON for some)-Death COULD be around literally any corner. (Can also be a CON for some)-In game VOIP is smooth and consistent. (Can also be a CON because ANYONE in range will hear you, including those who wish you blow your brains out and steal your gear.)-Beautiful graphics and lighting system.-Scavenging is difficult and equally rewarding so it has a very nice feeling of accomplishment.-Creativity in player interactions is very common in an almost RP way.-Gravity system exists.. better lead your shots with any long range combat!-Unexpected friendships/companionship to survive in the wasteland.-You have the ability to look like a total ♥♥♥♥ing badass.CONS: -Constant anxiety. (Could be a PRO for some)-Death COULD be around literally any corner. (Can also be a PRO for some)-Difficulties in establishing your location in the world when you die and must respawn.-No character customizable abilities. (YET) So everyones base model is the exact same.-Some spawn locations for certain items make ZERO sense. EX. A cars drive belt in a refrigerator.-Housing interiors are just a variation of several layouts copy and pasted. I find myself checking the same homes twice because HEY THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME."
,Recommended,299740,25394138,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,thedaveidentity,"This game presents a concept that I haven't encountered before in other games, (granted, i dont play games often!)  the feeling of genunine fear for what another human being will do when you encounter them. That moment when you're looting a house, you walk around a corner and come face to face with another person, what do you do, do you attack them to protect yourself, do you run, do you step aside, are they thinking the same thing? It presents a genuine feeling of tension that is extremely realistic. There's a genunine desire to survive.This game will definitely confuse many people who have expectations beyond the intention of the game design. For those who understand what the experience is about, then I believe this game will provide what he or she is looking for.The visuals are at times, near photo realistic. I love the depth and detail put into making the most mondane environment seem complete. The aesthetic design is perfect and feels like a real world.The development team seem to be very active in rolling out updates and addressing bugs.I briefly played DayZ a few months ago and despite high hopes, it didn't hold me. I played Miscreated and I just keep going back. Not sure exactly why that is. I feel the player and dev team behind Miscreated are perhaps more mature in nature and appreciate the realism of a true surival experience.Minor negative critique; The water, especially around the rivers, could definitely be improved upon. It's the only element that breaks the sense of realism for me.Given the development is so promising at such an early stage, I really look forward to seeing how the game will looking a year from now!"
,Recommended,299740,25563735,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NoDoze,"One of my favourite games for a long time. The graphics are very nice and the gameplay is really engaging.For an aplpha release, there's a lot to do in this game, and while there are bugs, it doesn't make it frustrating or pointless to play.Some of the sounds effects are genuinely scary. When I first started playing and wasn't sure what to expect, being in a house in the pitch black night, with a snarling zombie outside was a genuinely unsettling experience.I'm very much enjoying the game so far and anticipate a lot of hours will be spent on Orca Island.8/10"
,Recommended,299740,26257023,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mshai.DeMutė,"As I write these words, my clan's base is under attack. Managed to die from a sniper shot in the head. Clan mate killed as well. Respawned 5minutes from the base. Clan mate respawned futher away. We rushed back. With my ninja mojo I dismantled back walls while they were chopping wooden gates up front.Put back the walls...Picked back my gear...and then most epic FIREFIGHT started!One hour stand off! Clan member dies in my arms from that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sniper. Killed one of the attackers. Wounded two more. Got wounded myself two times.The only reason why I am still not fighting there is because siege times are hard on the people. The humble defenders get hungry and starve. Logged off on 4% food. I hope that our beautiful base lasts through this dark dark night."
,Recommended,299740,26343324,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Delta_Plays,">Find truck, missing 100% of parts>scavenge area, no parts for truck>go to nearby town to look for parts>get shot at while looking for truck parts>Hide in bush, see guy and his buddy walk past me>they split up.>Guy walks past again looking for me>Heart racing like usain bolt>Smash his head in with an axe Rick Grimes style and loot his body>keep looking for truck parts> Hear firefight within 100ft of me, guys shooting up the place with Full auto weps>Only have shotgun with 3 shells and a ruger 22lr with half a mag>see a couple fresh spawn bodies in the street.>2spooky4me>Say screw it and decide to head back to the truck until things calm down>Get lost on the way and dont know where truck is anymore>try to find truck and instead find 90% working sedan  in a quiet little town, all it needs is motor oil and gas>look around town for an hour, frustrated as hell, checked like 20 buildings already> find oil and gas out of nowhere, relived as hell.>drive to hayward valley the big urban area>Park car near construction platform  because i want to go up and get a better look at the city>walk up platform ramp>pistol drawn>turn corner>Guy with AT-15 mag dumps me, i only get off 2 shots.10/10 would scavenge for oil and gas again for an hour and die 10 min later"
76561198189053217,Recommended,299740,25455243,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Quest,"Of course there is many bug inside this game,but this is a good game and the developer give a♥♥♥♥♥♥to their product. 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,25988839,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,666,Better than h1z1+dayz+arma 3 exile combined... nuff said.
,Recommended,299740,21804720,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Swoop,When these types of games started getting popular I couldn't wait for someone to actually do it right. These guys have lots of work to do still - but I think this is that game. It'll be the one.
76561198091136270,Recommended,299740,22054532,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Gecko Gamer,"I really don't know how to say this. I want a refund for the game, but I absoloutley love it. It takes the best stuff of DayZ, adds Rust-Like base building, has a creepy atmosphere with remanants of the appocalypse everywhere. It's great, and I highly recommend it. The problem is, people don't play it. Maybe it's because it looks like WarZ, or some DayZ ripoff, and, yeah, it kinda is a DayZ ripoff, but so is H1Z1 (Which is a hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥by the way) and people love it. I probably won't be refunded for the game anytime soon, but I recommend you play it. It's amazing, and it deserves way more credit then it gets. Spread the word to your friends, leave a review, draw attention to this game. It deserves it, and I want to play it more.Also, the game is optimized hella well. With they're recommended settings, you could probably run the game at maximum graphical settings, and still get 60fps (Assuming you aren't recording gameplay). Go try it."
76561198202762583,Recommended,299740,22560939,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Valdimore,"First off i want to say that this game has really good potential!!I bought this game late last night ( 20 Apr 2016 ) and have played 18 hrs worth of it so far, and im hooked on it. Yes, their are several CONS to the game but it has a lot of PROS also! the graphics in game are amazing. When you see a thunderstorm and you see the lightning strikes and hear the thunder right behind it and it makes you jump just a little, makes for a good game in my eyes! The mutants in the game will also make you jump when they catch you off guard ( checking your bags, moving things around in your vehicles etc... ) and its pretty intense needless to say lol... but some of the things i dislike so far are the fact that when you die, you LOSE EVERYTHING. Yes i mean everything.... Things that are in your vehicle, your inventory etc...But, like i said this game is a must have and i really hope that the devs stay with this game and get some more of the updates to us in a good timely manner! i think things like a compass on the HUD would be a nice plus. getting the storages fixed ASAP also more storage space or something in your inventory would be quite nice also. i served 11 yrs in the military and i know i can carry more than 40kg for quite some time. so please do something with that also! but on the up and up this game is a MASTERPIECE in the making.... keep it up"
76561198175104161,Recommended,299740,24098951,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jamieneon1320,great game!!
76561198157307242,Recommended,299740,24102941,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Eat Your Green Vegtables,beutiful looking game. easy to run. awsome
,Recommended,299740,25650358,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Geikoo,Pretty good. Just to many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that pretend to be nice.
76561198073436020,Recommended,299740,26060378,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Connor,"- Join new server and see a guy down in the town- Run to him, not cautious becuase nothing to lose- See he is fully kitted with assault rifles and pistols- He walks into a house- See he left his mountain bike outside- Yell over voip, ""Thanks for the ride big boi!""- Run from my bush to his bike, using mousewheel to get on it- Mousewheel doesn't work, can't get on- Guy comes out and sees me trying to get on his bike- ""Stop that"" he says- ""Da comrade."" I reply, still trying to steal his bike- Would-be victim shows me how to ride the bike and says I can have it- Also gives me a pistol but no ammo- 20 mins later cruising down the road on my bike- Backpack in the middle of the highway- Get off bike, probably trap- Walk up to backpack- ""I am the almighty Jesus!""- Dude scares the trash out of me- Steals my bike- Pistol has no ammo so rip bike- Backpack full of food > bikeI will find you Jesus, one day..."
,Recommended,299740,21618845,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,edwards5013,i HAVE BE LOOKING AT THIS GAME AND WATCH ONILNE OBER THE PAST YEAR SO I WENT AND ADDED IT TO MY LIBERY AND ALL I SAY IS THE GAME LOOKS GOOD RUNS WELL AND FOR 14.99 WHY NOT. THIS GAME IS A UP AND COMER
76561198128285785,Recommended,299740,22002987,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Fatrácida,"that's is a great game, but is not otimizated for pc, i know how to use cry engine, i trust in the devolpers, and i trust they will be finish this game o/"
,Recommended,299740,22558756,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DatOneStoner23,ALMOST JUST HAD A HEART ATTACK ON HERE it was storming raining im heading toward sultan in my car stop at a gas station because i needed gas of course and get shot once panic press like 5 keys get shot 2 say ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MOTHING ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥lol mad that i just lost al my loot and car but 10/10
76561198045872791,Recommended,299740,25735005,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,prestonpool1057,One of the best and most entertaining games I have ever played. I have joined theSASUnity.comcommunity and they are a great bunch of people. The admins are really on the ball handleing problems and such and are very friendly. Come join us on a SASUnity server there are now 4 different ones each with thier own unique styles of play and there is something for everyone from the strick PVE server to 2 different PVP servers and the new 1st person only PVP which I enjoy
76561198142605158,Recommended,299740,22621094,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Guardian Of The Gnomes,"Spends a total of 2 hours gathering food, 2 small firearms, a sheity backpack and a bicycle. Logs off, spends 2 minutes eating pizza comes back and its storming out. Gets on bicycle and start cycling for town. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥runs me over with his truck and drives away without taking my stuff.10/10"
76561197999706386,Recommended,299740,21508156,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jim2029,Its a good game. Good graphics. Only problem I have with this game is you can't build in towns. I wish I could take over a building and fortify it. Like you ould in real life.... I like games for realism.
,Recommended,299740,21508949,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pantoteeni,like it so far cannot wait for updates
76561197988423812,Recommended,299740,21512246,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,netmanx,"It's not perfect, but they're working on it.Despite it's flaws you can still have a great time."
76561198104376430,Recommended,299740,21400916,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Joan of Arc,i love this game
,Recommended,299740,22783090,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Bonesy,"Good Graphics, Just let me reload my gun with keyboard button an not inventory and add storage an were game"
,Recommended,299740,22785403,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Boltz,"I actually like the progress this game has made of the past months. First off I must say this game is huge. It runs fairly well and framerates have gotten better. The new lightning/fog mechanics give a greater ambience to the game. Visually it is more appealing then other survival horrors.  Basebuilding is fun yet simple. Weapons are hard to come by as they should be. Crafting has gotten alot better.  The flashlight along with night time adds another element to the game.One thing I will say is how the car/vehicle mechanics work. The fact that all cars start with nothing in them is a bit of a pain. Finding one tire on the map let alone four is quite the task. Perhaps the cars should spawn with all tires and add a mechanic that enables the tires to be shot and blown out. In a nut shell, I ended up spending four hours looking for car supplies and ended up with 2 tires and spark plugs, half a tank of gas, battery and and oil. Point is it took me far too long to the point where I just wanted to give up. I still to this point have yet to get in a working vehicle and have only encountered 2 and a handful of bicycles which were recently added.Another thing, which im sure has been mentioned and will be addressed is the Mutant rate/AI.  They have gotten alot better but are honestly almost do not exist in the game. Its to a point where I do not even fear them. Perhaps make them a bit tougher and have a better range of sight. Make them run the same speed as the survivors that way they are more cautious around them instead of simply running by knowing they wont catch them. I have actually seen a few players run around purposely having them chase them collecting several (5-10) and make a game out of it. While comical, I don't think the Mutant's AI were made as a joke.All in all, this game has alot of promise and I enjoy what has become of it in the early development. The sky is the limit, Kudos the developers for sticking to it. Will continue to play. I baught a 4 pack for myself and friends so I am hoping convince them to continue giving Miscreated a chance.8/10"
,Recommended,299740,21375405,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SharkByte,"So far it is kind of boring but super suspensful. The sounds are f****** amazing though. Your footsteps actually sound realistic based on the surface (sand, asphault, carpet, wood, grass, etc.) The ""mutants"" are really hard to find. You will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself however...better graphics than H1Z1"
76561198069951877,Recommended,299740,21589834,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,WhatYouGhanaDo?,"11/10 Ran friend over with a bicycle and killed him.-----------------------------------------------------Real talk though.Pro:This game runs like champ and the atmosphere will give you chills.especially at nightime when its so dark you are forced to use the flashlight. I've put a really okay amount of time into DayZ. It's sad to say but with only 4 hours into this game so far it's already better. Nothing will beat the times I have had in DayZ but this game captures the genre very well. It did what all the other ""Sur-zombie Games"" couldnt do. Capture the feel of how a desolate world with some sort of viral aftermath should have.When going in looting it feels scary, it feels distant, and you will feel alone.It looks good. It Runs good. It. Feels. Good.Con:Server browser is poop.minor bugsNeeds updates (if that can be counted as a con)TL;DR - Runs and looks 10x better then DayZ, server browser is poop, 11/7 is gewd, would run buddy over with bicycle again."
76561198307458261,Recommended,299740,24872089,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cozar ツ cs.money,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME WORTH THE MONEY
76561198052263591,Recommended,299740,25003664,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,nefftimmy1,"Iv been trying to ""Rejoin"" The Offical Miscreated server 2006 which I chose to be my main server to play on and I am geared on this character. Although since yesterday it has been saying I cant join... Other servers work, but im unable to join this one.. WHY?! :( Want to play on that server."
,Recommended,299740,25004799,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Th3Cullenator,"great game. Loads of fun and people are generally friendly, not all KOS"
76561198024624155,Recommended,299740,25005958,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Podunk Noname,"This game needs a lot of work but it has a lot of potential. I will keep an eye on it.Very DayZ in a lot of good ways. The action is heart-racing. People are boss fights. All people are murdering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and you shouldn't trust any of them. If anyone is being nice, it's only because they have no ammo, low health, or their buddy is lining up the shot. People are terrible, just terrible. Terrible.The mixed bag:Crap Server interface, server pops of under 40 max, no character creator, no parkour, no cannibalism, no body heat mechanics, no farming, not enough zombie(mutant) hordes, super simple chase ai, no sickness from eating rotten or raw food, no getting drunk, no prone . . . the game is in alpha.The running gag was ""They had ____________ in an earlier build, but took it out cause it was super buggy. They'll put it back in later."" It's a little bare bones, but it's in alpha!The backstory is rediculous. there are computers and houses and cars from the 80's, but it's 2083 or something and there was a nuclear holocoust . . . but everything is still standing. In fact, there are loads of garbage bags everywhere with flies still buzzing around them . . . rotting for 100 years! Hefty bags really hold up! Buildings are standing, windows aren't bashed in. We found an awesome crashed plane, really cool scene, but the illusion breaker was that all the skeletons in the plane were naked, still sitting in their seats. After 100 years of weather like what's in this game, most of these places would be ruins or collapsed wet rotted husks covered in vines. But hey, what game gets any of that right? Fallout is terrible at that stuff and that is readily accepted. Hey, the back story's in alpha!""Can of peas? Their still good! Yum Yum!""There's too much 'bad' to list and it's a GAME! Lack of attention to detail? Maybe. Alpha? Of course! They don't really care? I think they do.It's easy to get lost in this pretty picturesc post-apocalyptic theme park. The graphics are gorgeous (relative), models look pretty good, nice textures. The lighting though, the LIGHTING IS NICE! I love the long cast shadows and the way the light penetrates tarps and curtains casting their color on nearby objects. There's so many post processing effects that just look so nice and sell the environment. Even with all the graphics on low, the game looks nice. The engine was a good choice.The weather also helps to set the feel of the game. There's several grades of rain/storms, tornadoes, a really fantastic fog, and more! Terrain is pretty good, but not perfectly realistic. They should study some terrain maps and come to an understanding as to how erosion cuts into hills and mountains, that would inform their design choices better, but it's pretty good. LOD textures are pretty horrendous and they need to figure out a way to populate distant hills with the illusion of trees rather than making them♥♥♥♥♥bald when you're far enough away. Godspeed on that. The stars don't match up to a real sky so you can't navigate by them, the time cycle is too fast, so it's difficult to judge East from West by the position of the sun. You end up just getting to know the terrain anyway. Overall, the Map is small but growing.There's no armor, but there is also no equipment damage. Food, guns, car parts, clothes, and such just grow in houses and all, like in real life, and you go and harvest them. It's a game!The crafting system is kinda garbage right now. There is only one way to do anything, and its always a 12 step hassle through a very opaque interface. You can build a fort, but you'll likely only attract the attention of others who will just climb up on top of their pickup truck, jump your wall, knock down your door, climb the stairs, loot your stuff, crap in your box, steal your car while his buddy drives off in the truck. They will likely check back daily to see what you've found, how you've improved your bear-bag fort and occasionally say hi! (murder ensues)Oh yea, VEHICLES! And this part of the game doesn't suck at all.Sometime you feel like your on top of the world! You find enough tires to put on the military transport and get it all the way up the hill to your base. Then all your hopes come crashing down as a single man dressed all in black murders you and all your friends with no more than 6 bullets. And you didn't have enough time to take the ramp down, so as soon as he busts down all your doors, all that sweet sweet loot is his. So yea, base building is about pointless unless you have a clan manning the thing 24/7.Just build a camp site in the woods and move if anyone finds it . . . ever. You can't afford to stay in one place.Like DayZ, but way less clunky.Give it a shot, I'll be back later."
76561198314587596,Recommended,299740,25399429,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Aggelos,Very good game and beautiful graphics!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299740,26560272,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Onlyhope87,Much better then Dayz I would definitely recommend this game
76561198073491941,Recommended,299740,17258934,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Nathan,"Great game overall, still some fixes that need to be implemented as well. One of the best survival games that is still in Alpha, can't wait to see what else it has in store!"
,Recommended,299740,21389751,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Drej_X_Army,"When I bought this game, it was sitting with a Mixed Review of 4800+. I have spent 12 hours in this game and it has potential. Its a mix between H1Z1, DayZ Standalone, Rust, and the Epoch Mod for the Arma games.My big complaint is the size of the map. Small, when you think about it. I am use to a huge open world game, like Arma and H1Z1. This being said, its still big. I do not play on have very populated server, so running into people is slim.Another slight negative, for some, is no names. When you see someone, there are no icons/names, so knowing if they are friend or foe is hard. Also, when you die/kill, there is no mention of it. You will never know if someone was killed near you or if you killed someone.Loot is properly randomized and spread out. Guns are rare to come across, tools, bullets, equipment and backpacks are next, then food and cloths are easy to find.Crafting is nice, but still slim. You get a basic crafting set, then must find books to read to learn new crafting items. These books are rare.Realism is nice in this. You really need to pay attention and properly focus on your surroundings or you will miss alot.Game is also eriely quiet. I play with speakers and have the sound turned up, but I still cannot hear everything until its upon me. Makes for some poop my pants moments.The devs seem to be alive and ocntinue to improve the game, so if you like the games I mentioned above and prefer a game that brings alot of realism to it, then buy this game."
,Recommended,299740,24132659,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,StickyCucumber,Fun and looks great but players need more to do and less grinding for crafting
,Recommended,299740,24783029,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NECRONISMS,"Although there tends to be a little bit of a shaky start and sometimes files are corrupted (easily fixed, just googled the issues), I'm glad I bought this game first and took some time to compare these reviews to that of DayZ, which has apparently become infamous for KOS players and not as many freed up servers. Also, it cost less and it's definitely worth it. I've played for at least three hours straight literally just walking around and getting accustomed to the environment and controls, and I can't say how many times I caught myself jumping at the slightest sound (howl or snarl alike).While I'd love to try DayZ and other games like that, I'll be sticking to this one for a while. I don't want my gaming experience to be ruined by KOS players, hackers, etc. If I can just sit alone in a server by myself, I don't care. It's fun, immersive, and I have been stuck in the night cycle for a while and I decided to take a break to write this (because holy crap, I'm sick of flinching at the breeze).Only ""cons"" for me is trying to remember my server names for certain characters, but I'm pretty sure that's easily taken care of, and MAYBE the fact it's a little laggy no matter how low the graphics are. I don't mind the drag in the camera (turned motion blur off) or the lack of tips or map."
76561198009431004,Recommended,299740,24899827,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Landers,"I played Dayz Mod when it was first released and i fell in love with the genre.  I then built a new computer to play standalone and racked up over 1200 hours, but to be honest, i have enjoyed Miscreated even more.I think the environmental feel is more realistic.  The debris, the residential areas and the size of the map are condusive to a better experience than Dayz.The community is smaller, but at the same time, that lends itself to more meaningful encounters more often.  I have had positive interaction with people at a much higher rate.  I'm not prone to being sniped from 800 meters from someone you cant even see. Most combat is within short range and usually includes some kind of voice interaction.The base building is great.  I never got into building in Rust and that might be my fault, but the act of finding guides, to be able to build bridges, towers and storage give you a reason to loot areas that would otherwise seem repetitive in other games.Overall, highly recommend.  Download.  Get involved. And send me a message if you have any questions.Landers"
76561198176692807,Recommended,299740,25389799,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sully Courage,Absolutely the best game in the genre!
,Recommended,299740,25401517,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Doggochief,"Nice atmosphere, more stable than Dayz, fun with friends and people actually care to work together before Killing eachother on sight."
,Recommended,299740,25410208,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rage,Great Game for RPAwesome developersWorth getting
,Recommended,299740,26094167,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Grizzoh,It's a really cool game. I think it's fun and the graphics are good. What's really cool is it's fighting mechanics. You can kick and punch which most other survival games don't do that. Usually you can only punch. I don't know why I'm rambling about this but it's an ok game.
,Recommended,299740,26307157,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Izallith,10/10 would run around trying to high five everything again and again.
,Recommended,299740,27449869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thejman09,SAME AS OTHER ZOMBIE GAME
76561198126985633,Recommended,299740,17239013,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,PLANET X,Dont wait till its done do it now its awesome and fun!!
,Recommended,299740,26101879,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Tad Ghostal,"Fantastic game!.... it's in alpha at this stage but has all the bones for a spectacular game. Did i mention how STUNNING  this game looks? well.. it's beautiful. the map is great, it has regular updates, the weather/atmospheric effects are super effective... anyhow.. it's well worth the price .... pick it up already! :)"
76561198174165261,Recommended,299740,26271329,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lassesh,"great game with good gameplay, looks good,often new things but a little problem: YOU CAN´T TRUST ANYONE!!!"
76561198010359971,Recommended,299740,26271853,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kivvi88,This is a very awesome game. Alot of stuff to do. Alot of updates coming very fast and not to far from each other. And each patch do always bring in something big and something new to do. I'v been playing for a few houndred hours and i'm still loving it. Best survival game there is out there today and yah there is a few bugs here and there but they do update and fix them real fast. Love it and will keep playing it :)
,Recommended,299740,26271881,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,justinaking91,This game is amazing the devs are constantly updating the game and they get rid of cheaters and hackers fast. Overall this game is going to be the best open world survival game out there!
76561198273438882,Recommended,299740,26271891,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vani,"Ive been playing for some months now and just recently got over the big 500+ hours played.I gotta say, with the quick work with new content, there is never a dull moment. I love the game! A must buy for someone who likes survival! ^^"
76561198340284140,Recommended,299740,26271910,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,justinaking92,The best open world survival game out there H1Z1 and Day Z have nothing on it. The graphics are amazing and the level of detail is above any game out there!
76561198137250678,Recommended,299740,26306897,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Doh,You know It's the best gameI've ever seen
76561198155110341,Recommended,299740,26307770,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nobi1,good game..i hope you guy keep on update this game
,Recommended,299740,16377245,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sombre,"At first i thought there was nothing to do but then i found a weird looking dude, he didnt talk much and was really agresive, also he had a weird player model but i decided to put that apart and so i decided to follow him and he led me to guns and♥♥♥♥♥♥ we became good bros and then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ came and killed him, i followed the dude back to his hideout where he had a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i looted it and then i killed him and then i realized he was a father of two and that my friend was a mutant so then i decided to kill myself feeling a lot of regret...anyway great game 10/10 would do that again"
76561197969609228,Recommended,299740,17175433,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dumblins,"The game has potential but its alpha state makes it less ""valuable"". All I've seen so far is long road, players killing each others, no real teamwork here even less with strangers, the inventory option is not user-friendly at all...I know it's just an alpha state and I keep that in mind. The game looks great, the 3rd and 1st views are a nice feature, the fact that you need specific things to run a car or stuff like that is also a nice feature.Overall, I give it more cons than pros BUT I'm sure it'll be way better as the development goes."
,Recommended,299740,21353666,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kuyajt,"So ""copy easyanticheat.exe to system directory"" failed? i just bought the game had 2 hours then this happened ---Ok so i solved by full uninstall and reinstall <- didnt work. You need to restart the comp then it will work.love this game now"
,Recommended,299740,21370607,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,KeenDreams,"First hour playingToo scared to loot houses because a Zombie had surprise attacked me out of the shadows.Running out of water, food.Hear an ATV. Freak out and duck into the brush.Someone types "" Is anyone here""It's too dark to see in the dark, but I'm too scared to be seen with a flashlight.I panic.I type that I'm new, starving, and will die within seconds if I do not have water.We determine that we're both friendly.He drops a Water Bottle. I am 14% health. I thank him for saving me.I need to meet my brother. He says he's in a town I never have heard of.The ATV man says that he doesn't know where it is, but that we'll find it together.He tells me that he can tell I'm Canadian. We laugh. He jokes that he should kill me.I believe him.He laughs.Most of the ride on the back of the ATV is spent in silence as I look around at the twilight - I guess it added to the sense of realism..It's not like you can clearly hear people while going full-speed on the highway. It takes about ten minutes.I get to my destination.He screams "" YOU'VE GOT A ZOMBIE BEHIND YOU!""I run around in circles. I don't know what else to do. I get on the back of his ATV again.He drives away, but for some reason I jump off.Zombie kills me.I feel bad that he spent all this time driving me somewhere only for me to die at my destination.I log off.Thanks ATV man from Finland. I'm sorry."
,Recommended,299740,21560931,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,philrock,This and The Withering are the best zombie apocolypse survial games in my opinion.
,Recommended,299740,24137453,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,WHO DAT IS?,Fun game for the friends and family 10/10
,Recommended,299740,24140143,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,10000 dollar fidget spinner,First try on the game -Just spawned and saw a guy with some nice gear he gave me food and drink and even melee weapon! We chated a little bit he gave me some tips n stuff.After he left  1 minute later crazy guy with car drived me over.Best game ever!Community is realy nice in this game though
,Recommended,299740,24716204,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Carlos,-Met french guy-I Said hello-He said Hello-Met another french guy-We go on an adventure-We recruit another guy-Random troll attacks-We shoot him-Guy we recruited dies by ladder.-I left to mourn his death. And to eat some food.10/10 would mourn while eating again.
,Recommended,299740,24889787,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Git Gud Weeb,"Played 2.4 hours today, and by god do I like this game.Within these 2.4 hours, I had about 3 fun encounters with other players.Funniest one:- Found 2 Players- They held me hostage on the street (I put up my hands)- They forced me to take of my trousers and complemeted my package.- I got on my knee's with my hands up and prayed to them as my gods.- We laughed for a while as I did some derpy movements.- They made me strip then I ran away- They shortly found me and killed me.1st one:- Found 2 players- Asked if friendly- They didn't respond- One tried to bat me to death- With potato aim and my shotgun it took me 10 shots to kill him- His friend comes round saying ""You killed my friend""- Whilst I run trying to shoot at him with the remaining pistol bullets I have.- He catches up with me and axe's me to death.10/10 Would die again.2nd one:- Found 2 more players- We stuck together for a while and went looting- We find there 3rd mate- The 3rd group member kills me from behind- I never fealt so betrayed.On a serious note, this game touches on amazing graphics and attention to detail in all aspects. I have not been in a fog storm or tornado yet but I do luck forward to it.Along with the possible roleplaying that I seem to of encountered it is a very fun game to play.I don't even care when I die because I am currently still exploring the map and happy to bump into new players."
76561198120398931,Recommended,299740,24937731,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dick Kick'em,"This game has changed from a toddler to a post-puberty teen. I looked at this game about a year and a half ago or mabey 2  years ago and thought this game was the one of those sh*tty DayZ rip offs that make you want to vomit, But these devs really, really care about this game and built it into a marvelous, beautiful  game. The game has an indepth map, great graphics, and just about anyone can play with max graphics and run quite well. The community is great.As of yet little to no 12 year olds and alot less KOS people. This game still needs some tweaks but the devs are on it, constanly bringing us new content and patches.8.9/10"
,Recommended,299740,24945267,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,dank bonkripper78,"Its very good to be in the Alpha stages, but a game like this should make it to where you can disable some of the effects like shadows for instance which can cuase alot of frame lag even if you have met the minimum requirements. My PC has 6GB ram and runs it fine even without the graphics card so for a game like this to be able to run great on low end computers is a great game and worth the money."
76561198000409547,Recommended,299740,25397115,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vaagobert,"It's a really nice game, looking forward to further improvements! Also, if you're having problems with the resolution with Windows 10; go to your display settings, and make sure that your display is shown on 100% instead of 125%."
,Recommended,299740,25449394,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RockingMP,"Great game! Its got its glitches and issues, but what game dosent? Its beautiful, and the perfect mix of scary, challenging, and additive. I would very much recomend this game to people who love a beautiful game, with a challenge, but yet openness to it. If you loved the original DayZ you'll love this game"
,Recommended,299740,26088687,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ErikS,"So to start out my first minute in the game. Immediately spawn in behind 2 players, start following them and try to communicate, after about 3 minutes they notice me following them and they tell me the mic button, we start talking and one introduces himself as the commander. While talking a random player runs up and starts punching all of us. In the middle of the fight I accidentally drop my flashlight. Unable to find it after chasing off the random player we start traveling and looting, the entire time I am running around blind with no flashlight. All of us are fairly new and end up hearing a mutant in the distance. Mutant takes me down to about 30% health and i spend all of our travels to the airfield with low health. We get to the airfield and move down into the base. We start taking fire from a sniper on the roof top, all the sudden one of our 3 takes a shot to the head and immediatly dies and is never to be seen again. RIP. As soon as the sniper fire hits 4 more low gear players come out of the woodworks and joins us. We end up no longer taking fire and move out. We spend the next hour looting everything in the base and head north. Crossing one of the fields there is a base in the woods that appeared to be clear, we start crossing the field. As soon as the 6 of us take fire Commander starts shooting back and shouts at me ""Run Survivor, Run!"" I start running. As i was the only one without a rifle or weapon I get to the woodline. I look back at the ambush and see 2 cars circling my crew and 2 snipers shooting at them. I see  people get run over and the rest still shooting and running. Eventually the battle ends and all 5 of the crew end up dead leaving me the last survivor. Commander and the members sacrificed themselves for me to continue on.10/10 would run with the commander again. RIP."
,Recommended,299740,26270754,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Poopapotomus,"This game is the best of all the early access survival games I've tried. That's include Dayz SA, Breaking Point mod for Arma 3, and Ark. It's not without it's faults, but I can definitely recommend this game to anyone that enjoys this type of gameplay.First off, as you can tell in the videos and pictures, the game is gorgeous. It uses the CryEngine, so it kind of has to. On my old AMD rig (fx 6350 @ 3.9, 16gb ddr3, gtx 970) I was running a solid 60fps no problem. Now with my Intel build (same gpu, same amount of ram, i5 6600k @ 3.5) it runs well over 90fps with minimal stutter. HOWEVER, this game has some pretty intense stuttering. Running from one town to another, you'll feel the frames stuttering for half a second at a time every 20 to 30 seconds just out of nowhere. I've changed graphics settings multiple times and nothing has fixed it yet, but I'm sure with more optimization, it will clear up.The world is very immersive. When I play Dayz and walk through Chernaurus, I never see things that make me think I'm living in a dead world. Sure there's busted up cars and no people, but that's it. On Miscreated, you're constantly seeing skeletons, trashed homes, body bags littering the streets, and trash piled up in mountains around dumpsters and behind buildings. Immersion is an important factor in games like this, and Miscreated knocks it out of the park.The map is maybe a quarter or a third the size of Chernaurus. To some people, this might not be a good thing, but for me, I like it. It takes less time to find worthwhile gear, therefore if I die, it's not as a big of a letdown as it is on Dayz or something similar. All the major loot spots take an average of 15 minutes to get to from being a fresh spawn.My favorite part however is that there is little micromanagement to worry about. I hate how Dayz (I know I'm referencing it a lot, but these games are not that similar, just bear with me) has so many little things to worry about. You have to keep your character fed, hydrated, healthy, watch their body temperature, ect. Not to mention if you step off a ladder from two feet you'll break a leg. It's just too much to deal with. It makes the game seem like less of a game and more of a bother. This game however, you just keep your character fed, hydrated, and watch your health. That's it, and I hope it doesn't change.I won't go too in depth on base building as that's never been my thing really, but it is nice to have a fairly well fleshed out base building system. Storage is a bit of an issue for some people, but I feel it's nice for balance.As for cons, there's not much here. The stuttering is an issue, but it hasn't gotten worse since I got the game months ago, and there's been several patches, so I feel like if anything it will get better. I dislike people getting geared and killing fresh spawns, but that's just a by-product of this type of game, nothing the devs can do. Sometimes the base building is kind of finnicky and requires a lot of work to get a piece to sit right since there is no snapping. Cars and tents are limited to a certain active amount per server, so if a clan gets a hold of most of them, you have little chance of getting one for yourself unless you break into their base and steal them.Anyway, I feel this game is worth a purchase. Even at full price, you can get your money's worth if you enjoy this type of gameplay, but it does go on sale quite often."
,Recommended,299740,26523965,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SionDion,"Ok so my review after 500 Hours experience----------------------------------------------Amazing game if you have friends to play with, raid and purge with, people in this game have trust issues (IM NOT SURPISED), if your lucky you will meet friendly people to roam with and maybe build a base.Pros1) Great Graphics2) Large range of Guns,Ammo,Meele weapons3) Large number of vehicles to find or steal...4) Large map with many cities :)Cons1) Always spawn in south of map2) Some bugs where headshots dont 100% work3) Hostile Players4) RAGE when die.... LOLOverall 8/10 and will continue to waste my life on this game :D"
76561198176023975,Recommended,299740,21391333,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mcpeek81,"If you love zombie/survival games you need to check this one out. Small but, awesome dev team. Frequent updates and it runs smooth. Won't leave you out to dry like the Fat Turds who made H1aids1, who decided to split a game half. Then charge you for both parts. So now for 40$ you get to unfinished POS demo's. TLDR: Buy the game, its what you've been looking for."
,Recommended,299740,21588762,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,snowflake,"Started in the woods in the darkFound a zombie, punched zombie, tore shirt for ragsChased in to a gas station by another zombieAccidentily tore pants into ragsCant pick up anything. new serverSpawned in daytime, in a townFound a hammer and some foodHear foot steps, quickly turn around!! oh NO!!Wild psychopath appears! uses shotgunDead...MEH RAVIOLIS!!10/11 BETTER than Dayz, would die alone pantless any dayI have played 200+/- hours in Dayz, can count the people i ran into on 'FULL' servers on 1 hand the entire time. 30 mins in and this game has sucked me in, i really feel part of the world"
76561198204485784,Recommended,299740,21639136,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,(ALPHA) short,"Day 1:went on game earlier and logged onFound a red headband and pretended to be a ninjastood on a roof and dropped canned corn on peoplefell off roof and diedrespawned and got in a truck with a survivorgot out the truck while movingdid a mutant sacrafice to the corn godssaid ""im batman"" in a deep voice to people until they ranran after them saying ""TAKE MY CORN""someone took my corni was free of the corn curse10/10 would be a corn ninja again.Day 2:Found yellow bike helmet :)Found bag and filled it with drinksFound An AWSOME BIKEBiked through Sultan Shouting ""IM MR FROSTY COME BUY AN ICE CREAM OR DRINK!""A guy shows himself wearing All Stars-Close enough i thinkI start shouting ""DAMN DANIEL!""His Friend comes along and i see his sandlesBefore i can help myself i shout ""WHAT ARE THOSE?!""His mate gets a shotgun out...I bike away as fast as my little bike would carry me.""IM SORRY BUT NO WHIPPED CREAM ON YOUR ICE CREAM FOR YOU TWO!"" i shout.Ride through the undergrowth but get shot down.Mr Frosty is out of buisness :(10/10 would scream : ""DAMN DANIEL"" and ""WHAT ARE THOSE?!"" again"
,Recommended,299740,21790675,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Magic_Squirrel csgolive.com,i  love this game i would recommend it to others but i dislike that there is no single player
76561198016499678,Recommended,299740,24136116,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PAIN,i enjoy the game its worth its money
,Recommended,299740,24244506,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tekkenest,"Very nice game, fun an exiting even when playing solo.."
76561198118752967,Recommended,299740,24717763,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,†,Probably the best survival game out there.10/10.
,Recommended,299740,24769329,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,NuMaprinz,ehem let me tell you a story... Spawned ... played with friends for days ... had gunfights.... no death counts straight streek and then.... i got killed by a ladder ... then i got killed by a fence... than i got lured into trap and got killed by a guy who had a hachet while i had M4... i killed people.... alot of them... 100+kill on my count but.... i got killed by a bike this time....
,Recommended,299740,24866320,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,rhyme,"Reason why i love this game is, You meet alot of people that you can talk with or trade etc etc. If you like doing Roleplay things just like me, then there are some servers that have that and believe me it's really good."
76561198190934526,Recommended,299740,25078055,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,mr. bro t1 nick,lol love nice game !! :D
,Recommended,299740,25120881,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SaltDaWoundz,Only fault I can find in this game is that you can't join the same server you just left and either have to remember what exact server it was or just start all over again.
76561198046835013,Recommended,299740,25448024,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,NL_Hazmax,"Love this game way more than Day Z or any other survival zombie games. It has amazing graphics and is greatly optimized. Ultra settings looks amazing, and the sound design is awesome. Survival gameplay and looting is very well spaced out and the shooting is fairly realistic.Overall 8.7/10"
,Recommended,299740,29734976,Posted: 5 February,all,🔫Sgt 🆂Ⓜ️🅰🆂🅷,Probably the best survival game on steam
76561198172060067,Recommended,299740,29524370,Posted: 27 January,all,UaE.BosS,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,299740,24100199,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[NFG] RSTV.GAMING,I bought this when it was on sale if it had the population h1z1 had it would be more enjoyable. Graphics are pretty good.  I'll play this once population increases if it ever does. Hard to bring a clan on  a low pop game.
,Recommended,299740,28642484,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Phil Collins,"Miscreated looks like any other open world zombie survival but I think it does it best. Genuine devs, fun community, and quality gameplay and graphics make it one of my better purchases ive made on Steam. Very underrated. Buy it"
,Recommended,299740,29350241,Posted: 18 January,all,D.Jay,I love this game!still waiting for the update #45 <3
76561198081534025,Recommended,299740,29507603,Posted: 26 January,all,xoxasmarley,"+Best survival hardcore game there is.+Updates every month.+Good graphics.+Ambient is incredible.+Really immersive gameplay.+Good framerates.Just wait for:-more storage-Base building fix (to remove flying bases)-more attachments for weapons +update (Recently they added reflex sight and silencers)+update (recently they added new guns and scopes for most of the weapons, added vests and helmets too.)-more players per server +update (Recently they added 50 slot servers capacity)-more and better AI.Best survival game I ever played, thx Entrada Interactive!+update is the new things they added to the game, so I updated my review too"
,Recommended,299740,17538202,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Oladioss,"Awesome game, I've got to say I was nervous after I purchased and read some of the reviews others have left but this game is very, very good. There is room for improvement but what others have to remember is the game is still young. The only dislike that is really annoying at the moment is the servers. It takes a very long time to actually get in the server you want (you'll find you stick to one server because of base building). Speed the server up and this game can really go far."
,Recommended,299740,29059112,Posted: 6 January,all,NohnDoe,needs to fix buggy fall damage
76561198255126973,Recommended,299740,30237027,Posted: 28 February,all,MADJAU,Do u want to waste your time with a fancy way ?... the best game i've ever played !!!:D
76561198353494942,Recommended,299740,30281974,Posted: 2 March,all,harveyblencoe,amazing game however can be quit slow at times
76561198177354833,Recommended,299740,32991076,Posted: 29 June,all,FunGuh,Buy it now
76561198213752144,Recommended,299740,32381764,Posted: 12 June,all,FIS Floyd Zappelin,can't wait to see more :)
,Recommended,299740,30861809,Posted: 31 March,all,Big Al,This game is really good
76561198257258865,Recommended,299740,30863221,Posted: 31 March,all,WizzBangBoom,Damn good game.. Runs well on many systems and offers a consistantly entertaining survival in which requires a little tweaking (running speed) but otherwise.. A BRILLIANT game!! :D
76561198103818613,Recommended,299740,32621445,Posted: 21 June,all,FlippyNips,"FYI this is my first review on Steam.TL;DR - it's surpisingly amazing, don't shun it becase it's a zombie survival game. It doesn't represent the DayZ side of the genre, it represents what it should have been.Honestly, this game was one of the most surprising purchases I have ever made on Steam, and especially within early access.Of course it is yet another zombie survival game in early access, but so many things about this game makes it so much more than that, and there are some things you can't pinpoint as to why that is.But there are some things you can pinpoint, and here they are:- The world in this game is so fully realised. DayZ doesn't even close to the atmosphere the environement and surroundings give off in this game. You really feel like you're in a lived in, overgrown and desicrated post-apocalyptic island. The Cities are vast, the countriside is beautiful, yet all of it has this sad and alluring aura because it feels and looks like a place people actually lived in.- This game has enough depth in it to be interesting and realistic, yet it doesn't throw you into the deep end with it. These complex mechanics and interesting details are there for you to discover, but not necessary. The game is well balanced, you will find food and drink easily, and you will find yourself a weapon with relative ease. This for me is what DayZ is missing. This game manages to nail that accessibility mixed with complexity without scaring off the player or just being too damn hard.- My player interaction has been fantastic. The community is great so far, having met a number of friendly players and a number of bandits. There's a good mix here, and what I LOVE, is the whistle feature, where you can whistle as an emote to other players. It's made some really interesting events, and I've used it to lure out bandits before.- The game runs like a DREAM. For an early access game it is extremely impressive, with no difference in framerate if i'm in the biggest cities or an open field. It's always buttery smooth.Any problems with the game?- the only thing that bugs me at the moment is that the footstep sounds are a little off, sometimes you'll think there is someone walking right next to you when there's no one there, it's led to some serious paranoria.I could go on and on. But honestly I have had more fun in the 7 hours that flew by in this so far than I did in the 40 odd hours I spent jogging around searching for one can of beans in DayZ. For me, this game is what zombie survival games should be like, and I think it's worth giving it a shot, because this doesn't represent the tired genre at all, and it deserves a chance.One last thing, if you want an example of the kind of atmosphere i'm talking about, here's a story: I was in the largest city at night for the first time, thunderstruck by the size of the buildings and the density of it. I found a hotel that I wondered into, because there were lights coming from it and a loud noise. This was the first time i'd seen electricity running in the game. So I wondered in and discovered a player had turned on the generator operting the lights of the building, and the elavator was working. So I took the elavator up to the 9th floor, checking corners and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself thinking i was about to get jumped on. I cleared the 9th floor and thought it was odd that no one was there. All of a sudden the lights shut off, and I was plunged into literal pitch black; someone had turned off the generator.. I whipped out my torch and flickered it on and off to see where i was without drawing too much attention. ... I got out alive in the end, but needed new trousers and underwear..."
76561198151017629,Recommended,299740,30109655,Posted: 22 February,all,Hilary Rosen,Great game! I've sat there playing this for hours and it never gets old
,Recommended,299740,31052055,Posted: 9 April,all,Enrique,Not enough excitement in the game. It has the worst death cap screen. Still it is worth to play for about 50 hours.
,Recommended,299740,28453290,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Frog,One of the more fun Dayz clones. Highly Recomend
76561198058834797,Not Recommended,299740,35416147,Posted: 2 October,all,CosmicWaves,I loved this game at first it showed alot of promise and it ran great I even got 6+ friends to buy this game and to play with. Now years and years later this game as decreased in performance and devs attention to this game have been lacking extremely. There are no real additions to this game that have fufilled the promises from the past. This game has become so stale and slack its depressing to see it in my library.
,Not Recommended,299740,33206650,Posted: 3 July,all,The Roach,"The pace of the game is unnecessarily repetitive and boring due to the absence of several features that are common in other survival games. for starters game has no map, no directional indicators, and no auto run. Weapons and ammo don't often spawn near each other and are incredibly scarce,When I am running, it seems like my character lowers his weapon at random times making it difficult to react as quickly as I want to when I need it.Game has potential but in it's current form it is absolute trash."
,Not Recommended,299740,33391634,Posted: 8 July,all,Kenshiro,"This may be a good game, but I won't play it.  I don't really care if it's for development reasons or for money, there's no excuse for not releasing a dedicated server version of this after 4+ years in development.It's wonderfull that steam sell's this game @ 50% off so that you can buy 4 copies, what they don't bother to tell you is that if you can't run this as a dedicated server, so you either have to play on someone elses hosted server, or pay more money to purchase a hosted server to play on.   So why would I buy 4 copies of it????No excuse at all for not allowing a local SP game or a local MP game; my recommendation, pass on this and buy 7D2D or The Forest."
,Not Recommended,299740,35403473,Posted: 1 October,all,Kraken,Seems as though the game has been abandoned. Hasn't had an update in 2 months and no new news about any upcoming updates either. Game is stale in its current state.
,Not Recommended,299740,34837943,Posted: 9 September,all,Reaper,"This game is kinda unfinished, It need more work and effort to put in."
76561198157215934,Not Recommended,299740,30415092,Posted: 9 March,all,cernil,"For PvP players make sense for base builders not, because it is too early access for trusting game and investing time to buiding something. Game is perfect to make you happy but also to make you soo depressed. If I will buy it again now? Definitely not. In future, yes. For me negative things are bigger tham positive as far as I am regularly loosing equipment from base, even if there was no attack and access. Maybe some cheater who can jump 6m high :-)"
,Recommended,299740,21990876,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ni!,"This game has been in Alpha for awhile... will it ever be more than it is? Not sure. Fun game though. Still no storage, so surviving is just what you have with you or if you aquire a vehicle."
76561198036825267,Recommended,299740,25189773,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Amadaus,It's slowly but surely getting better.
,Recommended,299740,22547363,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ran,"Tried car for the first time, flipped off.10/10"
76561198130216985,Recommended,299740,26330092,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr Nekk,"Honestly I don't know how to feel about this game. At the time being it is good, but it has certain systems in place that really make the game look like a snake that's eating itself. Here's a list of reasons why.1) People are incredibly unfriendly, and for good reason as killing people for their items is far more lucrative than actually going out into the world and taking 2-4 hours of your life to gather those things yourself.2) Base building is tedious and far too removed from the base (see what I did here?) experience. In my 44 hours I have only been able to make two bases, because they are so hard to build. Not only do you need the prerequisite items for gathering materials like the hammer and axe, which are pretty scarce, but you also need to find blueprints for specific base items which are even scarcer and dare I say impossible to find. I haven't found one guide on how to build base parts, why make models for items if players are practically going to be cut off from them?3) Loot is ridiculous. As I said there are essential items that you need that are really hard to find. When you loot an entire town and only find one gun, something is wrong with your looting system.4) Cars. Cars and basically every single vehicle besides a bike are ridiculous in the way they are aquired. If you are lucky enough to even find a vehicle, which is pretty rare, it will be stripped naked of every single one of it's components, Spark Plugs, Drive Belt, Car Battery, Fuel, oil, and ALL wheels. So guess what now? You have to use the horrible loot system to find these materials, good luck. It's not impossible, but it is extremely difficult.5) The game never wants you to be safe. Now this could be something that's admirable to some, but honestly it's annoying as all hell. Say you actually by some grace of god are able to build a fully functional base, YOU ONLY GET ONE PUNY LITTLE STORAGE BOX FOR THAT BASE. The game only wants you to have the experience of running around scared for your life, which is fun for a little bit, but get's old when 50 year old texas men tell you to ""get down on the ground boy"" before killing you and taking everything you have just spent 6 hours of your life getting, it's ridiculous. I get it the game is ""hardcore edgy XD"" but for the love of god, divy up the game experience a little. There should be moments of peace and quiet, but no you always must live in fear. You may even think you are slick and try to build your base inside a house or cave or radio tower or somewhere the texas hillbilly's can't get you, however the game now totally prevents you from doing this. You may only live in the wide open forest.For a game that seems to pride itself on being realistic, it seems to take quite a few hits to realism in order to make itself ""hardcore"". It's not realistic to limit people to one puny storage box, it's not realistic to spend an hour to loot an entire town and only find one gun, it's not realistic to have cars be so scarce and be stripped of literally every single one of their components, it's not realistic to not allow people to build their bases wherever they want, and all just to make the experience ""hardcore"" for the player. The game wants you to keep the experience of scarcity and running around for your life so much so that it will get in your way and force it to happen. Let people play the way they want.Despite all of the things I said, I still have fun in the game, even if the experience never really changes from running around scared for your life stuff."
76561198031068641,Recommended,299740,25103865,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Don Bayne,Gets better every update. Best $10 I've spent on a survival game.
76561198093878297,Recommended,299740,25311405,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Acri,"Great game! I remember when I first spawned in the game. It was midnight, dark and foggy as hell. Noticed I had nothing but basic clothes and a flashlight. I started to think about the mutants that roam the land and I have to say...those first moments were quite scary. I saw one mutant in the distance but I didn't have the nerve to go closer :DCrossed a bridge and I noticed a small creepy looking house in the woods. I thought about going in to explore but then the thought of a flesh eating zombie lurking in came into my mind and I decided to continue my travel along the road. Eventually I got shot on a rooftop.That first night in the game was very atmospheric and an amazing experience. After a few deaths I got better and managed to get my hands on some decent equipment. A full set of army clothes, and a big backpack. Shotgun and a pistol with a good amount of ammo. Talked and helped some people, got shot at, even built a tiny base where I placed backup weapons.And then I decided to climb on a waterfall. Stared down at the small pond where the water fell and well...decided to jump. And I died. Took some time away from the game but I've been playing on and off every now and then. This thing is worth the money, I recommend :)"
,Recommended,299740,25950315,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,tehbyron,Looks better and runs better than DayZ. What DayZ should have been from the get go. It's in Alpha so there are some bugs but looking forward to the future with such a solid foundation.
76561198060326928,Recommended,299740,25985563,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ϟϟ,"If you're looking for a positive review, then you're in the wrong place, HOWEVER, if you're here for a tremendous chicken Stir Fry recipe, THEN LOOK NO FURTHER!- Serves 4- 10 mins to prepare and 10 mins to cook- 325 calories / serving- HealthyINGREDIENTS:- 1 orange, zested and juiced- 2tbsp soy sauce- 2tbsp sesame oil- 250g (8oz) tender stem broccoli- 5cm (2in) piece root ginger- 1tbsp sunflower oil- 1 garlic clove, finely sliced- 1 red pepper, deseeded and thinly sliced- 150g Straight To Wok Noodles- 400g (13oz) chicken fillet, cut into thin slicesMETHODStep 1 - Mix together the orange zest and juice, soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.Step 2 - Blanch the broccoli in boiling water for 2 minutes, then drain well and set aside.Step 3 - Finely shred the ginger. Then heat a large frying pan or wok, add the sunflower oil, heat it until sizzling, and fry the ginger till it's crisp.Step 4 - When it's done, remove with a slotted spoon. Add the chicken and garlic, and stir-fry until just browned. Remove the meat using a slotted spoon and set aside.Step 5 - Add the red pepper and broccoli and stir-fry for around 2-3 minutes until it's just tender. Add the soy sauce mixture, bring it to the boil then return the chicken to the pan and heat through. Serve with noodles."
,Recommended,299740,24105324,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Denis DC 2920,So Cool <3 Good Game :)
,Recommended,299740,25453521,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,American Doggo,"this game is great. ive played dayz, h1z1, 7 days to die, and all that crap. first of all, the atmosphere is priceless, just beautiful. this survival game is so much further ahead of these other zombie games. this game is amazing and i would recommend this to anyone interested in any zombie game. 10/10. love it"
76561198165299088,Recommended,299740,25725838,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Spooky Spookington,This is one of the best survial games i have ever played! Amazing graphics a bautiful map filled with so much to explore. Zombies do not overrun towns and places such as other games but when you do find a zombie on your travels it will do a lot of damage. The cars are amazing and most people i have met have been really friendly and he even given me a ride! There is so much more i need to explore as i only have 12 hours but so far it's amazing! Ignore all the negative reviews most of them are from before the game had a massive update. 10/10 buy it if you are into survival. Also way better than H1Z1 and Dayz!
76561198024342128,Recommended,299740,22559626,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Spoochies,"Why the Negative Reviews?Hater:This game doesnt have a storage Box.game Devs: I see any problems besides that gameplay,graphics?Hater:No man the game is beatiful and♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing gameplay.Game Devs: ......... i see so the only thing you hate about the game is the storage box?Hater: Yeah it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks we cant storage our♥♥♥♥♥♥H1Z1 and Dayz have them.Game Devs: The difference between H1Z1,Dayz and us its that we listen to people we put the best gameplay possible,not overpriced our game and split into 2 games.Hater: ♥♥♥♥ you man storage box for the win boy going back to the glitchy buggy Dayz and maybe Cashgrab H1Z1 NEGATIVE REVIEW.so clearly the problem is a storage box not gameplay graphics UI not a storage box well this just proved that the majority of the community on H1Z1 and Dayz are a bunch of butthurts who cant store their own♥♥♥♥♥♥and giving this game a bad review oh man gotta love the community,"
76561197987551312,Recommended,299740,22609634,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Lithium,Purchased this game very long time ago. DIdnt have to much to play around with. Have recently come back to see its had some major updates and it is really starting to come along. This dev team deservers more credit.Beautiful looking game ( Probably one of the nicest EA games ive seen so far ). The Weather System is amazing ( Its not half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) More players Need to Drop H1z1 and Dayz and take a look at this game.
76561198053695074,Recommended,299740,22077138,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mr Spits,SAW MY BEST FRIEND GET SHOT 5 TIME 10/10 would do nothing to save him again
,Recommended,299740,22546723,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Napierliam1991,"Log in to serverfind gungun has no ammolook for ammofind ammo but for a different gunwalk outsideget shot, lose all your progress and gear10/10would lose my gear anytime"
,Recommended,299740,25234672,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dolphindann,"you can pick up a chicken by the legs and carry it on your journey, or trade it for a baseball bat like i did. 11/10"
76561198030412816,Recommended,299740,22600043,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Spunj,I play dayz since 2012 and with only 2 hours playtime I am starting to think it's better. This game has the potential to be the Dayz killer if the devs add more stuff and some quests (could be fun i guess)
,Recommended,299740,22605971,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,stabby,Searched for my friend for 40 minutes finally found him he killed me rip that was the end of our friendship. +rep good game
,Recommended,299740,13036612,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Yah dassru,"great game..,but I think the people who compare this game to dayz is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥retardddd, cuz dayz is not finish yet! fowkin woankers"
,Recommended,299740,22812770,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,HIC0M,You can hide in bushes...
,Recommended,299740,21245370,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mr Watson,Very good game work in progress however for an alpha very well put together if you like games like dayz you will love this
,Recommended,299740,21306718,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blaze_E6,"so far i have to say im loving the game, some simple things could be better IE reload but ive had a blast playing"
,Recommended,299740,25023558,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Barbz,"Having played both DayZ standalone and H1Z1 i've had the most fun with miscreated. Its a good price for what you get, seems to be continually developed at a good pace (unlike the others!). Nice and simple for noobs, maps a decent size, not to big like the hiking simulator that is DayZ. Its a lot of fun, if your into this sort of thing give it a go!"
76561198089891819,Recommended,299740,25028362,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jus Sum DIcK,"Better than day z, this game is amazing and a great work in progress. Definitely one of the best open world games yet even for being such an under the radar game."
76561198079656862,Recommended,299740,25436444,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Childish Sadbino,Took 4 hours getting a car.Friend threw empty bottle at it.It exploded and killed us both.gg   11/10(Game is actually really fun despite the bugs)
,Recommended,299740,21240893,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ALEXCRAZY8,"Positives:Good Graphics,Awesome Building,Friendly community! (In this game shooting on sight is rare, usually you can roleplay)Many vehicules and awesome vehicule system (Cars,trucks ,bikes,boats and even tractors)You need to actually look in cuboards and on counters to find loot. It isnt just boxes or loot scattered on the floor,Caves,Powerful Npc's (Wolves and Zombies are somewhat strong)Awesome weather effects that look Real (Tornado,rain and lightning)Ammo is precious, (leads to less KOS)Good crafting system,PVP is good in this game,Map is beautiful and hides many secrets,Negatives:The Melee is kinda bad,Not many guns,Some gun models look strange,The controls are so random, ( can be fixed if you assign your own keys)Map is small,7/10Still Better Then DayZ"
76561198171525474,Recommended,299740,21327948,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kaeru,Fun game ! quite a friendly community. Worth every buck :)
,Recommended,299740,21340107,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Granpa,"Just started so still a newb,great game looking forward to updates, it's very immersive and at night a little scary.Looks amazing with the cry engine most people i've met so far have been very helpful and the devs seem fully committed, so far i recommend this game."
76561198074377213,Recommended,299740,23934405,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bulldog695,great fun
,Recommended,299740,24140610,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,1stFG | James Brock,"80% of negative reviews, people who died and got triggered.20% of negative reviews, people who have some constructive criticism on the game.Game is and always was underated."
,Recommended,299740,24980803,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mac,This game has had a year less of development so far and outperforms DayZ in every single way!
,Recommended,299740,25385750,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,It's Justin,"As soon as I finish my GCSEs, this is what I'm gonna be playing.Nice community and great gameplay, cannot wait for the end of June!Keep it up Devs <3"
76561198256926056,Recommended,299740,25446442,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,OddyNuff,this game is a great investment. a year from now this game is going to be HUGE so get it now while its in alpha.
,Recommended,299740,26674584,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,thescrub,Good
,Recommended,299740,15225881,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SebioC,this game is awesome...for a Early Access I'm very impressed.100% Recommended
,Recommended,299740,17258152,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ZOMBKEEZY,it just got real and with clans and base building patch......... it's about to get realler
,Recommended,299740,21307610,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/EasyPeasyRO,Best Survival game ever.
,Recommended,299740,24116209,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lil Morty,Outstanding level of detail for a game in Early Access.
,Recommended,299740,24246068,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PuurPleAcIID,Joined A Server.Saw 2 Other Players.Found Out They Were Friendly.We All Agreed To Head To The Airfield.Went In A House And Found Another Friendly Person.Continued To The Airfield.Got To The Airfield.We Were Fighting Off Mutants.Found More Players.They Had Weapons.They Tried To Kill Us.They Killed Us.Respawned.11/10 I really love this game. Most of the players you come across are friendlly. There are also quite alot of players that play it. I HIGHLY suggest you get this game it's worth every cent.
,Recommended,299740,24924089,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Captain Chip Skylark,"Awesome game , way more friendly than DayZ"
,Recommended,299740,26271923,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sky,"This game is awesome , im loving it i play it everyday and i can definitly see progress on the development side and you can tell the game is being worked on constantly .all i can say is Thumbs up 9/10i even bought the game on another account thats how mutch fun im having on my server and on miscreated.come join us inhttp://sasunity.com/page/index.htmlwe have a 24/7 admin support and great community"
76561197974315887,Recommended,299740,16067248,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Yurizle,Absolutely amazing graphics and very fluid game play and actions. Wish more people played this because this could be it. Hopefully the guys are going to continue working on this game. It's very good!!!
76561198044511250,Recommended,299740,21328975,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,BilboBaginHoes,Has potential ....
,Recommended,299740,21357475,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MaKham,"-I met a guy in town and he said ""i'm friendly""-he told me there is some equipment in the house-I get in that house and noticed that this house is completely empty-he hit me with the axe-I ran away to the forest-and died of bleeding10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,299740,24908727,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BloodyNomad,Best Hardcore Survival  game that u can have sofar its very adictive and ppls act in this game like a low life A-holes u will love it :D  cos u will start acting  same way :D afteer u playee mor than 30H  :D and its a good way to get a PTSD :D
,Recommended,299740,24946029,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,UnityFPS h1z1swap.com,"Miscrated is a 1st/3rd person post apocalyiptic zombie (mutant) survival though the real threat are the fellow players. Tyhis game is very well rounded and has a great gameplay. I am going to go through pros and cons.Pros//-The mapThe map is very very well laid out with every town easily linked by basically one road making it easy for new                      players to find civilisation-LootingAlot of people say ammo and guns are extremely hard to find. Wrong, they are just looking in the wrong places. Guns and ammo spawn in the weirdest smallest place in the building as long as passnger seats of cars-PvpThis games pvp is good and bad. It used to be one shot head shot, any gun, any distance, which was REALLY nice. But now its 2-4 head shots which i do not like-Very friendly communityIf you come across other players they will most likely be very friendly which is very nice. I know i am.-GraphicsThis games graphics could win an oscar if possibleCons//-BOATS!The vehicle the boat isnt worth the time at all. Very buggy and has killed me and my friend mltiple times. Please refund my 2 snipers and 3 at-15 (jk)-Main menu.The main menu is very simple and kind of ugly tbh. Please refine it and make it look nicer with something other than a black backround.-StuckThere are few places you can get stuck on the map but when you encounter them you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Well, theres my review. Please add me if you like this game i REALLY NEED people to play with, or find me on the  ""ARSEgaming"" server I would  HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLYYYYY reccomend"
76561198231712240,Recommended,299740,25375856,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zapper™,Awesome game! Really enjoying the game.
76561198108029880,Recommended,299740,17323423,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MrJuvenile,"amazing... i really thought this would be a really crappy game but it is so ♥♥♥♥ing good!  there is a real aspect of survival and you actually feel like you are in a zombie apocalypse!  the map is quite big if you are running everywhere like me xD vehicles are hard to find and are often in parts so you need to fix them up. guns are quite rare, not alot of people have them, but once you get one you can hold people up and go to the airfield to get better loot... i think the map could be bigger and better because i have learnt the map so easy afetr a few hours of gameplay and get bored after seeing the same towns and houses after a while... i think more guns and backpacks should be added, along with the map being extended and big cities put in the map.. but i guess these will come over time scene as it is still really early, i advise you to get this game as you will not regret it and have will lots of fun!  sometimes people are friendly depending on how much loot they have and if they have a gun xD"
,Recommended,299740,15972293,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,'Chills,"Amazing game! its a must buy for all online survival fans, great graphics and community!"
76561197988129966,Recommended,299740,22849213,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Bosco,"this game is a work in progess, the devs seem active and keen to keep players updated. check out the website for info on future updates and features -http://miscreatedgame.com/below is a quick video to give you and idea of what you are getting. in the video i say that i do not recomend it, but lets be clear. do i like this game? yes i do. if you dont have dayz or any of the other mirad of zombie survival games then this is worth a look, especially if you can get it on sale. hope the vid helps.https://youtu.be/QirD1HfjCHM"
76561198401812087,Not Recommended,299740,34460285,Posted: 24 August,all,T3X,"Well where does one start with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game... At first it was so awesome and new like a cute little puppy! Well now after about 1000hours lol it has turned into a monster. So you think the devs care about the game.... wrong, you try to give your honest thoughts on the game well they deleted your comments. Oh also if you are in their discord server and you disagree with anything they are doing or anything that someone says.... well you get banned for it lmao.. These guys are dumb.. I mean in their minds its like well instead of fixing the game and making it run better and make this work that they broke, well we will just come out with new shoes, football helmets and a bunch of BS instead. Oh ya also the hackers lol, they have told me, and them being the devs, that they dont care about hackers because the game is not done... ALSO I was told that even though we (you and I) buy the game we are not customers of theirs because the game is not done... now WTF is that right there.. This game is going down, down, down. Really it has become a joke if you want the real straight up truth. BTW this is my 3rd account I have for this game so thats why is doenst show the 900+ hours played. I guess all in all, buy at your own risk but I wouldnt even bother with this trash."
76561198173637035,Not Recommended,299740,35061588,Posted: 19 September,all,EdenFrank,After playing and grinding after countless hour of being shot on site I took it apon me and my mate to help people put with meds and gear for those other unfortunate people who had been shot and were fresh spawns. Only problem is that anyone with a gun will one sidely open fire immediately with no warning and you will lose everything. THe only time people will be friendly is when they have no weapon to kill you with. I want to play this game but its the people in it that make me refuse to make others buy this game.
,Not Recommended,299740,33480573,Posted: 12 July,all,ChocoSoupMallow,"I like this game, but its just feels different for me.Pros:Controls are alrightGraphics are greatSounds are greatLooting is fairly simple, like dayz but more interactiveCons:Feels like you're in space whenever you fall or jump from a certain heightWeapons feel unbalancedMutants take TONS of HP awayPlayers can glitch out and become invisibleFPS can drop really low because of a serverLag is an issue too, usually its the serverIts a great game but other than that I really dont reccommend it"
76561198354364663,Not Recommended,299740,34593902,Posted: 29 August,all,123,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,299740,33192118,Posted: 3 July,all,f1x;0,Disappointing
,Not Recommended,299740,33565967,Posted: 15 July,all,Lewk`,"I would have recommended this game a few years ago when it came out. Decent survival game, open world. But seems that development is going backwards instead of forward.. Countless issues. I've literally never been able to play the game without encountering at least one problem. A year ago for instance where the game was literally unplayable for AMD machines. Today after not picking up the game for months, I decided to check it out to see what the developers have changed about it. Nope. Spent almost an hour getting kicked out of servers with no error. Countless times... Join a server, 10 minute load screen, jump in, blackscreen for two minutes (HUD is there, screen is black).. finally the game loads.. am able to briefly walk around for not even a minute until I'm returned to the main lobby without an explanation. Say whatever, load up another server. Same F***Cking thing. Over and over again. Google search for possible solutions, of course to no avail. It's sad that this game was at it's prime when it was first released. At a point in time I would have definitely recommended this to any fans of the survival/dayZ genre, hence my hours, but now I definitely would not recommend this game at it's current state. Even at the sale price. It's sad to see a game with such potential gradually get worse overtime, shouldn't the point of an early access be that it gets improved and updated? Stop adding damn features to the game and work on the actual FUNCTIONALITY. It may seem silly to give a bad review just based on an experience I had today, but over the years nothing has changed. We get it's early access but when the game has been unplayable for as long as you know. There's a F**cking problem. Fix this horsesh*t & i'll change my review/rant over"
76561198027041850,Not Recommended,299740,34684334,Posted: 2 September,all,Stanzzy,"Sadly I can't recommend this game. While initially captivating with it's very impressive graphics, the game is very empty- the map is simply too big for the small number of players the servers allow which sometimes results in 2-3 if not more hour stretches of not encountering a live soul, and when you do encounter someone chances are they will try to kill you without saying a word.RDM is a problem in this game, but then there is not much else to do once you've explored the map and got decent gear because the base building system is so bland and awkward. Hackers go unpunished, it's not uncommon for a session of looting for 3 hours to end abruptly with a single bullet to the back of your head without even seeing where it comes from.I wish I could recommend this game but it's flawed by nature; an aimless walking simulator with PVP. Survival is pretty much a non-feature, food and water are never a real problem, neither are the mutants. Only other players and games like PUBG are much better at the loot and fight genre."
76561198279185142,Recommended,299740,33908976,Posted: 30 July,all,Knitler,"Such an amazing game. The graphics are so realistic, the gaeplay is amazing, and the playing quality is just great! When I first started playing, I didnt know if it was the game for me. But once I really started playing it, I realized that it was more than just another zombie survival game. Its an experience! The game is so underrated though. Its not advertised well enough. So not many people know about it. If the creators advertised it more, I think this game could be the next big hit on Steam for Survival Games!"
76561197972660326,Not Recommended,299740,34577897,Posted: 29 August,all,Fokis,"I bought this game a while ago and really enjoyed it in it's early stages (I have somewhere near 200 hours).  I recommended it to at least ten people who nearly all bought it and loved it.  But Entrada Interactive & team (assuming Terry Evan's)  refuse to listen to reviews/feedfback.After the apparent 'reset'  on 08/27/17, I came back to see if base building and loot have been addressed.  I spawned in Brightmoore and noticed a massive base built across the main road, blocking the entire road.  Next up was a huge base floating over the river by the bridge from Brightmoore to Hayward.  Went through 10+ buildings in Brightmoore and found nothing.  Hardly any loot, no weapons, no vehicles, and servers full of unregulated base building that make it near impossible to be immersed in such an amazing looking environment.People have been complaining about base building for over a year now.  Entrada Interactive and Terry Evan's do nothing about it.Don't get Dean Halled!  Avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,299740,33444468,Posted: 10 July,all,Emily-Rose,"I picked this game up a little while back purely because a friend of mine worked on it. I played it a little (got chased around by some guy with a knife), killed him and that was that. I decided to try this game out again and was unfortunately disapointed.The game looks great (minus the fog) and it is noticably less buggy than Day Z from what I've seen. That's where the positives end.There isn't anything particularly wrong with the game, it's just boring. I've played for a little over an hour tonight hoping to find the magic about this game that everyone else found and nope nothing. Atmosphere was great, quite scary during rainfall or when you find some sort of underground bunker. I didn't find a single ""mutant"" though. What am I surviving against? Nothing it seems like. The most fun I had during this last hour was when I found a player, he told me he hates girls and just killed me.If you really want to pick this game up then wait for a sale (it seems to be on sale quite often to be honest). This game is better than DayZ but that's like saying that anal cancer is better than full blown aids, both are still pretty crap.To be honest, if you want a fun survival game (as I said in my very short DayZ review), download Unturned, It's free and if you can get over the graphics then you'll find yourself having fun for a few short hours at least.Oh, also before I forget...#FREEPIOTR#PIOTRDIDNOTHINGWRONG"
,Not Recommended,299740,35151844,Posted: 23 September,all,NestyG,"This game has potential, but right now it's garbage.Let me just tell you my most recent experience after not having played for a year in hopes that the game would've gotten updated enough to be at least enjoyable...I spawn right next to a player base, I decide to go and visit, there doesn't seem to be anyone so I get closer and knock on the door, hear some noises but no one answers. So I move around the house and get poisoned (no idea that was a thing) and knock on an other door, again no answer, I then move away and someone starts shooting at me. He misses me 10+ times. I was standing still waiting for him to just kill me (he probably missed because the gameplay is utter garbage in this game). At that point he realizes I don't have any gear so he comes up to me and shoots me in the head.I respawn near a city and start looting, found almost nothing except for a bat, I move to a different city, hear a noise, investigate, find a player, panic, start running, I then see he has no guns and see that he is bleeding, I offer him rags... he insults me and leaves.Move to the market followed by a Mutant, I decide to corner it and start beating it, after 20 hits he is still standing fine while I've taken only 4 hits. I hit him an other 5+ times and he still wont budge, so I start wondering if I should just run away... he hits me 1 more time and I die... alt+F4.Pros:Good graphics and meh environment.Cons:GlitchyThe cities are all the same except for oneThere is nothing to visit or worth visitingNot enough loot or interesting things to lootKOS communityMutants are too rare and too powerfulNo end game goals or gameplayWalking simulatorWhat could be done to fix it:Make Mutants less rare and strong, making them much more fun and a threat only in large quantities.MORE LOOT, especially guns... Ever wonder why the community is KOS-oriented? Cause if you die you lose HOURS upon HOURS of progress. Having more guns is a guranteed fix for such a thing, as not shooting someone as soon as you see them will have less consequences.Make cities bigger, with more builings, especially things like hospitals/medical centres, police/firefighter stations and military outposts(cause you know THERE ARE F*CKING MUTANTS AROUND!).Have a currency system and a city with some sort of trader(ever wonder why DayZ Epoch style games are the most played in this genre of games?)Have A.I. missions(ever wonder why DayZ Epoch style games are the most played in this genre of games?)Make forests more interesting, add stuff, I don't care what, just don't make it boring as f*ck as it is now.All in all I strongly advise to NOT buy this game untill the developers understand what they want to do with this game and actually do it."
,Recommended,299740,12703172,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,RODE_85,"I recommend for sure if you like DayZ. I've played for 2.4 hours so far finding food, drinks, hats, clothes and a hatchet. I killed one guy with my fists when he attacked me first. I saw some friendly people that didn't have anything so I went my way and ended up getting killed by a guy I ran into that had a pistol. This games graphics are beautfiul and runs very smooth for me. Had a couple servers crash on me, but no game breaker for me sense game was just released and it's in alpha. I can't stand the people that ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about brand new games that were just released and they know it's in alpha. Thank you devs I really appreciate the game and your hard work."
,Recommended,299740,16348825,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[BSG] Forsaken Spirit,"This game is worth buying. It may have its small glitches but hey, it's early access and extremely  fun with a group. 10/10 would recommend <3"
76561198003394279,Recommended,299740,24178565,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,65Roses,"Ok , i never liked survival games at all , but i honesly love this one ..Get it"
76561198256359656,Recommended,299740,22235383,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Recalebrator,awesome game but i have 1 problem i play for like 2 mins then it stucks then when i press any key then it closes that game plz i need help
,Recommended,299740,25368844,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Super Stalin Buu,Amazing game that keeps on giving! 10/10 Please keep working hard devs we love your amazing work that you continue to deliver. If you do decide to buy please join me and my friends on our server!The Radiation Zone RP/No KOS/ADMINSWe are on daily!!! Have fun out there!
,Recommended,299740,22210762,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Death,"Great game, still in development and getting better every patch."
76561197970783822,Recommended,299740,26609458,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Cur,"Perfect in between of DayZ and H1Z1,  smooth instead of clunky like Dayz but not Arcadey / unbelievable / full of hackers like H1Z1.Base building is pretty much free form so you can make an incredibly wide range of base designs.Has it's bugs and glitches but with patches every 2 weeks most of them are resolved in a timely manner.I recommend this!"
,Recommended,299740,22881315,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Arrygon,after tried dayz and miscreated I decided to support the second development team.have not rational explanation just a good feeling that developers of miscreated doing more honest work.this game(developers) promising a lot and  I believe that.
76561198021471400,Recommended,299740,25372155,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZESMA,What DayZ should of been.
,Recommended,299740,22516304,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Etrius,"This game is EA so of course there are problems and this is a fairly small team of people working on this title so content is a little slow in coming out.That being said this game is finally to a point where its getting really fun to play and with the stuff they have coming to the game soon it will only get better. Right now this is the only EA survival game i have installed and its the only one i need.Only reason to wait on buying this game now would be that there is no storage system, so building a base is nice and all but there not much point cause you cant build storage chests. Only items on your person will save on log out. BUT with there new AI and net code systems coming online storage containers are one of there top priorities!My ratings.Graphics: 9/10 (its amazing but not perfect)Sound: 6/10 (This could use a lot of work IMO, i dont like the gun sounds AT ALL and some sounds will just not play when other SFX are going off. bugs i assume)Gameplay 7.5/10 (only 7.5 cause it is fun dont get me wrong but things a survival game should have are still missing but thats what there new AI and net code will fix. Once those are fixed it will probably be a 8.5 or even a 9 for me cause every thing else is already there for this to be great, just need that storage and hunting systems in!)Overall: 7.5 (Its a good game that just needs a few more things to make it amazing. If you have any doubts about this game, i would say pick it up when its on sale and just try it out, very fun and you will see that the game is always moving forwards. All be it slowly, i believe it will still be one of the best survival games near the end of 2016)"
,Recommended,299740,25442095,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Werdism@Twitch,"Been playing this a lot recently since Battlefield 1 beta went offline.. I've seen some popular survivor gamers on twitch play this and thought it looked ok but never gave it a chance until the $10 sale.. BUY IT!! It does have some bugs and glitches that need worked out but overall it is honestly the hardest but most rewarding survival game I've played.. Movement/gameplay is amazing the gunplay/shooting needs some work it does feel clunky but overall it's still very fun.. For the price you can't beat it and the game does grow on you over time trust me.. I haven't even claimed land/built a base to store items or gotten a vehicle yet to roam the map.. Once I get to that point with friends the game will only get better! Not knowing the map adds to the thrill but overall it's pretty well done and yeah loot does NOT come easy, it adds to the thrill of the fight when♥♥♥♥♥♥actually does go down! The game is not for the weak or people with no patience that's for sure so pass on it if that's how you are (no offense just true).."
76561198215958599,Recommended,299740,22064698,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Magnus1359,"Dear Miscreated Team, i played your game for awhile and now i would like to name my opinion i will also give you some things what you could change/add.I really like this game the ideas the graphics are for a game what is still in the alpha version pretty good it is really priceless what is good there are not much bugs and everything in game is doing well. BUT there are still much things to do like*The serverlist is too little so it is unreadible the letters are too little so the serverlist should be bigger*The Spawnrate forr monsters should be bigger for harder ggame it is a bit too easy. There should also come t´diffrent  types of monsters like crawle,runner who are faster than normal mutants...* There also should be more textures for mutants/players* a bigger map because if much players are on there could be space problems*(if there is i am sorry and i did not know) A map what you could find* sea with islands*boats*airdropsso dear miscreated  team there are very much things to do i hope i could help with my review and dear miscreated players i wish you luck with the surving."
,Recommended,299740,25096823,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rov,At the moment I prefer this over dayz.
,Recommended,299740,16472697,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Giddygoon,"This is early access, so my review is based on what's there, not on what's not.Within the first 5 minutes of playing, I fell in love with the world.  Everything is very detailed, and feels optimized as I haven't seen any drops in FPS.  It was worth the price just for exploration.  You can find games with bigger worlds, but this one doesn't have the huge expanses of nothing that you need to travel through just to get anywhere.  So, while it is smallish, it doesn't feel that way.There are what look to be mutants instead of zombies, and they seem to travel in packs.  I've encounted a couple, and was brought down to 20% health with a couple of hits, so it does teach you respect early on.Loot seems easy to find, though I haven't seen a huge variety of items.The big thing was that the people who play seemed a bit nicer than in other games.  You still get your banditry, but I've only had one KOS experience in the few days I've been playing, which is a big difference from H1Z1.If you're on the fence on this one, I'd say go for it.  I've had it on my wishlist for months and when I finally got it, I was pleasantly surprised."
76561198208483844,Recommended,299740,17277346,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,NAXLink,"This is pretty much like the DayZ standalone, but waaay better! The graphics are nicer/better optimized, there are only a few bugs so far, great to play with friends, can be ♥♥♥♥ scary at times, yet fun at the same time. Overall the game is great! My only niggles that i have about the game is that you cannot create a private server, the game is server based (long load/server join times), the mutants/zombies are OP...awaaaay OP and you can only use/repair certain vehicles. It is defenitely worth the purchase. Get some friends to play with and build a base!"
,Recommended,299740,21080044,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,overflex,the best! the best survival game i have ever played :3 recommend 100% <3
76561198009912330,Recommended,299740,21258102,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,GhOsT,The best survival game i have ever played. ive been looking for something for a long time that i just keep wanting to come back to and this is it.
,Recommended,299740,21272468,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr. Thistabut,"This game has come forward leaps and boundsmaybe not so much with the game play but with stability and the community.When i first played, joining a server was enough of a challenge and running round on your own with 10 super strong  zombies  on your tail was only so much fun, but the zombies are easier to kill and the players are awesome and i feel that a equal amount of people i meet are either play for:GoodBanditryor♥♥♥♥ers that pretend to be your friend and then when they have a gun things change.but i like that about the game, never knowing who your going to bump into. Maybe they will throw a bandage and canteen at you or maybe they will fill you with lead, iv not spent much time in day-z, and its possibly a very different game but when playing this game i hear people saying that it doesn't feel as clunky and that its better, i don't know why its not my comparison to make but all in if your looking for a good survival game where you either enjoy playing the good the bad or the ♥♥♥♥y then this offers a good platform to do that."
76561198117494367,Recommended,299740,21308338,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,BAKA AKA NOT NICE,boys this is the real deal
76561198109066487,Recommended,299740,21311219,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Coconut Head,"random: Ayy you friendly m8?me: ""Flips middle finger""random: ...me: ""shoots stranger with a rifle""I now have a pink beanie"
,Recommended,299740,21312479,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sturmenjager,Bought this game in the 4-pack for me and my buddies since it was on sale. My friends and I love it so far! You will get a sense of fear as you try to sneak by zombies while avoiding other players in the early game. It is overall very stable and I would highly recomend to anyone who likes games like H1Z1 or DayZ! Ecpecially when its only TEN BUCKS!!!!
,Recommended,299740,21315361,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mr_Jynx ☣,h1 who?
76561198315266160,Recommended,299740,24146063,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Darkn3ssAbid3s2,MAN o man is this game great!!!! Might need a little more loot and mutants but hey Its definitely worth the money!!!
76561198124063286,Recommended,299740,16082243,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,tmineman,I wouldn't buy this game now because it's in Alpha and has lots of glitches but otherwise it's pretty good!
,Recommended,299740,16250344,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,VermiX Gaming,"This is a GREAT game. Please read this before you consider not getting this game.This game is still in Early Alpha, and it has many flaws, but for a new game, it is going in the right direction. It's a great game.Pros:-The community is MUCH friendlier than DayZ or most other survival games.-The controls are SO MUCH SIMPLER than survival games like DayZ-Fun.-HUGE MAP-Lots of hidden places-NO HACKERS :DDDDDDDDDDDDCons:-Still in early alpha, so it is underdeveloped-Most of the houses follow the same layout. They are too repetitive-Some invisible walls near mountains-Day/Night cycle is WAY TOO LONG/MOST OF THE TIME BREAKS-Too many zombies randomly spawning late.-Zombies are too fast. They should be balanced. You should make them a slow jog speed. Change it up from DayZ, because I HATE DAYZ zombie speeds.-It is REALLY hard to get a car, and when you rejoin, sometimes your car breaks.-Your inventory goes missing on occasion when you rejoin-THE SERVERS ARE REALLY BAD/DON'T WORK. (I found the fix to that though)IF YOUR GAME WONT CONNECT TO A SERVER, THIS SEEMED TO FIX MINE.All you have to do is keep trying to join the server. It always works for me. It usually works after the third try. I don't know why this fixes it, but it does for some reason."
76561198084708669,Recommended,299740,17082022,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Mr.Hemiroids,This is an excellent game. It's a lot like DayZ 7 Days to Die and The Forest. Only difference is though this game succeeds in areas where these games have falling short. This game more closely represents DayZ and H1Z1. The difference is though it's so much more polished graphically it's excellent there is plenty of loot. The game is a survival game but it doesn't lose fun or entertainment for the survival aspect very well balanced between the two. Instead of zombies there are mutants. They're not overpowers or overwhelming like in Dayz. This game also receives meaningful and regular updates. I purchased DayZ the day it was released I wish I would've known about this one sooner and saved myself some money. I wish more people knew about this game it's excellent. If you're looking for a H1Z1 or DayZ experience but want one that's not so broken and enjoyable you would be missing out to not pick this one up.
76561198020881055,Recommended,299740,21140108,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,0Neko,"Great game! I feel this game is the ""hidden gem"" ... only problem... because its so hidden... not many people play. (Hopefully this changes) and like any other base building game - you want Storage Containers - and those are not available yet. (again, hopefully soon.) Overall review: would recommend game. :)"
,Recommended,299740,21263409,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[ZSU] ScottyDontNZ,Really enjoying it so far. Just wish the Aussie servers had more players when I'm on.
76561198011880514,Recommended,299740,21270306,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Napalm2009,"This game has a lot of potential. There is a lot that could be improved. Examples such as Hunting for food, Storage system. Maybe some advancements to the UI. After doing a little bit of research i have seen the developers are working hard on bringing those things into the game. I would recommend this game to people who enjoy the survival aspect with base building. I would not recommend this game to those who can not live with a few bugs and incomplete features. All in all, great job so far. Can't wait to see full release."
76561198001189474,Recommended,299740,21276186,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Etn,Uwsame (Y)
76561198188558486,Recommended,299740,21937454,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,EastTexasCooper,Great game! Wonderful atmosphere. Good game play. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,299740,23704378,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KJM,A very fun game that is an alternative to Day Z even though the Devs are not active right now
,Recommended,299740,21268251,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CrazyEd,"There is a lot to like about this game, great visuals, runs decently, huge potential that will make it a winner if the devs do it right (and so far I think they have)To be honest my single biggest complaint is the melee combat which lacks ""feel"", if I swing a fire axe at someone, it should feel far more satisfying when it connects.That being said the firearm combat is good.The looting system is great, I like the natural way items are located.It has a number of little bugs and glitches, which is to be expected, but so far no show stoppers or crashes, so that's a plus.I'm excited to see what the future holds for this title."
76561198031111347,Recommended,299740,26332264,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,|FA| eZZzZ,bought miscreatedate dog foodfound slippersdiedgg
76561198213102881,Recommended,299740,20977722,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,AustinTylers,"Only played about 5 hours of this game but I beleive thats enough for a decent review .Pros: -Good dev team that actually works on improving the game!!!!- Decent AI , better than most zombie surval games , still needs work though- Great graphics- Good in game voice communication, if people actually use it- Good map with different settingsCons - not enough weapon loot you will spend most your time trying to find a gun!!!- Small player count on servers-  some Fps drops in citiesOverall i reccomend this game and i can tell you its only going to get better if the Dev team continues working on it as they have with the consistant updates."
76561197970080475,Not Recommended,299740,33594955,Posted: 16 July,all,Wolf Darkspear,"Didnt like it, found it very boring and not much fun."
,Not Recommended,299740,33067531,Posted: 30 June,all,-StarNiight! ★,"This game is totallyBETA!- Game without map / radar- There is no compass- Creation of clan very poorly done, cannot invite by a name- The player name doesn't appear- Menu Craft / inventory primitive- Very strange PVP / PVE, attacks on back- Small item diversity+ Good Graphics+ Organizational+ Great World+ Large spaces+ Good attempt to create a city"
76561198033922758,Not Recommended,299740,34789891,Posted: 7 September,all,SneakyDude,"Game is ok and not ok, lots of things needs to be fixed, adjusted. I just find the controls very clunky for todays games. Will rewrite review down the road, when it is more complete."
,Not Recommended,299740,33108824,Posted: 1 July,all,savingmeg,"At this point, I do not recommend this game for anyone that doesn't have hours upon hours to dedicate to it.When I first tried to join a server I was kicked immediately because ""the server was full"" but when I clicked on it there were 42 out of 50 players in it.. So how is that ""full""..?Then I had to mess with the graphics because it was all jacked up, and it took me 15 minutes to get it to where I could see something clearly.. So that was super unfortunate considering it was made with Cryengine.. I am not happy with how this game played, even though I am aware it's early access and that there is a disclaimer on it..It takes a really long time to find anything.. It also doesn't show you how to craft anything, and in the two hours I played it, I was wandering around trying to find my friend.. Once we found each other and started looting together, we couldn't even figure out how to craft something. I don't think that at this point this game is worth it.Maybe sometime in the future, but I will not be purchasing it again."
76561198329437372,Not Recommended,299740,35021801,Posted: 17 September,all,lostboyz,This game is beautiful i will give it that but it suffers from one of the absolutey aggrovating game mechanics out there.Lack of storage. You can go out for an hour or two and have enough loot to fill up both of your maximum of TWO storage crates. Yes thats right once you build a base you can only have 2 Storage containers. Both of which dont actually hold that much. You are constantly having to make decisions on what to keep and drop. You can also use tents you can find around the world to store stuff in but you have to find one and there are only so many that spawn in the world and are hard to find. Its worse while your trying to build or add onto your base because you need to store and save up materials to build with. The building mechanics are also just terrible. Building pieces dont snap and arent designed very well at all. If youve played rust or ark and then try building in this game you will be very dissapointed. Its a shame really because the game looks amazing. its one of my favorites for graphics. Atmosphere is out of this world sometimes with mist and sunlight. Ambient sound is also great. The gunplay is also great. All of this makes the first point even more agrovating. Ive stopped playing it for this reason. If they ever get it sorterd out i would play this all the time.
76561197976320518,Not Recommended,299740,33560260,Posted: 15 July,all,Warrian[NL],"As it is very similar to other games in this genre, but not very renewing and didn't make me feel like playing it.I would not recommend this to others.You cannot expect immersion with all games, but some immersion should be there to enable a fun gaming experience.One word, boring."
76561198089539671,Not Recommended,299740,31736083,Posted: 13 May,all,DaveyJones562,"The game, in it's current state is complete dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's very unlikely that you will survive entering a town or home without finding a weapon first... and with at least 5-8 attempts, was only able to make it through a single enemy with barely surviving. In it's current state I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,299740,32056173,Posted: 29 May,all,Bug3131,Over the years this game has been getting better and better and ive spent a lot of hours enjoying the game i came from Dayz and this game instantly clicked with me because unlike Dayz this takes a lot less time to get geared up. The developers are constantly updating the game and if you are not sure about buying Miscreated  just wait for a sale they usually have them.
76561198182024227,Recommended,299740,25091444,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jbrasseye1,"Great game, that can only get better and better as it develops."
,Recommended,299740,22503772,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,PotatoB,+ nice graphics+ amazing and unique basebuilding- mediocre gunplay- lacks basic features in this state of developement-small map / small number of maximum players per serverProbably the most underappreciated survival game on the market. And maybe the one with the most potential.But too early to buy and freely enjoy.Have to give it a thumbs up even tho it think you should wait with the buy if you expect a satisfying gaming experience
,Recommended,299740,25546596,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,♈ℂℛℍᏕ₸ǾṦ_Ťℌᙀ,izi game:D
76561198209828037,Recommended,299740,25090324,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Shmokey,"Wow...had a lengthly reveiw on the go with cons n pros but just read the update #38 details and it seems most of the stuff I had problems with will be fixed! This game and it's devs diserve much more attention!Lots of KOS players so be warned but when you do run into a group of friendly survivors the adventure that follows is bound to be fulfilling!For an alpha it is totally worth the money!Looks great, sounds great, plays great, tastes great...tis some good♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10"
,Recommended,299740,21891832,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,☭ Soviet Lizard ☭,"OkSo here is my review of the game after playing it for some timeThe game is somewhere between dayz and h1z1 , it has a good combat system and a cool building systemThe graphics are greatMost players i met where really nice and friendly , but there are always russians (no offence)If you want to ask more about the game , just add me and ask2 number 9 and a number 9 large"
76561198153799997,Recommended,299740,16541216,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,StaleCheeto,Why are your guns sounding like kittens ♥♥♥♥ing sneezing you dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥??
76561198107059821,Recommended,299740,21232387,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GwPhilip,It's a very good game i love it ;D
,Recommended,299740,21259631,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,WISARD,"-be me-spawned in pitch dark, help!-managed somehow to find a house and a helmet-afer 30 mins into the game, I figure out how to use a flashlight-start vigorously looting, running from mutants-find an abandoned army base-shotgun, revolver, axe, hunting knife, basically a full camo-one dude tries to backreap me, while I decide between green and brown gloves-360 axe him to the face-feels good man, time to build a base-see a nice little forest on top of a hill, perfect place for my watchtower-I decide to slide down the hillside, because shortcut-""You Died!""-cry-cry some moreOther than that, 8/10 game. Really enjoyed the outdoors. Zero action lag, very well optimized.A brief in game tutorial might come handy :)"
,Recommended,299740,21139953,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Miska,"Worth buying when it is $10 dollars.Guns: Common inside buildingsAmmo: Right next to the gunCare: RarePlayers: mostly KOS but few were friendlyBase Building: EasyGraphics: Depends on machine, mine is recommended, not badEnvironment Setups: An island, some buildings&cities(Not as big as Dayz's)Loot appearance: Acceptable, but not as realistic as Dayz because they are too smallHacks: Never witnessed oneServers: ping around 70~100(Washington, US), character data is not share among serversBugs: never experienced onceOverall rating: 7/10command: The game is still developing, give it some times and let it shine for its own legacy."
76561198105484718,Recommended,299740,21286113,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Amanerd55,"This has been a really awesome game to play and got me into survival games, the graphice are great and the sound effects are on point. I always enjoy playing, and i can't wait to see what you guys come up with next."
,Recommended,299740,25474943,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr. Nice Guy,"This game is 100 times better than DayZ. It runs better, less glitches but it is still in alpha so give it time, graphics are fantastic, and the controls are easy! #1 game in my library, no competition. Would definitely purchase again, especially if this company made another game. #Update. This game is fantastic don't get me wrong. The servers are extremely annoying. I got on a server right? raided all these houses and what not. By one of the houses was a fully armored truck. I was like okay lemme see what it needs. It needed nothing shockingly. Obviously someone left it. I'm like.. I'm gonna take it. So now.. I have a armored truck... Good weapons with ammo... And! I'm fully decked out in camo. I'm like okay lemme spice things up. Imma go into a city and see if I can hold some people up. So I drive this armored truck in the middle of the city honking my horn you know trying to get attention. I heard someone start talking so I stopped right? Well then... I was kicked back to the server browser. I'm like wtf?... I try rejoining that same server. I finally load in... guess what? Spawn in water XD.... rejoined again... spawned in water... rejoined again... spawned in water. Thanks for the♥♥♥♥♥♥servers. Here's the best part. I can't join it but there's 18 people on it XD. Bye bye truck. This game badly needs updates. Or solo or co-op something...****UPDATE**** Not to mention the random times it like to kick you back to the server browser. An example- You're looting the airfield and all the sudden you freeze.. Then you're back at the server browser. It doesn't say anything just kicks you out. No explanation."
,Recommended,299740,15179079,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Io,awesome! :)
,Recommended,299740,17362361,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NeverDiesEver,By far the best Survival MMO. Gameplay is amazing and it's a gorgeous game. Everything is VERY detailed. Every house is almost different in some way. 10/10. The Mutants are way scarier than any zombie.
,Recommended,299740,17512044,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,The Real Donald Trump,"Miscreated is an awesome game. I literally lost my job, my girlfriends, and my car, and now almost my aprtment because of this game. All I can say is watch the video and you will know why. The game is just amazing!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVSGuAnx9xs&google_comment_id=z12gfzmocoj1cxdhe04cdtpwnrecvtay2ig&google_view_type#gpluscomments"
76561198267481248,Recommended,299740,22048493,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ro,miscreated is way better than h1z1 and dayz also devs are not money hungry like h1z1for the players thats saying h1z1 is better gtfo h1z1 is infested with hackers
76561198071642780,Recommended,299740,12705462,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Nickolas the clown,"Really fun game, but very CPU intensive and has a huge amount of FPS issues."
,Recommended,299740,16563949,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kate Ryan,Nice price on summer sale -50%.  Must buy !Beautiful open world.Game has big potential.Mybe better than Dayz?
,Not Recommended,299740,33638465,Posted: 18 July,all,Revolutionizing Asphalt,i would rather shove wire cutters into my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on a heroin withdrawl than spend my money on this game again.
76561198302539963,Not Recommended,299740,34874378,Posted: 10 September,all,modestben,"if you wanna spend 20 dollars on a kos grinding simulator then this is the game for you. spend hours looting just to be killed, betrayed, or bored."
,Recommended,299740,20671867,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MechanicalMike,"Better than DayZ Standalone in terms of content, and better zombies. Struggled with  the servers a bit more than i  would have liked. The community is also heaps and bounds better than DayZ Standalones..."
,Recommended,299740,21114815,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,a single devito,Looks better than DayzRuns better than DayzMuch more fun than DayzMore complete than DayzBetter devs than DayzLess bugs than DayzAll in all a really fun game and i can see myself playing lots more of thisIGNORE THE MIXED REVIEWS AS MOST OF THEM ARE OUTDATED - GIVE THIS GAME A CHANCE ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY
,Recommended,299740,30529190,Posted: 15 March,all,poptart,It's nice to havededicateddevelopers.
76561198058337162,Not Recommended,299740,30433032,Posted: 10 March,all,THOT B GONE,"They need to fix the description.Miscreated is a mulitplayer online looting/PVP simulator set in a post apocalyptic future where people forgot to take care of society and so everything fell apart.Seriously. the first 2 people I came across were harmless. I built a truck after running around an entire town gathering supplies and didn't see a single Mutant(zombie). I drove it all over the place and never ran out of gas. I saw 1 Mutant in the biggest city around. After I had a truck anyone I ran across shot at me but I could just drive away or run them over. I hardly call that hardcore survival.There's no PVE. There's no surviving against mother nature. This is just an online PVP Arena. So like any Arena you'll want to KoS or have the same done to you.After playing for 3.8 hours without dying to anyone, not even a fully equipped guy who I killed with a bow, I can say that this game offers extremely little that other games do not, and at least in other zombie survival games there are zombies that you need to survive from.don't even bother."
,Recommended,299740,21263105,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Steve,Haven't encountered any hackersFriendly communityAll buildings are enterableCavesBase buildingClansGunfightsLooks beautifulBetter than DayZ
76561198128176648,Recommended,299740,22275978,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,yenniyetti,Great survival game. The devs put a lot of work into and listen to its players. Definitely a step up from dayz standalone.
76561198242165614,Recommended,299740,18952088,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,iToxicHD [Horizon],Very Fun with a group:D
,Recommended,299740,18947013,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[MWG]Heisenberg,Very underated game. Gives DayZ a run for its money. When Both DayZ and Miscreated are finished who knows which will come out on top. Buy Miscreated this very second. You will NOT be dissapointed.
76561198200667975,Recommended,299740,20593816,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,rUstyYT,Cool
76561198070887963,Recommended,299740,18206103,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,NeoM,"Very good game, highly recomended if you like H1Z1 or DayZ!"
,Recommended,299740,17411513,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MrPhysicalSky,"I've been playing Miscreated for a quite a good amount of time and i absolutly love it.I've lost count of how many times i've died and how many kills i've got, but all that doesn't matter in the end, when i see the beautiful scenery and environment. The textures, the lighting, the trees, everything is awesome!The gameplay is smooth and straight forward!! Shoot, hit, dead, no lagspikes and there's bullet drop which makes the game a bit more challenging, but it's something you learn by playing.I love the idea of crafting guides scattered around the world so everybody just know the BASIC stuff, instead of everybody building mansions and all that, it gives the game a bit more survival feel to it.Pros:+ Wonderful environment.+ Large areas.+ Smooth multiplayer.+ Looting, mining materials and crafting works great!+ Heart racing when meeting other players (do they, or do they not want to kill you).Cons:- Still som issues that needs resolving.- Graphical bugs, you wont notice.- Quite a long loading time, but for a game this detailed, it's okay.Conclusion:This game is the best buy i've done in a long time, and could pretty much be a gamechanger in the survival genre.Can highly recommend to everybody."
76561198074224450,Recommended,299740,34735756,Posted: 4 September,all,GRABLICH,"(tl;dr)* * *Highly Recommended for full price* * *TEN times BETTER than DayZ or any other survival games on Steam for now(tl;dr)Now let's see positives and negatives:Miscreated(Early Access v0.52)Pros:+All characters are now locked to each server. This means each server you play on saves your character independently.This prevents players from server hoping(this always worried me in DayZ)+Great and very comfortable player controller.+Interaction with world(you can search trashcan,pile of bag etc.)+Minimalistic UI,stand-crouch icon.(PC player will always appreciate it)+NoCrosshair (You have to use Iron Sights if you want to aim precisely)+AMAZING graphics,CryEngine do I need to explain?Game runs smooth.+Well crafted world,finally it looks  post apocalyptic.+Crafting system looks pretty robust+Dark and spooky nights+Creepy and dangerous mutants+You need to watch Radiation+BaseBuilding already in Early Access+Fully functional vehicles+Animation for most action (picking items,searching,drinking,etc.)+Browsing inventory prevents you from moving and it has animation.+Rain and storm looks AWESOME+REAL IN-GAME MAP!!!+SOUNDS not too loud not too quiet(Different places has own unique sounds like sewers,tunels,forest)+Not small or big area,so it suits for every playstyle you want(PvP,PvE)+Places Of Interest (Caves!!,Bunkers,sewers etc.)+WildLife(Wolfs,Deer,Pig,Squirrel) and WE NEED BEAR+Mutant corpses stays on the ground for quite long time+EMPTY AMMO PROJECTILES DROPPING ON THE GROUND!!!Negatives:-Buggy animals and their AI,needs improvement.-There's lot of food cans(Devs mentioned this will change when hunting and fishing will be available)-View of distance is very weak,further objects do not appear due to the performance.-No Prone I hope it gets back.-Stamina is not affected when you run.-Obviously bugs(EarlyAccess)-Switching,pulling out guns is too fast,feels arcade-Lack of survival elements(Rain does not affects player,No need matches for fire,hunting is not necessary too much food cans,fishing is not in game yet)-Its not hard to find FIREARM(they need to be really rare)What I would like to see in future:~Infections and diseases~Mutants being bigger threat to survivor and when they hit you,you may get sick.~Purification of water~More various creatures and mutants~BEAR~More radiated areas~Crocodiles? Hmm?What I'am worried about is that one day BR mode will ruin it.ANYWAY IT'S GREAT(Early Access) GAME AND YOU SHOULD GET IT RIGHT NOW!"
76561198196203833,Not Recommended,299740,34760813,Posted: 5 September,all,smoobies2013,"I have to say that it was fun at the start. Cool concept, lots to explore, PvP... It all gets old real quick. I just can't seem to find interest to play this anymore."
,Recommended,299740,26339877,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,OsoGoodlovin,"This game is very unique. I used to be only a console player. Miscreated was the first game I bought once I got my PC. I've never in my life had my heart racing, hands shaking and palms sweating as i did during intercations in this game. Learning the games ways is relatively simple but if you manage to find a firend or two who know thier way around it makes everything easier, but beware just like in life you can meet cool people there is and you will meet assh*les. I havent ran in to any serious problems during the time ive been playing so far 59hrs. I'm extremely happy with this purchase. Try to survive, die and repeat!"
,Recommended,299740,16365440,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[TFO]bean.exe,i've played less than an hour and I got guts to go on a populated server (I didn't do that on dayz) and truley enjoyed it.10/10
76561198089353314,Recommended,299740,22442561,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ranger,"This game is worth twice the price, and its not even close to being finished. I have no idea why the reviews are mixed.Get it. Play it. Love it."
,Not Recommended,299740,29765110,Posted: 7 February,all,Shadow Moses OG,Miscreated is the prefect name for this game. If DayZ were to eat the game WarZ Survior Series games that were rebooted 20 times in the last two years this would be the turd it let out after.
76561198104434570,Not Recommended,299740,34522190,Posted: 26 August,all,Xynite,Playing solo is so boring ASF. Thought it was a good game since all the reviews are good. But really its bad its basically loot kill or be killed and thats all. Looting is pretty hard tho. Loot as long as you like if you get killed you start again. its basically just that on and on repetative.
76561198057277241,Not Recommended,299740,35101186,Posted: 21 September,all,alxcsb,"Do not waste your money. Gave this quite some time and it's just not interesting enough. Sometimes you wander around for half an hour before you find something more than food and a knife. And when you do find this interesting thing there is nowhere to put it because you haven't come across the only backpack on the map yet. I get the point of the barrenness, but come on. In 17 hours I managed to find one rifle with a few bullets. Big, good looking, athmospheric environment, but just too empty.*EDIT Also, it's the only game that, somehow, pushes my CPU to 75-78 degrees. Not even Aida64 can do that. In that stress test it doesn't go past 62.*EDIT 2 Also, depending on where you live and what time of day you usually play, you'll find that the server time for most servers there is 8pm, which means it's just starting to go dark, which means you can't even enjoy the scenery and you end up dying and getting a pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up jump-scare. Why, devs, is the ♥♥♥♥ing night so long?"
,Recommended,299740,13219140,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Beats,"Miscreated is an amazing game, This game is one of the best games I have invested in and I am very happy to say that I have supported it. Miscreated only has more good to come, the game is based mostly off community suggestions which means if you make a good enough suggestion that most of the community favors it may be added. The developers are very interactive and are always open to suggestions, this is always good in a game. Overall, I think the game is very good and has a ton of potential If you want to support a game I would say support this one.*EDIT* 11/10/2015Recently I have been playing miscreated again to see how far the game has come, I am completely blown away by the progress they have made. The map has gotten much bigger, there is a ton of new loot, and not to mention the vehicles and basebuilding. The graphics have always looked great but with there new lighting it is breath taking, everything from interiors of buildings to plain open feilds looks beautiful. The newely added bunkers and caves add a whole nother dynamic to the game, the dark atmoshperes of the caves and bunkers add a perfect area for some creepy player interaction ;) aswell as some awesome exploration elements to the game. All and all this game is constantly expanding and adding to its already amazing features, If you have the slightest intrest in the game I would suggest picking it up and if you really dont like it then just refund your purchase. See you all ingame <3"
76561198119338661,Recommended,299740,15881480,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,rebelsincebirth,"Miscreated is one of the very best looking Survival Open World games i have seen to date( with the exception of DayZ its Father of course lol) Fun Fun FUN , support this game . it has tons of entertainment value here"
76561198043869852,Recommended,299740,22021944,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,nicemac2,I love this game. Regular updates. Great/scary and beautiful world. Not been into a game this much for years. And yes its still in alpha!.
,Recommended,299740,17331285,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[AIR] Bellzy,"Great Game, just needs more people!!!"
,Recommended,299740,16778707,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Pitstop Head,"5 Good Reasons to Play Miscreated1 - Miscreated is an open world, sandbox, survival game. The world is perhaps one of the most beautiful and detailed in the survival game genre. One of the post impressive aspects to the world design is the narrative. Each location has thought behind it where the ruins of society whisper the stories of the people who once lived there.2 - The map is a good size and what I mean by this is that it's not too large, that ultimately you end up running around too much not getting anywhere, and not too small so that you end up running into bandits within seconds. It has two large cities and some towns as well as a Military base and air strip.3 - The Frames Per Second are excellent. The Cry Engine the game uses is renowned for having good optimisation features. There is little lag, if any, and good graphical options.4 - Base building is being introduced, if it hasn't been already by the time you read this. Lots of games have this but Miscreated is introducing something near to 70 customizable features, each looking amazing and suited to a post apocalyptic environment.5 - The community and developers are active. Support is easy to come by and news is current. It is in an accessible state where people can get involved and make an impact or take their place and actually get to talk to people who know.The Miscreated Website is here:http://miscreatedgame.com/You can buy the game here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/299740/"
,Recommended,299740,30505389,Posted: 14 March,all,CrackerJackBund,"If you crave for a survival game atm, then look no further this game is the one to play.developers actually work on it content and bug fixes happen regualry unlike somezombie survival games out there(wink wink) get the D no more strat getting some m i guess ...."
,Recommended,299740,12722806,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SlurpyDurpy,"So far the game is amazing. For a pre-apha this is fantastic. Amazing engine for this type of game. The game actually has a feel that i always wanted from dayz. Love how its hard to find items and you actually need to look all over the house in order to find stuff. Just hope loot stays this hard to find. And for all things else, only time will show if the devs can provide a good game."
,Not Recommended,299740,31072952,Posted: 10 April,all,Hermey,"Soo i was in my base minding my own buisness... a guy askes me how my base is coming. Procedes to ask if he can come in. i tell him no so he flys over my wall and shoots me. Mind you, im in a floating base and there is no possible way he can get in, until he flew over the side...This game is FILLED with hacks and garbage. Its a phenominal game but the creators fail to fix the exploits and hacks. They would rather update the game and give us wooden bathroom stall and some salt shakers.I have 500 some odd hours in this game and its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i cant even play it without getting killed by hackers....ohhhh.....the dupeing in this game is freaking unreal.   DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO CONSTANTLY BE GRIEFED BY HACKERS AND EXPLOITERS."
,Not Recommended,299740,31391817,Posted: 27 April,all,i am potato,Looks good in pictures but its a boring and empty game
,Recommended,299740,12831139,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Jon Snow,12 hours and still no gun.Would loot again.
76561198033846452,Not Recommended,299740,33582344,Posted: 16 July,all,HaNNiBLe,"I've rewritten this content to be more objective. Ill say simply- There are no craftable spawn points- Gun spawn rates are very low- Very low rate of monster spawnsThese three factors give rise to a series of problems.- Seal clubbing is basically the focus of the game.- Most if not all POI are camped by Seal clubbers making it practically impossible to get going in the game.Causing these other issues.- Makes it almost impossible to get a team of your buddies together.- Basically turns into a walking simulator where you never get to where youre going.Furthermore, you can take bleed damage and not be notified via screen flash or sound. You basically just randomly start bleeding to death is how it is perceived.I will continue to play the game from time to time in hopes of changing this review to a positive one.REMEMBER You have 2 hours to test a game, also be cautious buying the 4 pack as all players must agree to return the game."
76561198058213317,Recommended,299740,12727883,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Swoveman,I think this game has a lot of potential. It feels very solid already for an alpha.
,Recommended,299740,18260896,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,鬼PentaLaw神,"Ok, so now the huge update are coming with 6.1 G downloading space. I can clearly see that these people that work with Miscreated are taking their work serisoly. I look really forward for this game and i think this game will be a great game."
76561198077588337,Recommended,299740,15733146,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BLADE,"If you have a slow internet connection then you can forget about this game. Trust me, this game needs a reliable internet connection or else it's going to be laggy."
,Recommended,299740,28176308,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lt. Nasty Pants,"-Be me, Tuny-Runs around and loots, eats dog food-Finds bike in woods, names it Bikey-Hears car coming fast, so hides with Bikey in the bushes-Car gets out and loots I wait till it's gone-Car drives to next house then stops-Have idea-Say my goodbyes to Bikey-I hop in car-OLordy it has all the parts-I gas it-Owner is POed-Honks horn as I flee with new car-Name it Honkey-I stop with Honkey to check inventory-Hear gunshots-O♥♥♥♥♥herewassomeoneinthebackseat-As they shoot I hop back into Honkey-I manage to run them over-They are saying mean things but i dont care, im rich-Split loot will Honkey, he gets gas I get ammo-We drive off into the sunset"
,Recommended,299740,28152136,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Darlo Games,"Great game, I would totally recommend. You really have to grind for your loot, so there isn't 30 players running around with a gun. Well balanced game 10/10 :D"
76561198180272310,Recommended,299740,28435092,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Phantom,"If you are deciding between this, and DayZ, buy this. The devs at Entrada Interactive are regularly updating Miscreated, and are focused on making it better. As of this review, I have about a day played, and I have enjoyed every second of it."
76561198348664167,Recommended,299740,28934247,Posted: 2 January,all,SpaceCadet,i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a farm girl
76561197987499639,Recommended,299740,28259400,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,classick,"I have to say iam surprised about this game..early access and already amazing..one of the best things are the details on it..windows reflecting the flashlight, rats, dogs and much moreAdding more monsters and fixing the driving it will make it perfect"
,Recommended,299740,28901758,Posted: 1 January,all,cultavix,"Great potential is definitely the headline.Graphics 10/10The graphics engine ""Cryoengine"" really shines in this survival game. The weather effects are probably the best I've ever seen in a video game, the lighting is just breahtaking, it's the first survival game where you actually need to use the flashlight in the right way, the flashlight is key in this game. A+Mechanics 8/10Perhaps the graphics engine does affect some of the game mechanics, but this could be down to the early stage of development of the game. I wouldn't know. Things like, not being able to interact with closets, archives, fridges, drawers, etc. Combat is good, but could improve. Combat sounds are horrendous!Gameplay 8/10This is probably the trickiest thing to review. The gameplay is like that of DayZ I would say, very similar. However, being able to build bases really does make this game much more enjoyable in my view.Repeatability 8/10If you love survival games, you'll love playing this game over and over.Things to improve? As stated above, the sounds really need a makeover. Grouping/playing with others could really get a boost. And by far the biggest thing to improve is map size and player counter per instance of the game.Overall, I would give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,299740,28894588,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wall-e,This game puts DayZ to shame.
,Recommended,299740,29132345,Posted: 8 January,all,X_Toni_X,"For a game still in alpha this is a wonderful imersive atmospheric experience. The graphics are excellent, and coupled with a lot of features which show the depth of detail in the development this one will I hope just get better and better :) Thoroughly recommnded :)"
76561198295190772,Recommended,299740,31191844,Posted: 16 April,all,troublemaker007,Looks a new game i hope they will improve more the game bcaz is a good game  and also need more action like more zombies and more loot btw the loot is poor.
,Recommended,299740,13953088,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,50CAL,"i've logged a few hours on this game and its fun. (as long as you have friends to play with and are using skype or other means of communicating)  currently without the crafting it does not really attract me to it as much as it would.  A few issues with latancy but with a little tweaking i fixed it the best i could.  mutants are scarce. though they are a threat not really what you should be afraid of.  Other players are the real threat. they attack on sight and of course with out any form of voice chat system you cannot tell or say please dont shoot. (not going to stop some players anyways)  map is fairly big and you will learn it over time.there are some survival required to play the game. nothing like dayz where i found more of my time nursing my guys health than anything. you will have to eat occasionally and drink food as well. temprature never really affected my toons at all.  the different types of cosmetics/clothing and packs are nice. i usually roll around with a balck jacket or somthing close to dark colors tha has a few pockets black boots black and red hockey mask and black cargo pants with the large back pack. yes there are 2 different kind of packs to carry.a few weapons to choose from i have found the 9mm pistol, shotgun, baton, hunting knife & hatchetthe game is fun overall but like i said other players constantly shooting you kinda sucks. I actually just finished a session where i was defending someone and got plugged by the new shotgun in the game ""oh well, no big deal. it happens.""  respawned and low and behold not 2 seconds i am gutting gutted like a fish by another player. tried to run but it was to late.  respawned for the third time. made it to a sultan. (spawned on the edge of town.) make it into the first house still wearing my white t-shirt and blues jeans (obvious sign of a fresh spawn) and blam..............dead *sigh* oh well called it a night and signed out.i recomend this game not for the survival game advertised but for the player vs player (pvp) aspect of the game."
76561198277221109,Recommended,299740,28566258,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jake.M | 7C-63,♥♥♥♥ing get it!
,Recommended,299740,28929278,Posted: 1 January,all,xXHuUrRaAXx,"This game is focused a realistic survival in a post apocalyptic time. Yes there are zombies but they are far and few between and usually carrying some good gear or essentials. If you spot a lonely zombie, don't be afraid to attack them. Even if you only have an ax or a hatchet, food, water, and a large backpack or duffle bag are you major interest in looting when you begin your journey, Dont be afraid to talk to other players or make alies, More then likely they are just as happy to meet someone friendly as you are. People that travel in packs here are less likely to get attacked by a hostile. This is the best survival game I have ever played..."
,Recommended,299740,28786948,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dsisrock,met some lad and he called me a nigg-er and killed me 10/10
76561197989862720,Recommended,299740,28430247,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MATORI (SRB),Graphic is nice. Gameplay is great.  Map is expanding but it will be awesome if developers can expand max server population to 60 - 80 players.Keep up with goid work!
,Recommended,299740,33054172,Posted: 30 June,all,eagLe,This is a very recommanded game ! :)
,Recommended,299740,32931368,Posted: 28 June,all,xblackdemonx,It's like DayZ but 100x better.
,Recommended,299740,32970923,Posted: 28 June,all,Focuz - hlparty.dk,"Great game! i remember playing this game back when it first came out. Back then it was so bad optimised and lots of bugs, so i refunded.Some days ago, i bought the game again, because i saw some nice gameplays on youtube, and the game looked unrecognisable, everything looked amazing.  As a big fan of survival games, this game is perfect. I used to love dayz standalone, but this is much better in my opinion. First day i played the game, i found a clan to play with, damn it is awesome. Now we build bases and play on roleplay server!#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorGOOD THINGS:This game is very well made! Its funny, exciting and adventuristic! I LOVE THIS GAMEBAD THINGS:Zombies might be too op, specialy the brute(In my opinion) And water bugs that kills you very easy.OVERALL RATE:9/10. Good game, no bugs, great optimised and funny! Can't wait for more updates :D"
,Recommended,299740,29013738,Posted: 4 January,all,Ħу∂яα,The game is fine when play alone but when you play with friends it's much better. They could add more to the map its big and theres not much filling it but trees. The crafting is slow and takes really long to craft. The game has added a feature where you can search though boxes and look though junk to find parts.
76561198073745388,Recommended,299740,32931482,Posted: 28 June,all,Viking Ananas,"Great game! Very well optimised and it is very beautiful. Nighttime is fantastic with the use of flashlights. After 40 hours I have gotten to know the game fairly well and and the biggest problem is base storage, currently you can only have one storage box per base which only holds 8 items. This game is great and can be even better but the storage system really holds it back."
76561198214914831,Recommended,299740,28337143,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ravedger,"So hear's how my first experience turned out:spawned next to a basetook a second to look through the controlsget surounded by two guys with gunsget shot in the head with a shotgunrunget shot in the back and finally diesecond time:spawned back indid the typical go through buildings and loot whatever you findfound a townheard someone talking near me and I decided to hide in the house I was currently inguys finds meI say hiHe says hi backHe asks me ""how am I?""I said I'm good and ask him the same questionHe say's that he's good, then beats me to death with a bat.10/10 would get beaten to death by a bat againlater that day I ran into him and he told me that he killed me because he thought I was an AI, despite AI's not even existing in this game. After that I got gangbanged by a group of four people."
76561197961740415,Recommended,299740,28909925,Posted: 1 January,all,Naichi2 / Relic,This game has kept me and my friend busy for many many hours. There is a lot of things to do from checking out houses to enter deep caves and bunkers. It's a mix of DayZ Mod and DayZ SA. Running on cryengine it looks and feels nice to play. It is under development so there are bugs but for me it's not a problem.
,Recommended,299740,28908697,Posted: 1 January,all,DevilishDerp,"Coming from DayZ I thought this game would be horrible. Like, it has a smaller player base, hasn't been around as much etc. Wow. This game blew my mind. Not only does the game look amazing, but it really is fun getting loot, traveling with friends, meeting people, firefights, the suspense is there. I don't have the same suspense that DayZ once gave me, but then again DayZ doesn't give me the same scared feeling. This game is overall just great, even after 9 hours. I am planning on playing this more than DayZ and this comes from someone who has around 2000 hours. This game is great, worth the buy, and I can't wait to see what it has in store. It does seem like DayZ misses some of the aspects that Miscreated somehow hits. Like Hayward is something DayZ needs, a large city that completely takes your breath away when you first find it. And learnly ever building is entrable which was amazing. Hopefully they make the map bigger, thats all I could ask for.BTW : DayZ and Miscreated are both games, throwing no shade."
76561198351787741,Recommended,299740,28790513,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gaz,"Miscreated is like one of those games where you instantly get addicted, The apocalyptic feel and atmosphere really gives the game some sort of reality aspect, the game itself is brilliant as the loot isn't to much or to less, the mutants/zombies aren't to OP or to UP and the map is really large which gives you tons of exploration to do.However there are some cons but as it still is in early access you can't complain and you can see how hard these very few developers of this game care about the community with every patch trying to sort out one of these bugs, a bug I have run into is a radiation bug which makes the radiation everywhere unless you log out, there are also a few minor framerate issues but thats not really a problem for me and also some texture bugs which is obviously understandable as the game is still is in early access.If you are new to the game I suggest finding a pve server as many pvp servers people will kos (kill on sight) even if you have nothing useful on you.I could also say this game is like dayz but the developers aren't money greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198114928457,Recommended,299740,33218284,Posted: 3 July,all,Clyde˙ ͜ʟ˙,"Like most people reading this, you most likely just bought Miscreated from the Steam Summer Sale 2017.. or on a cheap discount. However, before I officially start the review for this game, let me just say that this game isn't worth anything more than $10. I will tell you why in just a few short moments...What I like about Miscreated is that the map isn't too huge. Not a huge time killer to get from one place to another. Which is why I love the game a lot. Unlike DayZ, it won't take you ages to get from one place to another, taking up too much time.The combat in this game is pretty wonky and unlike any other games. Hitboxes are pretty buggy too. Scavenging system is really nice though, pretty easy to find items too. Not very many challenges in here, wolves aren't anything to really be scared of because they won't even attack you unless you're almost touching them.. same thing with the mutants, they won't be easily triggered to chase you, even if they do chase you, you get literally run away from them in a few seconds and problems solved. Your REAL challenge and fear in this game is mainly the players.The atmosphere in the game is leaning a little bit more to the hostile side rather than the netrual side on things. The only time you will come accross a ""friendly"" player is if the player you come accross is a fresh spawn or just doesn't have anything worth dying for. But even if you do come accross a non-friendly player, they can be the most  geared person in the world, and if you're jus ta fresh spawn, with nothing worth getting killed for whatsoever, that geared player usually kills you.. they get nothing but they still do it? Just a little Rust vibe going on, and it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks too.And last, but not least, the MOST cancerous and most time wasting and unbearable thing in the game, the base building. Yep, as excited as I was to BUILD MY OWN BASE.. we all build a base to STORE things/items RIIIGHT? Wrong, not in Miscreated. In here, you can only have ONE STORAGE BOX, ONE! ONLY ONE, NOTHING MORE! Sure, you can stash a car, but goodluck sheltering that thing! And want to store weapons with ammo, medical supplies, clothing, food and other helpful items to help you survive the massive hostile enviroment in this  game? Nope, sorry.. I mean you can... but goodluck storing everything in a single storage box for you and your friends, which the storage box can only hold 8 items. Complete garbage. But let's forget about the storage problem, let us talk about the base building ITSELF, god is it complete SH*T. Very sh*t. I recommend NOT building ANYTHING in this game untl it is properly fixed.And finally, my very own rating on this game from a simple number scale of a 1 to a 10, is a simple 7.4 . Obviously from me, its worth buying. Although, please refrain yourself from building anything in here and just survive on foot and take it from there."
,Recommended,299740,29917635,Posted: 14 February,all,Punky Raggae Party,"I've been playing this game for about 50 hours and I'm really into it, i've learned most of the game mechanics and I can tell you that it is so much fun and less toxic than other survival games out there. Good job developers I'm having so much fun alone and with my friends!There's some bugs here and there but some of these can be very frustrating and game breaking so i hope the dev's will see this review and try to fix them. I've seen other players having the same problems so it's not just me.Really problematic bugs:- Things you drop on the floor sometimes disappear- Sound occlusion in general ; example-> you hear someone shooting/running around you but no idea where it is (trust me I have good headphones and knowledge of hearing those from other games)- When I get ~15m close to my friend that is wielding a weapon sometimes there is a bug hearing him shoot, when he actually didn't shoot at all- Fall damage is much more punishing than it should be- Cars being destroyed by 2 pistol shots- Floating basesThat's about all the problems which I consider a bug and I think that if you'd fix those things the game would be much better and less frustrating!Stay in groups or die alone!"
,Recommended,299740,33392289,Posted: 8 July,all,BrendanButcher,After playing for about an hour I can say it has a lot of great potential. The atmosphere and enviroment truly give a sense of fear of the unexpected. What awaits you in this game is something truly psychological and a true test of your will as a player.PROs:- Incredible sound design- Well done enviroment- Great graphics- Incredible atmoshpereCONs:- Can get boring- KOS (It's a survival game so it's what to expect)Personal Thoughts:In my first hour of the game I was welcomed into a very convincing world that shows decay from events that have unfolded. The atmosphere really got my heart pumping since there is this sense of stillness due to the silence and it can really generate some anxiety if you let it set in. There's always a sense of despair while you walk through these abandoned towns and see them inhabited by overgrowth and what remains of less fortunate survivors. I did eventually find some weapons and new threads to accompany me throughout my tread in the world and ran into another survivor whom was armed with a pickaxe and my first response was to tell him not to do anything then fatally shot him in the head leaving him in the woods. Whilst walking through the woods I witnessed some wildlife and my first glimpse of an infected enemy which was some sort of dog but it ran away and didn't engage me. Walking along I found deserted camping grounds and found an unloaded rifle as well as the makings for a camp. I walked along and ran into a slightly more agressive player that ran towards me. I yelled warnings and fired my remaining rounds from my handgun missing once and landing two non-fatal hits. The player began hitting me with their bare hands and landed a few hits but I inevitably won the fight with a hatchet with a swift hit to the side of their head. I then jumped off a bridge into a lake below in order to get to a boat that sadly wasn't functional. I walked down a small road I came upon two players fist fighting. I drew my rifle I yelled a warning for them to stop. They did stop fighting and one player fled the scene as I took aim with my unloaded rifle and made one of the unarmed player get down on his knees and put his hands behind his head. I then proceeded to brain him with my hatchet and pursue the other player. He got the drop on me but when I drew my rifle and he backed off and I procceeded to brain him with my hatchet.So far this game reall has a grim twist on sense of realism that taps into psycological fears. The game reminds me of the film IT COMES AT NIGHT where it feels like man really is the true monster although in the game there are physical monsters.I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future since it does feel very well done even in it's current state. Buyers however should be aware that this game is a SURVIVAL game so KOS is going to be a feature that you will run into since people can be literal savages and show very little remorse towards you. I'd recommend playing with friends in order to increase your chances of having an enjoyable experience since playing alone can get boring and probably give you a negative perception of the game since players can and probably will outright murder you without any remorse.I see a bright future for this very dark and very twisted game. And can't wait to continue being both a survivalist and a monster.
,Recommended,299740,33496850,Posted: 12 July,all,BiggKuntry,I actually like the game! It's fun and creepy in ways. Easy to learn things too.... The only thing I don't like about the game is not enough people play it. It would be nice if I could meet some players to survive with instead of always being alone. That's probably the most frustrating part of the game is not having others to play with :(
76561198078412636,Recommended,299740,33203503,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr. Christopher,Best Open-World Survival Game out! What DayZ shoulda been. PvP and PvE Servers/Elements. If you like PUBG or DayZ type games you should defintely get it. I rate 8/8 mate.
,Recommended,299740,33243015,Posted: 4 July,all,MmoJaxus,"Have so many great memories from this game, truly one of the less known gems from early access, and definetly one of the better survival games out there, wholeheartedly reccomend it, especially for the price at the steam summer sale it's a steal."
76561198350824695,Recommended,299740,29096422,Posted: 7 January,all,southernsun440,"Recommended, but with some caveats. In it's current state it's more of a giant PvP deathmatch than a survival game. Just FYI I own two copies and have over 450 hrs in game.-Thirst and hunger is a non issue as there is plenty to be found.-Base building is tedius and while I do believe base raiding is a core aspect of hardcore survival it's just absurd to spend hours on a base that can and will get raided in literally minutes. The only recourse is to build a ""flying"" base.-No real PvE mechanics. Temperature stat seems to be working but has no effect. Poison can be cured by logging out and back in. Radiation will persist between server logs but can be halted. Mutants do not spawn often enough to be a threat, i.e. on high population servers they are usually wiped out.-Most players are the casual type who just play for PvP. Not that I'm dogging on them, but much of the community are toxic little trolls and without any survival challenges there is no way to balance or keep them in check.A standard run in-game goes like this:-Begin near Pinecrest, arguably the most dangerous town on the map.-Get lucky and kill someone with more gear than you, or head north to the good loot.-Spend hours killing and looting.-Now sporting a full kit, go back to Pinecrest and rage until you die and the cycle begins anew.In summary if more of the survival mechanics were implemented it would help balance out the constant PvP as there really isn't much else to do."
,Recommended,299740,28495265,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Busby,"Forget Dayz, H1Z1, and even Rust. This is the game to buy!"
,Recommended,299740,28495157,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,GanValZimm,"Most underated zombie(ish) survival game. In my opinion this game feels, plays, and looks a lot better than any of it's competition, including DayZ. DayZ only has a better population, otherwise I fully suggest this game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,299740,26204977,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SkyDevil,+ good graphics+ lots of weapons+ more types of flashlight+ big map+ lots of vehicles+ base building+ optimization- can't prone- no gun attachments
,Recommended,299740,28410046,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,brettskii,"Miscreated is a multiplayer open world survival game similar to games like DAYZ and H1Z1.After picking this game up on sale for $10.99, I was not expecting much as this genre is hard to get right, but I was pleasantly surprised. I have also played a lot of DAYZ and ARMA 3 Breaking Point, and this game definitely has those two beat.Firstly, the game runs very optimized. Framerates are good, and the lag is nonexistent. Solid net code here. The Cryengine looks great and provides some nice effects (dynamic weather, footprints in sand, water and grass effects).The gameplay is what you should expect from this type of game, very tense. If you die, you will lose all of your looted gear. This game is best played in a group so you can scavenge together for vehicle parts to more easily move around the map.The map is currently unfinished, but proves a large area to play in which is more than enough for the current 32 player max servers (this may go up in the future).The DEVS are very active and the game is being updated constantly.I highly recommend trying this out, especially if you find it on sale!CONS:- No auto run button :(- No prone (not so bad, helps to stop campers)- Currently you can't tell friend from foe very easily in a group (hopefully they will add some sort of marker in the future) so watch your friendly fire!"
76561198097718954,Recommended,299740,22645823,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Antnyflores7,where are all the people at? i never see anyone in servers
76561198063751626,Recommended,299740,32972724,Posted: 28 June,all,KaiserABRichter,"I wrote a Story for Arma 3, that I did, and I am going to write one hell of a story that I recently 'struggled' through earlier. I just got this game, and its scary as hell, and at the same time fun. I started out at Nightime and spawned next to someone friendly. He gave me a few tips, then we got lost, and I bled out from fall damage. I respawned, and I went into full survival mode. I went from farmhouse to race track scavening all that could be found. I saw a picture of two men: A Boy and his Father, and wondered what kind of a life they had. I continued, and ran accross a town. I quickly scavenged, and out of the blue, a Mutant, just walks by slowly. It passes, and I continue my loot down three Neighborhoods. I go into the mid center of town, to hear some bullets, I get down, and I slowly ooz off. I find another Neighborhood and start my loot, after going into the next house, I hear ""Hey, Amigo! Friend!"" I quickly run and hide in the Kitchen, only to hear footsteps. He passes right in front of me, with a gun aimed, he misses me. For the past 12 minutes as far as I could remember, all I heard was his footsteps all around the house frantically searching (he must of really wanted to catch me!!!) and so, he left. A fog swept the house, gas, I fell asleep. I woke up and was fine, but the smoke left a fog, and he got away. I waited a few more minutes before finishing my loot, and continued. I left the town as soon as I finished, and was walking through the closest forest. As my head dazed off, I got shot in the back, and as I turned, three men in Military uniforms. ""Sorry, part of the game man."" And he shot me right into the head. Was worth the two hours."
,Recommended,299740,32421533,Posted: 14 June,all,Mortsauf,Before the patch game was literally garbage because finding a good quality stuff was really hard . Now you can actually play the game with guns. this game has a lot of potential for a early access game i feel like developers are not gonna give up on this game . 10/10 (dayz developers should play this game maybe they learn some tricks to how to develop a game)
76561198006705935,Recommended,299740,32412536,Posted: 14 June,all,jugs27,Honestly a really good game in my opinion.Basically its DayZ but you know...... like actually playable.
76561198169018451,Recommended,299740,32896581,Posted: 27 June,all,XFlux,Better than DayZ
76561198353124209,Recommended,299740,33590410,Posted: 16 July,all,gainawsomeness I hellcase.com,Very fun alone but much more so with people I have not met many KOS people and most are nice and want to talk. Very fun game and difficult.
,Recommended,299740,33358502,Posted: 7 July,all,Pvt. McNally [42ndPA],This game is a blast. Its got a small learning curve but if youve played other lootem and shootems then youll pick it up easily. The pvp is some of the most fun ive had in these types of games. Although it does need some work and i got it for 9.99 during the steam sale. I would have gladly payed 20 for it. A far better game than H1 or DayZ.
76561198119145633,Recommended,299740,22094082,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,killercam2010,"Decent game. I just hope in a future update they can make it so you can turn motion blur off AND make it have a higher perforance for laptops. If not, well there goes 20$ down the drain..."
76561198073233925,Recommended,299740,24295520,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,stephnx,"This game is beautiful, no lags. Large terrain, bunch of stuff to check, loot and find.It has AI enemies such as wolfs and mutants, so you can play it even alone!I had no issue whatsoever with this game.I do recommend to all survival game fans."
,Recommended,299740,24213776,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TradeMarkedCancer™,Very Great game for pre-alpha... there are some bugs but it's not that bad
,Recommended,299740,24296225,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[FKLOL] Hartl,"This game rocks!The creators put so much effort and passion in it you can clearly see it ingameAlso the effects (for example storms) are stunning and beautifulIf you like survival games, even if it's a tiny bit; you should definitely check it out and if you wanna try it for the first time this is a nice opportunity too!"
,Recommended,299740,24205943,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,WiB - Freedome,"6/10Great game, definitely one of the better survival games i've played, However, there are many flaws with the game(I know its early access) but it actually renders the game unplayable on some servers, especially the offical ones. The game just freezes up, and crashes.But overall the game is well rendered, the models are great, the combat is great, i love the loot system, and the vehicles are awesome and totally worth checking out. If your looking for a cross between rust and h1z1 this is the game to buy."
76561198073604357,Recommended,299740,21990070,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,sethwinchester,Cool. Please fix the disappearence of cars. It upsets very very much.
76561198250154280,Recommended,299740,25372896,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,papiedgar69,this game ruined my life
76561198204364919,Recommended,299740,32831600,Posted: 26 June,all,CPT_YOGURT,"This game is .......  AWESOME. If u are looking for the best survival game, its in front of u. ITS MUCH BETTER THEN DAYZ. Since the community isn't as big as dayz's one, u could find more friendlies then people that shoot u on sight. For example, today i logged on almost fully geard and found a guy that was not so geard but could of killed me with hes axe. We decided to roll together to the airfield. I saved hes life and we became ""friends"". we rolled out and we found other people that decided to come with us. finally a squad of 5 people.When I play this game, I really felp like in a zombie apocalypse. I felt like, people used to live here.Maybe u could see repetitve houses BUT in each one of them, its decorated in a differnet way. Miscreated has a city, the biggest city in the game and campared to other survival games. if u want to run it at 60fps or more, u really need a gooooooood computer. if not u jus lower the resolution, that helped me ALLOT.Why is it better then Dayz?1.  Devellopers are more active and updates are really frequent.2. Vehicles are allready added! i mean wtf? in dayz it takes so much time to berelly have a car and a bus3. base building3. its just better hen dayz standalone and the mod.4. dayz is more of a pvp, this game is more balancedbuy this and u wont regret it, unless u run it on a patato.its not a clone of dayz.BUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITBUY ITI RECOMMEND IT"
,Recommended,299740,32836420,Posted: 26 June,all,KeiraTheSage,"I don't know why, but when I launch this game.. I can't leave it until hours upon hours of playing it. I've only had this game for about five days; however, I've played more than what I usually do in one game in just one day. I've been trying to stay away from this game so I can actually play other games I've bought, but this game somehow brings me back to it.I've noticed that when people first start out playing this game, they have asked many questions. The one I hear a lot is about the cars. When you watch the trailer for this game, you see a lot of cars but when you launch the game, you hardly see none. Just a little friendly reminder, that's because in this game, it doesn't just hand you a car. You have to work for it. Just like everything else in the game which is something I really enjoy. Surviving at first is difficult, but after you can get nicely geared up, it's nothing but an adventure from there on out.Building bases, pvping, killing things, exploring the map, and trying to learn where the ♥♥♥♥ you are when you spawn in is so much fun. Since I've played this game a nice amount, I've started to learn the map like the back of my hand; however I still have trouble. I don't mind it, especially since I love the idea of adventure. Also, this game is beautiful. Sometimes I'll just stand at the top of a mountain and just look out at how beautiful I find this game to be.Although, like any other game, there are some things I feel can be different about the game. My main problem sometimes is trying to load into a server. Sometimes it will take me just a few minutes, while other times I might have to wait about 10 to 15 minutes. This wasn't that big of a problem until a lot of people started to play the game here recently. Another thing I have a complaint about is the cars. Like I said before, you have to work to get a car running, but sometimes it's still hard to find a car to fix up. I feel like it would be nice if they adding in some more cars. I don't mind walking to where I want to go sometimes, but others, it would be so so so helpful if I could just jump into a car and go to where I need to go. It's not that big of a problem, but like I said, it would be helpful sometimes.I don't have that many problems with the game other than those two flaws I found. So, if you're one who loves adventure, working hard to survive, and some action whenever you feel up to it, I highly recommend this game to you. Yes, the game has been in early access since October 30, 2014.. but trust me, this game is worth the money. (Especially if you get it now while the summer sale is going on...)"
,Recommended,299740,32910085,Posted: 27 June,all,KinG,Never trust anyone on this game
,Recommended,299740,27037114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Troph,goot game jaa
76561198063713513,Recommended,299740,28271696,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,I J A Y K A Y I,"Awesome game ! I Abolutely love playing zombie survival games, and this has got to be my Favorite,Day Z and  Exile are awesome games aswel but Miscreated has the the kind of graphics and gameplay detail where you are able to fully immerge into  a zombie apocalypse, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys zombie survival games, only downfall this game has is the map size is rather small but thats because i was to used to playing arma zombie mods whereas they have massive maps lol, but the amount of detail in the game itself over weighs the map sizeHighly recommended !!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,299740,28612081,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪Classy✪Pigeon✪,good game
76561197989319893,Recommended,299740,26764764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frozze -iwnl-,"Very intense game. Been playin whole days, gathering gear, building my base, stalking and killing other players.All those hours feels like nothing. U like a game with some challenge? try it :)"
,Recommended,299740,26965459,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jason Li,worth the price good game
76561198072588689,Recommended,299740,28618420,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rozalitic,"one of the best games ive played it loads great! i only have trouble getting into a lobby, but once in its great! its really fun however i wish more things could be searched and opened such as all the lockers and cabinets and so on, and my voice chat hasnt been working even when i hold CAPS people cant here me.. this leads to my death.. every.. time."
76561198110752507,Recommended,299740,28227045,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,TeFox,"This game is funSome of the most random events seem to happen, usually people gather up in towns, run around together, survive together for a while.I've only been KOS (Killed On Sight) by one guy, who I later returned to and he apologized and gave me whisky. We got IG Drunk and ran around dancing to ""You reposted in the wrong neighbourhood""I've thought about buying this game alot, but im gald I did."
,Recommended,299740,26903352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Space Bear,This is a great game that's come a long way over the past year & i'd gladly recommend it!
,Recommended,299740,26947527,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,John - Fake Taxi UK,Still better than DayZ.
76561197987475497,Recommended,299740,29472385,Posted: 24 January,all,Mobius,"Great looking game, solid foundation, character movements is smooth. My only complaint is the AI.If you want the killing to feel like Dying Light this is not. Very Clunky. If they scrap the AI and start form scratch I think it would be a good thing. However, if that doesnt bother you and you are in it for the loot and scavenging this game is for you. If you want to base build make sure you have plenty of time on your hands becuase it takes hours and hours and hours.TOP 3 suggestions to improve the game1. BETTER AI (animations,interactions, i.e. take examples of Dying Light)2. More casual base building (don't dumb it down just make it so you dont have to play for 6 hours to build a platform)3. Grouping and no Friendly Fire for groups"
,Recommended,299740,29523840,Posted: 27 January,all,Svennen,gg good game
76561198057414036,Recommended,299740,29543559,Posted: 28 January,all,tait00,"I was minding my own business building up my base when all of a sudden people started trying to break in. Heart racing I decided to stand my ground instead of logging off.Readying my weapons i slowly crept over to my door which two of them were trying to destroy, I raised my weapon making sure to have a spare clip for it, then thrust open the door, stunned the baddies just looked at me for a second. Realising they were in trouble they tried to ready their weapons, but it was all over for one of them 5 quick shots and he was down, slamming the door shut i hastily reloaded and waited.10 minutes had past I could hear their car driving around, worried i started pulling down my house walls to fortify my current position allowing just enough of a gap to shoot through but not be seen. Noticing they had a car on the hill i pulled out my rifle and gave 5 shots off to the hood blowing it up. Triumphantly I gloated in chat telling them to ""enjoy walking anywhere"". 15 minutes comes and goes, i can hear them running around outside, not daring to poke my head out again i quickly built some stairs and put them in a concealed part of my base, using that platform as my overwatch position i saw one just standing at my door, gunning him down quickly i then jumped down to gloat some more, 2 down 1 more known enemy to go. I heard steps and rushed back to my overwatch position seeing the last enemy standing over his friends lifeless body taking salvaging his gear. Lined him up and blam all 3 down, happy and heart racing i run outside and grab my loot as im just tuyrning to close my door....BLAM i was hit bleeding and on 3% health i manage to lock my door and bandage myself.Im now sitting on 1hp not sure who was fighting me now surely i had killed everyone. I took one step out of the shadows and bang. I was dead, heart racing i hurriedly worked out where i was and headed back to my base. Made it just in time to collect my gear. I take a step out of the shadows to change my position and log off and gunshots are going off like crazy another group was now attacking me. Dodging the bullets i ran to my safe spot and logged out saving my life. 10/10 love this game"
76561198169617559,Recommended,299740,29565333,Posted: 29 January,all,FarinO,"Where do I start ,This game looks very impressive in-game.Good Map size once you get custom to it , not too much running around.Only thing I'm not a fan of is the gunplay , probably because i'm not use to it.For example bullets require alot to kill someone .Personally I don't like base building but it's fun to break down for juicy loots.The cars are very simple and easy to get running and drive.Looting is very unpredictable since loot can spawn in the smallest of areas (in boxes , drawers , cabinets , etc)Also something I don't like is ammo doesn't spawn in bulk , for me at least usually 1-4 bullets.The crafting aspect is very nice to make weapons / base building material.There are plenty of online servers with a capacity of 36 players.Overall it is a very solid game for the price.As time passes updates will make this game more pleasant to play."
,Recommended,299740,29598700,Posted: 30 January,all,skymex,"Im so addicted to this game unfortunately  i get dizzy with this kind of games, however i still play it. XD"
,Recommended,299740,29656628,Posted: 2 February,all,WTF Pexy,Good game :D
76561198054222542,Recommended,299740,29665748,Posted: 3 February,all,Shodan,"I honestly have had a great time with this game.The NPCs are challenging, the base building interesting but the human players make my heart pound in my ears. This game is intense and not for the faint of heart."
76561198296015256,Recommended,299740,29164925,Posted: 10 January,all,Oldboy_ZA,"Awesome game , need some instructions but looking forward to its future"
76561198119405777,Recommended,299740,29318619,Posted: 17 January,all,Volteran,This game is a good game to pick up if you want a decent survival experience. The map itself has a ton of detail and the environment offers different ways to play either by sneaking or fighting. Guns are hard to come by and so is the ammo for them. Most vehicles are rare to find and require you to get parts to fix them up. The mutants aren't really a threat at the moment but can sometimes scare you. If you like games like DayZ or H1Z1 survival I would recommend picking this up because it is a blast with friends and provides those epic tense survival moments with a beautiful backdrop and a dev team that seems to care about the game.
76561198102809076,Recommended,299740,29330152,Posted: 17 January,all,Uzi nine millamida,"Lots and lots of potential here, playing this with my friends is a blast but there is so much more room for improvement. One of the features that I would love for you guys to implement is a horde feature where a singular horde of about 30-40 mutants wanders from town to town. This would add a lot of weight to tension less looting, by incorporating this feature you would always need to be on edge and have a sharp eye out for mutants. Also, mutants themselves are very underwhelming and aren't very smart; If you could add a rule everything makes noise like walking, running, driving, swinging melee weapons inside, and obviously shooting guns. By adding these noise rules it will encourage a more stealthy approach to battles, raiding, looting, etc. For my last problem that is needed to be fixed is a proper YOU ARE HERE symbol locating where you are when you look at maps at the side of the road, this would make knowing where the hell you are and finding your friends easier. I hope you will consider my recommendations and maybe iron them so your game can be so much better."
76561198329009243,Recommended,299740,29403736,Posted: 21 January,all,Billy,"Absulutly awesome, worth every Rand/Dollar/Pound or what ever you want to spend!!!"
76561198242394482,Recommended,299740,29427470,Posted: 22 January,all,Black Watch,idk k my this is caled miscreated the game is so good i think it was made on purpose
76561197963399368,Recommended,299740,29546676,Posted: 28 January,all,Cong,One of the best games I have played in years! Even in alpha stage it plays better than many complete games!
,Recommended,299740,29558130,Posted: 28 January,all,Anonymous Theory,This is by far the most fantastic open world post apocalyptic survival game I've ever played.  Hands down I am addicted!  My wife is even thinking of getting a divorce!  I love this game!!!!!!
,Recommended,299740,29562804,Posted: 29 January,all,Dingoy Dongo,Yes.
76561198066877926,Recommended,299740,29593264,Posted: 30 January,all,TheRealDirtyDan,👌
,Recommended,299740,30451491,Posted: 11 March,all,egg,"When they say hardcore, they mean it/"
76561198051479493,Recommended,299740,24659556,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,MajinSchmidt,"Definetly suspenseful and exciting. Only issue I have with it is that servers you have a charecter on should be able to be marked, or seperated from the rest. So that you can more easily find youre proferred server."
,Recommended,299740,25612838,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Killaacammmm,"I highly recomend this game to everyone.Pros:- Nice graphics- Decent crafting system (still in early stages)- Excellent PVP- Fair combat scenerios, as guns & ammo are kind of hard to find in this game.- Creative looting systemCons:- Still in early acess, but game is still solid & devs are putting in work.- Girlfriend broke up with me.9/10.. didn't like her anyways."
,Recommended,299740,27528499,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wolfy ^_^,This game is amazing! The devs update it often and it has great potencial!
,Recommended,299740,29034455,Posted: 5 January,all,Memelord Cyphir,"Better than most survival games available right now. There are some frustrating bugs for sure (random character wipes) but hey, its early access. Looking forward to new features"
76561198031853511,Recommended,299740,29930096,Posted: 14 February,all,Mindozo,"2 friends, 1 car, guns, what could posibly go wrong. ;)"
76561198000910433,Recommended,299740,28355290,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bad Pilgrim,"So,This is my first review for any of my Steam games and there is a reason for that.I have been looking for a good, fun, decent paced survival game for a long time now, needless to say I have tried most of the more popular titles. I think this game is great, being early it has some bugs but it is very playable. I am giving this game a review because I want to see it go far and the devs bring it to their fullest potential.as a survival game 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,29388184,Posted: 20 January,all,Mr Nobody,"For the most part this game is actually quite enjoyable, what most poeple dont understand when they buy and play the game is the fact that it's still in alpha. When compared to other survival games, it lacks the content and community that they have. Unlike some of the others games out there, the devs do care about this game have been improving it since day dot. Yes as of right now the game is not perfect, and does get boring sometimes and it sucks when you die by a glitch or someone who KOS's you and have to restart again. But if you play with a group of friends this game is quite enjoyable and its only going to get better as more updates come."
,Recommended,299740,24642269,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Truther,Game is good has a lot of promise. Its pretty much a copy cat of DayZ but stands on its own. I really hope the devs keep up on this game.
76561197975071722,Recommended,299740,24657754,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Wizzy,Unbelievable game with alot of potential
76561198096170970,Recommended,299740,24665981,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SlipperyChimp,Vedy Gewd besides for a few minor bugs
,Recommended,299740,26242240,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,*brolli`,"Miscreated is a great survival game. Simple and fun, very atomspheric and immersive; the environment is beautiful and you can sense the abandonment. The graphics are impressive sometimes it's worth it to just stand and admire the effects.Controls are fluid, smooth, and responsive. You move exactly how you expect from any other game. It's not clunky whatsoever.Survival games, are survival games. You spawn ""fresh"" go loot, die, get better, take longer to die. The basebuilding is awesome too. It's not snap-on, it's completely free-form crooked walls n all haha. There's a lot of freedom when it comes to how you want your base to look.Shootouts and other player interactions can be crazy. It can in the middle of night, and you're scrambling from cover to cover looking out for movement. You begin to feel like you're the only one in the neighborhood, then suddenly there's movement and group of 2-3 guys and you're all alone hiding in a bush. Things can get intense and your heart will pound deciding weather to take someone out, or live another day.I'd say check out some streams, hit up some Youtube videos of Mr.Moon or something playing some Miscreated and make your decision.I will say however to be weary of the bugs. As of today (27 OCT) there is a very annoying bug that boots everyone out of the server, sometimes in ten minutes of joining, sometimes after an hour or two. It can be game-breaking sometimes, I can honestly say to either wait it out until it is fixed, or go ahead and jump in."
76561198174733731,Recommended,299740,26247636,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Thug C4L,I would and will recommend this game to anyone who likes postapocalyptic games. even tho it might look like another clone of DayZ and♥♥♥♥♥♥ trust me it isnt since it was made with cryengine the game looks gorgeous and it has some aspects that other postpocalyptic openworld games dont have.
,Recommended,299740,27886633,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Streaker420,"Well developed game.  Steady updates, from a small dev team.  every update is always an improvment!!!"
52112824349962294,Recommended,299740,29312773,Posted: 17 January,all,PeuRaven,Just a whole lotta fun.
,Recommended,299740,29760394,Posted: 7 February,all,tonail,Nice survival game. Map not too big. Building camps is fun and cars too.
,Recommended,299740,24645001,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,sly,"great game, constantly being updated and improved.Most promising survival game currently on the market in my opinion.More serious than H1Z1 without the tedium of DayZ."
,Recommended,299740,24664853,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Lil Manek1,"> Be me, guy asks for trade> I agree and have friend meet the stranger> I setup a sniper on a nearby roof> I shoot the stranger and make him bleed> Friend tells stranger to go into a building and bandage> Friend blasts stranger away with a shotgun in the face while he is bandaging> Find out that the stranger had no items> Found out he was a filthy liar> 10/10 would betray before being betrayed again"
76561198065860631,Recommended,299740,24801314,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ⓡⓤⓢⓢⓘⓐⓝ ⓗⓐⓜ,Fun
,Recommended,299740,27477350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ramy,"Game's good, game's cheap during sales, game's community is good, game has stunning graphics and Devs actually listen..."
76561198213900840,Recommended,299740,28320307,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,✪ owa,"I hope the developers put more into the game and make it better from time to time, 10/10 would recommend this game for survival gameplay"
76561198027938062,Recommended,299740,28331812,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Verrik,"For a pre-release alpha this game is amazing.I can only really compare it to Day-Z and I can say that this game is more accessible, shorter learning curve and has a lot more character. The environments in Day-Z I always found to be sterile, unimaginitive, and the world didn't look lived in.Miscreated's world has been bautifully crafted and actually feels like a lived in world. Houses with clutter and used sleeping bags and spray paint on the walls telling people to get out.Playing with other people is great. Proximity voice is in so you can confront people in game with voice. Gun handling is good, sounds, etc.Base building kinda like Ark.Just awesome. Hours of crazy fun to be had here already. Can't wait to see what's ahead.+1 from me."
,Recommended,299740,29305068,Posted: 16 January,all,Scratch1Tango,I reckon it's a total upgrade over DayZ.  Tremendous immersion and a legitimate horror feel.  Runs great
,Recommended,299740,29367407,Posted: 19 January,all,NoShootPLS™,i've played my first 3 hours of this game. Theres some bugs that annoys you but the general gameplay is very satisfying already. A good zombie survival game - alot better than the one Daybreak tried to make - H1Z1 Survival - Alot better than the forest - in this one u can actually do all the stuff u couldnt do in that game. The inventory management reminds alot from Arma III. So if u wanna try something with zombies and survival - go ahead and see if u get satisfied. I did!
76561198126643447,Recommended,299740,29399849,Posted: 21 January,all,daily plays,the game is really good but it is best played on a beefy computer  or a gaming computer just sayin
76561198057458064,Recommended,299740,29467480,Posted: 24 January,all,Ernestolrc,Comindad latina jugando Miscreated?  agregarme para planificar grupos y apoderarnos de un server :). soy de venezuela
,Recommended,299740,29472762,Posted: 24 January,all,┌►brA,"very good game and it keeps getting improved, love it"
,Recommended,299740,29567106,Posted: 29 January,all,Bronze AK- 47A,Good game
,Recommended,299740,29602190,Posted: 31 January,all,$$$hawty,Like.
76561198076758182,Recommended,299740,29636737,Posted: 1 February,all,The Cheeki Breeker,"Miscreated is the game I have been searching for after the scam known as H1Z1 - We're-Gonna-Sell-Two-Gamemodes-at $19.00-a-pop-and-F2P-is-abandoned and BugZ. This game is leagues better than any other game in the survival genre, but what got me was the active devs. I don't want to regurgitate what other positive reviewers have said previously but I'll list what I LOVE about this wonderful game!List of StuffConstantly updatedBest early access title I've seen in terms of graphicsBase building!Decently sized mapImmersiveFun community"
76561198077248523,Recommended,299740,30224749,Posted: 27 February,all,PATT3N,The best money I've ever spent!Beautifully terrifying.*****Update: July 2017Just keeps getting better and better. Great devs and a great community.Cannot recommend Miscreated highly enough!
76561198044916575,Recommended,299740,31220420,Posted: 18 April,all,Rezzy,"Its a good game and It reminds me of Unturned. I really like survival games, and i hope this game makes it big time. Just need to fix it up a tad bit. In all its a very good game.-Kaiser Wilhelm IIP.S. Check out my Youtube channel Valerie Vapeskin"
,Recommended,299740,24623901,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,zim,Love this game my friends and I were playing dayz but we're getting a bit sick of the bugs so we found this game at it is so much better and the lighting and shadow casting is amazing.I do have a question about a particular problem that happens to me when I am play for no reason the game will completely freeze for no reason and there is no errors that pop up and I have to pull up the task manager to close the game but the funny thing is that task manager it says the game is running fine any thoughts on this?
76561198317181592,Recommended,299740,27996572,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GreenX,Best survival game at the time
,Recommended,299740,28009682,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Operator Redden,"This is suprisingly fun to play with friends online. The DayZ feeling is great, but along with BUILDING?! Thats seals the deal!"
76561198014289073,Recommended,299740,28034534,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ćofi,best !!
76561198039951319,Recommended,299740,29384408,Posted: 20 January,all,ST0RM,If day z and H1z1 had a baby it would be miscreated. I would reccomend this to someone who likes the tactical aspects of day z and the playability of H1.
76561198169005479,Recommended,299740,29518814,Posted: 27 January,all,R.A.M™,"love the gameplay, hates most of the player."
,Recommended,299740,24661975,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SyxthSynth,"This game is so amazing! For only being in the Alpha, I am beyond impressed with how it looks and how it plays. This is by far one of the best survival games I have played, AND is only in Alpha!!! Haha I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone."
76561198160739769,Recommended,299740,24662013,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,CapinRush,"Amazing game.The potential for this game is HUGE. Iv had so much fun playing this for 50+ hours now, i would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a survival game to play with or without friends (even though without is so much harder to stay alive).The bugs that i first came across have been annoying but i do belive the have been addressed in the latest patch.I really haven't found any issues in the game that make it unenjoyable. The patches are frequent and from what i know always bring new content into the game also."
76561198272907913,Recommended,299740,24674402,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Entire Population of Syria,Nice Game!
76561198275772265,Recommended,299740,26247124,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,rain_across_1497,this a good game
,Recommended,299740,26248454,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[U.S.ARMY]Cpt. jack warrior,how do i invite people to my clan ?
76561198214381360,Recommended,299740,28022145,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Josoop,BEST survival game i've ever played
,Recommended,299740,28084047,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ace | Skizzeh,Its a very nice game the only problem i saw in the game is if u ride a bike youre legs arent moving but the game it selfs Fantastic BUY IT xD
,Recommended,299740,29284654,Posted: 15 January,all,KrazyKrackA,Played most survival games and at the moment this is the best. Expect some bugs its still EA.
,Recommended,299740,29400288,Posted: 21 January,all,xKavierx,If you guys wanna experience the game like walking dead just play miscreated.
76561198337502151,Recommended,299740,29464356,Posted: 24 January,all,iPlayB,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. I've only put around 38-40 hours into the game and it's one of the most addictive games I've ever played. I would DEFINITELY recommend this. It has it's bugs and issues but hey it's early access, so it's expected! 10/10. Keep it up. ;)624 hours... I don't even know where to start with why you should buy this.. building, pvp, crafting, exploration, the list goes on and on. I've played hundreds of games on Xbox and PlayStation, but none of them have satisfied me like Miscreated has. I can play this game for hours upon hours without getting bored. I typically play 8+ hours a day, and it just keeps me entertained the entire time. I absolutely love this game and what it's becoming. The developers continue to speak to the players, and listen to what we as a community want. They keep us up to speed on what's happening in the game, and so on. I would still DEFINITELY recommend this to anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,299740,29470246,Posted: 24 January,all,Sauce_Boss,"Everything Dayz and H1Z1 was missing, with cool types of vehicles to ride and repair, nice looking outfits and gear, base building, clans, mutant monsters, a lot to do and explore, pretty dynamic weather system, on point soundscape, and overall is graphically eye candy. The weaker side of the game is the combat isnt too exciting and is a little lackluster, enemies are very easy to avoid (exept for wolves!) not too much customization options with character,gear,vehicles, weapons, ect. is a very early game so give the devs a chance and will be updated hopefully for the better of the game and add more features to it."
76561198035856287,Recommended,299740,29471842,Posted: 24 January,all,zig-zagblue,A work in progress. Still really fun.
76561198353624631,Recommended,299740,29473153,Posted: 24 January,all,Zenx,this game is very fun
,Recommended,299740,29550125,Posted: 28 January,all,dying.eyes,"great survival pvp, reminds me of rust legacy :)if ur a survival game fan buy it, if ur a casual player wait for a sale, you can't go wrong here :))"
76561198332084856,Recommended,299740,29560879,Posted: 29 January,all,MuggeN PUBG-ROULETTE.NET,Very good game recommend it to anyone that like survival/zombie based games
,Recommended,299740,29649476,Posted: 2 February,all,Vampkalle,Very nice game 🐆 🐅 🐃 🐂 🐄 🦌 🐪 🐫 🐘 🦏 🦍 🐎 🐖 🐐 🐏 🐑 🐕 🐩 🐈 🐓 🦃 🕊 🐇 🐁 🐀 🐿
76561198186808053,Recommended,299740,29657038,Posted: 2 February,all,SwagelaMerkel,"So ich gib hier jetzt auch mal meine kritik ab. Am besten ihr haut euch bisschen Musik auf die Ohren denn ich versuche das hier so ausführlich wie möglich zu schreiben, und damit meine ich das könnte ein Verdammt langer review werden!.Bitte Beachte auch dass das mein ersten Review ist und auch nur meine Meinung und meine Erfahrung mit dem Spiel soweit ist!:- Viel Spaß beim lesen.Also ""Miscreated"" wo starten wir da am besten?Anfangs war ich etwas skeptisch was das Spiel angeht, eher gesagt war ich sehr gelangweilt davon, alleine schon der Gedanke ewig rum zu rennen um bessere Sachen zu finden und dann aber doch von irgendwem über den Haufen geschossen zu werden hat mich richtig hard genervt.Ich wollte aber nicht das Spiel nicht so aufgeben denn immerhin habe ich ja 20 Groschen dafür geblecht, also hab ich weiter gespielt, und so langsam kam auch die Lust am Spiel, denn langsam hat der Junge Herr (Ich) bemerkt dass das ja ein gutes Survival Spiel ausmacht, ja ich weiß ich hab nur 11 stunden aufm kicker aber dennoch kann ich schon viel drüber schreiben.""Miscreated"" bietet alles was in ein Survival Game ebenso rein gehört, man startet auf 0 und muss eben suchen, gleichzeitig muss man auf sein Essen und Trinken balken aufpassen denn wie jeder weiß wer nichts zu Essen oder zu Trinken hat Stirbt.Waffen dürfen natürlich auch nicht fehlen, man findet sie auf der Karte überall verteilt, von der Axt bis zum Unterhebelrepetier Gewehr und natürlich viele mehr. Beachten muss oder sollte man hier vieles, die Muniton ist sehr begrenzt heißt soviel wie Überlege dir gut ob du schießt oder liebe wegrennst ;). Ebenso gilt zu beachten das bei mir Langlauf waffen wie z.B einem Scharfschützen Gewehr je nach Entfernung die Kugel durch Wind und Erdanziehungskraft beeinflusst werden kann, was mir im Übrigen richtig gut gefällt!.Kommen wir nun zur Grafik, was die Grafik betrifft bin ich mehr als begeister. ""Miscreated"" basiert auf der Cry Engine und ich kann nicht oft genung sagen wie Sau Geil die Grafik ist, am Anfang war das Spiel auf Low eingestellt warum weiß ich nicht, aber selbst das sieht die Grafik schöner aus wie in manch anderen Spielen heutzutage, als ich dann auf High umstellte hats mir fast die Augen aus dem Schädel Gehauhen, ich war so Beeindruckt von der Grafik das es anfangs mir schwer viel mich aufs Spiel zu konzentrieren. Also auch echt Geile Sache!Nun zum Base Building und Crafting denn das darf auch nicht fehlen, ""Miscreated"" finde ich ist im gegensatz zu anderen Survival Spielen komplett ne andere Liga, das gilt auch fürs Base Building. Anfangs muss man natürlich auch wieder Holz farmen das geht wie jeder weiß mit der Axt, nun ist es aber nicht so das wenn man erstmal Holz hat gleich sein Imperium bauen kann. Als alles erstmal muss man sich nämlich Grundstück sichern und das geht in dem man ein einfaches Schild Craften muss, erst danach kann man seine Base bauen und auch nur in dem Bereich was dir gehört versteht sich. ebenso hebt sicht das Base Building von anderen Spielen sehr ab da man verdammt viele möglichkeiten hat zu Bauen, da wären z.B Runde Bodenstücke, Treppen, Fenster, Türen, Dächer usw. heißt man könnte sich echt ein Hotel hin basteln.Nun zum Crafting, denn bevor man überhaupt irgendwas craften kann muss man erstmal Baupläne finden die auf der ganzen Welt verteilt sind, 3 Stück insgesamt und mit jedem neuen Teil lernt man neue Sachen zu Craften wie :- Giftpfeile, Rucksäcke, Bandagen usw. Also auch hier richtig Geile Sache!Bisschen übers Gameplay muss ich auch noch Labern, wie gesagt anfangs fand ichs langweilig, aber man muss dem Spiel Zeit lassen, denn ""Miscreated"" ist mal ein vorzeige Beispiel des Survival Game Genre, es beinhaltet einfach alles, man hat nichtmal eine Karte diese muss man sich auch erstmal ersuchen, Gruppen kann auch nicht wirklich erstellen, man kann wenn man mit Kumpels spielt sich absprechen und sagen das jeder das gleiche trägt um sich untereinander zu erkennen.Fahrzeuge gibt es natürlich auch ABER bevor man ein Fahrzeug starten kann brauch man erstmal alle Komponenten dafür wie Benzin, Reifen, Öl, Elektrisches Zubehör, Anschnallgurte. Grafisch wie gesagt kann das Spiel echt einiges Bieten, was bei mir aufjedenfall richtig gut gelandet ist ist der ständige wechsel des Wetter es gibt Sonnige tage, Nebel (viel), Regen sogar Stürme wo einfach Tornardos zu sehen sind WTF  ist das geil? JA ist es!. Ein HUD Gibt es auch nicht man sieht nur seine Lebensanzeige inklusive Essen, Trinken, Sauerstoff (Tauchen), und die Strahlung.  Base Building wie schon erwähnt super gut gelungen. So jetzt könnte ich ewig so weiter erzählen aber ich hab keine lust mehr :D Bitte nicht böse sein.Aber natürlich hat das Spiel auch so seine Mankos.Das geht schon los in der Server List wenn man ein Server als Favourite gespeichert hat. Drückt man dann auf Favouritegeht man davon aus das nur der eine Server angezeigt wird richtig? In ""Miscreated"" leider nicht da werden leider Zich andere angezeigt außer dein Server, man muss dann 5-7 mal auf den Favourite Knopf drücken bis dein gespeicherter Server auftaucht, klar das ist kein Nackenbruch aber muss nicht sein.2tes Manko sind die Ladezeiten denn die sind teilweise sehr lange, zumindest ist das bei mir so. Das längste was ich warten musste waren 4 Minuten hoffe das wird noch irgendwann Gepatched.3tes Manko sind die Mutanten, denn die sind leider noch teilweise sehr verbugt und fallen auch viel zu leicht um, könnten von mir aus ein bisschen Stärker sein. :)aber ich denke damit kommt jeder klar den immer hin ist das Spiel ja noch Early Access und hat noch richtig viel Potenzial nach oben, also alles in einem ist ""Miscreated"" dafür das es ja noch Earyl access ist ein verdammt gutes Spiel indem man ziemlich viel Spaß haben kann aber auch ziemlich frustierend ins bett gehen kann. Optisch wie als auch der Rest sind Top und nur Empfehlens Wert. Die 20 Groschen sinds Wert.!I would say 9/10Achtung: Ich wiederhole das dies meine Meinung wie meine Erfahrungen zum Spiel ist, bedeutet soviel wie das es eventuell nicht deiner Meinung entspricht.Cheers!"
76561197998530085,Recommended,299740,29757241,Posted: 7 February,all,King Bob,"such a great game, still has lots of work to do but I feel like it will actually get done.. full release is actually realistic with these devs."
,Recommended,299740,26192234,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SupremeAtom420,One of the best Survival Open World game on Steam in my opinion
,Recommended,299740,27992997,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Honkey4Life,"Bought this game on a steam sale, wasnt expecting much other than another zombie style survival game. The more i play the more im surprised. Everything i thought i knew about the game going in has only made me realize how much i actually didnt know. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes survival, base building, creepy gameplay with your friends. The community also seems alot friendlier than your average pvp survival game (Rust, Dayz, H1Z1, ect.) you are more likley to make a friend then get shot in your face in your first encounters. 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,29472356,Posted: 24 January,all,Epix Vortex,"I was asked to get this game and give it a go. I was skeptical because of how badly Dayz turned out to be and was afraid that this was just another clone cash grab. but to my surprise it was everything that Dayz was lacking. still very much a work in progress, but is futher along then Dayz could ever be and a Team that is focused on making it to beta one day. updates and fixes happen and a community that is interesting. I think this game might be worth it's salt. it's better than Dayz and really thats all that matters, 7/10 only because it is still baking like eating a cup cake thats not all the way done yet, A little messy but still good."
76561198154087116,Recommended,299740,29615217,Posted: 31 January,all,DeadShot3311,"This is probably the best game on steam and I suggest you buy it now, even at full price it is worth it!! But optimization is terrible, I had to decide whether to put graphics at super low settings and not be able to read the names of items, or at medium and not be able to run it. If they ever optimize this game I will buy it again even at full price!"
76561198190246775,Recommended,299740,29549139,Posted: 28 January,all,Dept. of Defense Engineer Baron,1000x better than Rust and DayZ combined. The devs are very active
76561198060389676,Recommended,299740,29558278,Posted: 28 January,all,Powerwolf,"I came into this game uncertian of what to expect but hoping for the best and to be honest my expectations were for the most part met which is a good thing. The game does focus on survial for a change between mutants, wildlife, and your ""friendly"" neighbors your bound to be in for a fight. Buts its not hard enough for you not to enjoy. The game also gives your plenty to do, gear yourself up, find a car, fix a car, build a base so on so forth. Each server has something else to expect mainly talking about the communities youll find some are no KOS and heavily enforce that factor where as others are hell zones everywhere you look so you can find any kind of play style. Lastly, the game is constantly reciving big updates somtimes multiple times a week which puts it ahead of some of the other survival competators.  In the end my verdict is its totally worth the buy of 19.99 USD"
,Recommended,299740,29641308,Posted: 1 February,all,Baitisback,I wish they have snigle player :D but still a good game and some good people
,Recommended,299740,27891258,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marcus,This game is pretty awesome with friends.  DayZ and H1Z1 had a baby. Hardcore survival like DayZ but normal controls like H1Z1.
,Recommended,299740,27923900,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TryHard Heroes,"At first I thought this game wasn't up my alley, but I have to say, anyone who enjoys games like DayZ, Unturned, Rust or anything of that nature, owes it to themselves to try this game out. And the developers are actively working on it, which makes me think they are actually proud of their product and want to continue improving upon it.Experiences with other players in this game varies, and you'll find this game as a whole is really more of a social experiment of a sort. I can say that the mental aspect of this game really is the entire driving point. It's powerful in it's effect upon your psyche. The shock when someone has the drop on you, the edgy feeling you get when confronting someone, asking if they'd like to team up with you. The excitement of discovering a gun with a few bullets in it. Because those bullets somehow ease the anxiety by a small margin, which makes what is otherwise incredibly stressful situations less overwhelming due to the shear prospect of having more than the two options of running or hiding in the bushes while a couple of bandits are poking around looking for trouble. At least you can try to surprise them by taking at least one with you before you go down. And yes, believe me when I say that the fights can be so intense that you really feel cornered, like you don't have a shot, which summons up the wild thought that you'll fight tooth and nail to make their day as ♥♥♥♥ed up as they're trying to make yours.And when you die, it sucks, but you also feel excited because the journey has begun again. New friends, new challenges, new loot.The game is in early access but growing steadily, and the developers don't seem to plan to slow down and drag it out for our money.I couldn't suggest this game more, even if I tried. Get it, now. Seriously."
,Recommended,299740,27937086,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ZoozieBoy,"Probably the most under rated survival game out there. Basebuilding needs some work though, I like the freebuilding concept but please add a snapping feature for the OCD people. Honestly, the 'mutants' needs a nerf, they are really easy to outrun, wolfs are dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥ they track you down in the woods (which is really cool) but then just stand and stare at you."
76561198153317396,Recommended,299740,29311736,Posted: 16 January,all,Damien,"So, all in all i really enjoyed playing this game. Its got alot of functioning features, like vehicles, with alot of variations, Pve, like scavanging for food/water and a good amount of variation of enemies. Its got basebuilding, while not great, stil functioning and decent. It stil could use some improvements, but overall its very playable, with a decent amount of depth. Well worth the price."
76561198033415939,Recommended,299740,29345993,Posted: 18 January,all,Duck,"Thought I would give a review since I'm enjoying the game, Keeping in mind this is still an Alpha game, my experiences have been enjoyable.Miscreated looks great, updates keep coming, weather, day/night cycles, environment, textures are great, little buggy still but not a deal breaker for me, basebuilding and crafting is good for the devs first attempt at it. Straight forward and mostly easy placing structures etc. I like the realistic approach to a survival game, Overall positive , thumbs up! looking forward to Beta."
,Recommended,299740,29768439,Posted: 7 February,all,Nyphty,"A fantastic alternative to the likes of DayZ with good quality updates. I've started a series on this game, check it ou!https://youtu.be/MDIHNfXR8fY"
,Recommended,299740,30004495,Posted: 18 February,all,RyTheFireGuy,"By far my favorite survival sandbox game I've played. I have almost 70 hours in it already, and I can't stop playing it! Great fun playing solo or with a couple of friends. I've had so many crazy experiences and I can't wait to see what comes next. I would 100% recommend this game to anyone looking for a good time in an open world, survival sandbox game.Pros: Great devs, realistic and beautiful graphics, 1st and 3rd person both feel great, response is accurate and realistic once you have a grasp of the controls, virtually unlimited scenarios to experience with such a large player base and possibilities in-game.Cons: Some bugs, which are to be expected with Early Access games. Base building isn't perfected yet, but IMO that is not an important aspect to the game as of right now."
,Recommended,299740,30108254,Posted: 22 February,all,DpTheSaint,good game
,Recommended,299740,24575757,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FabioXN7,"> - Be me and a Friend went to Airfield to find some Loot> - Two Survivors (Survivor 1 and 2) with nothing appears and says - ""HELLO WE ARE FRIENDLY!""> - Friend trusts survivors and leave them be - gudgal.jpeg> - Friend is dying from starvation and cant find s**t> - Be me and Friend met again with the two survivors. LOOK! NOW THEY HAVE GUNS!> - Friend asks for some food and begs for his life> - I hide in a house nearby with a magnum> - I observe the Two Survivors, they look different from the first time we've met. suspicious.png> - Survivor 1 offers some food and tell my friend to get closer while holding a shotgun> - Survivor 1 turns Wild and points his shotgun to Friends head while Friend is reaching food> - Friend found out it was a ChemLight instead and says - ""ITS A TRAP!""> - Wild Survivor 1 and 2 shoots Friend but misses the Shot.... Friend runs> - Shoot wild Survivor 2 in the Head... wild Survivor 2 dies.. dead.mp3> - Wild Survivor 1 with Shotgun gets Desperate and Starts to Scream> - Shoot Wild Survivor 1 in the Chest. Wild Survivor 1 drops dead naked from bleeding> - Friend says HOly♥♥♥♥♥♥I Almost Died> - Third Wild Survivor hiding in a bush nearby shoots Friend in the Head.... Friend Dies.. Me Cries.jpeg> - Third Wild Survivor shoots Me and waste all his ammo.. misses all his shots and says COmE HERE u♥♥♥♥♥*T> - Came up on me to beat my♥♥♥♥♥up with a Hammer> - forgot to pick a Melee Weapon> - Got hammered to death and died> - Would Die for a Hammer again 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,27918978,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ApexOmega,This is an awesome game.
76561198199179949,Recommended,299740,29177557,Posted: 10 January,all,mac72,"HATED THIS GAME AT FIRST (EARLY 2016)LOVE IT NOW!Early 2016 i played this game for about 2 hours, found a bunch of cool stuff then got killed and lost everything. then recently watched a trailer for ""Escape From Tarkov"" and wanted to try it but it costs way too much so i figured id give Miscreated another try, and i dont know if its updates or just a better server, but i have falled in love with this game. its no masterpiece but it seems like the devs care about the game and are actually trying to improve it and add more content (like an Alpha should *Cough* ARK *Cough*for $20 you wont be disapointed."
,Recommended,299740,29308068,Posted: 16 January,all,-=312th=-MaxE(DL)(K),mg i love it
,Recommended,299740,29328911,Posted: 17 January,all,ɎúnĞ $nake ₆⁶₆,started up the gamefound a megaphoneran around micspamming ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music4/20would blast Gary Come Home with a megaphone again
76561198303784183,Recommended,299740,29390623,Posted: 20 January,all,xxXthezomslayaXxx,"loot, steal, build and try not to die...tis fun"
,Recommended,299740,29396570,Posted: 21 January,all,Switchblade,amazing
76561197981493319,Recommended,299740,29468295,Posted: 24 January,all,SnixX,"Better and better patch after patch...Become now a great game, not the best, but to have absolutly in all Survival's gamer library.Miscreated merits more advertising because better than many others products.To buy, no problem."
,Recommended,299740,29550052,Posted: 28 January,all,Nyctophil,"A nice♥♥♥♥♥post-apocalyptic game, interesting atmosphere and hard enough to be challenging."
,Recommended,299740,24672029,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Anonymous_Spoon11738,I would definatley recommend this game but there is a slight problem where i try to log on and it says error launching :( .        does anyone know howto fix this ?
,Recommended,299740,25477458,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Cush,"The mechanics and art style of the game (Controls, UI, camera options etc) are functionally identical to DayZ; when you first get ingame everything is instantly familiar.Few differences, though:- Its on Cryengine, looks and sounds really good but more importantly runs really well.- You can enter basically all buildings, and their interiors are really detailed and well done. Loot is often stashed away in places that easy to miss so you really need to have a good look around to find stuff.- Base building exists but needs some work; Storage space is very limited until they fix some networking issues to accomodate for it.- Max player limit is 36 right now, you do often bump into other players/groups in towns but it would be nice to see this going up to 50+- Mutants are quite limited but not sure if they are meant to be the main focus of the game. They are usually just minor inconveniences.- Some servers are PVE or have 'No KOS' rulesets, which means players must at least have some interaction before they shoot each other be it a conversation, a robbery, chasing them down telling them to stop or they will be shot etc, but at the very least players on these servers wont open fire as soon as they see you, and more geared players will often leave newbies alone."
,Recommended,299740,26246350,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[BSRR] Cr4cKy,Be nice if there was a single player and a local game option.
,Recommended,299740,27995433,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tim Horton,"Positives:-It's basically DayZ but you actually find loot and it isn't a complete glitchy burning heap of garbage-Good loot (High capacity backpacks, guns, food) isn't impossible to find-Graphics are really good, realistic lighting and shadows-actually dark night time and having a flashlight is pretty much required, making it fun to spook people in towns at night-not everybody is kill on sight meaning you can mess with people more often-melee hit detection is decent meaning you wont go down to 10% health after meeting one mutant (looking at you DayZ/WarZ/Any other zombie survival game)Negatives:-No damage zones for headshots, a bodyshot is just as good as a headshot-driving is a little weird but not completely horrible, just not good-some graphical issues-easy for people to cheese loot into a floating room in their base making raiding player made bases difficult or not worth it-Mutants dont really prove to be any sort of threat except for the hulk/tank ones, they're also not very many of them even in citiesOverall: Good game, pretty much is a working version of DayZ. Would recomend even at full price, but this game does go down to half off so I'd say it's def. worth even at $10USD/$11CAD"
76561198001137944,Recommended,299740,29469358,Posted: 24 January,all,[Axem] ProSy,"If you aren't a fan of the childishness in some of the other survival games, this is the game for you. The world feels real and the map design is brilliant. There are no paid additions so there's no one walking around with things they didn't find themselves. The devs here are passionate about this product and it shows."
,Recommended,299740,28700375,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GGMattt,"Miscreated is a great survival game, I couldn't afford DayZ and this was 50% off around Halloween so I took a blind stab and bought it and I don't regret that decision one bit!The map is pretty big, not DayZ big but still pretty big, the game itself is beautiful and very immersive combined with the great ambient track of wildlife, storms and coastal sound effects, plenty of online activity too so you'll always be able to get into a full/half full server anytime of day or night.Gameplay feels great whether it's gunplay, melee or just walking around and exploring. Also the game is still Alpha which is pretty impressive still for how well the game plays.If you're looking on starting in the survival genre you should definitely give this a go!9/10"
,Recommended,299740,28720693,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Garett,"Well, Miscreated. This game has a ton of potential, I like that the Devs are sticking with this game and actually listen to feedback from the players. It does have some kinks it needs to get out but I have hope that it will get fixed. The content is limited and not a ton to do but enough. This game fixes every problem DayZ has. It is 1,000 times better than DayZ (but really what game isn't) The core of the game is Perfect. The look of the game is perfect. The player count is perfect. The map is perfect. But as it is said, this is early access and there is going to be a ton more content on the way hopefully. If you don't want to deal with the bugs yet don't buy it, But you are going to be missing out if you don't. But if you don't care and want to see this game progress then go for it. It is fun as it is and will get better."
,Recommended,299740,29040007,Posted: 5 January,all,Nuro,"I followed a group of people from a town by trailing their truck , I spent about 30 mins tracking them until i found their base in which i was going to go in and rob their stuff but i was found out ,held at gun point they brought me to a dark room and kept me their and when ever i got hungery they fed me ravioliI love this game"
,Recommended,299740,26885714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,"Such a nice game to play with friends, so much fun! Probably the best survivor game out there and the graphics are just beautifull."
76561198048872732,Recommended,299740,28249781,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,The Forgotten One,"Ok, i was starting to get dissapointed when my brother was looking out for a survival zombie/PvP action when he brought me this:At first glance i thought: ""Oh not another dissapointing Dayz clone""I was wrong.The sync on combat vs pvp/pve is just perfect, none of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on DAYZ standalone which zombies pierces thru doors, weird♥♥♥♥♥♥♥animations, hackers, etc.This thing is just... promising.Even for a early access having about +15 devs on it (while dayz god knows how much time has passed still early access and buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and memory consumptive...) its way too more competent than DAYZ and I have no problems nor lag ingame with the engine with current specs:Nvidia GeForce GTX 750 2GBIntel Xeon E3-1220 v3 3.1ghz quad core16 GB RAM  1600 Mhz DDR3So about the game lets list the stuff up:Pros:Game inmersion with weapon system, makes REALLY hard to find weapons and ammo specific for each weaponCombat on pve/pvp is syncedHud is totally comprensibleMap is decently big for exploringDevs puttin on effort to improve the gameAtmosphere puts you nervous, might find or get ambushed at any timeBase building (like if dayz and minecraft had a son!)Cons:No tutorial (might be a bit confusing for new players)Items are hard to spot onFew bugs, and far sight tesellationGraphics still needs tweaking, cant differ between garbage and actual itemsAs a early access game the price is right if its under $109/10"
,Recommended,299740,27253310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leviathan,highly underrated
,Recommended,299740,27253443,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ARSEBA,devs need to make some changes so low grade pc can run the game
,Recommended,299740,28281193,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Da_Joker,-Stupid kids killing people on sight-Freezes whenever i enter the lobby-Cant support other resolutions apart from 1080-BugsApart from these its quite a overall decent early access gameEDITTED : - lobby freezing fixed- even i try to kill suspicious survivors on sight2/1/17 : changed to not recommended as i cant fxcking start the game again
76561198052478980,Recommended,299740,26918009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaddMatt,"Amazing developers, regular big updates, loads of content, base building, beatiful graphics, high fps. All the things other survival games failed to accomplish so far. Highly recommended."
76561198041538730,Recommended,299740,27014700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PipGrosso,"its a good game , actually for me better than dayz ,  but like always in this kind of game its plaged with inhuman players."
76561198027908472,Recommended,299740,27156323,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Domo,My nomination for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award.
,Recommended,299740,26805815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Obscen ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,such a good game omg so much fun on this game only thing i can say is the rain is a bit glitched but what the hell still an amazing game get this now.
76561198040861444,Recommended,299740,26874196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HijinxIgnatius,"Very good game. You don't need to eat and drink as frequently as in other survival games (DayZ standalone). Lots of guns, bows, throwables, and melee weapons to choose from. It is more of a PvP, but you can not run into somebody for days (if you like to loot and explore as much as I do). Lots and Lots of servers are full. I'd say a good 25-30 are full at any given time. GET THIS GAME while it is on sale NOW. Devs update about every month or less."
76561197973583155,Recommended,299740,27259364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nid,"Miscreated is a wonderfun non-abandonware version of the DayZ franchise that we all love and hate. It lacks some of the specificity of its predecessor, but that isn't neccessarily a bad thing all the time. Assembling a vehicle is enjoyable and still difficult, without it being a mandatory 3 person activity. Weapon and ammo scarcity adds a real sense of accomplishment to the game, and the pvp is bound to make you paranoid in the extreme. Very much worth the price."
76561198075188526,Recommended,299740,28458926,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hawkyjoe,good
,Recommended,299740,28461513,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Comander_King,"Spawn, Walk around.. Find food.. Hi there im new..Get Shot...Respawn.. Walk around. Find Food. WOW a GUN.. Hi there im New...Get Shot...Respawn.. Hey a Car,  can I get a lift?..Get run over... Respawn... Meet some friendlies.. Kick some♥♥♥♥♥.. Die in a massive gun fight...Respawn.. Be smart and start hidding.."
,Recommended,299740,28615334,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,STENSETH,"- Spawned for the 1st time.- Found a rotten apple, didn't eat because of my insane experiences from DayZ.- Ran for ages.- Found a city.- Looted the s*** out of everything in peace.- Someone biked past me :)- Found myself a bike and a friend.- Jumped of the bike.- Bike did a 1080 backside Rodeo flip and killed my friend.11/10 would bike again. =)"
76561198154716616,Recommended,299740,28635648,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Wos Kiwara,"This Game is what DayZ Standalone should have been.Good graphics,nice physics,nice pvp-pve system,awsome feeling.Perfect for everyone who loves survival.Its awsome for an alpha.You should defently buy it if you like this type of games."
76561198249284606,Recommended,299740,28699811,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ethan.S,"It is a really good game, by far it is the best survival game to me. It amazed me with it's combat system, beautiful graphics and flexible building system. The developers keep giving us promising updates. The only things needed to be improve for now is the building material and duribility of base, it's too easy to break in and the storage spaces is too less which makes people needs to car hoarding."
76561197963305684,Recommended,299740,29093631,Posted: 7 January,all,lswing,"Amazing game these guys have created. I'm 50 hours in and there is a ton to still learn. The complaints about lack of gun/ammo/food are misguided from my experience, as once you learn to loot and learn where things are kept it's easy to compile what you need to survive; unless you get killed along the way.The constant tension of potentially being killed, and the need to survive and collect goods  is a great gaming experience. Really like the basebuilding so far also, although it can be tough to find plans, luckily I had some buddies show me the building ropes. You can find plenty of manuals and info online too.Artwork, details, landscapes, variety, quality of weapons and battle, all make this game a keeper!"
,Recommended,299740,32749605,Posted: 24 June,all,TacticalGoat,Really good game.Has the best graphics and atmosphere out of any survival game that i have played so far.Only down side for me is that the map could be bigger.would recommend 7/10
,Recommended,299740,28804292,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JNick,"Beautiful game, the nature looks amazing filled up with great towns. Animations are nice and animals in the game makes this game even more special.Pvp in this game is amazing you never know what is going to happen and it always gives a kick!Best survival game i played so far! The community is growing fast!"
76561198322446156,Recommended,299740,29618593,Posted: 31 January,all,AugustusGold,I have had this game for a while and played for quite a bit ever since patch #35. I found it fun and definitely recommended to others.PROS:-Good pacing for finding loot-Feels apocalyptic-Beautufil landscapes-Fun players-Active and Good developersCons:-The Mutants aren't really that threatening and there are so little of them that they really give you a fear of them-The animations are somewht stiff-While this is a survival game I still haven't seen farming at all and very little focus on base building-It's more PvP than PvEWhile those I just my opinions I feel confident in that these developers can continue to push the game to keep improving it. It's also just plain fun especially with friends
,Recommended,299740,28713961,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Greaf,"I am new to survival style games but so far I am loving Miscreated. The world is amazing and it is so much fun to explore with your friends (especially when you find mountain bikes and fall into caves XD). Yes there are bugs, but with the constant updates this game will only get better.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,299740,29071997,Posted: 6 January,all,Lovely Lady Lyss,"I foud this game on sale and have played approximately 25-26 hours in just a few days. The reason I bought this game was because it was an MMO in a post apocolyptic scene. I didnt really know what else to expect. There is a disclaimer that says this game is still in the Alpha stages and to expect bugs- Okay I can handle that!So here I am, my character dropped into this massive world with just the clothes on my back and a flashlight. I can't tell you the sense of panic I immediately felt! I started going through houses looking for food and water. I met a few other survivors (players) but they quickly died by MUTANTS or by other people! Expect to die A LOT! I got frustrated a few times from dying and starting over but then I got the hang of it after each death- learning from my mistakes each time. Starting over is not hard, its easy to find food and melee weapons and if you go back to your body you can get your items again (if no one took your stuff). Ive managed to survive for two days now which I'm proud of haha!I recomment playing this game at night with all the lights off. It has scared me a few times!! my heart has raced, I've even screamed! I've been robbed at gunpoint with six people surrounding me, screaming at me to drop my backpack. I am no where near ready for PVP in this game but that will come in time. I haven't even scratched the surface of what you can do in this game. You can build a house (base), get cars to work and ride them around, cook, craft.... make a clan?- but I trust NO ONE!! Everyone is shady AF! I've had nothig on me except a flashlight before and I've been killed.Find a good server to play on. I had to move to a noob friendly server so I could learn how to play the game without dying all the time. Once I have played for awhile and can learn how to shoot a gun I will be moving to another server and have even more fun! I recommend this game 100%! It is beautiful as well. The stars at night look so real. Try it! The devs are still updating the game over time but its nice to see them still involved! There are some bugs but I overlook those because I bought the game even with the disclaimer and because its an amazing game!!!"
,Recommended,299740,29072621,Posted: 6 January,all,Kro,"Do you know DayZ ?! Well miscreated is the same but much much better in everything, this game deserve more ppl and more positive feedback, if someone search for a real survival this is the game."
,Recommended,299740,29078314,Posted: 6 January,all,Smiley,So DayZ and H1Z1 got together and bowchickabowwow had a kid and this popped out. Gewd game.
76561197967832637,Recommended,299740,29152791,Posted: 9 January,all,Dodge,"Lots of fun to play, devs are constantly working to make game better. definatly recommend."
76561197996874427,Recommended,299740,29631229,Posted: 1 February,all,vmville,"The game is still in early accessBUTThe game is awesome!+ Visually most beautiful survival game that I have seen+ Devs are updating game constantly+ Athmosphere is creepy+ Base building- Still a lots of bugs but not game breaking (Cars and bicycles are extremely buggy, some sound glitches etc.)Playing with friends is awesomely fun! Some items like car parts are very hard to find and finding them can be very, very frustrating. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival styled games! And do not be afraid of early access in this one! ;)"
76561198107715984,Recommended,299740,29772584,Posted: 7 February,all,Sab0,insanity
76561198062777845,Recommended,299740,32731746,Posted: 24 June,all,愛 Little Vampire-,Game is good. BUT please fix the bug . when i login my shotgun went missing . wtf ??? And Please fix the spike ffs. ( To All the Pvp Players that killed Newbies ) ♥♥♥♥ ur trash Country o0o
76561198140269043,Recommended,299740,32735069,Posted: 24 June,all,Lantz,not bad
,Recommended,299740,33279452,Posted: 5 July,all,Nyancide,"Honestly, better than DayZ. And cheaper."
,Recommended,299740,29629847,Posted: 1 February,all,Im new dont hurt me,"You have to have a good PC. Not really a review, just info"
76561198358226905,Recommended,299740,29773575,Posted: 7 February,all,MostHated,"Run from town to town. Collect loot. Avoid mutants! Get shot at by strangers. learn to craft. Build base. 17 hours later and still on my first life,I feel confident enough to collect all gear and  relocate base far east. make it within mins of new build site and get cornered by mutant in bathroom and killed.All gear lost. respawn and meet another guy thats  just starting out(first friendly Iv met)we team up.Get chased by lunitic with lots of ammo though fortunatly is a terrible shot.outrun him and hide. Heading East now to find our new home. and the adventure continues......... very addictive gameplay.The struggle is real! I will survive!     10/10"
76561198179776091,Recommended,299740,28143053,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jurilo,"Bom,resumindo Miscreated concerteza é um dos melhores jogos de sobrevivencia que voce vai encontrar por aiO jogo se passa num mundo Pós-Apocaliptico,voce sente isso,andando pelas cidades totalmente devastadas sem nada com vida a não ser outros players e os mutantes bolados.O sistema de PVP do jogo é espetacular,voce ta de boa lá procurando armas ou comida nas casas e você ouve um tiro e pensa♥♥♥♥♥♥MERDA ♥♥♥♥♥ e voce ja fica tenso e da aquela dorzinha na barriga sabe?Os Gráficos do jogo,nem se fala,são PERFEITOS o ambiente os detalhes das cidades são perfeitos,muito bem detalhados.Como o jogo esta em versa ALPHA,claro que você vai encontrar bugs (ainda não encontrei nenhum rs)POSITIVOS:-Gráficos lindos,engine muito boa-Mutantes (além de ser raro encontrar um)-PVP frenético-Sons muito bem feitos (principalmente do ambiente)-Vehiculos-Musica do menu♥♥♥♥♥♥PRA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Também tem uns bicho muito locoCONTRAS:-O jogo é meio mal otimizado,to com uma GTX 960 4GB e 8gb de RAM, em florestas o jogo roda muito bem tipo 45-50 FPS ja nas cidades o jogo cai pra 30-40 FPS-Só isso mesmo rsSE TEM ALGUM ERRO DE PORTUGUEIS DESCURPA :)"
76561198083416074,Recommended,299740,28317202,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,cheeseburgerbobby,"This game is honestly fantastic! The full potential (when finished) is going to be huge! I have wanted a deep survival experience since the genre took off w/ Dayz. Miscreated has really layed the foundation and presently is a great experience up to this point. The world is beautiful and detailed, night time is balanced and playable, and the early inventory and interact features are usable. Miscreated captures the tension and mystery of a world gone wrong and the fight to defy it! I cannot recommend this game enough (it is in alpha but bugs are few from my experience) so please support it! My first review ever so that should tell you something :)"
,Recommended,299740,28450682,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Deo Favente,Like a well oiled DAY Z and that is a good thing.
76561198056266757,Recommended,299740,29069033,Posted: 6 January,all,Splaze,Very solid game. Intense but easy to get into. Very active and responsive Dev Team. True mix of PVP and Survival. Community is dope. Pizzagate is real.
76561198171331370,Recommended,299740,28524762,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sergeant Soap,"Ill try to make this short, i spent alot of money on this game only to find out that my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc can't run it. I was pretty mad because the game looked absolutely great. eventually i logged my account in my brothers computer and finally got to play it atleast ONCE and the one time i got to play it i absolutely loved it."
76561197972433922,Recommended,299740,28759163,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,crudestkill,"With very little time i've played this, i have had sooo much fun playing with freinds. And the pvp is amazing, i totally reccomend this game, 900000/100"
76561198056312872,Recommended,299740,28989065,Posted: 3 January,all,hrayborn,Absolutely love it.
76561198284755585,Recommended,299740,31406794,Posted: 27 April,all,tkooze23,"Miscreated is a great game, best survival game I have played, great graphics,good fps, and amazing pvp!!! Buy this game if u r looking for lots of fun!!"
76561198063376304,Recommended,299740,33399514,Posted: 9 July,all,danny_scream1,"Pro- playing as a team is really fun (hunting people)con- playing solo is not (being hunted)pro- vast map, beautiful to look atcon- map is big and walking gets old fast.i like the game, i just take the game for what it is and thats abit of fun.dev's please make it so your able to spawn next to your clan mates. finding your friends when you respawn is annoying."
76561198210121187,Recommended,299740,26571589,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LogicalGamer,"I wish I could play, I tried numerous times to join a sever but the same things kept happening, low memory, so was it a waste of money yes, but it was my fault for not checking if my pc was compatible. therfore please know your computer before purchasing this game. I was really looking forward to playing this too seeing how many people believe this is much much better than DayZ"
,Recommended,299740,30206553,Posted: 26 February,all,Pancho Garcia,A truly dope game
,Not Recommended,299740,32411724,Posted: 14 June,all,Kariu,"If you wish to run your server, unlike any other survival games out there, they require you to pay their partner's machines to run it. They do not provide the dedicated server to install on any machine.They make so many excuses when inquired about this, despite every other good or even bad survival games having dedicated server support without any trouble or ""problems"" they list.The game is very boring. It feels generic. This is just coming from only playing roughly 10 hours."
76561198043342563,Not Recommended,299740,33292878,Posted: 5 July,all,MilkBox,"Lots of glitches, hackers, and is basically just Open World PvP with 1 or 2 mutants per town. It is Early Acess but is a joke for its $20 asking price. Worth $10 at best. To those who will be butthurt with my review cry more. I'm just sharing my experience of people teleporting to me and killing me and my friends, or simply shooting you through thick cover with their hacks. This game's been in early access since 2014 and still has mutants hitting you while invinsible or when shot dead still hurting your friends or you even though they are dead on your screen. The content in the game is mediocre at best for 2 and a half years of development. You are better off buying other games of this genre."
,Not Recommended,299740,33364356,Posted: 7 July,all,Big Weenis,"Horrendous game. Half of the time you can't even connect to servers despite having low ping; you just get sent back to the menu with no prompt or warning! The worst part is that this problem has been persisting on for 3 YEARS and that a significant portion of the player base still has to deal with this every time they play. Don't let my play time fool you; most of it was spent trying to connect to a server, and once I did the only game play ""experience"" I received was looting and walking around while avoiding the unresponsive mutants.The game world is empty and is just full of copy pasted buildings - if you want proof of this, go to the Amalgated Airfield area, find the brown building, then go to any one of the towns and you'll see that same building - WITH THE SAME LOOT SPAWNS, ROOMS, GRAFFITI AND EVEN DECORATIONS - scattered everywhere. Loading times are long and if you think the game has fulled loaded by time you've connected and spawned, guess what? You have to sit down for a minute or so and wait 'til it's actually fully loaded since you're going to be stuttering and freezing if you even move your mouse or your character.The loot spawn rates are so low and it's set that way whether you're in a dense or scarcely populated server. This makes looting and scavenging an unrewarding and boring experience. Also, your loot doesn't entirely save up the next time you play, even if it's on the same server you're on. I killed two people and looted their corpses and got some pretty good bling, got to a safe spot, waited for the unnecessarily long 30 second timer, and left the server. Guess what happens? My loot didn't save, and my loot was instead reverted back to when I was looting buildings just minutes before I killed those two said people. The inventory system is just so clunky, unimaginative and broken too. Crafting is sparse and most players probably wouldn't bother with it; I know I haven't.I don't see any unique features in this game. For the hard drive space it takes, the features are too few and the ones that are implemented are awkward and non-user friendly.If you're thinking of you're going to play a survival simulator; you aren't, expect that you're just going to walk around, occassionally meet people who will shoot you, and collect food and beverages. That's it, that's literally the game. For the price it has; it's simply not worth it, especially when it can't even deliver its scant number of features properly."
76561198248812570,Not Recommended,299740,33351449,Posted: 7 July,all,Cain,"the game is great dont get me wrong but the devs do not fix any of there problems then tell you if you dont like the game then go play a diferent game, probly the saddest♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever seen, and the amount of hackers is surprising, the cars despawn if you dont mess with them, you randomly lose gear out of your chests, and the devs do not care to fix any of there problems they jujst keep adding on top of it making the problems even worse, wait for this game to be at its fullest dont buy now, its a waist of your money, go play the forest, or 7 days to die at least there devs actually care."
76561198098317856,Not Recommended,299740,35399841,Posted: 1 October,all,steveyd023,Don't waste your money on this game.
76561198121758210,Not Recommended,299740,29837754,Posted: 10 February,all,JNDNY,"I HIGHLY recommend not to purchase this game1. Running Simulator.2. 30 mins of running around trying to find loot, literaly house to house and ending up finding nothing3. Crafting is horrendous especially building a base it takes too much time and finding a place for the plot sign so that you can build is even more worse.4. Pitch Black Screen Simulator5. When you have already spent lots of time finding loot and getting geared up. You will eventualy find nobody to shoot. So then you are forced to kill fresh spawns for loot which makes the community alot more toxic. This simply ruins the game for new people."
,Not Recommended,299740,33064653,Posted: 30 June,all,Votcom,"Takes half an hour to get into servers, just to lag out every 5 min"
76561198310023719,Not Recommended,299740,33071151,Posted: 30 June,all,chrishenkel300,"It's not a bad game i just wish there was more to do i mean ya u run intoplp sometimes or have a random mutant, but besides that finding stuff is a pain and so is building stuff beacause u die mid build and loose everything making you want to quite im not sure if it was worth the $15 dollars i spent tbh kinda regret it it lookedcool but i think there is some serious changes to be made."
,Not Recommended,299740,33486411,Posted: 12 July,all,Happy,not much to do but runs really well... just wait i guess?
76561198040325676,Not Recommended,299740,33642574,Posted: 18 July,all,DieselRam2500,Got this game and started playing with my buddy... Games alot of fun.... UNTILLL you go to craft.... idk who designed the building connections for this game... but they really need to go back to the drawling boards and play with some legos... The snap points when building shelter is absolutely horrid.... other then that the game is decent... Fix the crappying crafting system and i will change my stance on this game!!! (and the weight system is also junk - How can i cut logs into boards.. build a wall... and it weigh more then the logs themselves?)
,Not Recommended,299740,33486238,Posted: 12 July,all,George,People modify files and use cheats... its literally unplayable right now unless you get lucky with a server.
76561198158944267,Not Recommended,299740,33191591,Posted: 3 July,all,Skankhunt42,It need to be fix when i die i cant respawn and my hunger/thirst just stays at 80% all time I need to leave the game then i can join a server again. It need to be fixIts a good game to buy it when all glitch/bugs are fix
,Recommended,299740,29183341,Posted: 11 January,all,pizdiec,"Needs bigger storage boxes for bases. Realy needs something big. (makes interesting even more to brake in base and expect to find massive loot) plus, cars wont be stored in bases in big ammounts, that takes away big fun moments for new players who look for hours, days and wont be able to find any.Miscreated missing more PVE.. not many zombies-creatures are in game. PLEASE add 3x or 4x more of them. Love big monster, would be even more better to have bigger one and loads of them.Big monsters spawn again once you reach 100 meeter distance from them after you killed him, too easy get blueprints and ammo.bug.Needs add revenge mark on last person who killed you. That way will be easy avoid people get lost in game once they got killed and kill every one on the way just because he dont know who was it and loosing purpose to stay and play propper way the game. (some kind of mission becomes once you know who was it.) atleast for 48 hours.Last and not forgoten, BLOCK BUILDING IN AIR... Game so realistic, but bases in air makes it very bad. OR give us a tank to destroy them bases up in air :)"
,Recommended,299740,29184893,Posted: 11 January,all,Mickasa <3,"This game has a lot of potentials that will lead to its successful development even though it's in Early Access that you'll find so many bugs, I've enjoyed playing this game for the past weeks and hoping in the future that it will reach its full potential, Keep it up devs!"
,Recommended,299740,29185414,Posted: 11 January,all,Rustbell,Nice graphic and open world survival game
,Recommended,299740,29202723,Posted: 12 January,all,DarKneSS @ TS.EVILS.RO,BEST SURVIVAL GAME ATM. (2017)
76561198153017239,Recommended,299740,29928438,Posted: 14 February,all,BATALHA357,"great game, with great graphs"
,Recommended,299740,29952860,Posted: 15 February,all,ProfileInvalid,Joined game. Found decent supplies. Found a small city and started looting. 2 people in a taxi car drove up to me and asked who called the taxi and told me to get in. they then started telling me their plans and i procedingly told them they could have what i had if they let me go. Then they said they dont want what i had and told me to tell them to ♥♥♥♥ off. i did. then they told me to tell them like i mean it. so i did. then he told me to get out and ran me over. 10/10
,Recommended,299740,28780803,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nitrotitan,"Miscreated is one of the best competitors in the survival francise. The game is straight to the point with survival aspects. It has all the basic meters like food, water, health, and the additional radiation meter. The rate of which the meters rise and or fall feels balanced and fair to the player from my experience.NOW TO THE PROSGame has fluid-like movement mechanics (Precise movement and easy to control)Beautiful graphics and rendering systemMany guns and melee weaponsVariety of ridable vehicles (Sedans, trucks, buses, boats, etc...)Has a whole plethora of clothing items (I CAN DRESS TO IMPRESS!!!)HuntingAI enemies are not a permadeath encounterExtensive base building systemComplex weather system (Rain, thunderstorms, tornadoes, etc...)THE MILD ANNOYANCESSound engine definitely needs improvement. Someone might shoot a shotgun 3 streets down and it feels like it's right next to you.Shooting guns in general feels like you are blowing spitballs out of a strawDamage scale for guns needs reworked:)"
76561198076871200,Recommended,299740,29190198,Posted: 11 January,all,Thunderbum,I really like this game and tend to play it most days.  I started playing DayZ and it  was just hours of wandering around and not much happening.  Miscreated on the other hand is far more exciting because there is just so much more going on.  The map is smaller than DayZ but by no means to small and there is a bit of everything in it it from small farm towns to the big city.Miscreated could improve on adding a few more mutants and wild animals as they can be a bit few and far between at times.  Also it would be awesome if there where some aircraft that where added to the game like DayZ having helicopters.All in all I would highly recomend this game and am looking forward to what the developers are going to do next.
,Recommended,299740,29953084,Posted: 15 February,all,Ampedelectric,This is an amazing game. Its not fully done and there are a few bugs here and their but nothing major. Visualy the game is stunning but for max settings you'll need a decent graphics card. All in all its a great game if you want to imerse yourself into a post apocalyptic world or just kill some zombies with your friends.
76561198015750706,Recommended,299740,29184377,Posted: 11 January,all,Camokid_ZA,"Amazing game, it needs some guidelines, but otherwise, looking forward to a great future :D"
76561198009629421,Recommended,299740,29187603,Posted: 11 January,all,The Regulator,Very good game and only getting better. Caters to the PvP crowd more than a survival game should but so do the rest of them.
76561198081136274,Recommended,299740,28784401,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Priv-Ac,Good game for $9.99 If you don't have the game get it.
76561198244895498,Recommended,299740,29192481,Posted: 11 January,all,✖FÂĶĚ MĀĢÎČ✖,THE BEST SURVIVAL GAME IN HISTORY
,Recommended,299740,29434456,Posted: 22 January,all,TriCkz™,"Spend 2 hours gathering armour , food and water. found a 9mm pistol and an assault rifle along with ammo...found a player and said hello and got shot in the face............10/10 will be killing on site from now on"
,Recommended,299740,30096577,Posted: 22 February,all,Jak,Running around robbing people for their trousers has never been so much fun.
76561198281056560,Recommended,299740,28584969,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JoJ,"This game guys, this game. It's a wonderful game that deserves a-lot more players. Just don't bring that DayZ attitude into it and it's gold. The gameplay is unpredictable in a full server, role-playing, mutants, etc.. I would highly recommend playing with your mates though, strength in numbers. There are things that need to be addressed like headshots not registering or doing damage and sometimes clipping, but it's in alpha so what can I say really? Great scenery, big map, plenty of things to do, and a great dev team. Pick it up."
,Recommended,299740,29184470,Posted: 11 January,all,E R xWOLFx,The best and most supported zombie survival game on steam.
76561198084082581,Recommended,299740,29954085,Posted: 15 February,all,RebornLegend,"This game is by far the best survival game on steam. Dying doesn't disencourage you from playing again. Lots of houses to search for loot, easy to find towns and friends, lots of great features (basebuilding). This game has the perfect balance between realism and fun."
,Not Recommended,299740,34597715,Posted: 29 August,all,emil,CHEATERS get into bases without destroying or jumping over walls/doors. This made me quit this game. Took all my loot within one day...
76561197987320227,Recommended,299740,29817090,Posted: 9 February,all,tubawillow,"Fantastic game, definitely exceeded where I thought it would be for early access. Well thought out towns, and there is a full city up north, unlike anything I've seen in other open world survival games. I've been challenged by both the PvP and the PvE more recently (I believe they recently updated mutant spawns, included mutant dogs, and wolf packs). Definitely give it a try, much more enjoyable than DayZ or H1Z1 in my opinion."
,Recommended,299740,30085330,Posted: 21 February,all,Skythe,"Did you love DayZ mod? Yes? Good you have common sense. Do you think DayZ standalone is a steaming pile of infected dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also yes? Good, youre not mentally disabled. Do you wish you could have a DayZ standalone that isn't just the worst? Im gonna assume you're gonna say yes, and if I'm right, buy this game. It's about at the level DayZ mod was when it first game out, and we can hope it will get as good as DayZ was at its peak."
,Recommended,299740,30774565,Posted: 27 March,all,acmullen98,"I think Miscreated is an excellent work in progress. Very immersive world; from the vibrant scenery to the sounds of foodsteps on the hardwood floors, it really puts you into the world of Miscreated. Seems very full of items but interactiveness with the environment seems a bit limited. Lets hope that's only because it's in early access. I would really like to see a nice competetiveness with Fallout 4's immensely interactive world. At any rate, definitely reccomend and would like to see it when its all done."
,Recommended,299740,30860017,Posted: 31 March,all,Nicolas Cage,pro:u can pick up chicken 12/10con:bf ran me over with a broken quad bike 2/10 would die again
76561198002532011,Recommended,299740,30862044,Posted: 31 March,all,VerociousMyke,"Man i don't have a lot of hours in this game, but i love it, only played with a friend, LOTS OF FUN!Imagine DayZ, but a little more down to earth and less frustraiting when it comes to gameplay.Yeah, get this game, it's well worth it, the devs are constantly working on it and they deserve our support, but get it from Steam only so they really get a revenue.If you have 2-3 or more friends, this game becomes a must-have, nothing compares with a squad for 3,4 guys lurking arround, waiting for the perfect moment, not to mention the thrill of the hunt, ambush, fighting, food splitting, camo gear, scouting, all those things that get you blood pumping.One thing i want to see sometime in the future is that I hope (after they finish like 90% of all they have planned) release a Battle Royale for Miscreated with a slow paced, like really slow, not to be rushed or anything, fast gearing up and then just hunt hunt hunt with a squad.Cheers devs, u are making our gaming experience more beautiful with this game, just hope u guys keep it up!"
76561198370479841,Recommended,299740,30871810,Posted: 1 April,all,badassgod123,its a fun game just having frends playing with u makes it better
,Recommended,299740,30886684,Posted: 1 April,all,Zanocera,Pretty fun game overall. Can get boring but it still is pretty fun. The only thing that makes this not fun is not finding the parts for cars if you are lucky enough to find one in the first place. Also bikes are rare.
76561198068356781,Recommended,299740,30968374,Posted: 5 April,all,GhostRider,One of my favorite games and i havent even played it enough to be good
76561197990897264,Recommended,299740,31281307,Posted: 21 April,all,EyeTry,"This game is everything that dayz wanted to be and will never be.The good :-The most beautiful map of all games-Frendly people-Best graphics and weather effects that I have ever seenThe bad:-Have to shot many times to kill-The pve is pointless,no missions,Ai too eazy and laggy-The crafting and building is just strange"
,Recommended,299740,31307831,Posted: 22 April,all,SkunkNamedEddie,"simply amazing, all the details, the map is gorgeous, the controls are really easy and responsive, not like in DayZ, and it runs way better than DayZ, it's smooth in towns, fields, forests, everwhere, again, not like in DayZ. Overall, I would say, a better DayZ but a bit more casual. Great game, congrats development team"
76561198283700757,Recommended,299740,31544410,Posted: 4 May,all,randall_odinsson,Great survival game with much more to come.
76561198310955354,Recommended,299740,32005204,Posted: 27 May,all,Moses Da Man,"Scary. Damn brutes....... The game is great. My only complaint is the amount of damage melee weapons do, it's horrible. It should be a hit to the head kills a mutant, mabey not the brutes though. Overall 9/10. I see much potential in this game."
76561198140639014,Recommended,299740,32283075,Posted: 8 June,all,colemanallen1987,I love this game! Its amazing! For a game thats not even finished its beyond words! Its everything I wanted in a survival game! The people on the servers are not all bad and thats unusual in itself! This game is worth the price and then some LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
,Recommended,299740,33158647,Posted: 2 July,all,Noah The Guy,"Great Game Wich is severly underratedpros-High qualty grapics i picked this game for 10€ and Just WOW-High Qualty Sounds Running,Walking in houses, Etc if you played this game you know were i em talking about-Dev's that listen to their players-NO SKIN♥♥♥♥♥♥Like h1z1Cons-Kinda heavy game on Low-end/Mid-end PC's-Low player base (OFC this wil hopefully change in the future) it isnt that big of an isue as almost every official sever is fullat Peek hoursFor the rest there isnt anything bad about this game , its an great game that diserve's more atention from all gamers worldwide , if you have the money to buy it then do it you wont regret it"
76561198219737748,Recommended,299740,33163112,Posted: 2 July,all,PaddyJunior,I played this game for 13 hours straight after picking it up on sale...........I dont........ I dont even know what the hell just happened.I basically lost a whole freakin day.Guess i best go take the dog out or something.
,Recommended,299740,29941808,Posted: 15 February,all,coldsweat,Fine Openworld Survival game. No regrets.
,Recommended,299740,29946467,Posted: 15 February,all,Edskelton,"First run, found a shotgun and some shells on a porch. Seconds later a freshy runs into the same house and I scared him away instead of shooting him. I know I'll come to regret that decision just like Daryl regretted not killing Dwight.Now I'm on another server with some friends and we're building a prison complex.10/10 would buy again10/10 did buy again for a gift"
76561198068121690,Recommended,299740,29977559,Posted: 16 February,all,Cobalt Orion,Its Good
,Recommended,299740,29994602,Posted: 17 February,all,That One Fox,very good game some issues with the comunity but other then that i really like it :D would recomend as long as your playing with friends cause some people are jerks
76561198102291145,Recommended,299740,30028524,Posted: 19 February,all,dcphotos1985,"Great open world survival game (albeit early access, it gives full release titles in the same genre a run for their money). Regular updates (meaningful updates at that), community is great granted you join the right server (always very helpful), some say the excitement runs low after the whole map has been explored but as long as you find friends to adventure with or role play with, there are countless hours to be had with this game having a blast. The only gripes I have are that I don't have more time in a day to play and I wish renting a server were cheaper and more server options were available for renting. My favorite update by far is the newer weather system, it adds a great look and feel to the game that was missing before. Keep the awesome updates flowing Entrada!"
,Recommended,299740,30030873,Posted: 19 February,all,sandwich.entity,this game is fit
,Recommended,299740,31229336,Posted: 18 April,all,Side Hug,"Looking for a good, solid survival game? Something that is being updated constantly and has a very didicated team behind the game? Want a world that will immerse you with every little detail from writing on walls in blood to loved ones to the shotgun laying at the fingers of a fallen police officer that was defending a city. Tons of weapons and tons of customizations. This game is in development but has more and is in so much better shape then the competition. Solid game 11/10 really, these guys deserve it, they are working their butts off on this game."
,Recommended,299740,31379265,Posted: 26 April,all,ZyborgTheGopnik,"With 61 hours (right now when I write this review) in the game I feel like I have gotten a huge taste of what the game has to offer. I am going to talk about the good, amazing and buggy game called Miscreated.My first 40-ish hours was me playing 20 minutes, restarting, playing 15ish minutes, restarting and so on. The other 21 hours was like that but i managed to play for longer periods at one go. You see, my f**king GPU was/is overheating and this and Saints Row 4 is the only games this has happened on. Now I have to say that my GPU is pretty old. My rig except for the GPU is pretty High-end, but my GPU not so much. It is a AMD Radeon HD 6800 series GPU (which is going out in the bin in two weeks, so as you might imagine it is getting pretty old. It runs the game smooth on medium, everything is going fine and poof 90 something degrees and... GPU crash xD So yeah. That might be the only game breaking glitch I've encoutered, that have been very annoying.Good things about this game is the detailed world, impressively good First Person View (only need some tweaking) and very good guns (sound is the only negative thing about them. To be honest, the weapon sounds are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Vehicles work most of the times and base building is a lot of fun. I must say this game impress me in a very good way. I look forward to future updates to this gameZyborg :D"
76561198095143909,Recommended,299740,31964913,Posted: 25 May,all,Scavenger,"Basically a pretty good game.Solid Grahpic engine with no light glitches like in DayZ.The Loot spawn is dynammic and innovative.Gun handling is good.And with every update there comes more suvival aspect in the game.Some base building possibilities are missing yet, but if you dont want to focus on base building and instead you want a good ration of survival and pvp then you are good to go with this game!"
76561197979756950,Recommended,299740,32342956,Posted: 11 June,all,*=SAS=* BitS,I've watched countless hours of streams about survival games and finally decided to go with Miscreated. This is hands down my favorite of the bunch and the price tag is definitely a plus. Everytime I play this game I get so immerse into it and hours would pass without me knowing. Its so intense going around looting and possibly running into a hostile situation at any given time. I also love the base building aspect of the game. Graphic is amazing! With great graphics you cannot go wrong. Thousand plus hours played and still going.
,Recommended,299740,32459616,Posted: 15 June,all,Ventus Solace,"This is easily THE best post-apocalyptic survival game i've played and it's still on alpha!The loot-balance is just right, food and water is abundant but everything else is scarce. Just how it's supposed to be if people are about to be extinct!I hope this doesn't become a pay to win game though, and maybe the option to create your own server should be added.So far, i haven't ecnountered any griefers and people are most likely friendly."
,Recommended,299740,32513736,Posted: 17 June,all,MrkyBoy,"´´Miscreated is a multiplayer online hardcore survival game set in a post-apocalyptic future. You will need to survive against mutants, players, and even mother nature herself.´´This game is one of the best survival games I ever played.Gameplay: A vast world filled with beautiful locations is a paradise for those who seek adventure.-There is many enemies you can encounter; other players, so-called ´zombies´, ´jumbo zombies´, ´mutated dogs´, wolfs and others. Jumbo zombies are harder to kill BUT there is a prize for all bullets used.-You can also build your base by aquiring patterns for structures.-It can get boring over time, get some food,search for ammo, go to another city;seach for food,ammo,water,kill zombies.Guns: There is a lot of different guns which are fairly balanced. For instance .22 calibre gun can´t kill a man in one shot because as we all know .22 calibre is very small shell in diameter.YOU ARE GOING TO FIND A LOT OF GUNS BUT VERY SMALL AMOUNT OF AMMO.Pros: Beautiful graphics, excellent gunplay, good animations, base building, recource gathering(wood,metal...), car repairing,a lot of guns,etc..Con(s): I don´t like how walls are put when buliding base,I would rather have base building like in Rust, frame-drops(but not constant,only in major settlements), very cancerous players that will kill you in sight if armed, ammo rare to find..Worth a buy? Yes if you have friends,if not you should search for them. Players that have guns in game will probably kill you in sight no matter if you are armed or not. I had a great time with my cousin and a friend we found via Twitch stream.If you can´t decide to buy it or not, then buy it on sale."
76561198097158184,Recommended,299740,29957763,Posted: 16 February,all,Suicied&Skye,"I think the game has alot of possibilities and not rubbish as the other survival games I've played.  Plus now there is female charaters, finaly."
76561198303970064,Recommended,299740,30063802,Posted: 20 February,all,oreodeth,I have no idea why but everytime i launch the game its always in a small square and i cant reach anything else i really would like some help with this i cannot even play the game and ive deleted it and re downloaded it
,Recommended,299740,30075962,Posted: 21 February,all,Assassin Aus Gaming,"visually appealing open world game with multiple playable options, This game is great to play with your friends and evan solo, make a story for yourslef or play as a bandit to take what you can and give nothing back, Like Base building? this game has a uniqe building system and its enjoyable at that. Its Uniqe Zombies gives a new look and feel to being in a post apocalyptic world. The Environment system has Uniqe Tornadoes and the fog that rolls threw on a misty day gives a great playable experience. This game is a 9/10 for me in my own oppinion and i would recommend this game. Live-Laugh-Play."
76561198354834359,Recommended,299740,31498245,Posted: 1 May,all,Heroin Baby,"this games only fun whem youre playing with people (at least for me). but you might enjoy the first 2 days of it solo like i did, but everyone has there own opinion so you should get it play the first 2 hours and if you dont like it refund it."
76561198153107220,Recommended,299740,33161562,Posted: 2 July,all,tool man,"I feel like after 200+ hours of gameplay it is fitting for me too right a review of this game.This game is unlike any other game I have personally played. And I know there are plenty of other open world survival clones that are much the same. But, this game really does stand out.Considering the game is still in early access and has been for a while, the developers still add very fun updates and patches daily. The game does have it's bugs on occasion and it helps too have a beast computer too play it. But the level of immersion you can get in this game is astounding you can meet all different kinds of people the interaction for me is what makes this game the way it is. The PVP and PVE is really fun and extremely nerve wrecking at times. But when you find a server (whether it be PVE or PVP) settle down and build a sweet a$$ base and collect enough gear for a small army it feels very rewarding. Most times I play this game just relaxing, listening too music, building my base. But when you get a couple friends and decide too take on a 50/50 populated server the game just changes on a dime. So many different interactions from different people, i've found that most people are pretty noob friendly but it's very easy too pick up the concept of the game. I won't sit here and pick apart the whole game piece by piece instead the only advice I can give is buy this game for yourself, find a server you like whether you like PVP or PVE and just enjoy finding new and exciting things every day and come join a great community that grows everyday."
76561198286708058,Recommended,299740,29936531,Posted: 14 February,all,vspecimport,"Great game, just the type of survival game I have been looking for."
76561198056146327,Recommended,299740,29986235,Posted: 17 February,all,Scratchytag,"Cool game but so frustrating when you get killed by someone, you are respawned away from your clan and it can take ages to find each other again especially as there is no accessible map and a right pain having to start all over again each time. apart from that its a great survival game reminisent of The Walking Dead"
76561198152308861,Recommended,299740,30031892,Posted: 19 February,all,MidEvilMayhem,i love this game very much pls add more players and bigger maps and maybe battle royal
76561198175207273,Recommended,299740,30857917,Posted: 31 March,all,sfame1,great game.. Would say better than H!Z! or Dayz.. However the game hurts my neyes when I enter buildings It seems that the game flickers with my smart tv. I tried adjusting all settings on TV and game to no avail.Can only play for about 30 minutes before I have to quit . If they could lighten up the building like the outside you would definitely have a winner ..overall needs a little work8/10
,Recommended,299740,30858677,Posted: 31 March,all,BMilitant,"This game is BY FAR the best open world survival / zombie game there is to date, I've played all of the others dating back to Dayz MOD and Warz... now this game is game I have the most hours in on STEAM. I got my game on a STEAM sale for $10!!! The best $10 game I have ever had and probably ever will own!"
,Recommended,299740,30880945,Posted: 1 April,all,Sir Nemexis,"Fan-f***ing-tastic game, shame it does not get as many players as it deserves."
76561198362722560,Recommended,299740,31212400,Posted: 17 April,all,Domminator,"the game is fun, glitchy, but fun."
76561198126990091,Recommended,299740,32512019,Posted: 17 June,all,Michael Scott,"I don't play this game as much as I used to. But, this is a company who cares about their product. This is a very well made game, I remeber staying up for nights just wrecking noobs. This is the DayZ I've always wanted. Get this game if you love hardcore horror survival games. Graphics are great, player base is great, servers are great, optimization is pretty good. Just get it."
,Recommended,299740,33270100,Posted: 5 July,all,"respect few, fear none !","best & most hardcore survival game.- map as loot- weapon shoot & recoil just like a real one- just remember this : everyone is enemies !if u like survival game, u should try this game"
76561198071072280,Recommended,299740,30054798,Posted: 20 February,all,Unhappy Gilmore,I abosolutly love this game! Still has alot of work to be done but the updates are always coming. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,299740,30091601,Posted: 21 February,all,Rader,well its a good game fun with you buds but as a Warning if you not ready to lose ever thing you have on you this game will get you very mad cuz your probly just going to get runover by a car and lose every thing      I played  for  31 hours had the  best gear and got ran over lost it all was fun till i die but thats what this game is
,Recommended,299740,33157707,Posted: 2 July,all,CrimsonGeneral,its fun as long as you got friends
,Recommended,299740,29873627,Posted: 12 February,all,L1on Celerium.co,really good game :)
,Recommended,299740,29966516,Posted: 16 February,all,akaAntix,"good graphics, kind of hard to find the same server"
,Recommended,299740,29988197,Posted: 17 February,all,CasperTheNerd,there are many bugs but when you get past them the game can be fun
76561197990811647,Recommended,299740,30052645,Posted: 19 February,all,Wotch,This game has the best gunplay hands down!I've played dayz and rust and they just cant obtain at any point the level of immersion that seems to be ever present in this game.
76561198008715166,Not Recommended,299740,33642822,Posted: 18 July,all,Alastair,"This game is fairly interesting for a little while, but if you're playing alone you'll quickly get tired of getting jumped over and over, or being unable to get into a low lag server because all the official ones with a good latency are always full. The gameplay itself isn't bad and the crafting is fairly fleshed out, which if you have a group of friends working with you and watching each other's backs then this would possibly be alot more appealing but solo...just an exercise in aggravation."
76561198099173569,Not Recommended,299740,33542263,Posted: 14 July,all,Gnurren,"When you play a character for 6 hours and get almost all attachments to op weapons, and you get killed by a ladder. WATCH OUT FOR THE LADDERS"
76561198234677740,Not Recommended,299740,35373464,Posted: 1 October,all,(°□°)TradeSkinsFast.com,meh
,Not Recommended,299740,33441751,Posted: 10 July,all,Hoobs,"I really want to recommend this game because i've played it for like 500 h (played constantly 4~6 h) and honestly enjoyed every single second! There are some reasons why this game got my attention, and thats because in this game you can:Build a base, Craft (melee weapons, tools, traps and throwables), Drive a car, and to be a good guy or an a-hole (wether to kill or let go of a survivor). But in fact i have to be Just about this game, it is fun but.. I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING IT! and this is for some reasons:This game is pointless, if u have 1 or 2 friends and found a car in a full server, u can absolutely have fun ingame, but still.. pointless and boring when u know that its just about Looting, Killing, Eating and Drinking, and then repeat on and on.Floating bases: ffs fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! whats the point of building a base when u know others build floating bases (yes, a base flying in the air that u cant reach or raid) now tell me where is the fun? whats the point of building a base already!? Not to mention the dumb 'shoot on sight' community of this game (im totally ok with that).Base inventories: 1 box with 10 slots that holds only 10 items, seriously guys? and the other box that holds 20 items is also craftable that u need to find its guide first in order to build, thats 30 slot, and still not enough.. so what do u do? Yes, u start packing things into cars and store them there (10 slots inventory for every car), so you store an AK, 16mod Assault with a laser and holosight and 1 sniper Rifle (sniper rifles are rare items in this game) and then suddenly, car despawns after 1 or 2 days with all of ur stuff in it, just like that :) So Frustrating, And Boring.Another terrible thing in this game, which is the disconnecting without reason.. but thats not the problem! the problem is while u r being disconnecting u stay still in the server for like ~1 min and sometimes u get killed in the process and lose all your stuff! So fair, yeah ik..Still, i would recommend game in case:Floating bases gets rearranged.Server disconnectings gets fixed.And for god's sake make some contests in this game, make it worth spending time on!"
,Not Recommended,299740,34279516,Posted: 16 August,all,Mama Farthole,♥♥♥♥ all to do
76561197971298962,Recommended,299740,25158264,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TerribleNate,"Ran around, found a person. Asked to see his♥♥♥♥♥♥ He hit me with an axe. 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,28173868,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LewLew,"Miscreated...So when I first bought this game and played it, I couldn't get the grips of it at all so I refunded the game.Then a few months later my friend wanted me to get it and i said no it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ But i looked at the reviews and everyone was regretting their refund, So i bought the game a second time and fell in love with it.10/10 Would refund and buy again :/"
76561198070100653,Recommended,299740,16340412,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Milehighkush,"A buetiful game that is by far the greatest feeling zombie game to date,graphics are awesome gameplay mechanics are smooth and preety cool ,wish the free look was more like arma's ,but for the actual gameplay walking around scavaging deciding the risk of the situation and dealing death or lending a hand,its simply fun fun fun.for the price i payed i would have been happy to pay double,great game i jus hope the devs keep on track and lean away from the dayz type feel"
,Recommended,299740,27133438,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hebe,Interesting and beautiful game
,Recommended,299740,28625890,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Nemo,yes
,Recommended,299740,26740352,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Vollkettenfahrzeug,"I have spent about 20 hours in this game, and I can say that this game is awesome in its current state (alpha), but it can be further improved with update. I suggest to improve the base building system (so that the base can be heavily fortified), coz it is one of the feature i love the most in this game. Keep up the good work!NOTE: Sorry for my bad english"
76561198166608694,Recommended,299740,32606963,Posted: 20 June,all,★ Shi Ren Panda ★,"Miscreated is one of the best PC Games/ Survival Games I have ever played. Even though it is still in early alpha, the gameplay, the stories you make with friends and random players, the small details such as working animations and other survival gadgets that would be used in real-life situations are all very much complete for now. There are countless things to do such as exploring, surviving, building and hunting players, animals and even zombies. There are far too many small details to go over in this review and so I feel that the only real way to experience what this game has to offer it to purchase it and join the community. The graphics are absolutely incredible and the rain/ environmental effects are something else <3! I do however feel that the Zombies/Mutants should pose more of a threat as they can be easily be killed and avoided. More AI skins (Mutant Skins/ Models) need to be added to increase the realism however, this is nothing major. With it being in Alpha, the game does have its bugs however they are not serious. P.S (Gas Mask spawn needs buffed, I NEED TO FIND ONE!)."
76561198048438558,Recommended,299740,26680701,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hary,Great game lots of fun with friends but had a lot of bugs that new to be fixed but they will get there
76561198200140393,Recommended,299740,26695635,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Syndrome,In a scale from 1 to 10 i give 10 to Miscreated. The graphics are so realistic that sometimes the heart rate goes up and the hand begins to tremble. Also sounds are incredibly realistic and complete the picture of a perfect game.
76561198303986607,Recommended,299740,26760229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ian,So fun But i Suggest you find a server who speak on English Language cause when you go to a chinese server you are pretty much ♥♥♥♥ if you don't speak chinese they will kill you. Anyway game is cool i suffer headache when i die cause i have to do all over again but overall its good game is still in alpha phase but looking good so far there are minimal bugs i've encountered and few glitches.little tips if you are new to this game if you someone with a gun just raise your hand and tell them you are fresh spawn so they wont kill you. if you see someone without a gun aproaching you tell them to stop either they want to kill you for fun.Good Game worth the money so as i say! Thumbs Up Totally Recommended
,Recommended,299740,27132046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyperon,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥better than DayZthis game will take ur life
76561198116355056,Recommended,299740,28230050,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sworean,Never mind people are people are jack asses
76561198126188867,Recommended,299740,28460975,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,killerace18,"idk how anyone could give the a crappy review, this game is 40 times better than any other survival game that i have ever played.  On top of that, the update are more often then most. Trust me buy this game."
,Recommended,299740,28615053,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lamalaugher,Ahhh yes the ultimate rage simulator (At least the Devs are active)
76561198103662360,Recommended,299740,28640583,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BANANA RAMA!!,Awesome game. I like how many people are on the server at one time. It always startles me when I see someone. Right before I drop him and loot his corpse.
,Recommended,299740,29047797,Posted: 5 January,all,Vortex,good
76561198258120619,Recommended,299740,29482254,Posted: 25 January,all,WuShunYao,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198072483150,Recommended,299740,28277615,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,JayS101,1 of the best team survival and building games ive played to date
,Recommended,299740,25404701,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SquatCobbler81,"It's like if DayZ worked, mixed with Stalker, with better graphics."
76561197995980025,Recommended,299740,25443537,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,schultzy101,"Kinda like if Dayz and Rust met, and fuqd...  Miscreated would be there offspring. I like the bigger map on Dayz, and the stealth and tactical gameplay of Dayz... But Miscreated has base building, and less glitchy, and lil more fluent controls. Less simulationyish than Dayz, more actionyish like Rust.Personally I think Dayz will end up bein a better game, but Miscreated is a good time, until Dayz gets its♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
76561198067696443,Recommended,299740,26019826,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MagicalJizz,awesome!!!
76561198046353352,Recommended,299740,26341572,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Powderypolecat,"Coming from the golden era of Dayz when it first came out as a mod for Arma 2. Miscreated is everything I was hoping that the Dayz Standalone would be (and has taken less time getting there.)  Miscreated keeps getting better with every patch and there have been many at this point, showing the devs actually want to improve their game. So if you enjoyed the good old days of dayz like myself but love the additions that mods like epoch brought with base building you will love this game.   This game has crafting which is easy to understand, basebuilding is easy (no snapping problems, everything is freemoving as you place it), a growing map, and more additions like new guns and vehicles. I can't however give you the perspective as a single player because I try to play with atleast one other person during my playtime; its always good to have someone watch your back.  So if you do decide to pick this up (which is super cheap for what it brings) I wish you the best of luck on your survival."
,Recommended,299740,26491064,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MAXR,Excellent
76561198084453680,Recommended,299740,26036635,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,╬ Lemasee ❈,"A amazing and beautiful game, but people have figured out how to build floating bases and its really annoying, but other then that this game is amazing and i suggest it to everyone"
,Recommended,299740,26253042,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,COCKMAN,"So, I am not a fan of writing a review for Early Access Games.That being said, this game ... is one of the only true survival gamesout there that will give you a true personal connection and immersion.The game is missing some elements but,they are pushing out updates every month or so, soo thats awesome!Graphics are the most beautiful of all survival games by far and the most stable,60 + fps on Ultra graphics if you have even half decent PC to play on, I had70 something with i3 and 960 GTX 2gb version on Ultra, so I bet some evenLow Mid range pc's will play it no problem if you play around with Options.Just get it, if you love open world (world being an island, pretty big tho) with lotsof loot and different stuff to do from base building to clan wars to just plainexploring and getting the best loot you can, or trying to survive a night, eventhat sometimes is hard if you play alone and go into the woods !Graphics 9/10  (in its genre)Game-play 8/10 (still missing some stuff but its being worked on, so I will update later)Community is Good Standing  (you never know, but most of the times people are willingto help and not just KOS)Overall      8.7/10       (Will update as the game progresses)"
,Recommended,299740,26368451,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,supreme,"Nice game, not that much content to do right now but i trust the devs."
,Recommended,299740,27319398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crank ~|UP|~,"Great game, work together.Short n Sweet now give me my badge Steam!"
,Recommended,299740,28107765,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CHIKUN [Eng/No/Swe],"I enjoy this because of it being like a nice soup of DayZ, H1Z1 and various other zombee survival games.What I foremost enjoy is:Stamina doesnt deplete when runningand the added bonus of aim isnt affected. (We enjoy realism but we also enjoy gaming)Crafting and base building, that stuff keeps even the non PVPer active.Graphically the game looks great, there's a lot of love put in to this.Small things like VoIP is whisper when crouching. That's brilliant.and other small things that theyve kept from other games.I do not enjoy that there are:Too few items and none are location based.The map has a invisible wall feature instead of hidden via enviroment.All of the bugs (Sound and etc)The limited amount of settings (Distance view is horribly low)Nighttime (Even on official servers) are 4 hours long and way too dark (as if there is no moon reflecting light, nor stars)No clan ""FF off"" or name over head when clan/group member.So what do I end up doing?I launch the game, expect nothing, lollygag and leave. There's no actual gaming, only annoying other people or poking a giant mutant to see how fast they run after you.I recommend it only because it has potential. But that also mean it has potential to go straight to hell like some has."
76561198088623973,Recommended,299740,30434698,Posted: 10 March,all,Lone_wonderer69,i love this game developers been doing a good job and been updating often enough to keep me hook hope they make the map bigger
,Recommended,299740,21606389,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Frosty,lovely amzing game just need to find my one bike helmet guy
76561198191033885,Recommended,299740,21957015,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Night King,"Very exciting game, but don't trust people unless you make some sort of connection"
,Recommended,299740,22115798,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bonnie [Lith] [Core],this game is great to look at its like last of us and dayz and rust all to gather i see a great game in this i would like to see the player mabey openable doors openable cabnets and i recommend other people try this game out its a great game i would love to see new zombies in the game its a great game to buy and to roleplay on its more fun with friends
,Recommended,299740,22142474,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Hamm3rDanceLIVE,"This is shaping up to be a great game. I bought that game on the first day of release and yes it was very un playable in the beginning. Now, the game has so many features and runs completely smooth. This is a true survival game for any of you DAYZ veterans out there looking to get into something new! A+++"
76561198308097544,Recommended,299740,24946437,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sir McAfee,"I can already tell this is a great game, but the windows are messing up and not being in the right spots so i cant play full screen since i cant click on the button to make it work, and then in the smaller screen i cant see all of my inventory. I highly reccomend this game, but i would love it if this could be fixed for myself and whoever else is having this problem.."
,Recommended,299740,25083978,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Vestic,"Likes:-Scarcity of items is real-combat is exciting-crafting is simple but very deep-graphics are decent-framerate is excellentDislikes:-Moving while shooting should carry penalty in terms of accuracy-No tips/guides, have to learn everything on your own or from forums"
,Recommended,299740,25250247,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ɹɯɐƃǝƃɐɹ,Story of my life.
76561198208931673,Recommended,299740,25527813,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Warpath,"Load up, picked a server and spawned in. Met some Mexican guy and after exchanging a few words he spoke rough english to me. He said he was going to meet his friends and I could join him. Found one, found a second one, we all decide to point our flashlights in each others eyes for a bit. The second I turned my back on one of them I die from a hatchet to the back of the head (I assume). 10/10 Would hang out with random Mexicans again"
76561198319438429,Recommended,299740,26037374,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,YelloPiss,this game is pretty dope from looting around to running into other players its fun
,Recommended,299740,28120539,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,UnusuallyUncommon,Good game :)
76561198075824066,Recommended,299740,31076364,Posted: 11 April,all,KidYamiR6,Lock  N  Looooooot !
,Recommended,299740,21949959,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Shibalba,"Fun, Its scary and suspenseful.  Better with friends."
76561198043243049,Recommended,299740,21951183,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pepe,Gud Gaim FeelsGudMan
,Recommended,299740,22557892,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,iEdy,So ♥♥♥♥ing Funny
76561198102423866,Recommended,299740,22589089,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kurtox,"Best survival horror game i´ve never played, its better than DayZ and h1z1, best textures, community... etc, really good game buy it"
76561198238896042,Recommended,299740,24987003,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dongers,-Spawned near Sultan-Found a baseball bat and some clothing-Went to Woodhaven-Found an HK45c with no ammo-Went to Hayward valley♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 10 Mutants-Found Ammo and a rifle with 4 bullets-Punched to death11/10 would go to city again
,Recommended,299740,25089049,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kranous,Best survival game!
76561198085665435,Recommended,299740,25176130,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,lowellhall,love it
,Recommended,299740,25182567,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jordino.,"Very fun game. Gives me a DayZ/H1Z1 feel and except it feels really smooth and the physics are way better in this game. The game has a lot more potential from more patches, and also seems to have a good amount of playability."
76561197971066403,Recommended,299740,25188395,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zeropath,Not better than DayZ.  Not worse than DayZ.  Different than DayZ.
76561198003675192,Recommended,299740,25415948,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Deimos,"Was really surprised, bought this for £7ish quid, was expecting sub par, and what i got was the aplha of what looks to be a great game. Really enjoying it.That said, there is work to be done, but, i did buy an alpha game so i expexted as much.I would recommend this"
76561198071977183,Recommended,299740,25418437,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,JIMBO,Very fun game. Immersive. Some player are nice if you give them a chance.If you want a open world survival game this is it. Lots of progress being made.In good shape for an alpha. Also very very nice graphics.  :)
,Recommended,299740,25501428,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,StoneSlate,really getting tired of leaving a server and coming back and im in the middle of the water and all my stuff is gone....
76561198297572620,Recommended,299740,25649259,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Iron_Fist,most addictive game ever cant stop playing it !
,Recommended,299740,26296171,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LIL Duckie™,"This game is SUPER pretty, i have had so much fun with this game and the devs are hard at work with fixes and new exciting items and places! THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST SURVIVAL GAMES OUT THERE!"
,Recommended,299740,26302745,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ThatOneHibana,"Great Graphics gameplay good but, it take a long time to get in  a server overall would recommend"
,Recommended,299740,26327388,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Scyfer,"This game is simply amazing, and not too boring with no friends because of its good community.Pros:Beutiful graphicsGood communityGood Inventory systemNot really any ridiculous glitches (from my experience)good guns and soundsVery good sized map where you will most definitly meet people (friendly and bandit)And many more to comeCons:Gun play is good, but could use some work as well as something to make it feel a little less clunky.Not enough tornadoes (I have yet to see one, but I know they exist... where they at?)!!!KEEP IN MIND THAT THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS AND THERE ARE MUCH MORE GOOD THINGS TO COME... SO FOR NOW I WILL SAY THAT I RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ALL PEOPLE. ENJOY!!!Helmets do nothing for some reason, they should at least prevent one bullet to the head and then they break."
76561197968268146,Recommended,299740,26359127,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kez,"pretty good, enjoing it more than h1z1 and dayz."
,Recommended,299740,26362908,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bowser from Sonic,I loved it! The sucky part of all this is that my computer was having freezing issues (Not with the game) I probably will buy it again I just had to refund it because of that issue.All in all wonderful graphics makes me feel good :)
,Recommended,299740,26368038,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,✪ Evilbear15,ok so this is a good game but there is a lil lag on a GTX 960
,Recommended,299740,26371153,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,AdDiKT,"In my 71 hours i can say i know 90% things about this game  :Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Good engine-First person view looks really good-Cars,looting,pvp,character looks,bicycle-Animals and their behaviour /squirrels,deers,rats,snakes-Mutants are not that bad or bugged lets say they are okay ,i've seen worse on dayz , those are kinda smart in this game-Weather is very realistic-Weapons-Towns especially biggest one looks dope (that building with plane crashed in it daaaam some dank♥♥♥♥♥♥xD)-Details-Houses and interiors-Textures-Shooting mechanics-Driving mechanics-Controls are simple and easy to learn-You can only jump 3 times in a row then you get exhausted (its good for pvp otherwise people would just bunny hop)-There is ♥♥♥♥ing BUS in the game and 20people can get inside haha its fun-Fps for me is really good if i lower down few things in video options (but i got good computer)-Roleplaying & having fun with random people strangersCons:-Bugs-Armors or clothing doesnt give you any protection aganist bullets or mele dmg its just looting slot and good looks for now...so its same if you are naked or with military gear and helmet .. its TOTAL SAME-Vehicles are bugged , you get easily stuck on anything ,i destroyed police car with 2 hits from pistol .45 and it had 100% hp , bicycle gets stuck in the ground and it wont get unbugged-There IS BIG PROBLEM : So i went with friend to roam and every time he changed his weapon i heard sound of gunshot and there was even a animation of him shooting and reloading the gun BUT HE DIDNT DO IT , it was only a bug , and anyone could hear it , and we found out if he loggs out it would stop for some time... man this bug is gamebreaking for pvp .. i died because of that like million of times..PLEASE FIX!!!-Fall dmg , you can walk on rocks and slide down from a rock that looks like its impossible to fall from and die..-Sound bugs ...someone shots you and you die but it happens without any sound , you just die without sound..-Sounds / direction of sounds is really hard to tell because if someone shoots 5m shotgun away from you , you wont be able to know is it right left behind infront .. and STEPS SHOULD BE LOUDER , its hard when someone shoots infront of you and then he just magically dissapears and appears behind you because there is no sound direction.. THAT SHOULD BE FIXED MAN!-Bug animation of getting hit and getting blood on the screen but there is no damage , its just annoying-When any server restarts all Vehicles get to 0% oil or 0% fuel no matter if you refueled it before reset.. annoying...so you always have to get another fuel and oil in the cars..-Mutants get stuck sometimes but its not so big issue still its bug-Big mutants are hard to kill with mele weapons - thats good thing , you need to shoot them but if you use cars to run them over they wont even try to attack you if you are in the car, devs should make them harder to kill with cars , maybe they should attack and be able to damage cars? would be nice.. since they drop good loot-Bases are too easy to make and its too easy to raid .. that is just stupid.. but thats how it is,you can make base in like 5mins if you find 1x Nails and its super easy to find them , and a hatchet ofcourse..and with one hatchet you can get as much wood as you want if you hit it ..its unrealistic as ♥♥♥♥..-Floating bases that are hard to raid only with trucks and stacking wheels and fuel to get on trucks then inside the base.. its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ please fix..-Bows - there should be option to put out bow without shooting an arrow if you click right click..and maybe picking arrows?? would be great since its hard to find them and its♥♥♥♥♥♥weapon , i personally never use bow or crossbow if i can use guns..-There is bug when your weapon dissapears in first person so it looks like you are holding nothing-Bug when you alt tab and your mouse cursor appears and you cant remove it if you dont reset the game-Damage with weapons is random sometimes should be worked on that ,but for now headshot with any gun is kill.. not bad but we would love some more reliable numbers lets say on your site so we know for sure what weapon gives how much dmg to what part of the body and not so random dmg...hitboxes should be fixed a bit-Crafting interface looks a bit complicated and hard to use..-Server list gets buggy easy.. and it wont show servers in history too , should be reworked-YOU CANT PRONE :((((( hope they put it in game-When you loot someone and take their guns , it can look still that they got that gun on their body but they dont..-FPS drops on maxed out settings / especially when driving it comes to 30ish , and in cities its 45-55 , its bad , but if i lower down few things it comes to 70-110 thats good but i want to enojoy maxed settings , i got 1080 :( #feelsbadmanTo be honest i like the game , and this bugs are really annoying .. but i like the game really.. and i cant give negative review ... but if they dont fix it then i will give negative review.Game is enjoyable , superfun  PLEASE FIX BUGS <3I love survival games and this one is 7/10 if they fix some major bugs it will be 10/10 for sure :)"
,Recommended,299740,26403578,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Saucey_Pants,"good game, DEV that actually cares...quite refreshing actually. Frequent updates, thery listen to the community"
76561198024270997,Recommended,299740,26478728,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,loupfu,"All isn't perfect (like this review) but Miscreated is in alpha stage and in overall, is a high quality game, unlike other ones that wade in the approximation, with painfully slow progress !So, here we have (11.08.16) :+ Photorealistic graphics+ Lot of immersive details, inside and outside+ Rather well optimized+ Good weapon feeling+ Fluid moves+ Some vehicles (but I didn't test)+ Neat UI+ Good loot balancing+ Convincing sound effects+ Good atmopshere, great weather effects+ Not many bugs- Rather long to start (launching, loading, browsing, loading)- No real threat (nearly no mutants, so far, I just saw some surivor players)- In general, the animations are good but they could add some such as, for example, climb a fence, and improve some transitions like getting in/out of the water, vehicle, or the change of weapon, etc.- No real interaction with decorative elements (door, chair, window)I have confidence in this project, the foundations are strong, and the game effectively improves update by update.So, yes, very good survival game, but, at the moment, not the ultimate horror one that we all want. When there will be real threats all over the map, Miscreated will reach another dimension..."
,Recommended,299740,26482304,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[ASB] Art Vandelay,This game really gives me the business.
,Recommended,299740,27515600,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skiru,"I really have no idea why people don't play Miscreated rather than DayZ. DayZ has been in development for a much longer amount of time than Miscreated has, and Miscreated has already passed DayZ on the content scale, visuals, and how fast bugs are patched... for♥♥♥♥♥♥sake, It took the DayZ devs years to patch zombies going through walls, and you still break your legs from a 3 foot fall!"
76561198163358032,Recommended,299740,27843227,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lord Berg,Will be grate in the future!
76561198194142069,Recommended,299740,29438543,Posted: 23 January,all,Shumski,"Bought the game, played for an hour found loads of food, clothes and a hunting knife.  Roamed around the map and ended in a town. Some guy was trying to repair a car and didn't notice me. Knifed him to death. Easy loot, easy life.The game feels like DayZ Standalone put on an H1Z1 similar looking map. It's nice, a bit empty yet but overall good and simple.If you are a returning Survial MO Gamer and want something fresh but familiar then Yes - this game seems to have it.If this is the first game you think of bying to get into the genre itself, again Yes - go for it. The game is once again simple, runs smoothly and there are no eyepocking obvious game breaking bugs from the very start unlike other games in the same category. (Cough, cough not going to mention titles :D)So wether yo're going to be a Lone Wolf, a good guy or run in a group of bandits or heroes (excuse me for the DayZ terminology but it is the most fitting), wether you're an experienced Old Dog in the genre or a harmless Bambi, give it a try - I'm sure you won't regret it.Summary:- Standard price for an EA Acess game. (Worth it if you have the spare cash.)- Runs smoothly (no noticebale FPS lag etc.)- No obvious game breaking glitches.- A bit empty but not so much to instantly say it's an Early Alpha.- Loads of Video Settings options to be able to customize it the best way so it fits your PC demands.- Clear and simple in-game UI and HUD. Inventory can be worked on but for now it's good enough.- Crafting, cars, bases. Overall it has most of the features that a game from the genre should have.- Graphics are nice. Nothing special but the game looks rather pretty.- Sounds and particularly ambience sounds need improvement. Sure they'll get it.- Controls are simple and smooth. However the leaning left and right feature can be worked on and the lack of a prone button is a little bit odd.- Originality. Zombies are replaced with mutants everything else is as much the same as the concept of other games in the genre. (So no. It's not very original, but it works as a good replacement for older and less enjoyable games in the Survival category.)Overall rating: 8/10 taking in account it's an EA Acess title and comparing it to similar games in the same genre."
,Recommended,299740,24807251,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Cloud 9 PePe,Very fun game to play whit friends and create graphics.buy if you like zombie and play whit friends.
,Recommended,299740,25249343,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,TommyTheCommy,"Best ""Zombie"" survival game i have played even the walking is fun!IT has mutants not zombies thoe but they are basicly the same but look different  with special mutants too!-Tomato man"
76561198074560247,Recommended,299740,25404345,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,WesleySniper187,"this game has gone so far in the right direction,,if only evryone waited to give review,,i play dayx survival type gams alot,and this game is up there,and maybe a bit bettter in ways,,solid 60 fps with all setting ultra,,,a must own survival game,,get it now while its 10 bucks,,it will go up in price once people catch on to how cool this game is now,,and sooo beatiful to look at,,this game is not what i boought 1yr ago,,this is great,,must buy,,get it whilke its on sale"
76561198328615920,Recommended,299740,26097237,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CAT1984,我们需要中文
,Recommended,299740,26410243,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Edward0293,"Honestly the worst thing about this game is the menu music, its terrible, other than that since the recent update the game is great and some if not most negative reviews about the game are outdated and from before the game was updated. In the 8 hours ive played so far I have yet to encounter any bugs although im sure there are some. 9/10 would recommend if you're into survival games."
76561198335292330,Recommended,299740,26492855,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,KILLaMAN7890,"I was definetly hesitant on buying this game. I am pretty new to PC in general and really wanted a great post apocalyptic survival game. I didnt want to buy DayZ because I've heard so-so things about it, but the reviews for this were mixed as well. So I shucked out the 20$ and bought Miscreated. As soon as i got to the main menu the music caught my attention immediately. It's only one song but it is an amazing song. Perfect for the post apocalyptic world! But i was still worried. I joined a random server with not so many people in case they target fresh meat. I spawned in the middle of the forest and was immediatly in love with the graphics and the way the world looks. It is amazing! I traversed a while and came to a small town and found a vehicle i wanted to fix and take. Then over the area chat someone asked if i wanted some help and I thought to my self ""Ah hell. I'm dead"" But I rolled the dice and met up with this guy who has obviously been playing for awhile. He had weapons and a vehicle and knew what he was doing. He was as nice as can be. Drove me around to find pieces for the car and repeatedly asked if I needed anything. (Food, water, etc.) Eventually I was all set and we parted  ways. The experience I had was great! Overall, I thought the game looked great and plays great! Yes it is still buggy here and there but nothing game breaking for me. I really do not understand why it has such mixed reviews but i thoroughly enjoy this game and will continue to do so. Please give it a shot and i cant wait to see what else comes from this game with updates and whatnot. I apologize if my review is not the best but the game is great and worth the risk. If anyone ever needs some help and wants to team up then friend me and dont be shy! Hope you all enjoy the game is I did and do!"
76561198347801226,Recommended,299740,28119768,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,2432404604,这款游戏真心不错，主要是联机生存找基友，然后套路别人。
76561198309987066,Recommended,299740,26452004,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Noodles,Overall a really good game if you like surviving from mutants/zombies and looting
,Recommended,299740,26619638,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,heavium,"I got this game years ago and it's great to see where it has gotten...having had some issues in the beginning this team never gave up and the game kept getting better and more beautiful and immersive. Also worth mentioning there is hardly any kill on sight action, i feared this always with online survival games, it can be frustrating, but never had any such frustrating situations in this one.  Devs often show up on streams from people playing it which also shows they are not making another survival game product to sell, they're working on something they truly treasure and want feedback on during this proces."
,Recommended,299740,29699389,Posted: 4 February,all,Popeye,"miscreated is very similar to dayZ, but it runs better and is allot less clunky, I am happy with my purchase"
76561198094043912,Recommended,299740,30466438,Posted: 12 March,all,Cringy Vape Lord,Very fun zombie survival scavenge game. Its like a better DayZ.
,Recommended,299740,22693821,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Lil Lmao,"Guy: Im friendlyme: trust no one!""noise of a gun being reloaded""""guy shoots me I die""guy: whoops my finger sliped10/10 would buy this game again"
76561198011681567,Recommended,299740,25156411,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Last Level Last Life,"Im in a love-hate relationship with this piece of cutie.If you play this game, prepare to get rekt, in fact you will get rekt a lot, by other players, bugs, crashes, but all that♥♥♥♥♥♥is still worth it. Or its just mer trying to excuse myself for spending 400+ hours on it.Atmosphere is nice, you never know when somebody pops you in the back of the head, then again they never know when you throw molotow on them. Ground based bases is not an option in this game, before starting building a base, its best to find some bluiprints that enables you to craft different type of structures that make life more easier. If you don't know where to search it would take ages, if you know where to search that can be found in much shorter period. When I first started I had a lot of issues finding guns, but it was because I was running in circles in player spawn areas such as Pinecrest, never go there, you will not find anything there."
76561198152343272,Recommended,299740,26615155,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Rothhaus,"Really good survival game, the game has changed alot recently (in 2016) so its not bad at all anymore. I would say this is my favorite survival game right now. Ive got 200 hours of play time as of now and they´ll definitely continue to rise! Really good game especially when you play it with friends, definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,299740,27542165,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kenway csgoatse.com,I'm so annoyed I spent 25 euro on DayZ in the past...
,Recommended,299740,25182711,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tricks,"POSITIVES- This game is just awesome, some serious thought and care has been put into this. The detail and immersion is unbelievable.- The threat of others players and the mutants is real. Looting is a lot of fun and almost every building in enterable.- Regular updates to the game, bring you back. I love almost everything about this alpha.NEGATIVES- Joining a server with a friend can be tricky, there are no options for favoriting a server or joining your friends server. You just have to search the list.- Second and this is MAJOR for me. There is only one company that offers server hosting and at the time of this review they are charging 35.64 Euros for a server! Thats amlost $55 Canadian for a game that is still in alpha development. The creators of this game shouls offer there fdiles to another trusted company as to force a bit of competition in hopes of bringing prices down. For maximum exsposure allow players who love this game to host a server for their community at a resonable price.CONCLUSION- This is the game I have been waiting for since DayZ Epoch and Arma 3 Epoch/Exile. My friends and I love this game and are starting to get really good. I can't wait to see where this game goes from here, but so far it looks awesome.PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE bring the price of server hosting down for all to enjoy. Your popularity will increase greatly from it."
76561198076051848,Recommended,299740,25385707,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Bakedheadhunter,Very good game. Great atmosphere/Immersion.
76561198000546960,Recommended,299740,25496420,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mr Sinister,"Been a long time since i had played this game (around a year+) and after putting on the other day i have to admit the improvements are massive once again.I was having cronic trouble on it actually with my GPU running very hot (GTX 980,i7-4720hq,16gig ram, before we get the usual ""must be a potato"" BS) but after playing it again recentlyit seems to be running alot better.The other problem was cronic networking issues, that also seems to be not a problem now as far as i can tell, or at the very least, massively improved upon.The gaming world is improved again, new sights to see, new animals which chase you (two headed mutant dog thing and wolf alike) and just over all looks amazing.Id say this game is still more for the PvP'er which i dont mind, its good fun in that way, especially getting flattened by a truck full of deranged gibbons.Didnt get much into the crafting side (as i was in a full 50 player server and was trying my best not to get ""culturally enriched"" so to speak) of it but saw plenty of structures, some good, many really bad but down to bad placement by the players.Overall it was great to play again and i have never once regret purchasing miscreated from the moment it came out, it still needs work, but that work is indeed happening and happening well.One of the best EAccess games on steam along with the other high fliers.Shame about the garbage that lets the Early access platform down, but miscreated sure isnt one of them.8/10 Overall from me."
76561198091530987,Recommended,299740,26356056,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Huncho,Okay this game is amazing great world to explore amazing graphics and looting sistem players are very friendly i think that this game has a bright future i recommend this game
76561198041469712,Recommended,299740,26414500,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,t.tv/t.tv,"I love this game.  I perticularly like the RP aspect of some of the servers like Dirty World and on a lesser extent on Teamwork and Tactics.  The communities even in some KOS servers are generally pretty friendly. This is the first game where I have made a lot of online friends,  It can be really daunting at first, especially if you're like me and have never played the survival genre.  I found the best way is put yourself out there and run into people that will at the very least give you a funny interaction, hopefully team up and  help you out. Just be careful as there are many players that just want to kill you no matter what.  Just explore the many servers and you're bound to fall in love with one. You will die many times and it can be frustrating at times, it took me forever to get my first legit kill, but the payout is worth it.  Definately a great adrenaline experience when you're in a firefight and actually come out on top.10/10 would buy the 4 pack for my friends again."
,Recommended,299740,21976273,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Gett,"This game is very fun, slow but steady updates, excited to see what is to come"
76561198125973574,Recommended,299740,26418188,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PinkPrick,Absolutley must get game!They just just so much time into this.My first day.Spawned at a village nothing too special.I found an axe and some decent clothes.I go follow the roads to find a city.I was watching something on my phone and i hear Turn around or i will shoot!I turn aroundHe turns out friendly i run away.I find a gasmask and a shotgun.
76561198022220519,Recommended,299740,29727855,Posted: 5 February,all,Pakistani Denzel,12+ hours chasing tornados. Worth it thoBuy this game RFN!
,Recommended,299740,22076497,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Phantasm,i would recommend this game but the only problems iv found so far is not alot of settings options like not being able to disable shadows and no very low detail settings so you will need a good computer that can handle a game like this i dont have a good gaming computer so i get 2 fps
,Recommended,299740,25414854,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,"wicked trout basket, honey",runs and plays better than dayz
76561198119037676,Recommended,299740,25616254,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,K1N3T1C4L_K4OS,"I spent the first couple of hours getting rekkt by every KOS nerd out there with an axe, hammer, knife, gun and even a squeegee lol. It was fun though. For some reason it is less frustating in this game then other survivial games. I don't know why though .. it just is.But that just is part of the survival genre of course and it all changes very quickly when you get in a team and you run around geared up. People are alot less hostile to you and other geared teams are seemingly more interactive and friendly with us instead of just engaging us. Funny how respect is heightened when confronted by a team of geared players lol :-)Apart from the Melee system which feels a bit clunky and jittery sometimes (which I am sure will be fixed) ... I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of the game thus far and found myself thoroughly enjoying exploring the land with absolutley no idea where I was or where I was going and the PvP is great so far.I spent over an hour battling the wilderness trying to find and reach the radio tower where my friends were at. At the same time trying to avoid the wolf packs that dwell everywhere waiting for their next meal to enter their territory. This is pretty hard sometimes as the agro distance seemed to vary. But even that is not tedious and due to the world and weather elements being so immersive and beautiful ... the running simulator 2016 is actually satisfying this time.Like Melisandre says; ""The night is dark and full of terrors"". This is very fitting as the night is as dark as it gets and pretty intimidating considering that torches can be seen from a HUGe distance (which is awesome BTW).TLDR - Love the game. Can't wait to see the future of Miscreated and what it will become. :-)"
,Recommended,299740,25741103,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hunter,"LOVE this game, havn't stopped playing it since i bought it about 3days ago. It's at a good price for $20 and on sale for $10 is an absolute steal!"
,Recommended,299740,25920710,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CatsWhale,"so....I Spawn in at the Barn area near one of the water towers,As i am strolling through the Lush forest, and suddenly i get attacked by a bloody Mutant-pedo who continues to poke me with his spear arm. So im running away and i encounter this strange parade of people who are in underwear leaning from left to right as they walked down this road. I soon got very scared. I was questioning the satanic behaviour happening in this game. Luckily i found a gold cross in a barn, i then felt safe as this unholy behaviour would be Driven away by the power of my cross.But....Then the scariest thing ever happened to me.So as i was looting pinecrest i hear this feint noise. Which somewhat resembled someone talking.So i unholstered my 9 mm pistol and took a look outside... And what i saw shocked me. A man with a hatchet was hacking at a dead body, Screaming words uknown to this planet. So then i thought "" Nah stuff this"" so i disconnected my PC from everything, took it to the nearest church and threw it in a pool of holy water, i then said a prayer, hoping i would never see it again...10/10 unholy simulator for satanic sacrifice purposes only.:)"
76561198166769084,Recommended,299740,25996748,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,OP TAYLOR X,respawned after hours of play without any of my gear! there is a suicide option after 5 minutes?? i just exited the game! i don't know where all my stuff is of where i was just walking around to find the stuff i just found! took me ages to find a wheel for a car! WTF ! need to fix this respawn issue! this game could have potential if there was a map and if you didn't die and lose your stuff then you might aswell say you only have 1 life and 1 chance at this game! also i don't know how to craft my own house n stuff its confusing...
,Recommended,299740,26025894,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MurderFace,"Great game. Runs great, and looks amazing. Just a little short on content atm, but as often as it's patched I'm sure that will change soon enough. I can't wait to see the finished product."
76561198319342743,Recommended,299740,26028307,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Chrysler,"Its like rust and H1Z1 HAD A BABY, AND ITS ACTUALLY GOOD."
76561198015990378,Recommended,299740,26030074,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LooseScrew,"This is a Great first person/survival game, one of the best that I have tried. I thoroughly enjoy it. Great job guys!!"
76561197976973168,Recommended,299740,26252963,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,chaosofcreation,"I really dig this game. It's nice on the eyes, few bugs so far (riding a bike can be intresting let alone getting it out of the ground once you hop off) and can be really, really random at times. But I love random, I love accidently getting aggro from a hulking mutant that chases me all over the police station as I use up every last one of the few precious shotgun shells I just found in a desk drawer next to a garden gnome, I like randomly taking rifle fire from no where and then returning the favor, flanking the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and beating their head in with a baseball bat because they ran out of bullets trying to kill me and then looting their still warm corpse for their can of peaches. My one suggestion is finding an empty server so you can get used to the controls, mapping keys and learning the loot/hud and what houses have the best stuff and getting used to traveling tactically, always being aware of what's going on around you and knowing where to avoid.  ♥♥♥♥ing \m/ and I love it."
,Recommended,299740,26372150,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Find your Purpose,nice
76561198019710144,Recommended,299740,26430993,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,NL|DHG|Tha_Playah,"Miscreated, one of the best survival games i ever played. I would recomend this game to anyone! (except the ones with a bad heart)+ Good graphics! (better than any survival game atm)+ The scare factor when you hear someone walking, and dont have enough bullets.+ Gameplay+ comunication between players+ The sounds of moving and interacting with the envirement- its at Alfa status, so still bugged sometimes.- building menu isn't the greatest ever made, it gets the job done, but thats it.Overal its a great game, where you can spend hours and hours, and still dont achieve anything and still dont feel useless.Getting your gear sorted after hours of searching, and than getting shot in 2 minutes, thats part of the game.Just buy and play, it will be worth it!-"
,Recommended,299740,28230587,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jeffrey Dahmer,"My journey:-my friend and i Find a guy called ""gay and proud""-he calls me ""baby"" and it makes my heart warm and fuzzy-finds broken car-gets some parts-friend falls off a cliff; dies.-all that is needed for the car is 3 tires.-i find one, my friend finds two.-my friend is far away but manages to hitch a ride with some scary guys-we fix the car and get away-less than two minutes we run over a tree and get the car stuck-friend is a genie and gets it off-i then run friend over; under his command-then i ram my car off the bridge; it blows up.I definitely love this game, even if cars can explode underwater.>what H1Z1 was suppose to be<"
76561198136137754,Recommended,299740,29480090,Posted: 25 January,all,Clam,"some communities are cancer but some are okay, pretty graphics runs smooth, get loots, kill ppl, get killed and repeat"
,Recommended,299740,21508921,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,WhityOG,"I just Bought this game and i cant even join a server WTF it keeps on saying ""Connention To server failed"""
,Recommended,299740,23913616,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chasmas,"If you love survival games, give this one a go. Pretty awesome for EA."
,Recommended,299740,21395317,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,drquest,"Why this game has mixed reviews is beyond me, but this is a fun game which has quite a few features."
76561198239032856,Recommended,299740,24434548,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sum gud succ,"It's stupid how i shoot a zombie with a shotgun twice and it doesn't die, also i was on the roof of the police station and the zombies somehow knew i was up there when i was in the street, Dayz doesn't have this stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,299740,26221516,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,farFallen,Love this game! Best played with friends of course:)
,Recommended,299740,15854195,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,skinsgambling.com Lvl 100,"Its a very fun game, but i don't play it so much because it is not finished yet, its fun to loot for about 1,5 hours or so and then me and my friends quit, i think if it is finished it will be a fantastic game, but it is not done yet so its nice, nice graphics so i recommend buying it if it is done, but what i think is that it is going higher in price in 3 months or so, if it is gonna be better."
76561197979450243,Recommended,299740,16460498,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Man_of_cupS,"I stumbled upon a trailer park.  I quickly found and equipped a beanie, a white t-shirt, and a gold chain.  The TV was broken, so I went outside and shotgunned a shirtless mutant in the face.Even through all of its EA quirkiness, Miscreated is, by far, the most realistic 8-Mile simulator on the market.I give this game 8/8 mom's spaghettis."
76561198076117518,Recommended,299740,16502640,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hyperion,9/10 Really good game. Although it could use some slight changes it is amazing to play and at the moment it is better than DayZ and H1Z1 in my opinion.
,Recommended,299740,21555215,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mythic Block,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,299740,24243412,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Big Boss's Baps,One hell of a survival game would highly recommend for anyone with a survival itch.My only issue is i can't always spawn with flip-flops
,Recommended,299740,24929824,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Peanut,Actually looks apocalypic unlike ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dayz.
76561197999412590,Recommended,299740,25401861,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Striker,Well worth it
,Recommended,299740,25431938,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nao T★mori 友利 奈緒,very nice xD
76561198061091112,Recommended,299740,26705565,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,"Boom, Roasted.","I am torn between a positive and a negative review. I would say what you see in the videos is not what you get in the game. It does not run as smoothly as what is portrayed in those videos. The game however is pleasing to the eye, the graphics are pretty good for the games current development. I would say that it does lack diversity in buildings and what is inside those buildings, as they all look the same inside. I am excited for what this game can become in the future, the potential is there and that is all we can hope and look forward to. Over all I would rate this a 6/10."
76561198374206554,Recommended,299740,33555254,Posted: 15 July,all,Hiroshima,Join gameWander around for an hourFinds handcuffsWanders around some moreFinds guy running and chases himFinally run and axe himI then heal him and handcuff himHe they offeres to be used as a tradeFinds guys in woodsTrades slave for gunGets shot by slave after they hand him a gun10/10 biggest plot twist of my life
,Recommended,299740,16388183,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,POEPSNOL38,"A few positive things about this game so far. (3 Hours in)Totally worth the money.-Stunning visuals-Friendly players-Guns aren't hard to find.-Ammo isn't hard to find.-All buildings are open.-You don't need to walk for 10 minutes to find a single house-Zombies aren't dull (and ragdoll when they die)-Zombies actually die from gunshots (looking at you DayZ)-VEHICLES!!!Now a few downsides-The map isn't that big (could be positive, depending on how you look at it.)-The only ''friendly'' people are the ones with guns, but no ammo.-Still Early acces so glitches can occur-The night is absolutely terrifying. (Could also be positive, if you're into that.)-Zombies can spawn right beside you (still an early access game)The game plays smooth, and doesn't feel clunky like some other early access survival horror games.*Cough*DayZ*Cough*Overall in my opinion it's an 8/10 and totally worth the money (Especially during steam sales)"
76561198069910854,Recommended,299740,16474714,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DimitriTheSurviver,Been playing this game for two days and a quite of a few hours first im going to start with the cons:1.We need a map because theres moments where i walk forever and i dont know where im going.2.Weapons i know its not fun if theres so many but the only place i find guns is the airfield or if im lucky enough in a car but everytime theres no ammo there should be at least a clip in the gun to be fair.3.Distances i know theres cars but it takes a while to set up one i think the company should come up with a way we can move easier around the map to get to our destinations.4.Respawns i know its not logical to repsawn exacly where you died but i mean come on i was with a friend at the airfield and i got respawned on Wood something.5.Items i spend hours finding items and one shot to the head all gone i wish there was a solution for this.6.Objectives should be made like missions some it keeps the player oqupied people get bored of just looting give us a reason to play more and moreNow Pros:1.Great visual effectes but one problem i noticed although i dont have cryengine my pc is very strong i have higher specifications but still i have frame rate problems.2.I love wondering around and scavenging for items but i wish it could be more rewarding3.Base biulding this feature is going to be great and i hope you guys make the beds spawn points.4.Mutants great idea to try something diffrent but it feels lonley when theres only 2 mutants in a town make it interesting.
,Recommended,299740,17467486,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Dr. Phil,"Pretty good. Could be Optimized a bit better, but its still in Alpha! Base building is VERY nice, but the only thing I don't like is it is so hard to find a hatchet or hammer. Very good though.8/10"
,Recommended,299740,24935457,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CAPTA1NRAG3,es gewd
76561198163244183,Recommended,299740,24936887,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,LATS!!,good game for making the right move in right time
76561198141203259,Recommended,299740,25070622,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cunt,"Fantastic. Everything looks great so far, looking forward into future updates. Great atomsphere in this game definitly has the potential of becoming the next generation of survival MMO games. Game studio is doing a very good job so far.9/10."
,Recommended,299740,25261065,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,骑士火焰 I KnightlyFlame,OMG I So recommand this to all of you this is so fun! I spent hours and hours devoleping! a group then everyone betrayed xD its so fun making bases and exploring the lands for more friends and allys i strongly ♥♥♥♥ing recommand this game better then DayZ and H1Z1 its not a running sim like DayZ there really good loot spawns and it runs fast as ♥♥♥♥ if you cant run DayZ you can Run this unless you have like the crapest computer ever! but so on im going to say this like 60 times if i dont stop this but ♥♥♥♥! this is a good ♥♥♥♥ing game this is so much fun better then DayZ thats for damn sure And you can go on boats OMG ♥♥♥♥ing god this is amazing i cant get enough of this game dont explore the dark side of this game doe to much betrayers and bandits!
76561198061459642,Recommended,299740,25263390,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Satior,Fun game and great graphics. Devs that are actively upgrading game.Still not the best of its genre but far from the worst.
,Recommended,299740,25272294,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,✅ Dep,"Great game, really recomend. very fun and has alot of potential it may be only in pre-alpha but it is the most advanced pre-alpha ive ever played. better than 7 days to die. community of kos'ers is low, and the game has not had anymajor bug. or any that ive seen for that matter. the only one that is in it is the invisible glitch, sometimes there is a very low chance, that if you spawn you may be invisible to others. other than that the game is amazing and very fun!"
,Recommended,299740,25332379,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,uoʇsǝɐu,10/10
,Recommended,299740,25412319,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Davichiz,"I bought and within the hour requested a refund. I can't really judge the gameplay but from the very little I played it seemed solid which is why I'll give a positive review.The reason I refunded and also the reason for this review was the flashlight and the lighting of the game.It was almost impossible at times to make out things which ofcourse makes you required to use the flashlight. This is where issues occured, I've never once had any form of nausea while gaming but that flashlight instantly made me sick, irritated my eyes etc.If anyone suffers from any form of motion sickness, or issues with overwhelmingly bright lights then I'd suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198193628374,Recommended,299740,25439130,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The Mad King,"First game i've ever bothered to review on steam, wether it's good or bad. and let me say I love where this game is going, this is a straight hardcore game, love the damage model of the weapons and the the abundance of the world. only complain is that the houses in the world seem all a bit to similar I can't tell sometimes if ran to a different house if I accidently went back in the same one. also hoping for servers like 7 days to die where i can make my own and makeit so that i can raise the number of infected and play with my friends."
,Recommended,299740,26514300,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Foking LAAZSER HEIGHTS,BEST.....GAME....EVER
,Recommended,299740,26701493,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,fuc of,lost everthing rip
,Recommended,299740,16362501,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sk0Z^,"*spawn with long pants, a shirt and no shoes**run towards a town**enter the town barefoot**hear a noise behind me**turn around and get beaten down to 20 HP by a punk with a baseball cap on**run away to a gas station while bleeding out**find a squeegee**hit a window out with my squeegee**run outside to look for this♥♥♥♥♥♥that almost killed me**bleed out, die with my squeegee in hand*10/10, would die a window cleaner again."
,Recommended,299740,16381892,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RedyD,"Ok to start off this is nothing like DayZ or H1Z1. This is Far More Better  in Graphics, World, Gameplay and more, yea sure it lacks some optimalization but if your PC isn't good enough for you then it's not good enough for anything. Updates come usually monthly or 2 week period, soo there's nothing like DayZ Development Hell. The Map in this Game is Huge, Amazing and still has something new. Day And Night are kinda alright except day lasts 3 and half hours of normal time and night does like so, soo believe me when I say join servers that have Daytime. Players in this game are not any aholes, they won't try to shoot you because you have backpack and they don't. Ammo in this game is rare, mostly sniper rifles ammo.Soo Will i Recommend this Game? Yes!Was it Worth 7.50E? Yes!"
76561198064716563,Recommended,299740,16433749,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Snoop The Dogg,would love a wider abundance of loot
,Recommended,299740,17508002,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Dyler1,Was playing for 1 hour met 3 people then a mutant started to attack so i deiced to try and save my friend an then their was 3.10/10 No SOS
,Recommended,299740,21372774,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,caffeinefreak513,I like the concept of this game. I am having diffuclty with when I log back in I start fresh... none of my items are saved. Wondering whats the deal with servers cause if that's just a way to log in then why are all my items wiped out? When I bought the game are all patches automaticlly installed? Cause I see that patch #15 would help me keep my itmes... where are these patches found?
76561198271663515,Recommended,299740,23610689,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,CykaZ,dont go to pinecrest
,Recommended,299740,24870644,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,French Communism,"This Game Is Probably By Far The Best Zombie Survival Game so Far, Defidently Beats Out H1Z1 by A Long Shot....H1Z1 Thankfully Had A Refund Button That Im Sure about 75% of people Clicked who onece played H1Z1......But By far my personal favorite game considering it has amazing/beautiful graphics!!!"
,Recommended,299740,24918801,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,colborne_greg,"Extremely realistic game, amazing views, sounds incredible, was beginning to think I was inside of the Walking Dead, until I noticed the lack of zombies, the lack of usable vehicles, let alone already working vehicles, do bullets actually damage people?, do not die at all costs, just dont fight that guy following you, and for the love of all things amazing where is the single player mode?While I'm mixed, it's still an Alpha so enjoy."
,Recommended,299740,25059331,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zac,"Very talented team of staff, a survival game which is much more enjoyable to play than other games, such as DayZ. Very well developed engine and very functional. I can't wait for more updates and features. Worth the price for the current patch #36"
76561198182346295,Recommended,299740,25390311,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,firelight44,one of the best games iv ever played if you like dayz style games..survivle games you will love thisbut when you hit join server you must wait about 10 seconds for the servers to pop up.thare are lots of pepole on the servers to.
76561198207929728,Recommended,299740,25433139,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kas,"Game is great it needs some work but it is a solid foundation i would rather see the devs take the time to do it rite then push an unfinished product the game really holds up to the survival feel and the pvp while a part of the game basically is a self defense tool i have come across many players and its a stare down but ultimately a ""i dont want to lose my loot dont push me "" situation this is due to the fact loot is hard as hell to come by base building is fun but is time consuming all the while you must watch you health food water ect.all in all its a good buy"
,Recommended,299740,25450484,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Darkmaninside,"I spawned in the middle of nowhere. I had no idea where i was, i didn't know where to go or what to do. I only had a fleshlight. I walked maybe for 30 sec straight when i got to a house. With excitement i ran inside in hopes of finding something usefull, nothing was found. When i got outside it was foggy and i could not see very far, so i decided to stay on the main road. I'm glad i did.After walking for what seemed hours (not really) i got to a welcome sign, oh boy was i happy. When i got inside the town i raided maybe 8-9 houses, i'm not sure, i lost count. Gathered what supply i could find and so on and so forth. Out of nowhere i see a guy running in the distance, i quickly press F2 (Surender) to show him that i come in peace. He accepts my gesture and pays no attention to me, so i walk away unharmed. Not much later i spot another fella, this guy was a bit more ""armored"" on could say and i decided to watch from distance. He threw a molotov at another player nearby killing him instantly. I patiantly waited for the killer to pick up what loot he needed and then i walked up to the corpse and took what was left.15 seconds later i got banned from the server for an unknown reason...10/10 Would get banned again!No but seriously, the games i great, i love the mechanics, i love the graphics. I'm looking forward to playing this game even more and for those wondering; It's worth buying!"
,Recommended,299740,27642792,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,YANNECK,"Really good game. As for a pre-alpha you get a lot of content, fantastic graphics and decent gameplay. It is a little time consuming though, when I'm looting some place, I'm like ""One more house!"", It's not too hard to find some loot and it is not too easy, just a perfect balance. Beside zombies/mutants there are also animals and of course other players. As for this price, and for being ""pre-alpha"" it's some good quality game."
,Recommended,299740,16371990,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NutZ,"My thoughts after a few hours of this game:Initially it felt abit clunky, after a while though - the whole mood and setting just feels great. Havent been so immersed since the early days of DayZ.Before I died I got into 3 firefights - all 3 where I shot someone alot of times with a .357 magnum and they didnt die, im pretty sure the hitdetection and player lagging is the biggest problems with this game as it is now.After that, the lack of ""endgame"", kinda the same thing that killed off DayZ standalone for alot of people - theres no building bases og stuff like that, it just seems to be collect gear and kill other players - which would have been good enough for now if you could actually count on killing players when you shot them and clearly ought to have killed them."
76561198008896498,Recommended,299740,24243233,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PWN,"The game is good. I bought it when it first came out and have had no real problems with it. The game rappidly updates and the makers of the game seem to know what they are doing.Pros:Not a lot of KOSGreat communityamazing graphics and gamplayfunmap is amazing and bigConsServers are kinda odd, for example when you join a server your stuff my not have transfered from the other servers.Cars ar meh. Not really all that great, but they are cool.not a lot of people play, it is really underrated which is not its fault but sucks at times.Overall worth a buy, i got it fgor $30 so $10 or $20 is worth it."
76561198068967777,Recommended,299740,24937361,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Patchwork,"After some decent hours spent in the game i can confess it has huge potential and the devs are really not giving up on this one . With a little hope and community help this game can shine and eclipse most major survival games. Only time will tell but here's what i wish to see in the game : Better building mechanics ( by this i mean more efficient ways to build , tiers of building ) , more mutants ( not complaining i know we got some brutes now hope theres more on the way ) and a fix for the combat logging . Over all i love the game and i hope it will shine even brighter in the future."
,Recommended,299740,25055127,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,voodoo,"Game is awesome. A beautiful world, and a true apocolyptic feel. The weather system is great. Everything about it feels smooth. A worthwhile game to add to any collection."
,Recommended,299740,25059117,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Borb,"One thing to say about this game, Play with friends. if they don't have the game, maybe you will get lucky and find somebody who won't kill you. but having somebody to play with is always good, because everybody is bloodthirsty in this game. everybody."
,Recommended,299740,25265889,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,UhBell,"Its an alright game if you can find a server that fits your playstyle. Not very PVE friendly. Though there are PVE servers, they are usually riddiled with griefiers. Cryengine is definitely the best part of the game - never gets old to look at such beautiful renderings.Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 7/10Community: 7/10Overall: 23/30"
76561198101331307,Recommended,299740,25390016,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mufstash,i Give this game a solid 9 out off 11 Towers.
76561198092299367,Recommended,299740,25401663,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ThunderGoose,"If you're looking for a game similar to DayZ or H1Z1, but without the Aids than this is the game for you. It looks great, and the controls are easy enough. My only two grips are there arent enough zombies and the game could use some optimization. I run the game on high with 60fps but itll drop to half that at random locations that aren't even dense with objects. Other than that buy this game not to mention its on sale."
76561198167363798,Recommended,299740,25437806,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,hellopeople4545,"What Day Z should have been definetly worth a buy, also for an early alpha its well optimised and easy to run."
76561198329860485,Recommended,299740,25581669,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mlawson2141,love this game so much fun just wish they had a better mape and save points
,Recommended,299740,33121321,Posted: 2 July,all,Ante,"After only 20 hours played:++++The game is REALLY easy to get into, and I mean reaallly easy to understand, it's a simpler but better version of Dayz!+Graphics are good thanks to cryengine.+Map design/size is good & easy to learn, pretty easy to fin fights or avoid them, you can go into most buildings! you also got sewers to run in and find loot or even run into other players down there (Metro last light feeling down there)+Weapons have a nice kick to them.+Vehicles are really easy ""Arcade-ish"" to drive which is good, not clunky like in other survival games.+Realism/physics are good when running-jumping-climbing or shooting etc.+Movement system (the gameplay is very responsive) BUT I would like some headbob when running.+Mutants: the different zombies & the wild dogs/wolfs are AWESOME!+Build your own base (you need to find different recipes though) or raid other bases!+The hit registration is pretty good from my experience ""playing on max 50-ping server""+Performance: it really doesn't matter if you run low-med or high-very high settings on my setup I usually get a stable 120-FPS, performance may change 5-10fps, but in some weird corners on the map my fps goes down to 45, ""it has only happened 2-3 times"" and when I move 2 feet away my fps goes back up.( My setup i7-6700k, GTX 1070 Strix, SSD, 16gb ram. )-/+ Sound = mehhh on some weapons, and when you drive/sit in a car the sound is waaay to low from the engine (might been a bug for me I don't know)"" but the storms/thunders are good, really 0rgasmic for the ears! the rain sounds good, only complaints are that some weapons sound very weird/weak & the car noise is to low when sitting inside of it. And as in most survival games you can speak with anyone in the close area via mic or text.I know I know it's only early access but the game is fully functional and you'll find full servers 24/7 (EU)And as usual you'll have a much better experience playing with a friend or friends, still its a very good solo game to try and survive in! GL & HF!"
76561198012706073,Recommended,299740,22594558,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,PockX,"Played with a group of 5 people that have played lots of different open world games such as Rust, Ark, etc. and we are currently playing this right now and really enjoying it. It's alot of fun and has been drastically improved. There are a few little bugs here and there. There isn't many mutated/zombie NPCs, it's more vs. other players and groups.It's one of my favorite games right now and I'm looking forward to the future of this game."
,Recommended,299740,24999836,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Hammers Jackson,Great Game. Looks amazing. Going to be fun watching it grow
,Recommended,299740,27695010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DiooX,"Сырая, но интересная. Можно было сделать проще систему строительства. Ждем больше обновлений и расширение карты.Хотелось бы видеть более большие бункеры в несколько этажей вниз. Еще бы хотелось бы сделать крафт обвесов для транспорта, например: Закрытие стекол металлическими пластинами."
76561198205214925,Not Recommended,299740,32797705,Posted: 25 June,all,Standin.VarlkaR,"see this game on summer sale and then buy it right away , downloading it with full anticipation of what will happen if i play this with my friend . started the game and then spend 1 hour trying to connect to a server , and i cant even connect to any server , i've been searching on internet and i find a lot people that have same problem like me and this problem isnt solved yet because i cant even find any solution for it."
76561198131084982,Recommended,299740,31209286,Posted: 17 April,all,Tbio92,ive enjoyed this game. it is a great survival game with plenty of challenges and believe me it is a grind. but that s what i like. unfourtunatly the game ran  very good until i purchased my Radeon RX480 which uses 8GB of Video ram and i have 16GB total ram on my pc and the game itself Recommends 12GB. now i keep getting a Reference memory error. looks like i may have to upgrade to 32GB ram in order to continue this amazing game.lol as far as if i would recommend it. yes i would but i would warn you make sure that you have a pc strong enough to run it.
76561198067801555,Recommended,299740,31211078,Posted: 17 April,all,Jackie Chan,"Wow, What a joy it's been to play a good survival game for once. Not because its perfect but because there's a special gem here. And its the fact the character can have acne on their wiener."
,Recommended,299740,32625461,Posted: 21 June,all,El3ctr1c,"My first experience hereI meet some people and we talk about things and then we decide to move outThey find a person and all start saying im a little hungry. the guy starts backing upThey all chase after him with axesThe guy says ""you'll never have my body! let the current take me!"" then proceeds to jump in the waterHe survives and 2 of our guys jump inwe seem em floating but they're just moving slowly and not chasing him, we look closerTurns out they both died and me and the other sensible man decided before that man chases us with their gear we runWe get to woodhaven and we think we are safe and continue looting then alll of a sudden we hear a voiceWe look down and its that guyMy other friend trys to talk to him saying we can talk it out but he starts charging up the stairsHe gets to the rooftop and i bolt down the 2nd staircase and all i hear is screaming and ""WHYY""I get down and bolt the other direction and survivean hour later ive changed how i looked and me and that man meet againhe asks me if ive seen a guy in a redshirt with a shotgun and i say noHe then continues down the road\10/10 Would escape death twice even if that means leaving my friends to die in cold blood!"
76561198282901278,Recommended,299740,28913724,Posted: 1 January,all,kingxraven,"At this point in the game the only thing I can say is WOW. This is the most punishing, brutal, and frustrating game I have ever played. And I cannot get enough. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys survival games, but doesn't want to deal with pay to win players. Nothing is safe. No one is safe in miscreated.+200 hours EditOK so still gotta say I recommend this game. The community is only getting stronger and more diverse. The Factions system has changed alot for the better and I am excited to see what it does for the RP aspect of the game.Try itJust try it"
76561198180744751,Recommended,299740,29185759,Posted: 11 January,all,BigDaddyD,"If you are questioning buying this game, stop reading this review and go buy it, i was a big fan of h1z1 and dayz when they came out, but those games changed (h1z1) to much and focused on pvp, i just recently bought miscreated and ive had alot of fun, the player base is alot different, if you find a player with full gear, most of the time if you talk to them they wont shoot you and alot of them will help you, now there still are alot of people that will try to put you in the dirt but thats what makes the game fun, and there are alot of guns and melee weapons to use against zombies, and players. The loot system is really good. You dont have to go to a military base in order to find guns/gear. They spawn literally everywhere. And there are plenty of cars in the game to use if you can find the proper parts for them of course. I hesitated to buy the game at first because i saw it got released in October 30,2014 and is still in early access so i figured it was gona be another zombie survival game that just dies, but the dev team really does keep the game updated, and i havent ran into any game breaking bugs YET.  I highly recommend this game.10/10 would execute players with shotgun again"
,Recommended,299740,29828729,Posted: 10 February,all,mrillbiteyourface,This is what Dayz should have been. Its already better. Lets team up!
76561198181169674,Recommended,299740,30124815,Posted: 23 February,all,xRazor,"to whom it may concern. ive been playing miscreated for some time now and i still have plenty of things i would like to do before i consider myself a seasoned player. with that being said, in a recent update you have taken out one of the lower screen resolutions in this case making my game laggier because i am now forced to switch to a high resolution. im running this game on a hp pavilion laptop. it ran great before but now i lag so hard im worried about runnng into a larger group than mine. So in this case i would like to recommend a x64 bit update. it would allow the game to run smoother thus solving the lag issue. or just bring back a lower resolutionthank you for your time and i would highly recommend people to purchase this game, like i have in the past"
,Recommended,299740,30167803,Posted: 25 February,all,Uncle Phil,"I've had this game for about 6 days now and already have almost 50 hours on it. I highly recommend it, It's personally one of my favorite games. Graphics are amazing, Gameplay is challenging but rewarding, and the added ability of basebuilding makes it a completely new expirience once you start to gather more supplies. Your first few hours playing will most likely allow you to learn a bit of the map, you'll probably find a car within your first day, and after a while of surviving and stockpiling at a base you built, the idea that someone at any time can raid your base will make you want to keep coming back and making sure everything's safe.9/10, HIGHLY recommend."
76561198035965314,Recommended,299740,30282341,Posted: 2 March,all,NCR Ranger Eren,Very good game overal but as it is still in early access and with some minor issues i have with it i give it an 8.5/10.
,Recommended,299740,30532137,Posted: 15 March,all,Kentabbs,Awesome game!
76561198131172860,Recommended,299740,30638705,Posted: 20 March,all,Scarce,great game!
,Recommended,299740,30896453,Posted: 2 April,all,fr1ng,"Game is very fun if you are willing to give it it's time and explore the features, I would find someone to guide you though the game"
76561198027067664,Recommended,299740,31032341,Posted: 8 April,all,2 L8 M8,gg
76561198185522991,Recommended,299740,31184224,Posted: 16 April,all,✪ Sparky,goooooood
,Recommended,299740,30112181,Posted: 22 February,all,Forsakenmike3000,One of my favorite games. Better than rust and other games like it. Give it a try. Active devs too which is great.
76561198005945157,Recommended,299740,30482529,Posted: 12 March,all,Barry The Beef Eater,"the only thing i will say if you want to team up with your friends you have to walk miles to find them if you don't get killed first, you should be able to start on a server with your friends"
,Recommended,299740,30857962,Posted: 31 March,all,MrSim0nYT,Very good game awesome graphics and really good game engine i recommend it to every player that likes good survival games with few bugs here and there.
,Recommended,299740,31953407,Posted: 25 May,all,moH.,"Good Game! Cant wait for it to be finished!(If it ever reaches that stage). A lot of glitches and empitness in the map , i would like there to be more content and more things to do eg. more loot and more enemies as well as vehicles to fill out some very desert areas. And i have potato pc so if u could help lower the games graphics for poor players like me i would greatly appreciate it. :( 7.5/10 - Good Game, ALOT of work needs to be done."
76561197976979915,Recommended,299740,32233372,Posted: 6 June,all,Yaaaaas Mamba,One of the most underrated survival games on the market. Great dev team that are very active in the community and always willing to answer questions and listen to ideas from players.
,Recommended,299740,32270471,Posted: 8 June,all,gabo,"All around a good survival game set in a big open world full of mutants and players.Make friends,build bases and have a tone of fun in pvp battles.Although the game does have some problems content is being added every month or so and the devs seem to be doing a good job of patching problems with the game"
,Recommended,299740,33159196,Posted: 2 July,all,Bigdale,Great 10/10
,Recommended,299740,30237557,Posted: 28 February,all,BloodSoda,kurang ajar smua org nya
76561198351835816,Recommended,299740,30282093,Posted: 2 March,all,matt.22.davison,This is a very good survival game that really tests your skills and ability 10/10
76561198206225091,Recommended,299740,33598106,Posted: 16 July,all,Airport Luggage,i Definently reccomend this game not only because of the visual aspects here and there but how the game works and functions its a really good way to take back from the hardships of other games and enjoy everything this game has to offer minus the game breaking bugs here and there 10/10 game check it out
76561198049006427,Recommended,299740,31510130,Posted: 2 May,all,BigEarl,"Cons:- This game is in the Alpha so dont expect it to be running perfectly, the grafics and sounds is already just amazing though.- Alot of people complain about not finding items or having a hard time navigating the map the first 2-10hours.- Alone it is just super hard. ( Which it should be, your in a Apocalypse ... )- Experienced players and server bound crafting guides and all.Pros:The Gameplay and the increase in hearthbeat is totaly worth it, your standing in the second story building with a knive and baseball bat looking for food and guns and all of a sudden you hear footsteps. You hide behind something and a guy with a shotgun comes barging in, you suprise the guy and beat him to dead, upon checking the loot his friend stabs you from behind. Scenarios like these and getting a hang of the game are just worth it. If you dont want to buy it for 20$ wait for a sale !PS: Read item findeing and combat guides beforhand & look up a online map of the game.Enjoy"
,Recommended,299740,29834411,Posted: 10 February,all,Crisp Rat,"Miscreated? You mean how DayZ should have been?This game is great, awesome music (I could listen to title screen music for hours),okay community, there is a lot of mistrust and KoS however there are servers who ban this.Food & Water are a pretty common find, however guns & ammo are rare in this game, as well as backpacks which are a necessity.The building system is 5/10 in my opinion. They do not have any ceiling blocks so youll have to improvize using a platform, (make it float and build your base under it), or youll have to spend hours searching for blueprints for slopes. Building system has been talked about being updated so idk if this is a game killer.However for buying this game for under $15? Its a great deal.(Half the price, and double the fun of DayZ)"
,Recommended,299740,29837185,Posted: 10 February,all,Tazziedevil04,HELP MEi just purchased it the other day and when i go to load it up it stops then it will crash before the game even load it up my specs are better than needed whats the problem
76561198011062426,Not Recommended,299740,32874765,Posted: 27 June,all,wildcat_118,"Frustrating to play, Limited to what you can build and gather."
76561198123157887,Not Recommended,299740,33542938,Posted: 14 July,all,Thinbot,"another good idea of a survival game but tiny play area and as with so many other games of this genre, the balancing is way off. Zombies are either to easy its  joke or like a deranged mutant from resident evil, fart in the wrong direction and it will come kill you instantly no matter what you do. melee is no go for those.not enough loot, not enough to do full stop.the survival element isnt really there. yes there are stuppid giant mutant beast screamers to run away from but thats it. food you find and survive and thats it.not worth putting the time into at this stage tbh, another game that has used early access to fund itself as its no where near ready for anything other than alpha. and it hasnt had enough uptake to warrant more development or the devs are just kicking back enjoying cash for a half baked alpha... another one ... haters gonna hate this but its true, alpha shouldnt be there just to generate some cash and abandon the game. as one guy said in the review, bike helmets get updated but we dont get more map or content.save your money."
76561198122908208,Not Recommended,299740,35357001,Posted: 30 September,all,Nitelyte,"Hello all.This is a long review, with your classic pros / cons and a final verdict. For those of you looking for a quick read, feel free to skim through or simply skip to the verdict at the end of the review. I hope this helps!A player's summary:This game is a survivalistic - type open world environment. The scene is set on Orca Island, a small patch of land surrounded by the infinite blue, yet holds dense concentrations of buildings and woods spread throughout the map. You spawn in with clothes on your back, a flashlight in your hand, something on your head, and shoes on your feet ... or maybe it's flipflops. You "" goal "" is to have the "" perfect life "". You want to gear yourself up with weaponry, cool clothes, grab a vehicle and get established on a nice patch of land.----------Pro's------ Addictive.Starting out, it's an instant winner survival game. Spawning in, taking your first deep breath, filling those lungs with that Miscreated air, you take in the lovely scenery and wonder how quickly you'll be killed after taking your first step. With a large, decent - rendered open world, there's plenty to explore and do.- Customization.While there's no immediate character customization ( aside from choosing a gender for your character ), the game does offer quite an immersive character customization through items. From 3 different camo's with multiple patterns to hoodies, ballistic helmets, gas masks to my personal favorite, bright pink running sneakers, this game has a lot to offer.- Diverse weaponry.There's quite a few weapons in the game, from your .357 revolvers to .45 and .9mm sidearms to 7.62 and 5.56x45 rifles. Throw in a few crossbows, longbows, assorted knives, crafted bats and weapons to my personal favorite: a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire titled "" Her Majesty"".- Fluid combat / movement system.With first / third person viewpoints, and decent movement mechanics, the game fit moderately well into the survival - game industry. Sadly, you can't go prone.- Vehicles.This game has quite a few vehicles, ranging from multiple colored sedans, armoured trucks, and ATV's to full - fledged buses ( The "" Party Bus "" - Aptly named if I do say so myself ), military transport trucks, and police cruisers - yes, the sirens and the lights work.- Time cycles / weather.The night / day transitions are moderately smooth, aside from the minor issues here and there ( graphically - wise ) the night, day, and weather visuals are graphically well done with audio to match.__________Con's------ The updates / bugs.While this game has relatively frequent updates, ( once a month or every few weeks ), they prioritize the wrong things. For example, players pushed the developers early on to introduce vehicles to the game - which were full of bugs. After patching the immediate bugs, the developers now focus on adding new content, rather than refining and fixing existing content. A recent example ( 9/30/17 ), being rather than fixing bugs such as while interacting with any given object, and the game crashes you will loose large portions of your items upon return, the "" Ocean bug "", where somedays you will simply spawn in the ocean upon logging in reguardless where you logged out and be forced to drown to return to the game world ( swimming to shore will result in being stopped a few yards out by an invisible wall, effictively trapping you in the water ), and more, the developers decide to release new vehicles and items, resulting in more bugs. A recent on where I had been out and about looting for more gear, my current gear / inventory with items that I valued at around 80 hours loot time ( I value items in any game based off of the time it takes to acquire said item ), and suddenly I was attacked by a pack of wolves. No big deal, I had my trusty Mk18 rifle with around 500 rounds - oh, then my screen goes black. Not completely, I can still see my HUD, composing of my health bar / status bars, I can see the chat box, etc but everything else is black. End up dying, and spawn in ( of course ) on the other side of the map. I sprint back; of course my body's despawned by the time I get back. This happens all too often.- The interfaces / crafting system.While the interface isn't as bad as one may be led to believe, it's generally very time consuming to craft anything ( simply navigating to your crafting interface for base parts for one ), and interacting with your gear during combat is a nightmare. The crafting system is decent, with a diverse selection of items to craft - only you need to find the blueprints first. Ever heard the saying, "" It's like looking for a needle in a hay stack, but more like a crumb in a f***ing ocean! ""? That's quite an accurate quote reguarding finding your *important* blueprints. Walls 2 ( allowing you to build the largest walls - 3x4 ), storage ( allowing the construction of the larger of the two storage boxes ), gatehouse ( crafting a gate and a frame for allowing passage of small vehicles through walls ), etc are among the rarest loot drops in the game.- Mutants.There are a few varients of mutants, to save you a trip to the wiki I'll list them all here:Small:= Average sized mutant with a shirt and jeans. Moderate speed / damage.= Average sized mutant with shorts and a needle for an arm. Moderate speed / high damage.= Average sized mutant completely nude. High speed / moderate damage.Large:= Large sized mutal completely nude. Nicknamed "" Brutes "". Moderate speed / extremely high damage.Misc:= Mutant multi - headed dogs. Enough said. High speed / low damage.= Wolves. Roam in packs. High speed / moderate damage.Most of the AI are buggy, unpredictable, and quite frankly, bad. They will get stuck on vehicle roofs, etc.- Lack of consistent gameplay.This means that up until a few months ago, the game was completely player - run: meaning that ALL Miscrated servers were contracted by players throughi3D.net( which holds a monopoly on all Miscreated servers ). This means that if no players paid the rediculous price of upwards of 40 euros ( $50 USD+ ) every month, you could not play Miscreated, even after purchasing it for $20 off of the steam store. Due to this fact of server prices be outlandish and absurd, and the server hosting is unstable and connection is weak. Chances are, the server you are playing on will be shut down in a matter of days, or if you're lucky and it's a new server, it'll be gone by the end of the month. If it lasts longer, it can be shut down on you at any point.__________Final thoughts.*Please note this review had to be cut short due to maxing out the word count. I didn't touch on all points of the game, but I've tried to cover the main points.This is quite an enjoyable game, and for those looking for a quick survival experience, or if you're new to the whole open - world concept, it's a great game to start out on - if you don't mind loosing your items frequently or being killed often. For an "" early access "" game, it's decent. But may I remind you that it's been in this state for nearly 4 years. Yes, they warn you of bugs and character wipes, but is this game really being worked on? Do the players really get their money's worth? Is there this many bugs and issues with the game, yet it's been out for 3 years, and nearly being considered "" complete ""? Questions you'll have to answer for yourself. My verdict: It's not worth your money in the long run. You'll become invested in this game, as it's addictive and fun for a few quick hours of gameplay, but soon you'll become frusterated with the rough mechanics, bugs, nonexistent lore, among various other issues.This said, I do hope this helped some of you decide on your purchase of this game. If you have any questions, please feel free to send me a message and I'll try to get back to you as soon as possible as once again I had to cut out quite a bit to fit this all into one review.You all take care."
,Not Recommended,299740,33010858,Posted: 29 June,all,Robbb,"Very boring game.  I used to play DayZ an awful lot and loved it.  This is an ultra boring version of this.  The loot is so scarce and out of 2 hours of searching I found 1 shotgun with no ammo.Boring game, got a refund.  Don't waste your time."
76561198055543238,Not Recommended,299740,33493534,Posted: 12 July,all,DocOlds,"This is an odd take on the survival genre.  Food is easy, cloths/shelter aren't needed to protect from tthe elements, and enemies move slow and make a lot of noise.  You don't need to level up to unlock things, or grind out stat points, skills ect.So really, your left to do whatever you want without worrying about anything except other players. I played about 4 hours on low pop official rate servers and never found a gun.  Spent tthe entire time searching and a good part in the far north city because I heard the odds were better up there.  Bullets seem almost as rare as the guns, I found a single .223 round, an empty clip for a 10mm,  and ten 22 rounds.  Tried my luck hatchetting a guy and hoping he had a gun, he ran while calling me a N*word repeatedly.Going to try some super high loot multiplier servers and see if there is any fun there, but I can't stay awake through another 4 hours of looking around the same 10 furniture options hoping it gets better at some point.update: Turns out that even though many servers advertise loot multipliers, none are real.   The game does not actually support changing the rates and all those servers are falsely advertising high rates to sucker noobs into joining them.TLDR:  The only threat to survival is the toxic community.  No leveling up, gaining skills, or other RPG elements.  The super grindy RNG rates can't be changed.Final Thought, I would suggest any of the other survival games before this one, unless you want to be horribly racist without anybody being able to link your actions to your account."
,Not Recommended,299740,33336694,Posted: 7 July,all,∪n∟∪⊏ky,"It's a really nice game and all, but I'm forced to give it thumbs down due to the difficulties in crafting and storage.If you don't have friends to play with, it will honestly take you DAYS to build a base, and by then you probably get killed by other players multiple times. Other players in this game shoot at anything that moves, so it's very difficult when you're alone...Yes it's fun to craft and build, but it's way to hard. Unless you got friends to play with, don't buy this game."
76561198422479689,Not Recommended,299740,35117089,Posted: 21 September,all,X89,Very toxic community you get kos'd every time. Severe lack of storage in game as well which seems to be driving most players away.
76561198338402226,Not Recommended,299740,32767576,Posted: 25 June,all,Sina A.Afshar,why when i try to join the server its not connecting to any servers and its said either conection lost or cant be make ? also i have seen a video which said use razor cortex game booster to open the game then the problem will be fix and its worked for me after doing that. plz solve this or ill i have to refunde it unfortunatly.
76561198401051366,Not Recommended,299740,33199826,Posted: 3 July,all,暗闇の天使(2),my game its black and white
,Not Recommended,299740,33749889,Posted: 23 July,all,BIGthingy47,"This game would be great, if the community didn't just suck♥♥♥♥♥ The players are twatbiscuits and just haul off and kill fresh spawns, for something as petty as a map. Go to a radio tower and find one, it's not that hard. So all in all, I personally can't get anywhere with this load of trash, the community blows, try to get anywhere in this garbage game and some jaggoff kills you, even though you clearly don't have anything, you didn't present yourself in a hostile manner. It's pointless, unless you can dominate a server with some friends, don't bother with this game, you'll just be killed by tightwad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that want to kill you just for the fun of it. If the players weren't so asinine, it would be a pretty boss game, but with how many tools that kill you just because you're a freshspawn to take what little you've been able to accumulate, it takes the fun out of it."
76561198316125284,Not Recommended,299740,33211550,Posted: 3 July,all,JohnDoe503,"This game is horrible and crafting is a joke. The inventory system is wonky. Hours wasted scavenging only to find cans of food, soda, water, a few articles of clothing, and the  occassional weapon with no ammo or ammo with no weapon.  The zekes are a joke and the only thing you're trying to survive from  is boredom and the murderous other player.So far a waste of my money!"
76561198378038102,Not Recommended,299740,34418373,Posted: 22 August,all,CryoCrypto,"Can i have my money back please ?My first hour or so in Miscreated was wonderful , the graphics stuned me and i truly felt immersed in the world . However after this period of time was up i grew bored of the game and of its extremely toxic community , people kill for no reason , block roads with huge bases and commit more actions of toxicity . Speaking of bases , base building in this game is pointless with no way of respawning back at your base or making your base ""cool"" or ""fortified."" I truly wish i had never purchased Miscreated and i am longing for a way to recieve my money back"
76561198167363134,Recommended,299740,30848222,Posted: 31 March,all,Nomercy-,enjoy^^
,Recommended,299740,30845330,Posted: 30 March,all,ProosyiFirst,"Pros:Being able to find your friends easilyEasy to learn mapBig mapAmazing GraphicsGreat GameplayFrequently UpdatedCons:Rare glitches that get you killed (VERY rare)""Team"" ""Friendly"" ""I have nothing""Pinecrest"
76561198098180916,Recommended,299740,32136344,Posted: 2 June,all,William H. Bonney,"this game is imo the best open world PvP game there is, notice i didnt say survival(even though thats what they are going for and there is some survival aspects to it)because it is mostly just find a gun and kill people and take their stuff. One could say that is survival and i do agree but being realistic, I dont belive that an end of civilization scenario would really be just a free for all, people would band together make new communities and try to get things back to normal. With that being said, Im sure that soon they will put in more survival aspects to the game and make it into the best survival/pVP out there, which like i said imo it already is"
,Recommended,299740,28606244,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,pants,only wish i got more fps
76561198084354600,Recommended,299740,33137240,Posted: 2 July,all,ToastedToastie,"Its okay-ish, Gets boring real quick"
,Recommended,299740,33534269,Posted: 14 July,all,Matt Sowards - YouTube 26K,"Great Game, Very Well Optimized, #1 Looking Surivial Game,#BETTERTHANDAYZ- They don't have any modded servers (x5 gather loot, ect), other than that. It's great."
,Recommended,299740,16343111,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tarew,"I don't understand where all this hate comes from. I've been enjoying this game quite a bit. its looks good, runs well and has good combat. Definantely deserves more positive."
,Recommended,299740,16345394,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,This is War 88,"This is easily the most polished, best looking and well optimized early access I have played. The feel of the game is awesome. It has that alan wake kinda feel to it especially in 3rd person.I own most of the big survival games like h1z1, dayz, 7 days to die, forest ect and this really does have the potential to beat the lot of them.I really don't understand all this hate 7 days to die runs like rubbish looks like rubbish but yet it gets mostly positive reviews! yeah the crafting might be pretty cool but the choppy frames and bad graphics isn't. The same goes for dayz it runs like crap yet people give it the big thumbs up even though it launched in 2013 and still runs like crap.This game runs smooth as butter, can't wait to get into it more. I'm really hoping the devs put the work in and make the game great because it does have so much potential. it's just sad to see it getting mixed reviews!."
76561198040950054,Recommended,299740,24457855,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Spocks testical,Spawn next to a gas station run inside only to find a squeegee. Walk out front see a guy walking down the street. I sprint towards him full speed yelling give me your pants. Dude tries to run away  so I catch up to him and beat him to death with my squeegee all while yelling the squeegee man gets what the squeegee man wants.9 out of 10  would do again
,Recommended,299740,22615817,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Moyo,I like it
,Recommended,299740,25135122,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,SgtAYEAYE,-Found some weapons and ammo-Started to shoot up some mutants in the city-Came home and played miscreated.10/10
76561198017942886,Recommended,299740,22618440,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LP  l  Zak,"This game is very very good. Dont know why Mixed reviews?  It's only Early Access but I could only imagine it whenever it gets fully released. Really recommend it to anyone who likes Adventure/Survival/Building games. Better than Dayz, or any other survival game out there. Worth the $."
,Recommended,299740,25210724,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nissavibes,"This has got to be one of my favorite games I've come across this year. Usually with zombie/post apocalyptic survival games, it's always hit and miss. I tend to be pretty picky about the ones I spend most of my time on. But I can say without a doubt I do not regret any of the time I've played this game one bit. It's quite literally the best, and yeah...it has it's bugs and usual early alpha problems. But what I love about this game first off is the dedicated team of devs that seem like they legit care about the players and work on putting out helpful and quality content for the game. Also for a game still in early access, it's still incredibly fun to play. I will rarely have anything bad to say about this game, it's great. (: Rec'd 5ever."
76561198035359993,Recommended,299740,25455365,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gaweeds ♔,Best survival game.Get it you wont regret it :)
76561198260182198,Recommended,299740,24172510,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SkankHunt42,Made a man strip naked and dance 10/10
,Recommended,299740,25242186,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wolfman,Great Game
76561198045042312,Recommended,299740,25465949,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Flow,Best survival game on steam by far.
76561197968380715,Recommended,299740,25644136,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,"What makes this differnt from other games of the this type? The world. Its truely excellent. The map is full of swaps, bridges, towns, trails, woods, caves, etc. I found it to be a joy to explore. I also enjoyed small touches like ammo stored in your pants is quicker to be reloaded then ammo in your backpack.Once they iron out the rest of the kinks and add more content it will totally be worth a buy. For now its thump up that's really just neutral."
76561198079510013,Recommended,299740,25804548,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,otownbarista,"If you enjoy DayZ or similar games you will enjoy this.  Beautiful environment full of detail that feels creepy, abandoned and lonely.  The lighting is incredible, by far my favorite aspect of this game.  The use of the flashlight you spawn with is a must. The community was helpful when i first started. By far more friendly players and non KOS bandits than ive ever experienced in games like this including Ark, DayZ, Arma, or H1z1.  First 10 minutes of play i was taken captive and we were attacked by another group with a vehicle, the vehicle exploded and killed me so i don't know how it all went afterwards but I  immediately fell in love.  No game breaking glitches at this point, rarely any bugs to deal with."
76561198305379953,Recommended,299740,25950834,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TGB,Great game! The game has great graphics and it actually looks like an apocalyps would. Looting aswell is great and actually enjoyable unlike other games I have played. The only disapointment that I have with game is bullet damage being to weak and very unrealistic IMO.
,Recommended,299740,24820460,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Neorine,"So for a survival apocalypse game, i was thinking it was going to be just another wanna be DayZ; i was then proved wrong by the AMAZING graphics, smooth gameplay and the will to try and survive a Bandit/Mutant infested world. Compared to DayZ i think this game tops off the survival and worry of trying to compete for food, weapons, ammo and vehicles. This brought more to the table than any other suvial game i've ever played. Just when you thought youve done it all, seen it all, been through it all, a TORNADO comes out of the thick downpur of rain and swoops up three of the dudes youve been traveling with for a while. You hop in your truck, 18 wheeler, or little go kart and speed away for dear life trying to out run this tornado who sucked in and threw 3 of your companions miles from where they just where. You're pressing the WASD keys harder and harder because you dont want to lose this gear that you had to scavange, kill, or steal to get.This game is too underated for no good reason. I say buy it while you can before the price increases due to the quality of the game. Dont miss out if you're looking for a Survival Post Apocalyptic game that looks gorgeous."
,Recommended,299740,25418741,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GFBrokeUpWithMeButWeStillCousins,I played this game for about 3 minutes listening to the music and I just started balling. I was thinking of everything about my current situation. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the music triggered the crying. Oh my god. Dang. 11/10 No Tears Left
76561198050343087,Recommended,299740,25455939,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mr.Bigfoot,First time playing found a revolver with 3 bullets went exploring heard a truck got hit by it 3 men get out shoot me 10/10 i love it.
,Recommended,299740,25483245,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,OfficiallyNoName,An amazing game!! for an alpha game it has very little bugs. highly reccomend
76561198059980707,Recommended,299740,25508488,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,the eagle's deagle,Hey guys JON DEAGUE HERE haha.somiscreated.u think u wanna buy this game but ur not sure so u look at reviews.go no further.i review games all my life. got a keen eye and sense of smell for it.First of - miscreated so good for graphics. u will be blown away at the atmosphere of the game so good.BUT it very bnad community everyone want to talk an d u just want to shoot everyone cas that what ui do in survival johnra. i mean maybe go play RP game if u wanna talk huh?. lol.the denvelepors of this game are top notch always updating for the game for that hats off. lol.yer so this game is worht the money if u got that cash for it go grab it try it out for urself and if u dont like it feel fren to sent me a message and i wont respond cas U R BAD LOOOOOL.thanks for listen another reiviwe. hjohnm out
,Recommended,299740,29710965,Posted: 4 February,all,SwiftFart,BUT IT'S NOT READYI have had my character wiped on multiple servers. They do warn that it may happen but it's ridiculously frequent which makes the game very hard to even want to put time into when everything that you've done gets erased after the game kicks you out. I would be able to tolerate the RUST like community that'll kill you as soon as look at you if this wasn't an issue but until they get that fixed I'm not going to be playing. But I will wait for the day they get that fixed so the things I do in the game actually mean something.I recommend getting this game when/if they at the very least fix that.
76561198130028525,Recommended,299740,22328055,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lui Fyre,game amazing graphics and runs great. the game has alot of pontential to beat all of the other games.
,Recommended,299740,25241363,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Haakon,"If you are looking for a zombie/survival game to buy, Miscreated is definitely worth a look. With more updates in this game in the past year than DayZ has had in the past 5, I believe that this game has more potential to become something."
,Recommended,299740,22874038,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AfghanRaven7,Great game point blank period
,Recommended,299740,25620849,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GRaNPa,Recommended for survivors only !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,299740,25239935,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jd slayer568,"have had this for 6+ months now, and can easily say that i haven't had this much fun playing a survival game. Their constant updates make the game hard to resist. having 1200 hours on the game speaks for itself. game will not disappoint and am excited to see what else the Miscreated development team has in store for us all!"
,Recommended,299740,25772524,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"This is a great game. I have played every ""survival game"" well almost everyone, even Age of Survival, but we dont talk about that. This is DayZ to people who don't understand things. Or H1Z1 only good. I put this game on the top of the ""zombie"" end of the world survival crafting what have you games. Now i now they are not zombies, but weird mutant pill popping people, but lets not kid ourselves, they are freaking zombies. Anyway, good community, I RP on the game and that is super fun, the only complaint I have is with the crafting, its a little on the complex side when it doesnt need to be, i love complex crafting, but if you have to make 7 lumber and 14 floor panels to make a tiny 1x1 shelter, you should let us carry more or have a bigger inventory. But thats it! Great game, buy it now, cheaper then dayz, and a 14 year old russian wont shoot you and take your gas mask"
,Recommended,299740,25124478,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dewdrift,"Honestly Ive only played 6 hours, I will update after 15, 20, and then 50.I play alone so it could be EXTREMLY fun with friends.*NOTE* Your Gameplay Varies Accross Servers ****Short Review:DayZ without the bugs and no updates, H1Z1 without the P2W and 2 year old screaming !#$!@ and !@$%.Almost no KOS due to the Zombies bieng a real ThreatPlayers with cars are the biggest worryLoots not common but not hard to findHunger and thirst are realBasesClothes are niceWolvesTornadosGood graphicsOptimizedNow for the long review:Miscreated is like H1Z1 without the P2W and the 2 year olds. Its also like DayZ but without the bad FPS and 100's of bugs and updates every blue moon.Now dont get me wrong, this game has a learning curve. there are some different mechanics and the player base has so few KOSers. I have still yet to be killed on sight. Keep in mind the game is still small and I only have 6 hours.The other thing is the game doesnt have a lot of amazing POI's AS FAR AS I KNOW. What I mean by that is there arent any crazy caves or huge ruins, or a dam that scares the hell out of you as you creep through it. BUT the zombies are a REAL threat, and scare the hell out of me (Mainly the big brutes), and that makes up for it.All in all Play the game if you want to RP and not PVP because the guns and ammo arent that common. Dont make it your goal to get the best gear right away."
,Recommended,299740,25237756,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Purple,The game is great until you come across some wolves. Those little ♥♥♥♥♥ can take more bullets than you can find. As long as you avoid those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you should be alright.
76561197969457174,Recommended,299740,25395399,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Trux3d,Thank you for the sale price been wanting to give this a try really immersive running great on my 970
,Recommended,299740,21245825,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Snapper,"Its a good game that runs better than most survival games its a deal for the sale price its at now,it does need a few more things more types of veichle,more guns lots more,a bigger map,better map cordination ,its really pretty and the updates are frequent,could be a dark horse if is updated frequently and listen to the community also one more thing server counts are low to med full espeically in the eu,well worth a punr though"
76561198152058633,Recommended,299740,23976372,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,swixglider,i love this game but...items should respawn (quicker if they alredy do) and could be saved if we go on a server to an other one.cus that is just horible i was on a serv with lots of stuf than try to find it but cant xD epic fail.i hope you can fix these please :D
,Recommended,299740,24132319,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,daveslayerv1™,"so a review hey???Well im a newbie at the game currently under 10 hours played but i feel i have barely scratched the surface of this game,this game feels fleshed out with a good community that seem to not KOS, but unfurtunately there are some whom try and usally fail..so the good and the bad:Good:an actual animal eco sytem the game has many different animals that give the impressoin of life, but be careful the animals bite!! being chased by a pack of wolves is terrifying to say the least!!you dont have to look for a military outpost to find yourself a weapon!! its great a arsenal of weapons can be found in alot of typical Murican houses 2nd ammendment for the win!!there isnt a incredibly complex survival system that promts you every 30 seconds for food and water instead this is a set of on hud meters that make sense!!zombies are tough and you can actually avoid the zombies unlike other survival shooters....crafting system is a little hard to find at first but after some playing it will all become clear advice would be to check out some of the community crafting guides and survival guides that generous players have created!!the not so good:ammo is very scarse and i mean VERY you will probably find one bullet at a time, in 1/50-100 buildings, but ultimately this makes players think about thier willingness to fire their single shot at a fellow player or risk hand to hand combat as the other player could have a bullet... and that gun isnt just for show!!the bad:random Crashes To Desktop, but as i type i belive there is a server update going out, as well as a client update to fix such issues.so verall i will givce a rating of several partsPerformance:   6 (due to crashes will give 8 after fix)Visuals:            8 (far objects can appear blurred and ruin the look of the game)gunplay:           7 (shotguns seem very underpowered)replayability:    9 (i will happily return to play many times over)Map size:          9 (the map is about 1/2 the size of dayz BUT!! this is a good thing the areas are perfectly condensed to include open spaces and cover too, the chances of having an encounter with players are allways a very clear probability even in a low pop server!!)Map content    10 (this is about the best it gets [apart from ammo spawns] there is usally something to find in 1 in 2 buildings and they appear overgrown and apocalyptic, clothes, food and items to craft with are not too hard to find but doesnt wrap you in bubblewrap!!)overall i recommend this game if you like survival shooters but hate the grind of dayz, and hoped H1Z1 forfilled their promises.. !!!!9/10!!"
76561198197428227,Recommended,299740,24980840,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hyena100,"fun looter shooter game, so far i ran into 3 people and beat their face in with a bat!lol and this games only in alfa cant wait for the rest to come."
76561197976516861,Recommended,299740,25437814,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Morhaugn,"It is SUCH an injustice that this game's overall rating is still 'mixed'!  Don't even consider the overall rating... look solely at the recent review score.Ladies and Gentlemen, probably mostly 'gentlemen' although that's not what I'd call most of you sods, muhahah - but anyway - this game is POLISHED.  And when I say 'polished', I mean when a bug comes along, this dev team stomps it into the dirt, or expect to.  I have never seen an early access team focus so thoroughly on their product.  It has come leagues upon leagues since it's inception and I see no indication of that focus stagnating.  In the last month there have been 3 updates, and they have not been minor.  Get on board now, while the income can benefit these huge strides, and you will be rewarded with an already excellent and future-focused game."
,Recommended,299740,16393679,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,CaptainKrabbyPatties,"To be honest I usually load it up to listen to the music. Pretty nice intro music, and the game is pretty fun so far!"
76561198046884489,Recommended,299740,17414454,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BuNNeh d[-_-]b,"Just play it, it's beautiful and fun to explore and build."
76561198065643677,Recommended,299740,21302305,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,KaiserofEire,-play for a bit and finds food/backback.-realize mic is broke when guy asks me if i have a weapon-three guys surround me outside and tell me to give them my backpack-take of pants and flip off men before running-they laugh to hard to chase me-10/10 would sacrifice pants again
,Recommended,299740,25025151,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Chrome,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
,Recommended,299740,25476157,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dan,"░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████I Absolutely love Miscreated and after playing it now for 129Hours I decided to update my review to help others decide whether they want to purchase the game for them selfs or not.I've had a lot of great fun (and scary) times on Miscreated with my friends. This is definitely a game that will make your heart pound in sticky situations!PROS- Beautiful graphics- I don't really notice any bugs/glitches at all- The game gets updated a lot! :-)CONS(Please remember that these are just my opinions and yours may differ! Thanks)- I feel like you run too slow, It's more like jogging.- I'm not very impressed with the weapon/tool switching animation it feels very instantaneous.Other than that I'm very happy with this game and excited for future updates."
76561197994318160,Recommended,299740,24956001,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,john_theArtist,"I would recommend this to those who really enjoy survival games at their core - and not just the over-realized mechanics that are present in similar games in the genre. The game play is very smooth relatively and technically... and I run this on a barely above average machine... flawlessly.I hear they are adding Battle Royale which is fine, but not my cup of tea. Hopefully that won't have the same affect it had on competiting games - where the core game play is lost for COD twitch gaming."
76561198306992616,Recommended,299740,25295139,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TheEagle7845,"I have a logging in, sometimes the game won't let me play it; sometimes it will. It says ""File unspecified"" Dafreak?!?!?!?!? Its probably just a problem with my stupid computer. Anyway, here's my first experience with the game:Spawned in the middle of nowhereSaw a houseLooted the houseOut of nowhere i turn around and see another survivorSurvivor says hiMe, lacking a mic responded through in-game chatI followed him for a bitHe then said he wanted to duke it out with meWe fightHe kicks my♥♥♥♥♥I run around trying to use bandages i looted earlierNoob me dosn't know how to do thatRandom survivor bets me to death with his foot11/10"
,Recommended,299740,25422732,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mosin Accquired,"Bought the game today since it was on sale and so far it's very enjoyable. Like DayZ but simpler, with a little bit more flushed out environment.Fixed up an ATV I found and as I'm driving down the road I see a cop car driving down the opposite lane, he flips around and starts chasing me, yelling in Japanese. I reply with the only phase I can say fluently in Japanese ""Ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo."" and suddenly this guy is laughing so hard he crashes his car into the ditch and I duck into the woods.10/10"
,Recommended,299740,21371368,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wolvieyy,"First ten minutes into game:- Spawn near town.- Surrounded by mutants.- Avoid mutants, sneak into town.- Find gas station. Begin searching.- Find squeegee.- Stranger comes into the same room.- Stare at him noobishly.- Stranger starts punching me.- Kill him with squeegee.10/10 would squeegee again."
76561198206747137,Recommended,299740,24923475,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,emaleythe,"Brutal game, best played in a group, unless you enjoy dying....a lot."
,Recommended,299740,24979144,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,NickyG,Imagine if you will dayz and h1z1 having a baby. That would be miscreated. I love all 3 games but miscreated is less buggy and more fun in my opionion.
,Recommended,299740,25438611,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SugarCookies,ANyBodyGotSomeDesel?
,Recommended,299740,25471460,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jackster,"It's the only game where I encountered a band of ""river trolls"" who stole my clothes while I was at gunpoint."
,Recommended,299740,25472841,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,oddtoxin,"Go to town with friend, we see 3 ppl talking in a street obviusly they just teamed up. One walks into a house while the others remain talking in the street me and my friend slip in the house behind him and follow him upstairs. We then proceed to brutaly murder him but quietly. we take his nice things and his friends wait there another 5 min clueless. 10/10 would murder again."
76561197990041818,Recommended,299740,16080719,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,fveecolin,"A good survival game with a few mutants wandering around, I would prefer more mutants so they are a greater threat. I like that the game is more ""real"" than classic ""shoot em up"". You can meet other players , some are friendly, some less so. The main negative for me is that I cannot get onto any servers in the evening (UK). The afternoons are fine but for some strange reason no evening access , for me at least ?? Overall a positive for the price i paid.  I hope the developers sort out the servers and keep improving the game."
,Recommended,299740,25382853,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Nope,Loving it so far. :)
,Recommended,299740,24260416,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Prestoned,1 hour un playable... So I have a 4k display. I cant play this at 4k so when i put in any other res my mouse overlay and the res set are not alligned...mouse movement is visible and limited to the left upper corner of the screen. Any fix cause I wasted 10 bucks if not -_-
76561197962099954,Recommended,299740,18719332,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Scottie Magicthighs,"Loving it so far, nice graphics, interesting and deep gameplay.  Have found myself holding my breath while playing because I have heard footsteps going past while I hide....Base building is fantastic and working with a team really brings a lot more to the game.  The community is as helpful as it is brutal, but it is all worth it.  I am typically a non PvP gamer, but in Miscreated I find myself defending from other players or taking them out before they get the drop on me.This game is awesome, each patch improves it more and more.:)"
,Recommended,299740,17490283,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,NuG,"Early Acess review, will update as time goes on.This game is the best sanbox survival game out there, IMO, right now. Yes, it is still in EA, but they are updating it on the regular. They just added base building, which I am excited to try out! I can't wait to see how this game develops over time! It is very visually appealing, as well.-------------------------------------------------------------Update 7/8/16:So I've had the game for a little over a year now and still feel that this is the best game in it's genre. The Miscreated team is one of the best, if not THE best Dev team I've ever had the pleasure of playing a game from.(I am in no way affiliated with them).So yes there will be bugs, especially right after new big patches. It IS an Early Access game.. if you can't deal with it..WAIT.  The Devs are active on their Forums and the Miscreated forums and the Steam forums,  answering questions all the time and they usually respond to peoples questions and comments/concerns within an hour or so of posting, if not after just a couple minutes.AND the updates. They just keep adding and adding stuff to the game and it's awesome! It also doesn't take months upon months to wait for the next update. It's usually monthly, but this last patch took them a little longer(2 months I believe), it's a HUUGEE improvement to the game though.I love the direction they are going (hardcore survival).This game has ATMOSPHERE and they really are using the CryEngine like it should be... the world looks amazing.I've never had my heart racing so much from encounters in a video game, I love it!Will update again as more time goes on.Update 11/1/16 : Still as awesome as ever! Devs keep working on it/updating, I keep playing!11/24/16 : They keep updating, and I keep playing!"
,Recommended,299740,17479102,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dot Play,"So I almost tried out every survival games in a post-apocalyptic setting and I might say this game really show some great potential, Yes it's smaller than Dayz, Yes there is less loot or stuff to do than Dayz but I see way more potential in this game and mainly because of :-Great visuals ( CryEngine)-Really good performance (for an early access game)-Great community-Active Devs-A good map ( the cities are not too far away )-Base building system-Almost everything is open ( you can go in anything (no locked doors)-Almost No kill on sight-The Dev plan on way more featuresthe cons :-the lack of guns-all new spawned cars have no wheels, batteries or anything-every cars item weigth too much-The airport is the place where you will find too much guns vs any other places-some bugs-flickering sky when time/weather changesYes I recommend"
,Recommended,299740,17399609,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Sergio831,So far I have about 30 hours in this game and I love it. The base building system is much better than most games. Loot is balanced and not too hard or too easy to find what you're looking for. This is one of the most beautiful pc games I've played.
,Recommended,299740,17513056,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kris,"This game is pretty fun, and its beautyful, but they need to work on preformance issues. Here is what happened when i first started...-Found a server-Got in the server and didnt know where the hell i was-Walked around for a goo 5 minutes and found a town-Found a bunch of food and ammo, but no guns-Guy tried to shank me so i hid in a store for 10 minutes-Went outside killed that foo with a bat to the head-Took his loot and got a gun-Left the server because i didnt want to lose it9/10 Would leave the server again."
,Recommended,299740,24728681,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,its.solo,Good game but you can't hear where bullets come from when getting shot at and that gets you killed sometimes. I also dont like how you can't move while in your inventory
,Recommended,299740,27412171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EvilestFrankie,Best than Day Z
,Recommended,299740,24135730,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CloutTrain,"Great game, great graphics, great community. Overall much better than any other survival game ive played. very immersive, and all in all you shoul buy it"
,Recommended,299740,35052839,Posted: 18 September,all,doomsday2032,"This is by far the best Survival RPG out their, Plot makes sense and plenty of loot in realistic format, Good Game Guys"
,Recommended,299740,35047479,Posted: 18 September,all,Novantix,Really great atmospheric post apocalyptic game.
,Recommended,299740,30271697,Posted: 1 March,all,Anime Thighs,My personal favorite survival game on steam. I prefer it over DayZ  but it had a different feel than Dayz.  I dont understand the crafting but I litteraly just started. I hope for many great updates in the future:D
76561198031365768,Not Recommended,299740,33470826,Posted: 11 July,all,gamerader001,"This game has potential in it, its a good idea and concept. Sadly jumping into the game and trying it out for a good hour I already ran into situations that was a downer to me.- Odd Mechanics- Crafting system feels to complex- No official PVE serversWith these three things they are my own oppinions to what makes me not like the game but may differ for others. With the Mechanics it feels off as I drag things around in my inventory the pointer seems to be off as it would put inventory items in the wrong places along. The hot key system is something that is new but one I am not use too as Hot key's One and Three are primary and Hot key's Two and Four are secondary. This messes me up as I am use to a certain Hot key set up when it comes to my tools and weapons and I would acidently hit the wrong key for the wrong weapon like two would be my main weapon like a hunting rifle and one would be my side arm like a revolver.The crafting system, there is too much their as for you to find things is by tabs and looking through a list of crafting before officially finding what you need to craft or even know what you can craft. It feels a little too complex to me and a headach, this might not be the case for others thought.PvP is something I am not against its just there are times I prefer not to play PvP even when starting out fresh and new to a game. Started out in the official servers only to get kill quickly, their are non official servers that seem to not have any PvP but still got PvP so that was not fun. For starting people like me it would be nice if they had PveThose are the reasons for me not to recomend this game but after all this game is still in an alpha stage and they do disclaim that before buying. But I do have high hopes for this game and hope they make the potentails, hopefully better then H1Z1. But if you want you can give the game a try and support the creators. But for now I must give them a sad thumbs down."
76561198136819958,Not Recommended,299740,34691443,Posted: 2 September,all,Zack,"- Official servers are never wiped so they are littered with bases in every spot imaginable, including on roads and flying in the air- Base building is terrible since there's no snap system, and there are many places where you can't drop a plot sign for seemingly no reason- Enemy AI is awful and the movement of mutants and wolves is very janky- PvP combat boils down to who gets the drop first, has almost zero skill involved in winning and is very laggy- Riddled with bugs ( obviously, it's early access but many of them have existed for a long time without being fixed)- Clunky controls- Extremely tedious crafting system- Poorly optimized with many frame drops and frequent stuttering- All vehicles need to be started or driven at least one every 24 hours or they despawn so you 100% HAVE  to log in every day to keep your stuff- Raiding enemy bases/being raided can be done through bugs in the game- Ultimately unrewarding gameplayDon't buy this game, it's just another early access game that will never be finished."
76561198418171488,Not Recommended,299740,34910437,Posted: 12 September,all,Ajun Summer,"Since it was installed I still haven't tried this game, because ... always can't join any server."
76561198202360562,Not Recommended,299740,35106650,Posted: 21 September,all,phospolipids,This game has so much potential. It is fun with ya mates but it takes many many hours to get fully kitted up. you cannot find a gun in any houses. its so stupid and boring. if they added more gun spawns it might get me playing again. until then its a no from me
76561198035307293,Not Recommended,299740,33617907,Posted: 17 July,all,Hamchuck,"lolz, you only get one storage bin for your ENTIRE base and clan."
76561197999803619,Not Recommended,299740,35225592,Posted: 26 September,all,Arnold,"Poor performance, unbalanced loot system and many more cons. Shame. Was potential survival♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198056095021,Not Recommended,299740,32914595,Posted: 27 June,all,FatalOVERDOSE,"As bad as it gets. Steam should not allow ""games"" like this to be sold. You wander around for seemingly forever searching couches, finding nothing, until you are randomly shot by a ""player."" PVP in any game that is not exclusively PVP should be optional, flag or act hostile or whatever. Seriously listen to all of the terrible reviews for this and stay away. This ""game"" is someone trying to steal your money."
,Not Recommended,299740,34458212,Posted: 24 August,all,subways,a♥♥♥♥♥♥game for♥♥♥♥♥♥cunts.
,Not Recommended,299740,34668637,Posted: 1 September,all,GeT_LeFt,Another crappy early access game
,Not Recommended,299740,33821913,Posted: 26 July,all,GopnikMan,Combat is atrocious it takes about 7 seconds to bolt a rifle and about ten shots to kill with a rifle but two with a pistol. Besides that its a good game but they need to fix the combat.
76561198007748476,Not Recommended,299740,34751868,Posted: 5 September,all,DarkSnipe13,This game sucks too many chinese hackers and nerfing.
76561197996258263,Not Recommended,299740,29035467,Posted: 5 January,all,Gsites90,"I just can't recommend this.Negatives:-Mediocre base building that does nothing but create loot pinatas-Crafting a base is a horrifyingly tedious and requires you to stockpile food in order to craft however...-storage is so limited you can barely hold onto anything in the game, even with a base your CLAN is limited to one box and can only store 10 items without finding the blueprint for a larger box and my character is too stupid to grasp using larger pieces of wood for a bigger box. Apparently making blueprints match generic trash on the ground was a good idea.-It's so easy to raid someone's base it's pointless to build one-Same KOS thought process as DayZ as you scramble to get food most times since it plummets like you're starving even though you've shoved so much food down your throat you'd realistically vomit.-Devs who get snarky and when people point out these obvious flaws, they comment about how the game isn't a ""storage simulator"" or claim other limits will be raised when stability is improved, but after seeing these responses that were posted well over a year ago, no changes have been made.Only Pros I can give are for the gun play and weather effects. I enjoy getting shot at and shooting other people, the effects of getting shot and it distorting your vision are pretty intense what the hell moments that really trip you out. The game also runs pretty damn well and looks pretty good.DayZ was a running simulator and this is just a food collection simulator. Doesn't matter if you're a fresh spawn or geared, people just want to take any shot they can get, just like every other game like this. I played the hell out of this game and saw nothing but disappointing turnouts as things time and time again ruined the experience. Build a fancy base and it gets knocked down in 10 minutes, friends falling through the world and being forced to wait 5 minutes to respawn while stuck under the map, constant desync issues causing people to stop moving in the game world, but not to their personal client... The list of disappointments go on and on. Point is, the game really needs some work and the devs need an attitude adjustment. Stay away until they remove their heads from their asses."
76561198032482102,Not Recommended,299740,33689840,Posted: 20 July,all,t0xicity,"Disregard Miscreated. Neat concept, trash delivery. If you're looking for a developer that fails to deliver nearly any promised updates, fixes, or actual useful content but will gladly take your money in a heartbeat, look no further. ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE community, as well. Please, for your sake, pass this garbage game up."
76561198035823906,Not Recommended,299740,34911635,Posted: 12 September,all,Jackink,still in alpha? the review i watched looks completely different than the game i bought. view distance is like 100m on the highest settings? EA is a shame.
,Not Recommended,299740,34943688,Posted: 14 September,all,ZOMBIE WHORE,"Game performs alright, visuals are pretty decent. However, I encountered somebody trying to kill me when I had just joined a server (i.e. had nothing on me). Zombies will chase you a long distance, and it doesn't help that they aggro easily. Halfway through my playthough, the game froze and required me to restart my computer. When I logon the same server after ~3 mins, I had to start anew. Not recommended."
76561198079340422,Not Recommended,299740,32760100,Posted: 25 June,all,Badfish,"In patch 49 the devs changed the server screen to default to hide private servers to boost the player count on their official servers at the expense of players who paid big money to host servers.This has now forced them to close down because there is no point paying for a server if no one plays on if it can't be found in the server list without finding and unticking the default official tab.Now they have updated the ""Official"" Aus 1 & Aus 2 servers to 50 slot servers but they are always crashing and not letting players join.Lots of players have been reporting it on the official Miscreated discord channel, but have now been told that the devs need sleep and we are not in the right time zone.So if your in Australia or in any other timezone besides America don't bother buying this game because it seems there is only support for the game if your an American in their time zone."
,Not Recommended,299740,33574915,Posted: 15 July,all,@Baystreets510,Not really what you would expect from the Videos presented.  This is a game that i WOULD play once a couple of more updates and patches are made.  I do not regret buying this game but hold off on playing up until later updates will come out.  Its early access and you can expect to see lots of bugs. Good survival game that needs improvements.  I like this game but i wouldnt recommend it just yet. looking forward to its possibilities in the future
,Not Recommended,299740,34741230,Posted: 4 September,all,Stripteased,"Okay, lets start by talking about the game than comparison's. The graphics are great and very large map. Gameplay is okay, very hard to navigate unless you play for long lengths of time. Good luck finding your friends on the map without getting killed by every hostile player (everyone will try/will kill you). They need to fix a bunch of building fundamentals. There are floating bases, bases with gaps in the walls. Also the servers are maxed at 50 players when he map is plenty big enough for about 250. You cant carry more than about 5 items without a backpack which takes more than 5 items to build so you have to find one basically or save up pieces. This game is super similar to ""RUST"" with far more issues. Rust has very hostile players as well and far more options, buildings are far superior, survivability on rust is higher in my opinion a rookie player can have something going in 15 minutes on rust. In ""Miscreated"" I player for 2 hours with no success to anything. On Miscreated you can find guns laying on the ground in high volume areas which is unlike rust but if your going to spend money I highly recommended Rust over this game."
,Not Recommended,299740,35105156,Posted: 21 September,all,NuclearTester,"None Of The Servers Works. I Do Not Recommend Playing. You Spawn In A Forest With Nothing, Try To Loot, But You Find Nothing, Then Other Players Kill You. Not What I Expected."
,Not Recommended,299740,30395565,Posted: 8 March,all,Panda,"Very promising game, graphics are great and runs perfectly well at a solid 100 fps on max settings for me (gtx 980ti)The main problem I have found is that the crafting system isn't utilised as much as I wanted it to.This game makes me want to find twigs in the woods and craft a bow. Kill animals and just survive but instead it is a go to a town, try find a gun for hours and then get shot kind of game.It also needs way bigger servers and a bigger map in my opinion it would greatly increase the enjoyabillity of the game."
76561198357033510,Not Recommended,299740,33594177,Posted: 16 July,all,BONELESS,not fun dayz clone
76561198185643639,Not Recommended,299740,33685776,Posted: 20 July,all,factory lubed clock,fix shooting throws walls if it happens again im uninstalling
76561198174438901,Not Recommended,299740,33708120,Posted: 21 July,all,TheGreenTBagger,why in the literal ♥♥♥♥ would you add the knock out feature to this game? you literally ruined this game with this. now when you get shot by a gun you bleed out before you wake up. great job.
,Not Recommended,299740,34750746,Posted: 4 September,all,CaptinCamerica,played hours looting before finally finding someone to get shot and lost all my stuff. boring terrible game wish i could refund. LOOTING SIMULATOR THATS IT. theres literally no loot u go around for hours and still only end up with like 5 items.
,Not Recommended,299740,34993224,Posted: 16 September,all,Fox,"Pros-Good graphics-Interesting environment-Has a feeling of survival (good background music, map feels big even when there is lots of players on server)Cons-Bad UI-Learning curve-Floating basesDon't trust those youtube videos where people interact with each other, in 90% situations its kill on sight.This game looks like it needs a lot of work and if they keep up the way they are going it might be good game in 2-3 years."
76561198171050089,Not Recommended,299740,35066469,Posted: 19 September,all,SlayersPK,"feels boring and i didnt find it worth the buy compared to rust. which is n the same league of gaming, but is leagues ahead of this game. just buy rust. better buy"
,Not Recommended,299740,32901195,Posted: 27 June,all,Marvises,"The game it self is pretty fun, I love the ability to create anything from the ground up. however the game community is pretty toxic. Every single person I encounter just KOS (kill on sight). If you're a fresh spawn, good luck just about everyone in the game are heavily armed while you run around with a flash light and a hatchet.Pros: Creation and survival aspect and NPCsCons: Community and lack of serversDon't waste you're money on this game until they do some serious updating."
76561197982065119,Not Recommended,299740,33190250,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr Gone,"Just an amped up version of 7 Days to Die...Run aroundFind stuffFind more stuffDon't talk to anyoneGet sniped by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who sits in a bush for 6 hours waiting for mommy to bring him Hot Pockets.Respawn in a brand new place that is unfamiliar.Repeat...If you don't have people who are willing to play this game with you constantly, you better find a different game..."
76561198015698826,Not Recommended,299740,32723300,Posted: 24 June,all,smiler,"GRAPHICS ARE GOOD.as for the rest, no map, no compass, no idea of where you are or where to go.even on a low pop server, as a noob with zero gear, the rest of the players cant resist killing you, even when you show your surrendering.to be truthful i have had more fun with haemoroids than i am having with this game.if you dont mind being killed repeatedly and getting no where then this is the game for you, if like me you want to have fun and [not the sadistic kill all noobs type of fun] then this isnt the game for you.   sure gonna get lots of people say play more get better at the game, but in reality if all you are doing is dying and respawning it stops being fun.plenty of other games of this genre that actually have some sort of  learning curve to help the new players get acclimatised to the game before throwing them in the fire.it does have potential, but unless the ""sandbox"" becomes a sandbox, even on only a few servers this game is not reccomended by myself."
,Not Recommended,299740,33009079,Posted: 29 June,all,@ENDREH17,"how come every time iopen this game, and join a server to play i always crash"
,Not Recommended,299740,25576495,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Subversion,Boat loads of potential but the experience is entirely ruined by cheaters using ESP.
76561197987010463,Not Recommended,299740,32804228,Posted: 26 June,all,glltexas,I have spent a lot of time playing 7 days to die and wanted to try this out.  The crafting system is very primitive.  The ability to build a base is very primitive.  It needs to allow for taking over buildings in cities and building bases in preexisting structures.  The game has promise but I am in a wait and see mode as it takes time to mature these type of survival games.
,Not Recommended,299740,34517192,Posted: 26 August,all,koncritter,Yeah well what can i say about this game. It has a long long way to go before it will even be ok. If you really think your life is that boring and couldnt get much more boring then you might like this game. Becuase you spend ages trying to find any loot. and more than likely you will get shot by someone that must have an even more boring life than you and lose all your minimal amount of loot your found over an hour or so to just be back at square one lol. There was a big update just done on the game so i thought id give it another go. But gave up on it again as its just horrible. I wouldnt recommend wasting your money on this game untill they make they game fun. ITS JUST SO SLOW AND BORING.
,Not Recommended,299740,34921588,Posted: 13 September,all,DepisDaClown,"If weapons were more common and there was more zombies then it could have been a somewhat enjoyable game, but instead its just walking around for half an hour only to be shot on sight by some fully decked out dudes and spawn with nothing."
76561198107629182,Not Recommended,299740,33893913,Posted: 29 July,all,iamboltri,"Great Map, A+ Graphics But...Plan on playing alone unless you want to spend hours collecting things just to be shot on sight by everyone. then respawning and getting shot next time youre seen. getting actual guns and then ammo isnt easy at all.Or if you prefer playing alone on maps with 1-3 people you will most likely never see, can be fun. i guess...Overall needs to have a ranking on who trolls so the guys that walk up saying ""hi im friendly"" only to kill you, will get less trust.This game is literally like real world, everyone wants what you have... .everyone... & they will kill you for it, or just cause it fulfills their voids. either way, don't waste your money on this rubbish."
76561197996933329,Not Recommended,299740,33061122,Posted: 30 June,all,dafka a.k.a. etc.,Needs better optimization; currently unplayable for me.
76561198241346788,Not Recommended,299740,33481117,Posted: 12 July,all,CripplingDepression,It's a great game but wow does the loading screen take forvever! I would recmmend this game when it's NOT in early access...
,Recommended,299740,32808405,Posted: 26 June,all,Echo - csgoroll.com society.gg,"Now, before I start: I paid around $9.50 USD for this game and bought it in the June 2017 Summer Sale.If I had to rate this game out of 10, I would give it a solid 10. There is SO MUCH potential, but also so many aspects that are already perfected and implemented into the game. The developers are doing such an amazing job at developing this game, and I only see a clear path upward from where we are right now.The game itself is exactly what it promises to be - a post-apocalyptic multiplayer survivalist shooter where you have to brave yourself against a few zombies and unpredictable survivors.The setting of the game is in 2089, following the devastating results of two nuclear wars. The game has the perfect feeling - a sense of loneliness and the feeling of not knowing what you will walk into. You can meet scavengers trying to survive on anything they can find, wolves, deers and even turtles. Apart from that, you can also meet the bandits - players wanting to KOS (Kill on Sight) to get your gear, food and clothing, along with many different types of mutants, such as the Brute, a massive mutant, and the 'Spiker'.At first, I was hesitant at buying the game. I read a lot of other reviews, most of them claiming that the game was boring, and that it was impossible to find your friends. Finding your friends does take around 20 minutes when just starting to get into the game, but with time, you will be able to recognise where on the map you are located, and then travel to your friends accordingly. Anyone claiming that is 'impossible' is either lying or has not tried hard enough.The crafting system in Miscreated is very advanced. Every player starts off with a immense amount of standard crafting 'recipes' that they have unlocked, ranging from poison arrows to a Tiki torch. However, by killing mutant 'Brutes' or just simply spending time looting areas around the map, players can find so-called 'guides' that allow them to learn and unlock new recipes. In about 20 minutes, I have found 2 recipes - 1 for a guard post and another for a wooden gallows. Pretty cool, eh?The environments around 'Orca Island' are plentiful and beautifully created. They range from abandoned farm houses with sheetmetal sheds to high-rise cities that are completely accessible. The buildings therein range from supermarkets to gun shops to police stations, all with accordingly realistic loot; in supermarkets, you are likely to find food, water and clothing, whilst you are likely to find car parts and oil/diesel in gas stations around the map. There is also radio towers and water towers, which are extremely useful in order to find your way around the map. They are also climbable, giving you a 360 Degree view of the map, as far as your render settings go. The next part is really, REALLY cool. Caves. One of the caves is accessible by diving underwater, passing into a vast structure of luminous cave walls, radioactive water (also glowing) and all sorts of edible and crafting mushrooms. There is also cool loot spread in the caves, the other cave being a smaller one, in the form of a mineshaft. As you can see, environments in the Orca Island map are so plentiful and have such variety that you will always have somewhere to explore.The PVP, or player vs player system in Miscreated is very advanced. The players can kill each other quickly, and bleeding is stopped using bandages or rags. Guns have realistic feels, being rare and needing to be treated as a rare commodity. The best way to get into a PVP fight is with friends, and if possible using external communication such as Discord or even a Steam Voice Call. Clothing plays a certain role in protection, as guns do more damage to a plain T-Shirt than they do to a military vest over a yellow rain jacket.The Day and Night cycle in Miscreated is very realistic. Over night, mutants become more aggressive and travelling becomes more difficult and risky as you have to decide whether or not to use your flashlight to find your way, whilst exposing yourself to all kinds of dangers and hazards. The light given off by flashlights are seen from far away, making it easy to track the holder of the flashlight and either kidnap, kill or hold them up.One day, I was travelling across the border of the map, and I saw a pillow of what I thought to be smoke. I travelled a little further, only to come about the realization that this was actually a TORNADO. Luckily, I was right next to a river, so I just crossed over and evaded certain death by around 50 metres. About 30 minutes later, my friends and I headed into a risky area, when it started to rain. The area misted over and the floor was so covered with water (REALISTIC PHYSICS) that we had to stop and take a look at what was unfolding around us. It had to be one of the coolest things I had seen in a videogame - EVER.Looting is realistic, with the inventory system being based on slots and weight (Max. 40KG). This makes the player manage their inventory more, needing to decide what they really need and want for their survival and what is just cluttering up their inventory. Another part of looting is the areas where you loot.There is a certain issue with building your own base/home, which is the sheer amount of resources it requires to construct at least a simple kind of home to be safe in. This leads me to be the player that just keeps moving, not having a place to settle down. This is a bit of a shame, as it makes you always want to change up the inventory you have, not being able to increase your loot and maybe stock up on certain weapons.In the future, even though the developers have denied, I hope that the game will implement some form of self-location (maybe a map with your position, or a GPS) that will allow you to find your position, if only when you spawn. This will be very useful in improving my general experience and fun in the game.Now let me recap what I wrote in a short Pros & Cons list:Pros- Apocalyptic, immersive feeling- Realistic combat- Realistic movement- Detailed environments- Advanced looting system- Day/Night cycle realistic- Weapons are cool- Mutants are scary- Crafting system is advanced- Animals are cool to find- Large amount of servers, including community AND official servers- Food/Water system advanced- Weather system is immensely coolCons- Locating and travelling to friends needs practice and certain time- Building bases consumes a huge amount of resources- Servers tend to be full (however it is easy to find other servers or just wait a few minutes for a free slot)- No form of self-locating implemented in the gameOverall, this was EASILY my biggest review so far, because this game just has SO MUCH to do in it. I would definitely recommend buying it at the price I bought it for, because without the locating system improved, i am not sure I would spend around $20 USD for the game."
76561198017647002,Recommended,299740,25219953,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rusty,This game is so much fun! I would definitly recommend this to someone who enjoys Survival games!
,Recommended,299740,22507783,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,NipZ,"This is growing to be the best survival game out right now, an amazing map with tons of POI's, good animations, vehicles and an actual post apocalyptic feel. In addition there was a whole new AI system, weather and player model added in the most recent patch. These are devs that actually care about their game and you can tell, as soon as you jump in and play."
,Recommended,299740,25098899,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jifx,good game
76561198060844807,Recommended,299740,15883265,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Nicofiend,"30 hours in and I still haven't seen everything there is to see. I've seen vicious mutants and thunder storms, rivers and oceans, and dense forests. I've driven cars and boats, I've pvp'd a little, I've explored caves filled with glowing puddles of hazardous waste, I've gone swimming in hazardous waste and gotten so sick I got lost in the woods, only to die from radiation poisoning. I've grouped with random people, and been killed by them as well. I've explored an atmospheric post-nuclear world that is growing as fast as it was destroyed.With more features coming soon, there is no reason not to own it.All that being said, I MUST voice some small level of doubt regarding the addition of ""base building.""Even so, this game is a survivalists' must-have."
76561197987914955,Recommended,299740,15893557,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Crit Da Southpaw,"here I am, 40 minutes into the game, still loading into a server. GGWP"
,Recommended,299740,15980995,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,zombrexabuser,"Has some nice graphics in places, especially the water areas but the game seems dull and boring as it stands and needs some more exciting features."
76561198083973955,Recommended,299740,21087759,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fusilli™,"Spent half of my hours trying to find my friends, 10/10."
76561197982723226,Recommended,299740,18923239,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Falcon,i might say this is the best survival game i ever played.. and i have played alot of them in the past few years...-DayZ-Infestation-H1Z1-Contagion-7DaysToDie-Netherthe game runs smoother than other similar games of zombie genre and i didnt found glitches and bugs like DayZ.whorth evry peny !! im verry happy with my purchase.
,Recommended,299740,23944985,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Profile name,"Atmospheric, immersive environment. Needs a few things like more in depth character customization, more clothing and more weapons/attachments. The map is coming along very nicely! And hope to have weather/tornado intensity/frequency options for server hosting. Base building is not bad. I enjoy spawning in and looting around in high loot servers as well. Looking forward to seeing more. Great game!"
,Recommended,299740,24246572,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nobee,NICE
,Recommended,299740,30219960,Posted: 27 February,all,floyd,"Miscreated is shaping up to be an amazing game, the devs listen and the current bugs and glitches are not game breaking at all, buy it u wont regret itEdit 53 hours:The game already has a good amount of content and plenty of things to keep you entertained,oh and pvp in this is game is just a heart and adrenaline rushEdit 153 hours:Buy the damn game, it's getting better everyday"
76561198001761976,Recommended,299740,18883103,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,General Jackassery,"Just Recently bought this game for me and 3 friends, and i happened to buy it for full price right before the holloween sale. And i have to say, im not at all bothered that i missed the sale, i think this game is 100% worth the price i paid, and i was happy to have paid that price. I believe this game has the potential to continue growing. So far my adventures have been hilarious, terrifying, and most of all really fun. i would recommend this game if you like post-Apocalyptic Survival / shooter games. in my personal opinion this is WAY  better than the Day Z standalone (although i prefer the mod to the standalone)  if that helps anyone decide weither or not to buy this."
76561198094745683,Recommended,299740,21134392,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"Don't buy this game. I know that I have given it a positive review, and I only do that because I really do like the game. Just wait for it though. If this games constant fixes continue, it will be done soon. Oh and whilst I'm at it, ♥♥♥♥ DAYZ"
,Recommended,299740,21240585,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Reevo,This game is amazing with amazing devs! Constatly being improved with every patch. Best survival game out there hands down.
76561197966105913,Recommended,299740,21256910,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Revixy,"Probably one of my favorite experiences I've had in a while.This game is worth the money they're requesting and the community itself is very friendly towards new comers.My experience did end with a hacker killing me in a vehicle, but that is beyond the point, the game itself is absolutely worth your time if you're not too afraid of *actually* having to try and survive in an actual ""survival"" game.Voice chatting with people is an absolute must, you'll get further than you'd expect, believe me.Until the day this game is well known for actually being good and then we get to see all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rise from their basements. ;)8.6/10.EDIT:It's unfortunate that a game like this is getting ruined by cheaters."
76561198017637441,Recommended,299740,21298534,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[KOR]sakurawars88 Rena's Shovel,"I would say this game is... no wait... will be much better than Dayz and H1Z1.The engine is optimized for normal computer even at a high graphic options,the animations are simple and realistic, the looting and crafting seems to be fun.Also the environment the game show a true apocolyptic background instead of ctrl+C, ctrl+Venvironment I've seen in some games.Still there are some improvements to be made.1. It is really hard to find a decent weapons... would be nice if we can make weapons from mother nature.2. Since this game does not tell you where you are, it is really hard to find my friends. Hard core survival theme isokay regarding with finding your location yourself, it would be great if I can spawn next to my friend. I spent 30 minutes just to find my friend and died from a hungry bandit who had a truck and guns. ( I will never forget that red truck)3. Wish there be a tutorial for beginners. Who said learning through experience will make you an expert? there are some players who simply cannot spent hours just trying to learn how the game mechanic work. Even I still don't know how to make a car!!! Please provide us with tutorials that will tell us all the mechanics available in the game.4. BoB system would be great. I wish I can make my own gang not just by sacrificing myself to any stranger in the game but by posting up a party system which will enable other players nearby join the band with just a click! (Like onlie RPG)5. I''ve noticed that there is a fine looking jet in the airport. I think the dev. might be planning a air vehicle which is awesome!!! Hope there are more vehicle.6. Lastly, I wish I can customize my character (Male/Female, Race, Face, etc)Regarless of all these wish and cons, I would say try this game out while you can!!It's still an Early Access Game for so long but it is worth trying since the developers aretrying their best to hear our opinion and hugely update monthly which is so appreciatve.Although my play time might not have convinced you players,I still would like to say it was worth every penny buying this game.Soon the dev. will add another huge patch for next month and maybe this year they mightfinish making the entire map (which is still hardly finished-> this is good!"
,Recommended,299740,21312804,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pahamees,Keeps getting better. Best 10 bucks i've ever spent!
76561198086419039,Recommended,299740,21314438,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Smokeczweed,Good game.
76561198156994205,Recommended,299740,22028234,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zclasher,nice game
76561197996570576,Recommended,299740,22172444,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dildonius Frockstench,It's better than DayZ. But thats not saying much
,Recommended,299740,24141715,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Exile,"Reminds me alot of H1Z1, except the devs aren't♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,299740,21287586,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,game4metoo,"Very good game, played it but had to refund it because I'm waiting for  more stable  controller support for xbox. It has some controls down packed but I still find myself having to use m&kb."
,Recommended,299740,21304392,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Chillinuts,"A refreshing take on the Dayz formula.Miscreated stands strong when compared to the more popular zombie survival games like Dayz and H1Z1 due to the fantastic loot system and story telling. No other game has managed to hold my attention and guide me through an untold story like this one has, either through a sleeping bag hidden away in the attic or an underground bunker filled with glow, It is reminiscent of ""The Forest"" in the way it fills you with more questions and just enough answers.These factors only go on to support a fantastic looking world and smooth gunplay as the game does well to make you feel in control of your character one hundred and ten percent with smooth performance and slick movement. This amicable environment is carried on in the community where the players around you are friendly and helpful, and the devs are always communicating.This goes on to be let down by few factors.The existance of an ""Invisible wall"" surrounding the map makes it feel small and isolated, Something which a free roam survival game wants to avoid at all costs, and zombie AI which is buggy and hard to compete with unless you have rounds to throw at them. These factors are being dealt with as I'm writing this, as the developer has claimed A large city is being built for the north of the map and the zombie AI is apparently being redone.Overall, a pleasant suprise especially for it's rather low price and definitely one to look out for in the future."
76561198059098730,Recommended,299740,24138477,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BustUrShelf,This good is game very yes.
76561197969728426,Recommended,299740,24944412,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,E5Ky,"Saw a friend playing this and thought just another Day Z type game.Nearly gave it a miss but thought I'd give it a try cause of the reasonable price tag.Was not dissapointed. This game is everything I wanted DayZ to be but wasnt.Theres a team of Devs who care about the game and have listened to the community. Sure there are some bugs, Like the one time I let go of a pig I captured and it floated away before I could  try and cook it or the time a friend and I spent hours finding parts for an ATV got it loaded up with our best stuff  but couldnt remove items from the ATV inventory. Then we flipped the ATV 2 min later and watched all our worldly posessions burn, This game is very playable for something in Alpha. I spent 6 hrs playing it yesterday. Was kitted to the teeth. Decided to raide a heavily fortified base. Was greedy with the loot and got caught when they returned a gun battle ensured.So much adrenalin, so much at stake. I didnt surive. I need to start all over again and this time Im going back there with friends.  9/10  Loving this game."
76561198001513799,Recommended,299740,25110916,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Slap_Tom,"so i spawn in alone and afraid i began looting a near by farm house the continued on down the road doing the same. when i had reached the end of the road i turned around and went back up to the top, as i walked i see a man in to weeds... i stop and call out to him. he stops turns and starts to run at me. at this point i can c he has an axe in hand! i tell the man that i mean no harm and have little to steal... he said ""you go"" (i think anyway, it was very broken English) so i turned and continued up the road. just as i neared the top another man with a gun on his back comes over the the top of the hill. i stop and tell him the same as b4. he stops and to my relief he spoke English! we talked for a bit and figured we were both fresh spawns we might better go together. we start back down the road, just to b interrupted by the non English speaking man again, at this point we c no harm in the fact that he is fallowing, so we continue on. as we wander down the road i c a airfield and we decide to go loot, the  man with the gun said ""this is a bad spot, we will prob die"" then he gives me the shotgun and said ""put one in the chest of anyone that tries to mess with us"" i tell him that would b a fine plan. we began looting the airfield, soon we spot a man close to us so we stop and start talking with him. he gives us a 357 and said he would go along with us also, again off we go. we find a large group of houses and start looting, we hear another man shouting something about Jesus from inside one house, so we all go in to c what its all about. as i enter the house i c a man standing in the corner, (still ranting) wearing a black motor cycle helmet. we all at this point are in a small room and have him in a corner asking him what hes doing. i am in the back off to the side when i notice there is another unknown man all geared out in the room standing right next to me! i said ""ummm i think we have another guy here"". i thought we were dead but nope he jumps on a table and shouts ""what in the hell are u boys doing in here!""  i say back ""that guy is just rambling on about♥♥♥♥♥♥and we had to c whats going on"" he said back ""i dont like no Jesus talk around here!"" and shoots the man in the face! we then all meet outside and the man with all the guns and a cowboy hat, said come on boys lets roll out. we all fallow this man to the next town, there we find a truck and we decide we should try to get it going so we have a ride. we turn and are about to start our hunt when 2 very heavily armed men come out of the shadows, ""get on the ♥♥♥♥ing ground!!!!"" ""lower all ur weapons and drop all ur gear now!!"" so we do under close shotgun surveillance. at this point the man with the cowboy hat said just do what they say and we will b fine. the two men tell us to stand up (now naked and with no gear) stand in a line, turn, now run and dont come back!so we leave go into a nearby building and the man with the hat said "" we are going back for our♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; i said nope but i will watch! they run in kicking and screaming and promptly get gunned the ♥♥♥♥ down! so i start walking alone again to find another man heading into the town, i stop to tell him that there r 2 men stealing peoples loot and to turn back. as i say this i hear i thought we told u to get out of here, i turn its the two men, one said well u know what u get now? ""BOOM!!!!!"" shotgun to the face and im dead!"
,Recommended,299740,25554891,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,⚡Electriq⚡,"I played most of the survival games that the market has to offer, and so far Miscreated is my definite favoritePros:Looting isn't tedious and slow, it's actually really fun and can find nice items fairly easyThere is already good variety in melee and firearm weaponsVariety in vehicles is really good, game has bicycles, cars, trucks, quad bikes, busses, etcGameplay and mechanics are really smooth and not awkward like in some other survival gamesGame looks beautiful, tons of small details that adds life into the game, like rats roaming around on ground, very cool and interesting graffiti, etc, game uses CryEngine so no surprises thereCons:UI can be improved, it looks a bit confusing when you see it at firstThe way you loot objects can be a bit complicated, you need to aim precisely at an item to pick it upServer browser definitely needs a big rework (which is in works already)My overall impression: Miscreated is the best that survival market is offering at this point, if you like survival games, you wont go wrong with Miscreated"
,Recommended,299740,21241557,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Bonersaurus Rex,"Great game with an active development team constantly providing new content.Visuals, environment, sound, gameplay with plenty to do, everything is satisfying."
,Recommended,299740,23530681,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nemi kasou,Very fun
76561198169412472,Recommended,299740,24110994,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DeadRobbie123,i jus got this game yesterday and was not able to play it idk why because when i was trying to join a server it shows my health bar and the chat thing but its a blank screen i cant see my character and it crashes and goes back to the servers can some one help pls but overal the graphics look good
76561198244505114,Recommended,299740,24391092,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,AirBaFa,"I like the game very much ,but I got a FPS problem,on every setting it's the same FPS ,about 20-25 (+/- 3).Anyway,I love this game !"
76561198086304302,Recommended,299740,25475251,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BMW EME5,PLEASE ADD MORE LOOT.
,Recommended,299740,25377156,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,(Not) Very Nice,">Decide after going out for drinks that I need to play a game>Joined server>Hiked into forest singing ""I'm On My Way"" as obnoxious as I can stomach to be&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥myself as angry puppies come for my butt hole>Got to road>Car coming>Good, should wave down>Have flash backs to ""Ride with a stranger"">Attempt to run away>Car attempts to run me over>Run into bush screaming in open mic while driver tries to shoot me>Gun fire stops>Come back to find puppies molesting driver butt hole>Laugh as I steal car and attempt to clear puppies from driver corpse>Accidentally hit rock causing car to roll>In panic press ""F"">Eject infront of rolling carMessage to take from this is that if you sing anything from the Proclaimers you deserve to die a horrible death; oh and the game is really good. Updates aren't quite ARK level, but monthly content updates aren't too bad either. Base building is gimped, every base is Jordan (can fly).Best zombie survival game out there."
76561198023790562,Recommended,299740,25378999,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,060 clip ✡,"I've already spent 25 hours and I can say with clear conscience that the game is brilliant. Miscreated is still in Alpha version and the updates come out regularly. It's good to know that developers work on their product the whole time. About the game itself - that's one of the best survival games I've ever played. Hourly danger and silence that surrounds you create an unique atmosphere. Weapons are not easy to find but if you already have one, it makes you feel confident and ready to face the danger. And everything around you is danger(!) From nature through mutants, ending on other people - who want to survive just like you. The loot spawn is appropriate and well balanced in my opinion. Better items are harder to find, but the joy after killing other player and taking his whole loot is unique. I also can't forget about the crafting system which is already at high level. You can craft hundreds of various items - tools, weapons, clothes, bags, walls, stairs, doors, chests etc etc. Many people don't even know about this incredible crafting system. It should also be pointed, that my PC has couple of years (4gb ram, slightly outdated video card) and it can run this game in satisfying 40-60 fps. Miscreated at this moment is still just an alpha version and still needs couple of fixes and updates. Hopefully the developers will keep working on their game like they do so far to make it better and better.My rate (at this moment) - 8.5/10Future rate - 10/10"
76561198024598831,Recommended,299740,23650128,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RizZ,Bought the game hoping to get into a new survival game different than ARK and Rust.Spawned in a forestWalked to a small townWalked around empty houses for 15 minutesFound a baseball batWalked down a road for 10 minutesKilled a weird zombie looking thing in the glitchiest hand to hand combat of all timeWalked down same road for another 15 minutesFound 3 playersHad a 4 minute awkward conversation at gunpointThey wished me luck and turned their backsSmacked one in the back of the head with my baseball batThey turn around and I'm instadead10/10 Steam refund works fine
,Recommended,299740,17489716,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kyllikki,Spawned in the game. Met four guys on the way while tried finding my very own backbag. Not single one of them attacked me. I found sparkplugs and electrical parts which I could not carry cause still had not that bag so I told one guy that I will lead the way so he can have em. Instead he just gave his backbag to me and left.Thats the story how I got my first backbag <3 5/5
,Recommended,299740,19049845,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Rest In Zaragbas,"With 11 hours of gameplay here is my honest review.Miscreated has got the basics of a good survival game already worked out. The world is designed and put together perfectly (can seem rather small but updates keep it growing) The base building is good but is way too hard because of the limited slots in inventory and weight. I understand either having slots OR weight but both is just stupid. gameplay mechanics are fine but could be better , animations are all good and gunplay is good but heavy(that's not a bad thing though)There are hardly any zombies/mutants around but they sure do f you up pretty bad so stay away from them.The lightning and atmospheric feeling is AMAZING , they push the game at least 4 points up because of how good they are! I know it's the cryengn and all but damn this is a pretty game.So there you go , a honest review.. Could be great but lack of content is holding me back. For 10€ it's worth it , not 20€ though."
,Recommended,299740,20678533,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Greenie,If you want a gAme like dayz that runs decent it def worth a buy plus the devs constantly update the game so there is always new stuff to find and explore
,Recommended,299740,21052743,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FlimFlam the Zombie Pie,Exceptional visual experience. Great ambient sound. I highly recommend the game.
,Recommended,299740,21059166,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Very nice game to play, especially with friends!Cryengine makes this game look really beatiful and I've only found couple bugs.Devs are really working on it and it gets better with every update!If you like this kind of games, you should give it a try, but remember it's still pre-alpha!"
,Recommended,299740,17515241,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Trippie,"Just another game part of the H1Z1 and DayZ hype, but it is still pretty good. I do not think it should be $18.99 though with its bugs and glitches still (I know it is still in Early Access). I would say it should be a $9.99 to $14.99 just until they improve on it and acually get it fully released."
76561198040299086,Recommended,299740,21092574,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kronus,"So far the game looks great, but it needs a storage system ASAP, as base building seems useless right now if you can't store things. (Well you can in vehicles, but there is a limited number of them per map). Also I hoped the games will have zombies, and lots of them, whereas it only has mutants, that look almost just like humans, not scarry at all, and you will meet 1-3 max at same time. I hoped for places filled with them, that could have better loot."
76561197966087383,Not Recommended,299740,34092768,Posted: 7 August,all,Doom Samurai,"Miscreated is one of those games that’ll keep you on your toes. I can honestly say that I enjoyed this game more while playing with friends. After stalking, being stalked, killing, and being killed by other players; I can honestly say I’ve never been so paranoid playing a game. I was constantly looking over my shoulder to make sure no one was waiting for me to slip up and kill me. The sound effects are ok; you can tell if another player was having a gun fight in my vicinity or a great deal away, another player was trampling around the area or sneaking around the bushes. This can work to your benefit or your downfall, as your character is a klutz and makes the most noise possible e.g. changing weapons, dropping items, and walking around a house in what seems to be tap shoes.The base building needs work! The developers seem hell bent on not allowing a snap together option for those who choose to or not. The perfectionist in me would spend hours trying to get wall sections on straight, as this game will see to it to offset sections that show they’re aligned on your screen, which over time can become very frustrating. Not to mention the threat of other players aiming to kill you when you’re more focused on building your base as opposed to being on the look out for them. And when your base gets raided, which it will to almost every new player (hopefully not as often with the durability update), you’ll spend another dozen hours trying to modify and refortify your base under constant fear of being shot in the back with access to all your storage. Next is storage, starting off you can store a total of 10 items, increasing to another 20 slots if you’re able to locate the blueprints. In addition to that, vehicles hold another 10 slots if you’re able to locate one and successfully return it to your base, randomly generated tents will hold anywhere between 10 – 30 slots, that is, if you can return it to your base. Now here’s the catch, tents and vehicles you find will just randomly disappear. No warning, no decay meter, no nothing just poof! gone with everything you had stashed.Glitches. Yes, I know it’s an early access game and to be prepared to encounter many glitches. There are some, if not many that is just completely unacceptable at this point in the game. For instance, getting killed by a random “phantom” mutant that cannot be avoided resulting in a very frustrating death or the perhaps glitching through another player’s base. Those are just a few of the many frustrating glitches in this game. Again, I can understand there are going to be glitches in a ""early access"" game, but come on, 3 years this game has been out, please resolve the issue.Overall, Miscreated isn’t a bad game, it just needs some major improvements in order to be able stand up to the many competitors our there in the same genre."
,Not Recommended,299740,32958445,Posted: 28 June,all,TheyCallMeGunny,"Horrible.Take a cliche of modern gaming: Zombie survival. now remake 100 games, except this time, give if fancier graphics. Sounds like a good thing, right?Except while it may look nicer.. They forgot the gameplay staples that made the genre: The map is too small. There are few POIs worth nothing, so few that it's easy for a 3 man team to camp everything worth visiting in the whole map. The survival element is all but nonexistant, thrown in as a placeholder. The servers are the usual"" butthurt admin followed by roving bands of griefers, with one exception:I've never played a game like this with so many bad griefers. This game has a ""role playing"" community tucked into it. They want to rob you at gunpoint. Except they're not good at shooters. So you kill them instead.They cry to admin, every server being personally owned, and you get banned for ""killing on sight."" Even though you killed them after a several minute long encounter where they ried to shoot you, tried to convince you to ""try on this duct tape"" and chased you into a building after missing their first shot.. When you turned around and killed them both.That scenario played out 8 times on 8 servers. Get stood up, they try to kill me, I kill them, I get banned.So yeah.. Terrible community makes terrible game. And anyways, though it does look nier than DayZ, the complexity that made that mod is nonexistant in this title: It's entirely too simple to offer any reward to playing, and you'll have the rarest guns on every server inside 20 minutes, consistently."
12988970173193988,Not Recommended,299740,34420020,Posted: 22 August,all,Jack,Me and my friends just gave them $50 in total. Unfortunately before we realised there was nothing more to do we had spent 3 hours on the game making it un-refundable. ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Not Recommended,299740,17902973,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MoonCrawlerVG,Bought the game.Spent 6 hours trying to get into a server.Passed the Steam refund limit of 2hours.Wasted $120/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,299740,33863619,Posted: 28 July,all,Bear,"So, you came here for a review ehh?Lemme tell you something, partner, this here game is half-done, good looking yet ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling game.I wasted €19.99 on this game and I regret it. The map is big considering that you have nothing and have to run everywhere 24/7 and that sucks because you feel like you're not getting anywhere anytime soon. And the only way you can see the map is Google or finding the in-game map that has horrible textures and doesn't tell anything to a new player. You have to learn the area through grinding, running and finding signs that don't even help a lot. There are no indicators for you to recognise group members or friends on the server, you have to trust your keen eyesight on this one but sadly in this game if any bush or tall object gets in between you and your friends - good look spotting them. The only thing you can see is continuing movement or a person running on a bridge (because he will be running without cover).Now let's talk guns... One of the 3 problems I have with this game is guns. They sound like mouse squeaks. GUNS DON'T SOUND LIKE THAT IN REAL LIFE OR OTHER GAMES AT ALL. In other games gun shots are at least loud and recognisable but this game just did a full revolution and made it completely opposite. Is that really bad? YES, IT IS BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW IF IT'S A SOUND COMING FROM THE ATTIC IRL OR IF SOMEONE IS KILLING YOU!!! Now that that's out of the way...Finding items in this game is like a chore. You run for 20 minutes (another overpriced running simulator survival game) to only find SOME food and maybe an empty clip for a makarov pistol considering that the place is huge and items could be scattered everywhere but they just aren't! In the end of your 20~40 minute running simulation you get killed by those SOUNDLESS GUNS and lose all your♥♥♥♥♥♥and respawn in another place where you have no idea where you are.And my last problem with the game.... The community. No one will hesitate to shoot you even if you say you're friendly and you just respawned and only have 1 can of dog food. THEY WILL SHOOT YOU FOR THAT 1 CAN OF DOG FOOD. You have to convince everyone for 10 minutes that you're friendly. You will probably be the only one that's trying to be friendly and help out respawners by giving them food, water, equipment, ect., only to be stabbed in the back 2 minutes later and realising you will never change a thing in this accursed game.Oh yeah, base building is a thing in this game. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. It's just such a grind. And you can't even build it properly because the walls don't clip on. You can measure with your eye and hope that it's perfect (it never is). It's just so frustrating that you spend 2 hours (if solo and new to the game's crafting) building the most basic base just to realise that it has a wall poking out and it will never be perfect. Then someone with full gear comes in, doesn't even ask if you're friendly and shoots you and destroys your base in 10 minutes, then you respawn somewhere comepletely different and you have no idea how to go back to your base or if you'll ever see it.So, as you can see, this game has been nothing but crap for me (the graphics are nice though, even on low) and I regret ever spending money or time on this game.Polar Bear OUT!"
,Recommended,299740,34882678,Posted: 11 September,all,PersianCat,"The game is looking real good, it runs real good aswell!I see some few guys giving it a thumbs down because the community, I agree the community is some toxic kids just shooting whatever they see, but its not devs fault, or if they would do something about it, I imagine it be hard.For right now I was focusing on survival with my friends we had some great moments!But it was kinda easy, I dont know if the survival was to easy(PVE) or just right, it felt realistic aswell, cause many games have this issue like you go 50 meters and you start dying of thirs, here you must kind get tired to get real thirsty or hungry, by running for little while or walking for a long time cause the map is pretty big.But my best moments was at PVEPVP servers with no KOS, where I jumped in Alone and met some friendly players, we communicated, looted togheter and watched eachothers back, even came into some drama where some bad peeps tried to trick us, in the end we made it out, and started splitting ways and met others that we did the same with, thoose moments had some good survival in it and great moments that made the game really worth for me!Im not saying Graphics is everything, but with thoose good looking graphics some moments just gets better.I have not explored the whole game though! I never jumped into base building etc cause thats not really my intrest."
76561198373847005,Not Recommended,299740,35012543,Posted: 16 September,all,Cheap Rugs,it has been in early access for 2 yearsand i still cant join a game i waited a whole hour and still cant playsad i really looked foward to itScore:-/10
76561198070294523,Not Recommended,299740,33610269,Posted: 17 July,all,Mr. Lahey,Too much autism in the RP part of the game.
,Not Recommended,299740,34491622,Posted: 25 August,all,Shiaholic,This game runs about as well as the fat kid in a school shooting
76561196749262146,Not Recommended,299740,34922732,Posted: 13 September,all,Grumpy,just a few things that made me want to not continue playing:- view distance is 100m even when set to max (8000)- graphics dont look nearly as good as in the screenshots (on max settings and high end pc)- no good loot anywhere- as soon as you find something you get shot- walking sim '17- server crashed as soon as i found something decent and didnt go online again- melee hitboxes are  ♥♥♥♥♥♥it's basically a bad clone of dayz
76561198046918444,Not Recommended,299740,35012792,Posted: 16 September,all,mk19752004,"I got this game , and it was fun for awhile but got boring . The game turned into a killing ground fast . Not my type of game ,but if you like random kills and looting other folks stuff then  this is the game for you . And the chats where real trash . Players telling other player to stay away from some areas or they would be killed . Kids I Geuss ."
,Not Recommended,299740,33883310,Posted: 29 July,all,Melody Dast Everheart,"The PvP ruins the game. You can play for about 10 minutes, then you get killed. Hence that you lose everything on death."
,Not Recommended,299740,34081252,Posted: 7 August,all,TakanashiNya,the game is having a bug that not allow me to play this game
76561198011983912,Not Recommended,299740,34574032,Posted: 29 August,all,Gun1,"Might sound like a joke but this game is miscreated by miscreated devs! what a joke of a game, i dont write reviews unless i put a couple of hundred hours in but this game ill make the exception, in short take your $20 usd throw it in the trash you will have more enjoyment and satisfication in doing so then purchasing this gameill try and keep this short but not easy to do* storage is a big issue and big turn off you will always have to sacrifice even in late game / 2 storage boxes total allowed in base not to mention the strict amount of weight you can carry*Found a couple of vehicles early in game but not anymore since everyone uses them as storage so good luck trying to find yourself one*People play with low graphics so no matter how well you hide they still find you*Spent a few hours just running around a half empty map with a few towns*Very unbalanced game cant even build a base without throwing things you have scavenged for the last hour because of the ridicilous weights*No beds to respawn so if you cant remmeber where you built your base badluckSo much more to mention but i will not waste anymore of my valuable time on such  crap"
76561198117166861,Not Recommended,299740,33218395,Posted: 4 July,all,Risen Psycho,"Games pretty garbage, the physics are absolutely terrible to the point where honestly it's a roll the dice hope you hit him because it doesn't like to register properly. The server ping and connection are garbage as well. I wouldn't recommend this game at all, play PUBG instead."
76561198122186227,Not Recommended,299740,33776672,Posted: 24 July,all,LoganMB977,"This game needs serious work. There's no compass or map so don't expect to actually meet up with your buds. The crafting UI is probably the least appealing setup imaginable. Also, I did not encounter a single mutant nor did I find any materials besides wood and stick piles. You couldn't pay me to play this at this stage.It looks pretty though, so there's that."
,Not Recommended,299740,33982352,Posted: 2 August,all,Green Arrow,"Miscreated was yet another title founded as an answer to Dayz.  If I was to say that the game doesnt play roughly identical it would be a lie, however thats not a bad thing. While I do love Dayz, Miscreated takes the formula and to some extents....perfects it. Miscreated has the best world design I have seen in a game in this genre.This however does not mean the game is perfect. Even though it has superior graphics and gunplay, amongst other things that make it stand out this game does have some major optimization issues. I cant even play it at 60fps without drops on even the lowest settings. The map is vastly smaller than Chenarus from Dayz which in turn almost makes the game feel too easy. Since the map is smaller the price of death is less meaningful due to the fact you can get to endgame consistantly and easily in under an hour provided you know the map.Combine that with what seems to be a more lenghty wait between updates and you unfortunately have a game that will become quite stale if you play it daily.  If your looking to take a break from Dayz but still remain in the same genre this should be your go to game. If you are looking for a replacement then I would hold out.I give this game a 7/10. Only so low because the map is tiny and I feel that its poorly optimized. My recomendation is to wait it out and see if it is ever finished.Specs:AMD Ryzen 5 1600x @ 3.7 GHzAMD RX 480 OCGskill 16GB DDR4 @ 3200 MHz"
76561198224842284,Not Recommended,299740,32704933,Posted: 23 June,all,Weaponized Hepatitis,Boring Very little mutants they don't even attack unless you attack first. I would suggest waiting until this game further develops at the moment there is no purpose of playing all NPC mutants arent difficult to kill at I. I would not pay $10.00. I would suggest waiting for this game to progress.
,Not Recommended,299740,35095494,Posted: 20 September,all,Pyrox,Running simulator 2014Seriously...i spend 2 hours running around and the best thing i found was a can of beans...great graphics..but thats the only thing i can commend it for...rest of it is boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥not to mention the toxic community... dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,299740,28772403,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Badaaii aimware.net,I got asked a refund for this game after having played for an hour. The graphics aren't great and mechanics aren't amazing either. since this game is still in alpha it could have potential but it isn't worth $22 at the moment.
,Recommended,299740,16155666,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,*TheGameBDC,"this game has alot of promise,it is like Rust and DayZ had a baby and it is Miscreated.i am really enjoying this game i would recommend"
,Recommended,299740,15291227,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Spackler,This game looks great. Sad more people are not coming to this game and filling up the servers. I think these guys are onto something.
76561198069190676,Recommended,299740,12797447,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Speckled Cephalopod,"This game is in Alpha stage and works very well, it looks freat, it plays great and feels great, however where this game lacks is the community, you have to kill or be killed, which is not a survival in my opinion, and the fact that there is no voice chat as of yet also brings it back from a 10/10. I like where this game is going and would definatly recommend this game to anyone who is seeking for a similar concept to DayZ, in fact; I enjoy this more than DayZ, which in my opinion is dead in the water and can not be revived unless it's picked up by another company. I give this game at it's current time an 8/10 because of the missing features which should have been in here from day dot. I also believe the price is a little steep for an early access."
76561198050037959,Recommended,299740,15276240,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,StirKrazy,"This is a pretty cool and fun game,Similar to DayZ, easier controls, better looting, more vehicles ( They're harder to maintain. Fuel, parts etc.)A good and sizable map, running the cryengine this game is just smoother and more fun.The mutants are a pain with melee, easy to out run and they also lose interest quickly, often a deer or other animal with distract them, sometimes the animals bring mutants to you.Anyway, my first day included, finding multiple guns, ammo, food. Killed my first player, by running him down with my truck. He was on an ATV, he was loaded up with awesome guns, unfortunately my car caught fire and I burned up.You cannot check the player levels after you log in so its always good to cover your back, with friends.Its fun and easy to play, only fault is not enough ppl playing on AU servers, so common and buy it."
,Recommended,299740,25375538,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kookie Wiz,"First review I am writing here on steam. Great game! I have been trying out quite a few different survival genre games and I must say this is the best one I have come across yet. The others I tried out left me bored after just minutes of playing. Whereas on Miscreated I am cosistently enjoying every moment. There is always loot to find and you feel good about every item you come across. You feel it is important. The game still has minor things here and there to be worked out but the developers really seem to be keeping up on any issues. My second time playing the game I met two guys (who are still friends now) and we started looting the town Sultan together. After about 10 mins we this random guy approaches with a pig in his hands and asks if we would like to hold it. We killed his pig and he ran and jumped off a bridge. 10 mins later he found us at a gas station in the dark and was swinging an axe at us saying, ""You killed my pig!"" Our friend killed him with a shotgun and pig man was never heard from again. I would take an axe to the face again!."
76561198324454883,Recommended,299740,25422050,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Salty0n3,"As any game in its early stages, it has its bugs. That doesn't keep it from being enjoyable. 10 hours and three servers later, that is.The zombies are not the enemy here, the other players are. Well most of them that is. Some will go out of their way to help you and others just to kill you and take your flashlight.Even after the disappointments I've experienced with the players, I'll keep building and playing. I can see this game continually growing."
,Recommended,299740,25317513,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Love,"After 20 hours of playing this game I have experienced some of the most funnest moments I have ever had gaming in a long while. I don't think I have ever felt so scared or so powerful, the feeling of being chased by guys with baseball bats scares me and gives me some sort of crazy adrenaline rush. There was this time where 6 of us random dudes put on yellow bike helmets and raided a hotel in the city only to have 4 members molotoved. Me and this other dude were having a stand off with the guy who molotoved our group and killed us both. Not only was it an adrenaline rush to me anyway but it was so much fun even though I did die, this game has moments like this all the time which makes it so fun to play.There is alot of things to do. But what got me playing most was meeting new people and making new enemies. Some of the best moments were me getting shot at and me running for my life only to be saved by someone. Honestly in my opinion that alone makes this game worth a buy.Graphics: Graphics in this game are stunninghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=757013468Here is a picture I took ingame it is a very good looking game so you will need a good pc to run it!Gameplay: It can be a bit odd at times with zombies teleporting around, lag and etc. Gun play isnt amazing but it's okay and the rest of the game is pretty good!Sound: The sound in this game is very important being able to hear your surroundings is one of the best ways to survive and the game does that well with ambient sounds of birds tweeting and the sounds of mutants screeching as they try to kill you.Overall 9/10 This game deserves it, it's a game that will keep me up all night and the updates are great and the devs are better I can't wait to see where this game goes."
76561198135821765,Recommended,299740,17727805,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Fun,"Can Miscreated hang with H1Z1? *DayZ was never an option*Yes.While early access this game looks great because the game already has distinct beaches, a villiage, couple mountains, hills, and streaming rivers where as H1Z1 has trees and green grids of grass to do your site seeing and one beach in the middle of the map... it makes no sense.In a few more patches and updates this game could steal the show for the zombie survival genre, as far as must own...Hell yes.Pro- Get lost in the looting and gritty post-apocalyptic atmosphere. Restarting doesnt look like h9,8,7,6,5,f,8,9,5,3b,6,7,8,9c,6,7,8,9d,6,7,89,e,67,8,9,f6,7,8,9g,6,7,89,h,67,8.etccon- About half the reviews talk about the players being friendly, this is true but just like when H1Z1 started everyone was friendly (until better guns).So just alternate this title with something else Like rust or H1Z1..state of Dikayuntil its more polished and then maybe it will reach the top of the genre."
,Recommended,299740,21032079,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,PBJ TIME,best real survival game! This game isnt for the faint hearted. You could lose everything in a split second!. It really takes skill with a bit of luck!
76561198187210425,Recommended,299740,18819511,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Amazing_lol™,"As of December 11 2016 i wanted to edit my reveiw (still positive just felt like i should add more) I've been playing Miscreated, and an active member of the community, for awhile now and can say the game is a lot of fun for lone wolfs, teams, PvP and PvE types of people. The dev team, their mods, and their play testers, are very dedicated to the betterment of their game, always talking to community and getting suggetions. They treat people with respect and this has created such a great community to be a part of. Since release this game has come a LONG way. Bug fixes (though they're still there, just hard to get rid of  ALL) lots of new content like weapons, attachments, base building is fun, storage (more is planned), new locations (huge city in the north) and the ever growing player base, I remember when it was just a couple full servers but now there are a lot more. People stress that there are too many hackers, but many of the people with hundreds and others with thousands of hours beg to differ. This game isn't meant for people that like to get loot in a few minutes, or never die to another player, this is how a survival game was meant to be made, good devs, good community, and good game. It's a good game now and it's not even finished! the dev's drop news upcoming content here and there and a lot of stuff in the game is going to be improved (crafting, base building, animations, etc) for 20 bucks it is definetly worth it if you're new to the genre or not, but for 10 it's a steal!I'd like to add something about servers here, the dev's have stated they do NOT make money off of server rentals, and they have also said the rental costs COULD go down when the game code is more refined (and the current high prices are based off of how much server usage the game uses, it being CryEngine, and in development, are creating those high prices.), and for those that would like to host on your own, currently the dev's have said no, and do not know whether they will allow it in the future or not. But they have also said they're discussing more hosting partners, but currently are sticking with one (i3D) for easy upkeep, updates, and fixes. There are 400 or so servers, there are many PvE, No KOS, and full blown PvP servers, and many official servers for quiet a few countries.Steam keeps not fully tracking my hours, my actual play time is hundreds more than what Steam has displayed.--Here's the original review--Let's start with first impressions""HOLY SWEET BABY JESUS'S BUTTIX this game is beautiful""So after the initial shock of how nice everything looked I went around pillaging towns. Chatted with a few people here and there. After about an hour I started wondering into the country side and shores. Long ways from town I climbed a ladder and was flung off (this has happened 4 times so far) respawned said ""aight lets try this again and not do stupid stuff"" went on my merry way and looked for the holy airfield which is basically Mecca for all players, we all make our holy homage there atleast once in awhile right? Well I went on my way and was chased by 3 different groups of mutants. After what felt like years I finally made it to the holy airfield. I then proceeded to make the mistake of jumping off the cliff and had to restart. I finally made it back and by now have met a decent amount of people, all who seem friendly by the chats I've had with them. But I make it in and I met someone, teamed up, and have been kicken♥♥♥♥♥♥and forgetting names since. 10/10 love this game, I don't know why it has gotten bad reviews and not much recognition. Some problems tho (which I can easily ignore because this game bae) is the ladder glitch and sometimes items spawned IN the ground"
,Recommended,299740,20986702,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Spearsy,"Great game with huge potential, dont look at the mixed reviews tag its great fun"
,Recommended,299740,20983126,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Goldentwat,"This game is worth the try. You must not expect a perfect game since it's still on Alpha, but I have to say in only 3 months they added 3 patches. It's like christmas every time I have to download the new fixes and add-ons. Soon enough this game will get enough popularity and it's price will go up for everyone's benefit. Best dev team and awesome gaming experience for me. Must buy and must have fun ;)"
,Recommended,299740,21103643,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Knifey,"Beautiful game, heading in a really good direction in damn awesome updates."
76561198159877385,Recommended,299740,20627563,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,niccohughes,ok so i do like this game but there are afew thing that i really hate like for one the big problem is the server screen it really to damn small to read i cant read the name of the servers that my friends play so i can never join them at all cause of it this is must fix so fix it plz
,Not Recommended,299740,35094984,Posted: 20 September,all,hockeybadger44,Ur game is shity.
76561198146498028,Not Recommended,299740,33575240,Posted: 15 July,all,Kidfierce1640,"Nice idea, poor mechanics and even worse player base.All shoes make the same LOUD noise.  Sneakers should be quieter than heavy combat boots?  Nope.Walking slow or creeping along should make your footsteps not so loud?  Nope.Good luck finding things to survive.   The rng is almost as bad as World of warcraps.Speaking of which, the player base here is toxic; almost as bad as wow's.    Unless you are in the same 3rd grade class with other players, forget about groups or joining a ""clan"".   You will be killed on sight.  Even if you have nothing for them to gain.  This survival game has become a deathmatch game.  Sadly the developers are doing nothing to steer the game back into the orginal direction.Do yourself a favor and save the stress and frustration of trying to accomplish something in this game:  TRY SOMETHING ELSE."
,Not Recommended,299740,33653423,Posted: 19 July,all,Thiil-,Early Access coming on 3rd year.Still the same bugs.Miscreated- i agree with that
,Not Recommended,299740,33875049,Posted: 29 July,all,vango7171,"drawn in by the graphics and the views on youtube. I spent 2 hours searching for anything even another players, I finally found 1 after all that time looking. keep in mind the server was full. plus the loot was meh I looked in about 13 homes ,cars, boxes, etc and didnt find any weapons or much of anything besides food. honestly wasnt fun at all. maybe I should have listened to the recent reviews."
76561198170434218,Not Recommended,299740,33684001,Posted: 20 July,all,DIgimon_FTW,"As awsome and amazing this game is and looks, it doesnt have much to do solo. If you are alone you pretty much die no matter what."
,Recommended,299740,21215299,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,KrayZ-t,"This game doesn't run smoothly on my pc, it's beyond it's capabilities.from the first few minutes playing this, even with lag and render issues, this game is very clearly a good early access game.It isn't perfect, in fact, i am certain that it is not yet close to the level the developers are wanting to reach with it. However, the world seems well designed and built, and you aren't instantly overrun with Zekes as they are fewer are further between than in most of this genre of game.There is a very true sense that there was a mass culling during the war prior to the games setting. This makes the less frequent zombie run ins far more realistic and make the world feel li9ke it has been severely depolulated due to said war.I would definitely reccomend this over some of the more npc populated games in the genre, this has the feel of a post war zombie scenario that could be more beleivably likely.Reccomended without hesitation!"
76561198115999948,Recommended,299740,21235762,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,daddyk1ngst0n,"The futture of apocalyptic games , goes to MISCREATED"
76561198058855962,Recommended,299740,18262369,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Beauner,"This game has shown alot of developement and improvements. I am happy as a consumer with this product, this is rear considering so many shanky EA games out there.Only down side, not many poeple play this game.This game would be the turn of the century if more players found this game.7.5/10 For EA"
,Recommended,299740,20836979,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FullmetalYT,This game is really really fun. It has a similar vibe to DayZ but without a million bugs and problems. The devs update this game all the time. Great game!
76561198166232714,Recommended,299740,17813634,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ragnarr.,"well worth a play, and the cryengine definitely makes a big differents,, ps dont for get forget to bring your friends"
76561198293948076,Recommended,299740,31930440,Posted: 24 May,all,APPLEJUICEBOX,good
,Recommended,299740,20708606,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Smugz,"A fun and very beautiful game, I have seen some reviews saying that the game is good looking but ""dull"", not much to do and no real goal except to loot. This is true, if you join a low populated server. If you find a highl populated server you can interact with other players, that is right not everybody shoots on sight!This game is good looking and to me, feels like a better version of DayZ, although the mutants are hard to find and not hard to escape I still think it makes an enjoyable experience, the atmosphere alone at night is enough for me to reccomend this game, it is very scary but I think if mutants were to spawn in houses this game would be even more better. I think with a bit of development this game could be one of the greatest on Steam.Score: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,299740,21149012,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,hellsvien,"Miscreated Review.WOW. I got this game on sale for around $9 this month. My friend suggested it to me, I looked at the main image of it and scoffed to myself thinking ""Another crappy zombie game"". Boy was I wrong. Buying this game for $9 was the best bargan I ever got,DAYZplease give me back my money, YOU TOORust!Playing Miscreated was as simple as running the game, choosing a server then loading in. You spawn with a flashlight and some clothes on your back. You then begin searching for supplies, which you can find in buildings and around the place.The map is HUGE. It could be bigger in the future too, but honestly....the size right now is perfect. I loved the detail of the towns....they actually look overun and apocalyptic, with broken powerlines and vines growing everywhere. The country side is lush and vibrant and reminds me of a summer greeny foresty state. Walking up a deserted asphalt road I see a bridge. Looking down I can see a huge river with rapids, with deer grazing on the banks.This game is beautiful.Guns are snappy and fast to use, none of this laggy shooting. Vehicles are available, as well as crafting and base building. This game is a must have, as it is still new and many more things are being developed.Graphics: 9/10Sound: 9/10Scenery/Landscape: 10/10PVP/Firearms: 9/10Mobs: 9/10Content: 8/10Stability/Bugs: 9/10Ease of controls: 10/10Survival Systems: 9/10Load times: 10/10Max score: 92/100."
76561198042940652,Recommended,299740,21225146,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,KFCAPOCALYPSE,"The game is better than dayz by a long shot and the map is still under construction, the base building should come with a little more like storage crates cause there is no point of a base if you cant protect your goods and to the fact of not being able to stash certain items, when stashing veichals also to not have everything missing in 4 hours cause it kind of defeats the purpose the servers should consist of a number of like 64 player so there is more game flow and the possibillity of forming an in game econmy, have a random spawn and having a time on spawn will allow the amount of items to increase and allow rarity as well, i have 80hrs and i enjoy the game to where im getting ready for this game to get big and servers to be packed i have a nice sized base thats worth nothing, and trucks that need assembled constantly some of the phyx to the game are buggy but i cant wait to see how this game is in a year and hope the developers dont throw something good away."
,Recommended,299740,22399411,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,LongJohnBigD ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,"The game has stunning graphics and the performance is quite impressive for the detail there is although it still needs some optimization, the physics of the game also need to be imroved and it needs to have bigger cities and more military places, better vehicle physics and visible vehicle damage, planes as well but overall the game is pretty fun to play considering it is at it's at its alpha stage and it seems promising to be quite an amazing game if it keeps on getting more optimizations and features added on."
,Recommended,299740,21185998,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,egyTony,This game is fun and cool and the only problem i went through since i buyed this game is that when i use 800x600 resolution i cant use the craft system cause u cant see it but if u have a great pc u wont run in to any problem
,Not Recommended,299740,30739139,Posted: 25 March,all,Koopa,"The game has a  lot potential as the DayZ we wanted but never got, but it is honestly too time consuming and frusturating just getting equip with some very basic gear (Read: expanding inventory), guns (read: pistol) and ammo. The biggest gripe i have is with items and how they are handled. The spawns are extremely random, and the lack of logic makes it difficult for the average person to figure out how things work within a reasonable amount of play time.Additionally, once you discover the spawn locations of items, you'll come to realize that many are in hard to see/reach locations. Both of which create a huge barrier to entry for new players (this also makes death much more painful relative to verteran players before you learn the maps and spawns)Rather than complain though, I'd like to provide some insight towards what I would like to see as well as echo the sentiments presented by others already. With that, I'd like to see 2 changes that would really enhance gameplay, which  would ultimately engage players and make it feel less like a walking simulator while staying true to the core concepts and values.1.) Useful/Acquirable Items should be more obvious in the world, rather than seemingly hiding some spawn locations (i.e. gun ammo hiding on the top shelf of a closet, well out of visual sight or in a tough to reach spot in a blown up car's floorboard) - Both examples require the use of stamina/fatigue to even check some of these spawn locations2.) Items should have more consistent spawns. For example, residential houses drop basic gear such as: clothing, backpacks, tools, shotguns,pistols, and their corresponding ammo. Grocery stores with canned food and beverages. Jerry cans  at gas stations, and the more powerful guns/ammo at Military Bases and Police Stations.By making these simple changes, people wouldn't miss out on hidden spawns and subsequently complain about a lack of loot. Moreover, new players can use and apply logic to figure out how spawns work. Creating consistency in spawns will ultimately create ""farming hotspots"" which will encourage player gathering and interaction for fighting, cooperation, or any combination of the two. Instead of Hayward Valley being the only relevant area on the map, each building and town will become relevant by gaining a specific purpose.Here is to hoping we see some loot optimizations and improvements"
76561197994819609,Not Recommended,299740,33766469,Posted: 24 July,all,Drycon,"5 Hours ingame and I cannot recommend this to anyone.*update* By now I have around 26 hours in this game, trying to find any pleasure since my refund was not allowed by Steam. It's still not there, I had a couple of fun hours gaming with a group of friendly people who were also the first ones not to shoot on sight. I had a lot of bad hourse because of KOS and recently also RP server experience which was ridicoulous. In between are dull hours of encountering no one and finding nothing and just run for miles and miles and miles until the next batch of houses with only food and useless things.I have also experienced a statifying...experience of finding my base back after dying. Yes I forgot to check the map where I was building and alhough I was on a no-KOS server I still got killed out of the blue and respawned on litterally the other side of the map.Now I really despice abusing respawning to get back in the right area so I decided to walk back to the point I THOUGHT was my base. Encountered a friendly guy halfway the trip who was out of food and gave him some. That makes 5 friendly people in the game so far. :)I also tried a RP server, thinking that RP folks would have less of a reason/habit to KOS. Boy was I wrong. Litterally the first person I encountered  shot me after demanding me to speak. So much for RPing a deaf mute no? Ofcourse I complained to the server admins about it and suffice to say they didnt care.So if you want to run around dictating people how they should play and shoot them without repercussions go to a RP server. Shame, really.Kuddos to all the friendly people I have met but the game on itself is still not a fun experience when you have to loot house after house after house after tent after barracks and when you finally find a gun an a**hole is waiting for you outside and *boom*, back to the begin with you.Pro'sGraphics look greatCreepy atmosphereModern, post-apocalyptic setting (personal pro)Exploring is great.Con's- Everyone will kill you on sight, no one will even blink or think twice. (also on RP server I experienced this)- No base spawning, you can spend hours on building a base but you will never spawn in it when you die. Instead you will spawn at a random location with no possibilty to make a map and you can start all over again.- Crafting on itself is realistic but has no point or purpose in this game. Why spend hours on crafting a base only to get killed and spawned on the other side of the map.- Players abuse game mechanics to find boxes you try to hide. With a plot sign they can see if someone has build something nearby, even a chest.- So building and storing items has no use at all.- Crafting interface is a burden.  Tiny buttons and drop down menus, not user friendly at all.Common adapted gameplay by standard sociopathic means in Miscreated...Find a gun, kill everyone you come across and loot better stuff.Get killed, rinse and repeat.Shame, the mechanics offer so much more than this basic deathmatch crap.Waste of money and a waste of time so far but as of yet I refuse to give up.Thinking of buying a microphone so be able to yell at people shooting at me.""I got an AK here, do you feel lucky!?""....maybe it'll help. :)PS did I mention the outright hostility of 99% of the playerbase? See SHRIMP's comment below for an example. Brainless KOS oaf."
76561198135849104,Not Recommended,299740,31360985,Posted: 25 April,all,Harambe,"don't be decieved by the trailer. I tought the game was good but it really isnt. Boring as hell, no loot and way to much walking"
,Recommended,299740,20621473,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ItzFuzionHD,i love this game when i get paid i will be buying it :) 10/10
,Recommended,299740,18420209,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[46th IR] Maxxus,">Logs in with friend for the day>We head into town from our base to get some supples>Saw someone outside who started shooting, so we shoot back>Guy flees>We continue to loot the town>Start getting paranoid of potential others in the town>Once we start heading back I tell my friend""Wouldn't it be funny if we saw someone at our base?"">I yell at my friend ""THERE IS THREE?!"">We noticed they were trying to steal our ATV>My friend and I VS 5 raiders>First guy jumps around confused trying figure out who was firing>Second guy shoots his friendly and kills him>We shoot and kill the second guy>By the time fourth guy turns around after trying to steal our boat... they're dead.>Fifth guy is on the boat confused>He scrambles to jump off the boat>Fifth guy flees>We proceed to repair wall...>Next day, ATV is gone, ripManaged to steal their M40A5 sniper rifle and a bunch of ammo though :D10/10 would jinx myself again."
,Not Recommended,299740,28303442,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,imberMight,"My goal here is to leave as honest a review as possible, so that people thinking about the game will at least give some more thought to their purchase. I don't suggest it right now, because there is nothing to indicate the cons I list below will ever be addressed. I hope one day in the future to be able to change the review to be one that is more favorable.What we have here is a game that is not just a little like DayZ or H1Z1, but is, in many ways, almost identical. There are some differences here and there, mostly in arbitrary things such as item names and the overall geography of the map, but otherwise, if you have played any of the aforementioned games, you have essentially played this one. You have many of the same types of materials farmed from the same sources using the same tools, and you have to go into towns and cities to find things like weapons. Sometimes there are zombi...er mutants, that pose a little bit of a problem, but your primary concern is other players. Heck, player avatars even look the same - so much so that itfeelslike the same game at times.You spend a great deal of time walking, running, swimming, or (if you are lucky enough to find one) riding a bike on an endless quest to gather as many materials as you can manage, until another player sees you, kills you on sight, and the cycle starts again. That's fine. After all, it seems to be the main staple of games like this, and a large part of what the supporters of such games seem to enjoy. If that is what they like, far be it from me to say its good or bad. My point in all of this is to show that this game, while graphically impressive, brings nothing new to the table. In fact, it is lacking in a lot of ways that others in the genre are not.Let's start with the pros, as it is certainly the shorter of the two lists:Graphically Impressive.The game looks good. Not quite as good as the trailer would have you believe, but definitely good. I haven't had any issues with screen tearing, choppiness, low framerates, or connection issues, though there are oithers in my regular play group that do. The weather effects are the best I've seen in a game yet, although all I have ever seen so far is a rain storm.Voice chat is cut off on death.Thank god I don't have to listen to doofuses verbally teabage me after I die.No zombies.I'm putting this here even though it is negated by the presence of equally pointless mutants.Aaaand, now for the cons:It's more of the same.This is essentially an early alpha DayZ (not the mods, those were fun). The game cycle is walk, loot, die, spawn, walk, loot, die, spawn. I just don't get the point of making a game just like the one before it. No, mutants instead of zombies is not different enough - you need to break some new ground, take some risks. Especially if you are going to go early access, it takes more than what is here to make a real splash.I have hope for the game, even though I'm not impressed with it, that it will do something different. However, theroadmapdoesn't make any promises.Mutants are pointless.They are nothing like the trailer. They essentially run at you and swing until one of you dies. No spinning uppercuts, no blade arms - they are just fugly people thatrun at you and you kill them. I have never seen more than one at a time unless I fired a weapon. Then there were three or four, but they only chase you for about 20 seconds and then you can resume the game cycle. The same goes for wolves.The game is buggy.Items dropped on floors drop to the floor below, and in the street they drop below the surface, so trading stuff to friends can be difficult at times. Driving a vehicle is a very twitchy, not-fluid experience. It looks like you are driving a car with no suspension using an XBox controller.Weapon handling is terrible.I have fired nearly point blank into other players chests, only to miss half or more of my shots. I have also fired on someone while aiming down the sights from about a dozen feet away when they weren't moving. They weren't hit by the shot. There have been points made that wind and bullet drop play a factor in this game, but there are certain ranges where a handgun is going to be off by inches at most.To be fair, melee seems to be pretty spot on, but that only happens when a fresh spawn is involved.Loading the game (and even the server list) is very slow.This feels like a nitpick, but dreading a minutes-plus load has deterred me from playing on at least one occasion, so it's worth mentioning.Base building is bad.From the abysmal interface to the lack of snapping, base building hasn't learned a thing from this game's predecessors. I get that they think not putting in snapping allows for more freedom of placement, but if you enable it using the ctrl key, it at least makes in an option.Making things takes way too many materials; You have to farm resource used to make other resources, that are then used to create walls, platforms, ramps, etc. This takes up a ton of the already limited inventory space, not to mention in a lot of the times weighing too much to carry it all. You can make a chest so store it in, but you can't lock the chest, so it isn't safe until there are walls around it. Making four walls when you know what you are doing takes about ten minutes if you are uninterrupted (for the record, you really don't want to be interrtupted), and don't forget the door. A door means you have to create an additional wall for its opposite side.It is also a one-at-a-time affair because of the space issues. Gather the wood, craft the lumber, craft the [tiny] wall, place it, start over.Rotating assemblies on the vertical axis like the video shows and pressing Shift to place them on top of other objects is all the control you have, and the limited viewing options make it difficult to place things with any real level of precision.Resources are never used up.Building a base? All you need is a nearby tree. One. You can chop on it all day and night, and it will always provide resources.All in all, I like the idea of Miscreated, but liking the idea of something and liking its current implementation are two very different things. It is obviously made by some folks that loved the idea of H1Z1 and/or DayZ and wanted to accomplish what those games do not. They still can, and I hope they do, but their feature roadmap is very thin, and it doesn't paint the picture of something groundbreaking, just another iteration of the same. If you like this sort of game, then by all means pick it up, but do so with the above in mind - and do it when the game is on sale."
,Recommended,299740,20293508,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,n00bshr00m,"Great game. Great atmosphere. Just needs a bigger map (hate those invisible walls) and better menu system because right now it looks so cheap. Character customization is also needed, nothing big, just something like it's in DayZ. Video settings are pretty poor too and I need a way to change my FOV. Everything else is well made and I hope this game won't change too critically. Please don't stop developing this game. This has so much potential to be something BIG. Weird that this isn't more popular."
,Recommended,299740,20424258,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Wayo!,Didn't buy this game because of what it is. Bought it because of what it can become in the future
76561198081079166,Not Recommended,299740,25428589,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,scrumpy jack,"Thought I would give this a go as it was on offer. Well I got to play about 3 minutes of it (not even long enough to figure out the controls) before the server booted me out..tried another three different servers with the same result. Couldn't be bothered to keep watching a 'joining server' load screen again in the hope to play the game for more than 30 seconds, so requested refund. Shame as from what I saw, it looks good."
76561198005529051,Not Recommended,299740,30888761,Posted: 1 April,all,Noobs On Toast ™,"loved this game for a long long time,made some great friendships through it,but thats where it stops,the game is just a ♥♥♥♥ing mess,floating bases everwhere that cant be touched and been ignored by the devs (so far) go loot for an hour and find a empty gun in spawn point where EVERYONE spawns and get nothing but a fist fight from another fresh spawn and die again,find a back pack and bump into a clown who says ""drop it all or die"" and ♥♥♥♥ing repeat,i put nearly 3k hours in this ,and seriously,will not play it again as it is,lets face it when they bring out a patch where you can craft a♥♥♥♥♥♥house for a flying base,it becomes a joke..."
76561198083593719,Recommended,299740,15571588,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AvengingGnome4,Great game! Would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,299740,14061916,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Anthonybkraft,has alot of potential. just needs some ironing out.
76561198004742837,Recommended,299740,20926941,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JPGaming,"I have been playing this game for quite a while now. It is by far the BEST survival sandbox out there, even in it's current state, and that's saying something! (People forget it's Early Access....)It's the immersion! You get so involved and absorbed into the world, not to mention it looks bloody amazing. It's nothing like a H1Z1 or Rust or what ever those kids games are, you are so precorcious about everything. At any moment you could lose the gear that you have been looting for so long OR you could make a friend!The community is great. I play on a pretty average server for the population (which is still pretty low at about 10/32 online). The people I have met over my time is great. This game has mature players who don't usually KoS, but as the game gets more popular I guess we have to prepare for the kiddie to come (But you do need bandits to make it interesting!) The game streamers are awesome and very active also.The game will explode once the item/inventory system is in place. The Devs work bloody hard and keep updating us with content monthly while they work on this system (currently character inventory and items are a little buggy and there is NO storage containers except for vehicles, which are found and contructed in the world).So the rest, crafting if great (the base building is THE BEST of any game I've played!) Various weapons, vehicles, towns, clothing etc. The mutants, though slightly nerfed and still great and give you a bloody fright a lot of the time. It's not like the 3rd person kiddies games that give you cross hairs, you actually have to aim. This is a survival game, not a 3rd person shooter!This game is worth a go if you really enjoy survival. And it is going to be a massive next couple of months, so WATCH THIS SPACE! Please also check out the recent ""State of the Game article, lots of juicy upcoming details in that!http://miscreatedgame.com/news/state-of-the-game-2015/"
76561197998050806,Recommended,299740,12704113,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Noises,Even at this early stage in alpha I found the game engaging. The lack of guns and ammo make for a much more visceral experience surviving and encouraged players to be far more careful with their engagements and generally gave me more opportunities to make allies than your typical survival type game. I'm definitely going to be watching this as it develops.
,Not Recommended,299740,29887313,Posted: 12 February,all,Yad,Any multiplayer game that allows for people to become completely invisible and kill other players is a complete failure in my books.
76561198049540859,Recommended,299740,25053020,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,XPHIOS,This game is as if H1Z1 and DayZ had the most perfect and beautiful baby ever to walk the library's of steam users. Seriously this game is awesome!
,Recommended,299740,25031668,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Fast As Fuck BOI,"This Game is pretty much the best survival game out right now with the most enjoyble content with many friendly guys that will give you ton of mad ♥♥♥♥♥.This Game plays really well and i would highly recommend to any one who likes fun.Thus this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥and i will likley play for another +2,0000 hrs or i might ♥♥♥♥ing blow my head off."
,Recommended,299740,19377606,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ackrynom,Miscreated is what Dayz should have been. No need for anymore.
,Not Recommended,299740,33139995,Posted: 2 July,all,(Strai),"★☆☆☆☆Reaons to Buy:+ You want a slightly more functional, but nearly 1:1 clone of DayZ?Reasons to Bail:- Crafting is so horrendously bad that it makes the entire game not worth playing.- There are plenty of survival games out there, this one does nothing special or better.  Unturned is free.  Rust is bad, but still better than this.  Ark is the current king of the genre.  PUBG is a thing.Pros/Cons Feature List:+ Music at the title screen+ Surprisingly high frame rate (~55 FPS)+- Melee combat is functional enough+- Clan system? (seems to just allow coop building)+- Most controls are mapped wrong, but can be changed+- Some items show on characters, though it seems a wierd selection of which- Bugs and crashes- Bad draw distance- Insta 1shot deaths- Unintuitive crafting- Useful loot is too rare- Practically no PvE elements- Zombies are rare and easy to kill- Lowering weapons is janky and pointless- System resource destoyer (memory leaks?)- Inventory weight limit, on top of inventory slot limit- Various acts are super slow, like crouching and leaning- Can't open/close doors, most places don't even have doors- Have to manually empty pockets before you can swap clothes- Searching crates and objects, most of which are empty, is unsatisfying- Day/Night cycle takes far too long, and night turns buildings into black voids- Bad building.  No snap.  No Respawn.  Limit of 1 chest per building??  Pointless.- Awful gathering system.  You have to spam mouse to chop trees.  Materials quickly make you overweight, and amount to nothing.- Worst crafting system, of all time.  Recipes don't auto-craft lower tier components.  Things craft into heavier things.  You can't do anything else while crafting, not even close the menu or move.  The menu is categorized horribly, and doesn't have a text search.  Sometimes the craft cancels itself.  Things take entirely too long to craft."
,Not Recommended,299740,12849317,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr-Klay,"Wait a bit before purchase.Yes the game has some promise, but at it's current state, I would hold off.Pros:- CryEngine, looks great in the areas they have somewhat finished.- Movement feels fluid, not too fast, not too sluggish.Cons:- Lack of variety of loot (I know it's alpha)- No real drive/motivation for the player. (Lack of threat, besides other players)- Combat needs some work, (only able to swing meelee, would like to see variety. Also add blocking/come type of defense)At it's current state I could not reccomend purchasing it. I'm someone who needs assurance the game will come to fruition. Though it does show potential."
76561198083623197,Not Recommended,299740,13252052,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,1LIKWID,"hoestly really diaspointed with this game, got it 3 months ago and have never played it, everytime i try it says ""unable to connect to server"" for every server, but the worst part is, there is nowhwere to get your money back from, complete bs!!!!"
76561197966720365,Not Recommended,299740,12727346,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GlassDecaf,"As of now.. there' is absolutely nothing to do other than shoot, stab or punch other players and deer. The trailer for this game is very misleading due to the fact that they make it look like the map is crawling with npcs to fight which is not the case. I'd wait on this one.. might end up being another ""Infested: survivor stories"" type game. It's definately not worth $25.99 as of yet."
76561198118358049,Recommended,299740,28288584,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gladys Chong,"Like the game but... one question, how to create a server?"
76561198233685840,Recommended,299740,28816652,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,I'm Marry Poppins Y'all,"Trust no one. Make friends before you play this so you can play with them. TRUST NO ONE (EVER) When you do trust someone and die, remember what I told you, so you can say ""oh yeah guess he was right"" .....Really fun game overall and should get better."
,Recommended,299740,25746287,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Swappy [RB],you can pick up pigsi love this game9/21
76561198038415372,Recommended,299740,14004967,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Devon,killed a group of 7 and then died to my friend. 10/10 would die again.
76561198073011893,Recommended,299740,18677000,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,F3NR1R,"Let's just say this game has come a long way, still can't see crap in the dark and would be nice to have a little icon telling me what i had equipped in those buildings at night time so i dont accidently kill my friend thinking my flashlight is in my hand. but hey its not a bad game worth the 20 dollars to buy it"
,Recommended,299740,28940101,Posted: 2 January,all,Roastie my toastie,"This is written for patch 44v.This game so far for me has been amazing, Miscreated: Challenging, fun and punishing.I've died 3-4 times to this review, and i've seen a lot. I met a bunch of friends, which are now even on my steam list and we play it frequently. Its easy to hop on and begin, find food, clothing, and the occasional weapon, the game is filled with nature, squirrels, deers and wolves hunting you. The map is huge, filled with houses and cities, which may have the same inside, yes but i'm quite sure if you go through a street in your area you'll see repeated buildings, towns are scattered across as well as neat hidden places that rare people know about (cul de sac). Its very enjoyable meeting new players and talking to them, helping them out, yes it ain't all fun and games, since this is a suvival game, there is the aspect of players who are ready to just take you out and loot your dead rotting corpse, but i mean, its all part of the experience. Base building is very nice, the devs made it so you don't have interlocking platforms and walls allowing for neat designs which are sometimes quite a pain when building on a hill, i'm guilty of that. But its not just punch a tree and bam you got a house, you need tools, blueprints. You won't find plentiful bases since they are hard to build. This adds to the challenging aspect, you need to survive and build livable shelter which isn't easy. Punishing, this aspect is huge, make one mistake and you're either dead or close to. The game puts your guard down with its quiet nature, until you meet some freaky mutant or some player sneaks up on you. Bam, youre back to the 15 second respawn timer. Where youre dropped back all alone again. With little chance to get your stuff back. But this is all part of this experience known as Miscreated.Personally this game is very enjoyable so far, and i can't wait for the release of more updates, they are frequent enough to fix a lot of stuff and add new items but aren't updates every week. Since the devs wait to pile it all up and release it together than feeding you crumbs.I'd recommend this to any fellow looking for a challenge and hoping to meet some new or nasty people on the way.Good luck to you all and i'll see you in the apocalypse."
76561198043140049,Recommended,299740,28771261,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheJollyDodger,"First couple of hours...-Run around with my flashlight-Find canned tuna-Eat canned tuna-Find baseball bat-Pretend to be Negan-Bash mutants heads in-Try to bash players head in-Player has shotgun-I'm dead.10/10, would eat tuna again."
,Recommended,299740,32912785,Posted: 27 June,all,Pennywise,can't stop playing
,Recommended,299740,33256476,Posted: 4 July,all,Lucy-,Best game ever if u not alone
,Recommended,299740,33326660,Posted: 6 July,all,TwitchEliazN C-137,"very good game,but would ""only"" recommend if you are going to play with friends"
,Recommended,299740,33329692,Posted: 6 July,all,Flash_Fang1245,Game is a little choppy for a little and the AI of the mutants can be used against them easily but it is still a good game over all
76561197999413807,Recommended,299740,33326751,Posted: 6 July,all,NCVinyl,Enjoyable.
76561198356566219,Recommended,299740,33333313,Posted: 6 July,all,DARK_SOULS22,very fun :D
76561198210930345,Recommended,299740,33334266,Posted: 6 July,all,Black Salami,This game is amazing. It has its flaws but the game is just so beautifully made and the players are really friendly. Way better than DayZ.
76561198028408998,Recommended,299740,33341104,Posted: 7 July,all,TWG-Hish [UK],Great game that keeps getting better
76561198035764871,Recommended,299740,33337442,Posted: 7 July,all,The Almighty Cornholio,"My experience with this game so far is mixed. I like the game, but at the same time I do not. I heard the about this game through some friends who warned against purchasing the game. I am however, the type that likes to make my own judgment on games, so I proceeded to purchase the game. The game over all to me had the feel of DayZ, but much more put together and oragnized. My first hour or two went very well, I was finding good loot, slaying some zombies and just over all having a good ol time! Even found a pedal bike to get around. That is until the srever restarted and it completely disappeared and I was back to the running simulator. Everything was great......and then my inventory became full. I told myself it was time to build a base (my experince from most survival games you can build storage to store your belongings) to store my epic loot i was finding....this is where the game took a turn for the worse. It almost completely ruined the game for me, but with the game being in Alpha I am willing to give it more time to see how it progresses. Now I went into this knowing full well it aimed to be more realistc then most survival games, to keep you on edge. However, my actual experience would say yes and no. The game is realistic in the fact when your wondering around you are forced to stay more alert then other survival games, you have to pay attention to the derbi or you can miss really good loot, etc..., but where it fell off from being realistic is how storage, base building, and vehicles work. The issue came with the fact that that your character can only hold 40kg weight limit, close to half of that is already used up with equipped gear, so really useable for me was around 20-25kg. I had the inventory space on my character to store many items thanks to clothing/ backpacks I was finding, but I could never make full use of the intventory space due to the weight limit. To make matters worse you can build small storage chest but is very limited in what you can place in them and only ONE can be built in a base. There are Large chests, but you must first find the guide by randomly looting (I have not found one yet) and even then you are only allowed ONE large chest. Now I understand that this makes you pick and choose what to keep carefully, but the game aims to be realistic. Strictly limiting storage is not realistic imo. In a post-apocalyptic world im sure people would be grabing and hording any supplies they can get ahold of. Now I do not expect there to be unlimited storage, but at least something that gives a resonable amount. Base building can be pain all on its own. The plot sizes are big enough imo, but you have to find perfectly level terrain, I was not able to build on any slopes, and the crafting of base parts can get confusing and can easily become a cluster****. You do not even start off with all the recipes needed to even build the most basic secure base, you must first find one of the three guides by randomly looting (my current base has no roof yet). The weight limit on your toon will limit you to one piece at time for the most parts, which is fine, makes sense. Lastly, vehicles are another beast in their own. You must scavenge all the parts needed: Drive Belt, Spark Plugs, x4 Wheels, Battery, Gas, and Oil. Use them with one of the vehicles laying about that you can and you can drive it around. Alot of people strictly use them for inventory space and enclose them into their bases. On server restarts one of two things happens. Either you loose all gas and oil put into the vehicle (even if it was full before the restart) or the vehicle itself will just disappear all together. I have not messed with vehicles all that much yet, but this has been my experince so far. Also the amount of vehicles allowed on on each server is limit to certain amount. Also another player can easily destory a your vehicle with an assualt rifle and one magazine of ammuntion.Overall, I love the idea Miscreated has and I really want to see this game at its full potential. As I have said earlier, I am not gonna let the few bad experiences ruin this game for me yet. The Game is in Alpha and I do not know what the Devs have in store for the game, but I do hope it involves these issues and any other issues I have yet to run into. I do reccommend this game, because it is still fun to play and is still actively being worked on. I view the bad experinces I have as incompleted parts of the game and im sure one day they will completed. Until then I will lay and wait to see what the future has in store."
76561198354693287,Recommended,299740,33232369,Posted: 4 July,all,Northstarz,"I found the graphics of the game mesmerizing. It gets a bit glitchy in some areas but it doesn't interfere to much with gameplay. If you find the right server (in my case pve) the community is helpful and the player interaction is great, it is still in Alpha stages and the developers work to get content out and fix bugs as well as respond to comments and concerns. Overall it is a game I can see myself playing for many years to come."
,Recommended,299740,32544531,Posted: 18 June,all,CrackinSkulls00™,"Really good graphics, overall good feel, can be spooky at night like almost a horror game with the need of a flashlight, devs work on it frequently, Kind of like Rust legacy but with cars and mutants, pvp is a little arcade like but thats fine, and really fun with friends and once you know what you are doing. I would give it about an 8.5/10. It will most likely improve like it has been."
76561198168631163,Recommended,299740,33220317,Posted: 4 July,all,XsavageX,Such a smooth game for a early access if you was disappointed in dayz 100% get this it's so much better
76561198138138288,Recommended,299740,33222245,Posted: 4 July,all,XSV Sam,"Firstly I'd like to point out ever rarely do i die to something stupid, the game runs smoothly, the world is amazing to look at (Thats with a gtx950), to those that complain about not finding loot your clearly not looking hard enough the loot isnt spawned to be out in the open, its purposely hidden, another would be, being killed to much, maybe its because you play as if its DAYZ or like any other Survival game. Its a great game overall not too buggy except for a certain bike, otherwise 8/10. If your gonna complain atleast have 10 hours of play time you'll see the world for what it is."
76561198048971490,Recommended,299740,28909355,Posted: 1 January,all,Body Without Organs,"This is basically what DayZ should have been.   The gameplay is largely the same, only the developers give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least enough of one to give you a playable game for your money."
,Recommended,299740,28909010,Posted: 1 January,all,ViPeX,"I shot a pig and killed a tank from left 4 dead,this game is kool"
76561198021874328,Recommended,299740,28908689,Posted: 1 January,all,Ghost Dog,"This game was my first experience with the survival genre, and after researching other games like DayZ I decided to purchase this one during a steam sale at half off, but now that i've played it a decent ammount - I would have felt OK had i purchased it at full price because it's a great game.What's to like:-Rich and detailed open world post apocalypse - close enough to present day to be believable, very pretty game.-Dynamic gameplay - you are never sure how others will act and this can present some interesting scenarios-Well balanced loot system - it's hard to find gear which makes it that much more rewarding to get good stuff (and will make you more paranoid to lose it when you've built up a good stash) - this gives the game an urgency for survival.-Combat is an ends to a means and not the only goal - ammo and guns are limited so you have to decide if the random player you see looting a house is worth the battle when you might need that precious ammo to save yourself later.What can be improved:-Some small bugs/glitches here and there - but I've heard the dev team is very responsive to this and the game is still in alpha, i've never gotten to the point where these have detracted from the game in any meaningful way.-more mutants would be nice as a way to get people to work closer togetherOverall summary:If you like to be tested in navigating an open world where danger could lurk in any corner then buy this game. Some of the best gaming experiences I've had where in this game - which is saying alot. The rush of hiding in a pitch black house with only a hatchet to defend yourself, while hoping the 3 guys with guns hunting you down wont find you is hard to match. The night/day cycle in this game is great - you can only see in dark houses with your falshlight - but doing so also gives your position away to others outside - this adds a great danger element to an aspect of the game that could easily turn into a grind without it.Each ""life"" in this game will teach you something in how to survive - don't get discouraged too easily and you will enjoy many hours with this game. Buy it - you'll be glad you did.(disclaimer - if you are looking for a COD style experience with cluttered HUD's and lots of shooting - go play another game, the HUD is minimal and aiming guns only works with iron sights which is a great aspect of this game.)"
,Recommended,299740,33242742,Posted: 4 July,all,Ark3sis,"Miscreated is a very fun game, even with it being in development. They add huge monthly updates to add to the fun aswell. The game seems to always add content, and the only time I get frustrated, is typically when I get killed. The servers too, are what helps the game be great, with a variety of rules that can fit the way you play."
76561198349667632,Recommended,299740,28958164,Posted: 2 January,all,Murker,Best survival game in my opinion
76561198126082577,Recommended,299740,33381684,Posted: 8 July,all,Panzerkampfwagen VI Tiger,"Great surival game, with great potential. I thoroughly enjoy the landscape and postworld aesthetic the game provides without making it a total post apocaylpse wasteland. I cannot wait to see what else it has to offer in future updates. it's good when you're playing alone, and even better when you're playing with friends."
76561198061004113,Recommended,299740,33388857,Posted: 8 July,all,JOGO,"Men i have to say it, this is one good game. I have play many games of survival, and all of them have a different point of view. But Miscreated is like nothing i have play before. The whay of this game and the players interectiong gives you an experience close to an apocalypsis. I am greatful of buying this game."
,Recommended,299740,28951479,Posted: 2 January,all,Snooptheroop,"-Spawn in-Oh boy im so excited to make adventures-Go into a house where a fresh spawn is looting-He says lets fight-I dont know how to fight-Spawn again-Go to a military airfield-I see a police cruiser with two people in it-I hide in a building and stalk them until they leave-I stop hearing their car and continue looting-One guy from the car spots me-I hear a guy in the backround say ""Dont kill him.""-He screams ""BLEED ♥♥♥♥♥""-Spawn again-Find a rifle-Find ammo-On the main road on a bike when I spot the police cruiser-I scream ""Bleed ♥♥♥♥♥!"" and kill them both347329804856348956/10 Would get revenge again"
76561198311431197,Recommended,299740,28807948,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Arzt_Seifenblase,"If you can't afford DayZ, or just want another game like it, then this is it."
,Recommended,299740,29143431,Posted: 9 January,all,SystemAnonymous,"I highly recommend this game. This game is like if Dayz & H1Z1 had a baby.Yes, its still ""Early Access"" but 100% worth it.Updates are well worked. I have not encountered many bugs. Loot is good. Loot system is good. (Never died due to lack of food/Drink)To get the best loot you just need to learn where to look. The best loot is hidden (IN PLAIN SIGHT)I only raided bases. I have not attempted to build one yet. As I would like to build with a group. Most of the time. I'm solo or duo. So no rating on base building***Weather affects are amazing. (Visual and Audio) Tornados. So we drove our vehicle into a tornado to see what would happen. It kicked us out and picked the vehicle up. And threw the vehicle back out about 10 minutes away. Which lucky not much damage was done to it.Thunderstorms look and sound amazing. A great experiance in a game.This game is a work in progress. But It has great potential!!9/10 from me!"
,Recommended,299740,28256567,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Revelator,"Ran around for a few minutes, giant shirtless zombie starts chasing me. I find a baseball bat and take a couple swings. Random guy shows up and shoots it with a shotgun, saves me. Then robs me for my baseball bat, feels bad and comes back and gives me food while explaining why he needs the bat. Something about dreams of being a baseball player. 10/10 would get robbed by next Babe Ruth again."
,Recommended,299740,29913349,Posted: 13 February,all,Dankiel,"Friend wanted me to get this game, sold all my skins that i collected over the year,bought it played for 10 hours, realised that i was playing dayz."
,Recommended,299740,29814628,Posted: 9 February,all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"This and The Forest are on my top 10 favorite games. Survival games and sandbox's have always been my go-to game. Miscreated is a well executed idea, and can resemble DayZ in many ways. ( RIP DayZ ). Not the hardest game in the world, but at times, it is very difficult and there will be very stressful situations. Once you get over the fact that the stuff you find won't last, you won't be hurting much after you die. When I first bought the game, me and some friends spent about two hours fixing up a car and heading to Heyward Valley. We ended up getting blown up by some other players. I did ragequit and ignored the game for a day. I built up the courage to try this game again, and soon found out the fun in it. The map is quite large, and a lot to explore and craft. I decided not to care greatly about my items, and once I died, I would just laugh about it and go on. That's all I really got to say.Pro's:- Decent sized map to explore- Pretty great community- Amazing gameplayCon's:- N/AOverall, I would highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,299740,29815924,Posted: 9 February,all,Sinami,"Game is very clean, very fun, runs really smooth and is much more polished and better graphics than many games in Beta or even release. The devs seem very active and do a lot of updates. They have so many great plans and its fun to ee them implemented a bit at a time. Its so much fun, my clan even rented its own server so feel free to look for teh Official (-AHP-) Server if you come in."
,Recommended,299740,28962606,Posted: 2 January,all,D4VE,"After 11 hours in Miscreated, I got the feeling, that this game has the best potential of being a survival zombie game.There are many things to do, but it's in the early-access alpha, sooo, we cant expect that at the moment. There are cool things to do like base building and other stuff.Pros:+ Nice graphic style+ Fluid gameplay+ Fast looting+ Base building+ Great atmosphere+ Different houses and interior equipmentCons:- Bugs, like dying by climbing a ladder or being touched by a car- Few animations- Few zombies/mutants- Few weapons- Server browsing is slow- No possibility to create an own character- The map could be bigger, but I think they are working on it, because there are many invisible walls and hills without trees- Performance is not optimizedOverall it's a fantastic game for early-access! I hope it will become better and better in future.Buy this game! Otherwise I don't think you'll survive a zombie acopalypse :)Have a great day ^^"
76561198295264968,Recommended,299740,28866684,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dankstez,"From What Ive SEen & Played So Far...THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING... this is my 1st Survival Game of any kind especiaLLY LIKE THIS and i havent even got on BF1 for the Last 3 days LOLOl  i0 Seriously must say the possibolities are Damn-Near Endless, CANNOT Wait for More Development AND  for a Beta, Then The GRAnD FiNaLe..Which i ANd hopefully EVERYONE Else will Will Be waiting EARGERLY FOR A FULL COMPLETE GAME..but So FAR   10/10... keep the fixes, and updates coming... is there ANY KIND of Final Release Date for full game  or even Beta??? HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
76561198052142662,Recommended,299740,28953989,Posted: 2 January,all,Parche,"9/10Let me start by saying that i own several survival games (dayz, h1z1, etc.) and i switched over to this because of the growing community and non-stop updates. The gameplay is, in my opionion, far more engaging. It's pretty well balanced right now and, for what it looks like, things will only improve.Only downside would be base construction (for the people that are into it, not me) but devs said they're working on it, and you know what? they're one of the few game developers that i started to believe in."
76561198344022305,Recommended,299740,28445331,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Berzerk Pepe,"Makes me wonder why i ever played the steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is dayz standalone. EDIT as much as i like this game it needs bigger servers,34 players is too small for such a survival game and it can feel pretty empty at times. cant wait for further updates."
,Recommended,299740,28304882,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,♈ rakPi ♈,"This game is better than H1Z1 and DayZ in many looks.Its Early Access but its awseome.╠► Optimization 10/10║║- I try this game at low pc and it worked very well.║╠► Intel XEON E5450 Quad-Core @3.24 gHz╠► 4GB RAM╠► nVidia GeForce GTX 750 Ti 4GB║║- And the Result is 28-40 fps, and there is no drops.╠► Gameplay 10/10║ - DayZ Devlopers are not happy cuz Miscreated comes out.║ It's like Miscreated take their job in hands and going to make a new DayZ without a stupid   ║bugs.. And they make it very well better than DayZ.║╠► Enjoy the game, and add me if you want to play !"
76561198198670821,Recommended,299740,28260504,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,enjoimenao,"The game itself is quite beautiful. 9 times out of 10 people who run into you wont fire immediately, but they will watch you and if you are acting suspiciously they will kill you. The community is great and so is the game, a few minor bugs but thats all I can complain about. Also loading into a server can be a bit slow or laggy at times."
76561198027252403,Recommended,299740,28931335,Posted: 1 January,all,TruthWillBringFreedom,"Was handcuffed and had 6 guns pointed at me, but then we became friends.  The teamwork and communication was equal to a special forces in the thick of it.  Everyone decked out to the nines with full combat load.  Saw naked man that was handcuffed and helped him out.  He later returned with car and helped us out by killing some mutants. This game has major promise.  From what I saw today, I was almost blown away.  This game can be amazing.  I hope that it just continues to improve and not stall out.Graphics at night are nice.  Day could use some work but major potential.  Overall, I say buy it. I am glad I did."
76561198276289706,Recommended,299740,29130922,Posted: 8 January,all,Netherweed-csgocancer.com,"Oke. After 150 hr play time i think i will tell my oppinion. First things first. I had a lot of fun, i mean a lot. This game is one of the most fun games with friends, when i play one my one its also fun cus u never know what is going to happen. But its a alpha, yea still in alpha, so u cant say the game is done. They just told what we can expect this year of miscreated, and it is looking good. Yea there are some bug(not that many)s, yes they are working one it. They fix things fast btw. The game is a lot of fun, u meet noobs, or have u have a big fight somewere. Or just looting a bit. After 150 hr playtime i think it good for now. I met good people who comes and goes in this game. And now i think its the right time to go for me as well. I thank miscreated for the good times, i thank all the miscreated squads i have had. Thanks to all people who i have had a lot of fun. I hope i will get the same fun in the next game. I dont say i will never play this game, but it is good for me now to move on.Thanks miscreated, u good friend Fat_Badger."
,Recommended,299740,28367179,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jerrymck*MAGA,"Wow. I'm ashamed I waited so long to buy this game. I've kept a close eye on Miscreated for about a year now and never made the purchase until a week ago. Major reason being: DAYZ. Dayz killed it for me. I dropped 35 dollars on dayz in 12/2012 and have logged over 700 hours of gameplay into that game so my review and comparison of these two games should hold some weight on anyone who's on the fence about buying miscreated.First off: I would give this game about 8/10 where I would give dayz a 5/10.Miscreated is everything the dayz devs wanted dayz to be.Let me just get the cons of miscreated out of the way.1 - The map is a little small. They are increasing the size though2 - the graphics are cleaner but they lack the realism dayz had. Especially in terms of vegetation3 - the firefights don't seem or feel as real as dayz's did. IDK if it's because the way the guns shoot or the amount of damage it takes to bring down a player.That's honestly my only problems with this game thus far.  Of course it's in alpha so there are some bugs to work out but that's to be expected and it's nothing even close to the problems with DAYZ.Basically, I've played dayz for almost 4 years and the only changes to the game I've noticed is I don't break my legs when walking on a pair of shoes, there are now barely functioning vehicles, and a little bit more guns.Miscreated is actually fun when looting. The items just aren't on the floor in the middle of a living room. They spawn behind TV's, on top of wardrobe's etc..Character interaction is massively superior to dayz. It's not just the community that's better, but I have noticed people don't just kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you for no reason in miscreated. I've been killed of course, but I understood why I was killed. I'll be honest, in DAYZ, I was a bandit all the time. I wouldn't even consider talking to other players after about 6 months of playing because everyone was so damn back-stabby that you couldn't trust anyone.Another pro of miscreated is the optimization. I don't get very many frame drops or rubber banding or anything of that sort. Even in the biggest cities.I don't remember the name of the biggest city in the game because I have only been once but I was so impressed. The detail they added to buildings blows dayz out of the water. After playing for about an hour I logged off and found myself wanting to call in sick to work the next day to keep playing haha. I still haven't done that yet but It's definitely on my mind.Another perk is VEHICLES. THEY WORK. You won't get your truck stuck on a fence post or any nonsense like that.Also, LOOT RESPAWNS. You don't have to pray for a server restart to refill the loot. It just happens. I don't know when or how but it does.So basically, if you're a dayz guy/gal and tired or bored of the same bs then check out miscreated. You won't be sorry. Plus, from what I hear, the dev's actually care about their customers so hop on the miscreated train and leave those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ careless dayz dev's in the past."
76561198040728191,Recommended,299740,29020760,Posted: 4 January,all,GinG TV,"If a finished version of day z had a baby with an adult version of H1Z1.It's a good time.Overall, interactions go immediately hostile only half as much as dayz. So you can make friendsies and go on beautiful adventures."
76561198081799948,Recommended,299740,28283503,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jerkerb1337,"So I purchased this game during a sale for $9.99. Spawned in and right away magically found my buddy (who also just purchased the game) . Wandered around for a little and eventually came across an airfield with tons of mutants, we both died very sad deaths and respawned at complete different ends of the map. I noticed I spawned by the air field so I raced there to see if I could find my body which had a few cans of food and a drink. Ended up running into two chinese guys (one had a megaphone) they yelled at me, shot me and told me to leave so I left and bled out behind a rock right by the airfield. Respawned and ran into the same chinese guys but they left me alone. Met up with my buddy and headed to the airfield to find some guy who was a new spawn like us and had just purchased the game too. We headed our separate ways. As we were looting we faintly heard an angry chinese guy yelling and lone behold, there he was in all of his glory. The angry chinese guy with the damn megaphone. He took a shot at us and we started running and he was chasing us and yelling at us saying ""HOW ARE YOU"" and some other inaudible noises. scared out of our minds we hid inside the second floor of a hanger and never heard from the angry chinese guy. SO to sum this up, chinese guys yelling at you are pretty terrifying and you should probably avoid that at all costs."
76561198091760485,Recommended,299740,29759250,Posted: 7 February,all,Meerkat,10/10Loaded up the game.Joined a server.Took 15+ minutes to load.HUD appears.I get excited.It goes black.Game crashes.This is a lovely piece of art.Edit:Finally get the game to workSpawn 1:I find a houseGo insideFind a barbed bat on the cofee tableSearch upstairsFind some foodLeaveGo to house across roadFind pantsCan't figure out how to put them onGet shot in the backSpawn 2:Find houseApproach houseFind a guyPut hands upGet shotSpawn 3:Walking down roadFinally get to SultanGo inside Gas StationStart to hear whistlingDismiss it and say its nothingOpen pause menu to find controlsGet melee'd in the backSpawn 4:Start running down roadHear a strange howlingKeep runningOpen pause menuGet maulled by a pack of wolvesThis game deserves an award
,Recommended,299740,28971228,Posted: 3 January,all,Anuuu,"Is it worth buying? I thinking about buying it, but im not sure :/"
76561198228420308,Recommended,299740,33501939,Posted: 13 July,all,Bosko caserandom.com,"Pros: great atmosphere, big cities, good graphics, really fun to play with friends and big map.Cons: bad AI, bad melee combat, no character creation (everybody looks the same).It's in my opinion better than Dayz and cheaper, if you like zombie survival games and zombie movies you will like this game."
76561198018497735,Recommended,299740,33501059,Posted: 13 July,all,Labbidu,I love this game
,Recommended,299740,33491857,Posted: 12 July,all,Gahduvdeth,">Friend and I get to a town and start checking out a gas station>These guys swoop in, all with guns but one guy has a bat>They start checking us out and surrounding us>Judging us to not be of any threat, they turn to leave.... all except the guy with the bat>Batguy swings at me, so I pull out my pickaxe. one blow to the head and he's dead.>The others quickly realize batguy isn't following them so they turn back to the gas station to figure out where he went>They all corner me and my friend since we were standing by their corpse>""did you kill our friend?"">I tell them I didn't mean to, and that it was in self-defense because he attacked me first>""can you get down on your knees? you're making me nervous"">so I flip the question on them and ask if they can put their guns away cuz it's making us nervous>so one guy kicks me in the face>pickaxe to the head, another one bites the dust>igetthefiringsquad.jpgThen I woke up, realized it was all dream, saw this game was for sale and bought it. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198107330034,Recommended,299740,33494085,Posted: 12 July,all,Venom Vivian,"let me tell you a story, those who want this game.(worth the read)ok so i spawned in this big city thing, and i heard these two guys talking on their mic after they killed someoneI accidentally ran into them and was about to run away when there was a gunshot near bythey told me to follow them and i hid with them, and they gave me a baseball batwe ran for our lives for a solid five minutes, and another guy joined usit was super fun, we were running around and collecting stuff for our group, hoping to meet up with another group that a squadmate was inwe fought zombies, but thennightfall came and we tried to get to a vantage point on a hillwe ran into a player base surrounded by wolf zombie dogswe hid below it as we tried to fight the zombies butsomeone we couldn't see sniped one of our teammatesthen, i was next.i didn't know what happened to the other two, but i geniuenly hope they're okay."
,Recommended,299740,28853017,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bagg,"There are a few bugs here and i have been struggling with some fps issues but besides from that it's fun!There are ALOT of friendly people and i've met a bunch of fun people, the game gives me the thrill i seek from games like this. If you like survival games, building bases, driving cars, making friends and killing bandits then go for it!"
,Recommended,299740,33594306,Posted: 16 July,all,Omid,better
76561197993236469,Recommended,299740,33588163,Posted: 16 July,all,Fin9erz,Great Game
,Recommended,299740,33247248,Posted: 4 July,all,ØĜ Đяå¢ø,>journey across the map with 2 friends>meet another group of friends>6 man squad of doom>head to nearby town for loot>madman taxi driver runs all of us over>killed all friends instantly>survive.exe>run to tree and hide>shot in headDo I recommend? All I'll say is don't get attached to your loot.
76561198297773944,Recommended,299740,33603619,Posted: 17 July,all,indicahybrid,it is what it is it has potential lacking instructions also but really this could go very far if its finished correctly and stays true to itself its definitley one to watch but at 10 bucks what do you want
,Recommended,299740,33601987,Posted: 16 July,all,Poetic,just recently bought this game and i keep dying with other players come out of no where. Any PVE group can invite me in their whitelist
76561198152725772,Recommended,299740,28830041,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fake Emperor,I think this game has great potential. One to look out for in the future.
76561197997279234,Recommended,299740,28878578,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ano_the_ninja,"Been looking for a survivor game for a while now.Miscreated""This looks epic""Played on a few different occasionsFirst playthrough I starved to death (No Idea what I was doing)Next playthrough I survive for a while only to get taken out while looking out the window of a house.Still have no idea where that shot could have even come from.Start learning to be smarter about survival.Move slowly.Look for movement.Cautiously look for loot.Finally find survivors that mean no harm.""Good luck...""they say and move on.Realize that human players are hard to find on such a large map.Find decent gear. (9mm handgun 5/10 rounds, fire axe, backpack, digital camo coat, bandana, eyepatch, megalight)Night falls, see chat in the box, but not much going on.Suddenly another survivor's flashlight, I assure him I'm friendlyAnother survivor's flashlight, and then another, and another. I let them know I was friendly and didn't have a mic.To my amazement suddenly there are five survivors in a small area all working together.15 minutes later....We're outside (completely dark, except our flashlights, of which mine is the brightest)One of them sprints towards me, has no weapons or even a back pack, runs two laps in a tight circle around me.I keep my light on him for both laps, he runs back to the rest of the group.We've all seen that guy that just hops around for no reason, so I'm not worried about anything.He does it again... rinse, repeat the last few bullet points.One more time... Only this time (wearing headphones) I hear another set of footsteps closing fast.Turn light in time to see another of the group swinging fire axe at me. It connects, but doesn't immediately kill me.Hotswitch to the 9mm and fire all five rounds into the axeman. (I think... Once I switched inventory I cant see)Pretty sure I bled to death from the axe woundAll I know is that as I emptied the magazine... I diedI hope my empty handgun was worth it F#%&#rs10/10Trust no one EVER!!"
76561198058195174,Recommended,299740,28484120,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ventus713,"Awesome game with a great community, the devs are constantly adding new things to the game. Truely an underrated game, the possibilities for role play are amazing, and while the base building aspect isn't the easiest to get your head around, it is very customisable. Love this game, now just to get my friends to buy it haha."
,Recommended,299740,20518628,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,senraXD,It's like H1Z1 except it doesn't suck
76561198081989790,Recommended,299740,28439322,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,xLOGANo,Amazing game. 10/10 and developers are constantly updating. I cant get enough of this game and its ONLY in pre-alpha. Way better than any other survival game ive ever played by a longshot. Thanks for all the fun and I look forward to the upcoming updates.
76561198054386327,Recommended,299740,33106710,Posted: 1 July,all,ARCH_i_TYPE,Love the game have had so much fun in the 10 hours I've played with friends can't wait to see what the dev build with such an outstanding foundation
76561198214255211,Recommended,299740,33065509,Posted: 30 June,all,jawsiki,good roleplay game
76561198356772179,Recommended,299740,33104561,Posted: 1 July,all,RockHero73,"Its a really great game. What's annoying is when your friends join the server and you wanna meet up with them but its hard to find them..Even with the map in your hands. I'm happy that it is realistic. But they need to make it easy for us to (Stay in Groups or Die Alone). Overall, Amazing Game."
76561198377561424,Recommended,299740,33154324,Posted: 2 July,all,GrimmJow_JaggerJack,"Played 84 hours and still love it, Best survival game ive played to date."
,Recommended,299740,33168407,Posted: 2 July,all,Travo,a nice game
,Recommended,299740,33364609,Posted: 7 July,all,Undead_Kaiju,"Very impressed with this game. I couldn't help myself during the latest sale. I bought a 4 pack for my friends and I. I instantly fell in love with it. I'm playing this game every night almost. Not every player will kill you on sight. I've had a lot of interaction with people where there is a little roleplay. I've robbed people, teamed up, had stand offs, made trades, been backstabbed, and done backstabbing myself. That's what really makes this game for me. I'd be interested in a roleplay server if anyone knows one. Anyway, I bought the game, I love the game, easy learning curve, cool people. Get some friends together and you'll have a blast."
,Recommended,299740,28791369,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Duane,Good game to play with friends.Made friends with some mutants.
76561198086506845,Recommended,299740,28875649,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,JackDavid72,Dayz vs MiscreatedDayz is boring and just dogey.Dayz is very hard to find weapons then very hard to find someone to use them on before you get sniped by a guy on a hillMiscreated only bought it a couple days ago and had around 30 hours playedGuns are not easily found but if you know where to look you can get geared in a short amount of time compared to dayzPVP is great you find people everywhere some friendly and some notThe map may seem small but its the perfect size so you get into lots of pvp while still having alot to explore as it is filled with places to go and loot.The moments that you will face seem scripted and this just gives the game a great feel.Miscreated is one of the greatest survival games ive played as i refunded dayz.
76561198078541478,Recommended,299740,15400962,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Babushka,a
76561198212679967,Recommended,299740,31529844,Posted: 3 May,all,BlAcKwOoDz,"This game is a perfect Survival scenario, I played this game for about 150 hours and now I think I'm worthy of reviewing it, this game delivers an really amazing walking dead survival kind of gameplay and the dev team when really good on developing the game, every month you keep getting new features or fixes for the game and the dev team do really listen to the community. If you're having any second thoughts on getting this game I would say just close your eyes and throw your money at it coz your really gonna enjoy it so much, specially if your playing with friends, if you don't have friends don't worry you can end up making new friends as well but not every survivor is friendly so be ware!"
76561198036306599,Recommended,299740,24703011,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lamar Odom,"This game is what dayz should have been. Still has bugs and loot is relatively scarce but the game iis overall pretty good. That is something coming from me as i Have played almost every survival FPS style game out there, and this one is in my top 3 for sure."
,Recommended,299740,31489770,Posted: 1 May,all,Fonzi TV!,"Love this game, cant wait to play it once its finished."
,Recommended,299740,28981833,Posted: 3 January,all,Chef,"I love this game so much I meet many great people from around the world and create great memories, that have only been topped by the situations in which you need to think to shoot or team up with a random player. The building aspect might not be the best but it does a fine job."
,Recommended,299740,33352818,Posted: 7 July,all,Frootnoot,"Great gameplay, amazing graphics, real apocalyptic scenery, great loot and a nice community. This is what makes Miscreated the best survival game out there. I've already recommended this game to a few of my friends and I recommended it to anybody who likes hardcore survival games. Oh, and btw, 60+ FPS is also amazing."
,Recommended,299740,33355976,Posted: 7 July,all,JJB1981,"I really am enjoying this game so far. It has great survival elemtns. However, I do have an issue with the clan system. I am trying to join one but I haven't found much information on how to do so yet. I will update my review once I have at least 20 hours in."
,Recommended,299740,33356226,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr.Scarycat,"Graphism are beautiful, ambiance too the only thing ruining it is the ♥♥♥♥in commnunity. I spend 1 hour looking for loots, finding nothing but boots and pepsi i come across a baseball bat, then a bow i see a man with nothing i let him go cause im no monster but 20 min later i find a gun to get killed by the same ♥♥♥♥in guy i left alive. Really great gameplay if we forget that"
,Recommended,299740,33353869,Posted: 7 July,all,KO12AK,"At first I'm not convinced to play after seeing menu coz it's lacking options and want to refund. But, when I tried playing on a server, the hour goes by and I forgot what I was thinking.The survival when searching for loot itself that what I think make this game great. As I find myself mostly being shot at from ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere. Every damn time."
,Recommended,299740,33354560,Posted: 7 July,all,Nate,Best zombie survival game out there. Better than h1z1 just survive and from what i have heard and seen it is much better than dayz. The game has a good amount of towns and items already but a part of the map is locked off where new cities are being added. They look pretty finished and may be added soon.
,Recommended,299740,30341301,Posted: 5 March,all,Sashuage,"if dayz and h1z1 had a baby, this wouldn't be it because it's 10x better than both of those games combined."
76561198068981866,Recommended,299740,33506716,Posted: 13 July,all,powerman659,"Amazing game, I would recomend alot"
76561198079889818,Recommended,299740,25499545,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Firemaw77,I like getting killed off spawn
,Recommended,299740,26547750,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,adamflanck,it wont let me play anymore bt it was fun while it lsated
,Recommended,299740,28577235,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BeefWinkletin,So far its not that bad at alll just need some peeps to play wiht :)
,Recommended,299740,28131746,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,dadfist main,"I've played h1z1, DayZ, Nether, Infestation: Survivor Stories, etc. And just like the lot of you, I found it fairly dissapointing. I was so skeptical in getting this game, but I went ahead and got it.I've never been so wrong.The best MMO post apocalyptic ""Zombie"" survival game. You'll never need for loot, yet at that same token you'll still be naturally fighting, sneaking and pushing hard to find better weapons, gear and clothing. Melee combat, be it against the radioactive mutants, wolves or even other players, is nothing to astounding as much as it is Skyrim's ""click to slash"" playstyle.Now games like these, and this one included, showcase the ""BADASS LAND CLAIMING/BUILDING CRAFTING SYSTEM"" and That's NEVER appealed to me in games such as these. So you know what I did? I never tampered with building/crafting. Not even to rip apart a shirt because I was bleeding. And all of that was okay, because the game still treated me right. I've had so much fun just by simply traversing the land in search of better equipment whilst also watching my back for fear of.. everything, really. (Side Note: I've made like 4 friends form this game alone)Miscreated, I rank 50/10 best underrated Survival Open-World MMO Craft/Build/loot game. If DayZ, h1z1, Nether and Infestation: Survivor Stories made you give up on this sort of genre, let Miscreated set you straight. And besides, it's only $20 bucks, so if you hate it just get yourself a refund."
76561197981077599,Recommended,299740,26201860,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ga-JoL^Den Hellige,¨good
76561198249824802,Recommended,299740,26205765,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,KillTheNoise112,This game was good besides getting tricked to find something that wasnt there ahhhh good times.
,Recommended,299740,28396612,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,camiee,I liked this game to start with. Had a good laugh with some randoms ive met then i started bumping into the same type of people found on WarZ/Survivor stories/nether. Shoot on site . Who cares. This is a great game if you dont bump into these trolls. Time to start my own server
,Recommended,299740,28570969,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wadu hek,"TL;DR: me and my friend got chased by a bunch of guys then he died so i rode a bike to find him, then the bike got wet and then he handcuffed me and went 50 shades of black and blue on my♥♥♥♥♥ the end.....Detailed Story Time?(don't bother):so...miscreated...it all started off with me and my friend joining a random german server and finding eachother using a giant water silo, after that we entered a town where we were instantly chased by a random zombie, we ran all the way out of the town till the zombie screamed and ran away, we started to walk back into the town and that was when we saw baseball bat guy...baseball bat guy had heard the screams of the zombie and had decided he wanted to loot our dead bodies, since we weren't dead he thought he could speed up the process and so began to slowly and gently beat my friend over the head with a baseball bat, i chased after him and slammed my fists deep down his throat, he ran away.a few hours later we ran into a group of two friendly gentlemen, who walked up to us and began twerking, so as you do, we started to slash them with some combat knives we stole from a skeleton in a nearby house, one of the two gentlemen proceeded to pull a giant ♥♥♥♥ing baseball bat with a buzzsaw attached to the end out his bag, and beat my friend to death, i ran away managing to escape and found a town closeby after only about 30 minutes of walking around not knowing where the ♥♥♥♥ i was, or where i was going.That was when i found the thing of dreams, no not a car...a bicycle! me and my bike were good friends and i rode him through the countryside, i came upon a small hut and found myself a shotgun with no ammo, after riding for five or so more minutes i found a rifle with five bullets and so decided to abandon my shotgun, 30 or so minutes later i decided i should google a map of the game and proceeded to loot a gas station where i found a nice pistol, i started to ride my bike around the edge of the river and after getting stuck on some rocks it slowly slipped under water, for some reason if you're riding a bike under water you become aquaman and can breath, so for a few seconds i was riding my bike underwater like a submarine, until it stopped completely and i was lobbed off the bike into the air landing on ground and taking no fall damage... R.I.P bicycle.for 15 or so minutes i navigated my way to find my friend who was being a poes and hiding on a roof in a tent, i ran all the way over there and he called down to me, i showed him my sick ermhagerd cat meme T-Shirt and he showed me his♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was a fun time.that was when he told me to hold f2 or f3 and ♥♥♥♥ing handcuffed me... i said to him ""do you have keys for this, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?"" he said ""yes"" ....he never unlocked me and i dc'd from the server.that was when i decided it would be a great idea to leave a review.all in all, great game, buy it if you're into BDSM, it's good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198097986461,Recommended,299740,28572100,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,123,"Good Game, better game when you play with friends, you get a little nervous by yourself."
76561198088004732,Recommended,299740,28130105,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jak,"This game is like a better executed, beautiful bybrid between H1Z1, Rust , and Dayz"
76561198113550732,Recommended,299740,28399176,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sheriff Danzey,AWSOME! > Better than dayz and h1z1.
,Recommended,299740,28598791,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lão Hạc,"This is a good game, but i think there still a lot of things need to be fix in the game. For example: the character creater system, this is a really important in allmost online game nowaday, and it'll be much better if players can create a good-looking female character (hihi :v)And one more thing: there's still some problems with the sevrer system. Sometimes, i can join server but sometimes i cant. When i try to join some server, the loading screen show up, and then, the game get me back to the server brower with no server on the list."
76561198200190711,Recommended,299740,32746985,Posted: 24 June,all,Mike,"One of the best open world survival game i have ever had on my pc apart from h1z1. Not to mention its gorgeous graphics, I recommend this game, yes!"
76561198012623829,Recommended,299740,33449693,Posted: 11 July,all,Raingurr,>Spawn in and wander along main road alone for a long time getting gear>come across race track just off main road>find guy trying to repair bus in woods by race track>decide not to blow his brains out and help him>walk down main road a bit into small town>raid buildings looking for supplies to repair bus>things get really loud>leave supermarket to see what is so loud>tornado is coming right for us>time to get the ♥♥♥♥ outta dodge>run back to bus with supplies>race against time to repair bus before tornado reaches us10/10 would almost get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by mother nature again
76561198093218209,Recommended,299740,33322516,Posted: 6 July,all,Dergho,"The mutants always seem to lag running up, teleport behind me (regardless of my connection) and proceed to club me in the back of the head.Come on guys, this is a survival game, not Dark Souls PVP"
,Recommended,299740,33502360,Posted: 13 July,all,Maus,"Game is great, until you ""fall to death"" from 1 storey on full HP, then run across the entire map to get your loot back, only to be shot and watch yourself bleed to death.This game will make you incredibly angry, BUT IT'S A LOT OF ♥♥♥♥ING FUN KILLING DUDES FOR NO REASON HYUK HYUK HYUK!!!!!1!!1!!"
76561198029842420,Recommended,299740,33619440,Posted: 17 July,all,ipps,"I was an Admin/Map Editor for a custom DayZ Tavianna Server and I have to say Miscreated is an outstanding game compared to DayZ Arma2 by far.  The graphics are amazing even on low settings, I haven't experienced any type of lag at all. For an early access game I only saw one bug, and that wasn't even in game, it was in the favorite servers section.Buy it, it's really fun."
76561198219674319,Recommended,299740,33620007,Posted: 17 July,all,OIWIMPIO,"i swear if one more person kills me for my pants i'll loose my mind. other than that pretty damn fun, just dont trust someone outside of your own friend circle. 8/10"
76561198260993791,Recommended,299740,33575462,Posted: 15 July,all,MWLegacyspec.b,"First i must say for the price of the game you get your money worth. Good all around game, and one of my favorite open world games to play. Very good graphics and a very large map to explore. Pretty dissapointed with the base building as it is kinda pointless to build one, and can be destroyed with ease. Sometimes the mutants bug out when they are attacking you, making it kinda hard to kill them.  Overall this game is worth a try! 7/10"
,Recommended,299740,33495017,Posted: 12 July,all,Newport Cigarettes,"As soon as i spawned in, i went to cross the bridge to Brightmoor and was kosed. Had no gear. 10/10 (its still really fun from what i played)"
,Recommended,299740,28563153,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ᛅᚢᚱᛁᛋᚢᛁᚴᚬ,Absolutely lovely game.
,Recommended,299740,30410390,Posted: 9 March,all,indianstiffler,"This game is still young, lets see how it develops! All depends on the devs."
,Recommended,299740,28857712,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MintyF4ce,"When it comes to Miscreated, it is another Open-World, Survival, Zombie game. It is competing with well known AAA titles like Arma 2: DayZ Mod, Arma 3: Exile Mod & DayZ Standalone. When comparing Miscreated to DayZ Standalone (which has been in Early Access for some years now), I would take Miscreated over DayZ Standalone, as it feels smoother, less-cluncky & the gameplay feels faster.+PROSGood loot/decently fast loot respawnDecent PvPAI is better than in DayZ StandaloneSome fun areas hidden in the mapGreat variety of gunsGood game mechanicsCraftingBase building-CONSServer browser is a bit buggy, as some servers don't show up correctly.(Because I like the game alot, I can't find many cons about this game)Although I don't like the default price of 20€ (~$21; ~£17), I guess the game does deserve that price.If you are a fan of Survival games, you should definitely pick this game up and give it a try. (I'd suggest buying this game while it's on sale, as it only costs 10€ (~$10; ~£8). DEFINITELY worth the sale price.I suggest this game 2 thumbs up!"
76561198276613140,Recommended,299740,25721436,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,甘露Vera,"More than and 10 hours of play, the optimization objective, said the game is fun, because I really love a similar survival game, but there is no good gay friend, built and most survival gameplay similar to search materials, running all over the map. Maybe now the player is not a lot, in the game with very little. The only vehicle is not easy to find, but there is an awkward place that wants to start the vehicle needs a lot of props, spark plugs, gasoline, about 4-5, in order to start the vehicle carrying out, but I think this is very fun. Or the full map is open with a carrier running everywhere. There is a little bit of the map on the animal is relatively small, met once, one is the 5 wolves ah.... There is a point worth mentioning is that the players are more harmonious, the meeting is hello. May be the reason for the relatively small arms it, or to meet the open dry.... Now that's all, follow the play. Support support! Hope that the future of miscreated more and more fire, more and more players, more and more rich content of the game. Give the game a small suggestion, for chinese. After all, the Chinese players are more.... Recommend starting, will not regret."
,Recommended,299740,33591702,Posted: 16 July,all,x4ceofSpades♠,This game is beautiful. It is what Dayz should be. Its in Early Access but is very much a whole game. Most of the complaints are garbage casuals who find hardcore survival games like this too dificult or are some soft b*tch who played for 30 min expected instant gratification then requested a refund. THIS GAME IS WONDERFUL and more people should play it
,Recommended,299740,33617153,Posted: 17 July,all,MaleficentMe,"Good game, Fun but could be better it is in beta so some things I think should change that make sense, 1. hammers should be able to destroy bases i couldnt break out of a base that was built to make people trapped in 2. If there is a door on the base if you some how get inside i think you should be able to open it from the inside. 3. Melee is kinda clunky and could use some work, 4. its hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥to find stuff which is some what fun but makes it hard when someone has been playing for a long time and has a bunch of loot and just patrols cities and building killing everyone. The searching couch and boxs option is pretty cool, but You rarely find anything all around good game but could use some improvements keep up the good work and hope to see a lot come out of this game."
,Not Recommended,299740,22629270,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ohjayway,"@ £14.99 ? something more exciting ? go to pub , have 2-3 pints of nice cold lager / buy cheap curry / walk home ....a lot more rewarding . and you might even cop-off with a cute bird  at the Pub.....  if you get a taxi home though , watch out for it randomly slewing to the left and blowing up  lol   games hotfixes are worse than ever , and god only knows what the devs do to test them , if at all ........In the UK a product you purchase should be ""fit for purpose"" i.e   be used as it is intended , so any aplha / beta / Ea  fanboy comments i have to laugh at !!parch  # 52EAC signing errorTIME TO DELETE buggy game ............."
,Recommended,299740,30327209,Posted: 4 March,all,La Muerte,Amazing game! Great graphics and awesome PVP experience. Really does get your adrenaline going and the developers are amazing and listen to the player. Definitely recommend everyone to snatch this game up!
,Recommended,299740,32519986,Posted: 17 June,all,dirty boy,very yes 10/10 would recom
76561198009964499,Recommended,299740,33248630,Posted: 4 July,all,BiggieD_80,"I absolutely love this game. Survival games are my type of genre, so this fits everything I could possibly want.The Good - The atmosphere is amazing, Graphics are quite beautiful. Night, day, rain, sun etc are used exceptionally well.The Bad - It can be a lonely island, however that's not a bad thing bcos it always keeps you in suspense and on your toes."
,Recommended,299740,33618845,Posted: 17 July,all,Night Hawk,"please change it so a body cannot despawn while you are looting it. I gave a corpse some of my really good stuff to rearrange to make space for his stuff too, then while im swapping our stuff the body just despawns and i loose practically everything. please make bodys last longer and dont let them despawn while they are being looted."
,Recommended,299740,33238820,Posted: 4 July,all,Coochie~Coochie,"The games have update and patch so it good then before , so i bought it and playing with my friend but have still have bugs and now it have hacker . The game is fun and hardcore and kinda anoying with some rules of the game .Graphics : 8/10Game Optimize : 9/10Community : 7/10 kinda friendly but not the hacker so with hacker 4.5/10Devs and mod : 1/10 :) When i report a bugs and the hacker they not replies me but when i ask who respond and dont know they care about the player . They pissoff *some 4-5 admin or devs *i really dont know because i dont know who really made the games* is bully me in the chat channel where i report a bugs and hacker , they just told me i need the proof and tell the full story to them after awhile arguing with me *when i report the first time i send them 4 screenshot and tell them a full story but they didnt notice that , they just notice that i said they not respond to the report channel and it just there for fun* ah who i am kidding they are mod they are devs they said what they want .If the devs not like that then it will be the mod was hire for the jobs , so DEVS u should be replace those guys ^^ !! And if THAT U GUYS WHO BULLY then u guys should be out of the games industry , we bought ur games with the real money so atleast we can complain and report the bugs or the hacker and question u guys if that u guys even care about the COMMUNITY the PLAYER .I , myself like the games it fun , hilarious but please if u want us to respect you guys then respect the COMMUNITY and the PLAYER back . It's two waysSo i recommend this games because the graphics , gameplay and community kinda okay *without those hacker of course*And not recommend if u want the devs or the mod to be nice and help u out with bug and again the hacker problem ! Then i would be laugh at ur face :)) because my experience with them is not good at all !"
,Recommended,299740,24574783,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,⚛ Bim Bam,ok what are these creatures mutants zobies idfk
76561198041266455,Recommended,299740,32831790,Posted: 26 June,all,Bertesacker,"80 hours played now, and I would say 60 of them on one particular server.I have found a Role playing server with active admins and rules of engagement which add an interesting dynamic to the game.The game it's self is balanced I feel, you will read loads about game breaking glitches and awful bugs - it's at alpha stage, and it's a survival game - dying means dead. You will lose your gear, and you will have to start over...It's not that hard to recoup some good stuff. You just have to know the map.This isn't a game for casual zombie bashing - it's a hardcore survival game and it's getting more hardcore with every update."
,Recommended,299740,32822808,Posted: 26 June,all,Zkiller55645,"Ignore all the negative comments that flat out tell you that they constantly die or can't find loot. That is the name of the game. Every survival game out there expects you to die and work for your loot. That being said, all and all this is one of the bestt, if not the best, zombie survival game out there. It is similar to the way DayZ is played, except unlike DayZ this game is actually playable. It is an extremely fun multiplayer experience with lots of opprotunity to become even better. My only complaint would be the fact the the amount of mutant creatures on the map is lacking. It feels quite empty, especially when you enter a large town or city and find only one or two mutants roaming around. All in all the games graphics are some of the best I have seen in a zombie apocolypse game and this game is definitely worth a try."
76561198204100049,Recommended,299740,32825221,Posted: 26 June,all,Ghost,It's the best survival game out there really loving it .
,Recommended,299740,32832270,Posted: 26 June,all,(Star),Wish that i could play it more but have a potato computer right now XD
,Recommended,299740,32841592,Posted: 26 June,all,Doggy Dog,10/10 ign would play again
76561198111795488,Recommended,299740,32821519,Posted: 26 June,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),okay since 2014 i have loved this game still do havent enjoyed a survival game in ages id say get it on sale...even better building is easy keep in mind early access games so take a grain and hope for the best aha xD all in all fun
,Recommended,299740,32827257,Posted: 26 June,all,Gonzo Gondwana,"Miscreated is very much in the DAYZ vein, but it is a thousand times less buggy and gets regular updates, great visuals but be warned it needs a decent pc to run it as it is made with cryengine,"
76561198127008317,Recommended,299740,32830829,Posted: 26 June,all,Neon,pretty scary and hard but it is also fun i would recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,299740,26117296,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DAFRFGER4,"Personally i think it's good game and better than DayZ it has building feature that DayZ does not have and it has decent graphics with not many bugs. i like it, We like it! :)"
76561198336607780,Recommended,299740,26130235,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MOMOTO,This is really a cool game.but Is it about early access? Why i discconected from the server? it's about my ping?i really worry about this so much i pay money for this game but i can't play.
76561198207862040,Recommended,299740,29199571,Posted: 12 January,all,七七,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικαSo good a game you still not out of other languages??????? Especially Chinese!!!!!!
,Recommended,299740,32024624,Posted: 28 May,all,an toothbrush,"Super fun game, but can be a grind (especially when you aren't that good at surviving that long).  Better with friends, but I've only played with one other person and that's still pretty challenging.  I've only built one time and it was confusing and seemed unecessarily tedious.  The crafting is tough, only because you have to randomly come across specific components in the world.  It's not like the typical, ""chop a tree, hit a rock"" type of crafting.  If you're up for a challenge, get this game.  I hope it eventually becomes more popular than DayZ.  Thanks."
,Recommended,299740,25632773,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Descimator933,"So it took a little to get into this game, but once my friend and I got in to the PVP scene my experience improved vastly. Still needs much improvment, but fun game would recommend!"
,Recommended,299740,26149171,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[NWA] Chance,spikey arm boy horde11/10
,Recommended,299740,27950998,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stax,Great
,Recommended,299740,28313958,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dr. Mussman,"The first open world survival game to grip me and keep me coming back. Graphics are amazing (especially at night with the flashlight), and the world that's been built really does feel alive. I foresee playing this game for a long time."
,Recommended,299740,31228596,Posted: 18 April,all,Jay,"Great game, useful to play in teams"
76561198155639236,Recommended,299740,26123864,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Debacle,"it is I...Debacle. For 19.8 long hours I have traveled across this desolate land. Only to be betrayed, slayed, and left wanted. Miscreated is one of those games that you give in, but does not give back lightly. Highly recommended for the faint of heart with a wild ride in mind. Gear up, scope out, or be scoped."
76561198168576902,Recommended,299740,27936939,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Garthosaurus-Rex,"i love this game but it need better graphics options and driver support... every time i play it crashes a driver so i have to restart my pc... i have a gtx 660, so i dont know why that would happen?"
,Recommended,299740,27972811,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Law,This game is as entertaining and rich as any alpha I've ever played. I've tested out as many games in this genre as I could and I was disheartened to see that games like DayZ and WarZ (Infestation) completely let their communities down. Miscreated aims to create an experience that combines the zombie survival aspects of DayZ and the raw building thrills of Rust into one game. I hope the developers remain consistent and enthusiastic about bringing this game to a final stable build with plenty of awesome content. This game is definitely worth a try for anyone who wants to reinvigorate their hope in a title that actually delivers.javascript:void(0)
76561198053507768,Recommended,299740,28462884,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,otacon2940,Good game so far. The lack of in game music really sets a scary/intense vibe. Especially when you're standing outside a gas station and hear random footsteps and have around 5 bullets.10/10 Would give up gear to a KOS again.
76561198208812784,Recommended,299740,28470833,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FallenNB3,Higly recomended!!! This game will not disapoint you in any way! 10/10
76561198071821092,Recommended,299740,28471016,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Phobos,ok
,Recommended,299740,28696724,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,R3DCLAW,This game is just beautiful... It actually feels like you are living the apocalypse
,Recommended,299740,28697135,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Polar,cinematic as♥♥♥♥♥♥ fun as hell.would reccomend to anybody
,Recommended,299740,29585252,Posted: 30 January,all,Nanoです(一日一善),"Spent 2 hours for seaching the car's parts , after 15min of driving then roll over with explosion, 10 min of sad then start agian to seach the parts,1 min later die by falling from ladder bug and the Alt+F4 works fine.11/10"
,Recommended,299740,27193507,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,t0rmu,10/10
,Recommended,299740,27196928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-Richy,perfect game
,Recommended,299740,27995193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cipher,Can't load due to anti-cheat module failure.Strike one.
76561198058401744,Recommended,299740,28085767,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hector Santiago,good
76561198118882613,Recommended,299740,28230356,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,AlmostAwkward21,"Okay, so I'm only three hours in but I have met some of the coolest dudes on this game. One of which added me as a friend.  Of course, I'm playing on a PVE with no killing. But, hey. These guys seem like they wouldn't have killed me anyways.The world is open, and fairly empty. I like it because any item you find is automatically gratifying. But, with how open the world is, it can feel really lonely. The atmosphere is damn near perfect.Ran into three guys walking to sultan. I was starving so I asked if I could have some food. For some reason, I had collected two pistols, a rifle, and a shotgun and had ammo for all of them. However, I could not find a single crumb of food. This guy didn't ask for anything he just handed me some beef. I left one of my pistols for him and a magazine. I love it so far. It beats the hell out of DayZ, in my opinion."
,Recommended,299740,28232527,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HELLSLOSTSOUL,Amazing...just amazing.  10/10
,Recommended,299740,28273066,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jecerem,"This game just looks amazing to me. I don't know what it is that gives it such a realistic feeling but it does and it made us just want to run/drive/swim around to explore or just sit somewhere and watch it get night. Sometimes forgot there were mutants in the game, untill we needed things or heard weird noises. I can talk about the things not right/ready yet, but none of them actually bothered me that much. I've seen full games way worse. The details they added to the game I really loved. The cities all look different and the way they have been left looks very real as well. The fact that some loot almost blends in with the environment is nice. The river and the sea with sound, the rain on the road, the sand that gets muddy. The thunder sounds with wolves in the background. The rising sun. Footsteps on the beach. The fact that I was alone and scared in the woods and heard noises and it was a little squirrel. A deer appearing on the road. Rats and flies near garbage piles. If you like this kind of detail, you will love this game."
,Recommended,299740,28282439,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Valkol,"9/10A very immersive, hardcore survival. Runs great- gunplay is near to perfect. GORGEOUS enviroment thanks to the Cryengine. You have Zombies in this one too (unlike other games h1z1 dayz arma3) and a special Hulk zombie, roaming wolves and of course other survivors!That being said it IS in alpha and there are alot of bugs, building is pretty basic but you can do alot.All in all i cant wait to see new content releases... maybe more maps? bigger servers? (can only hold 36 right now)"
,Recommended,299740,28461090,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Locutus,"Fixed a car, ran a guy over, drove off a ramp, blew up my car, fought two guys and killed both of them, then walked to hayward.On my way back to Brightmoor I got ran over by another person in a car. The circle of life.GOTY 10/10"
,Recommended,299740,28463389,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SideStepGaming,I haven't played any games like this before but this was one of the games I was debating getting out of quite a few and I finally decided on this one. I like this game a lot and would recommend this game to anyone and everyone!!
76561198051558253,Recommended,299740,28701257,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DeathRaptor007,Fun to play with friends.It gets intense.  Every sound puts you on edge
76561198254180834,Recommended,299740,28702491,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Magicman V,"Let me start by saying, this game was recommended by my friends, so I figured, why the hell not.At first, when I started playing, I didn't realize how fast you have to forage for supplies, so I ran from door to door trying to find food, weapons, and anything that wasn't nailed down on the floor. This is when I realized that I needed more space for items. Now, at the time I didn't know that certain clothing and bags can outrank the others. After my friends told me about this, I started searching for suitable clothing in hopes to survive better. I did, along with my friends. There was 5 of us in total. We figured, with a big team like this, what could possibly go wrong?Well....Everything.A person showed up, not a gang, not a couple of people. Just. One. Person. He also had a gun with him so it was pretty tense. But I figured, 5v1, we'll be fine. Keep in mind this was my first interaction with a stranger, so I had not a clue on how he'd react. I walked up to him...Yeah, he drew the gun pretty damn fast. It was a .22 luger, I think. Not much, but still a gun nonetheless. So, I started running for cover, and my friends started wondering why I was freaking out (they heard the shots but didn't know who shot them). I started running, more gunfire was happening from all around, atleast that was what it felt like. I still had the thought we would be fine because we had more gunfire on our side. But, all of that changed fast when one of my friends started to flip at the sound of lots of gunfire, and people all around him (the people was me and my friends). He started opening fire at all of us, killed us all, one by one, completely missing the actual baddie, then ended up gettign killed himself. We lost everything, since I finally realized permadeath wasn't to be taken lightly in this gameAnd that, was my first experience. Full of regrets, mistakes, and fear. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,299740,28712467,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Savage,"I'll give some tips to the developers, I know the game is in early access and such but they are only tips: (sorry if English is bad I used google translator and I'm Brazilian)1- The game could have a battleroyal for the players who already got sick of survival.2- The game could have more loots.3- The game could have modified servers.4 - the monsters could be a little weaker because those who do not have a gun can not kill.5- The game could be a bit lighter because I have a good pc and I play 30 (or less) of fps.6- The game could have server Br's among other countries :)7- The loot could be individual clear without being the Cars.I gave tips of an inexperienced player of the game because I have less than 2 hours."
,Recommended,299740,29036603,Posted: 5 January,all,SmokieOneKinobe,"TL:DR - Buy the game it's worth it.I purchased the 4 pack on sale for $30 and over the last 48 hours myself and 3 friends have logged over 10 in the world of Miscreated. So far this is hands down,  the best early access game I've ever played. I spent some time with Rust, H1Z1, and DayZ, they don't hold a candle to Miscreated. If you're on the fence about buying  this game here's what you need to know.If you plan on playing alone, move along, nothing for you here. While you can get by, by yourself the game loses a lot of its entertainment value when you're running solo. Also, if you're running solo you will inevitably be ganked and robbed blind by a group.The reviewers complaining about storage space don't understand how a good survival game should work and feel and need to go back to minecraft or whatever other casual game they came from. The moments where you're about to die of thirst or hunger because you decided to drop that food to grab the bullets add to the suspense, and when you do find that can of tuna or bottle of water and realize you're not going to die and lose all your gear it's a great feeling.The reviewers complaining about people KOSing (killing on sight) don't seem to understand how open world pvp enabled mmorpg's work. For you division players this game is like one big dark zone. I'm all for ask questions first then shoot if the situation allows it, but this is a post apocalyptic world and everyone is a little twitchy.  When another player turns a corner with a gun drawn there's no time to ask ""are you a friendly?"" and I'm not risking giving you my supplies on the off chance that you might not kill me. PVE is a side note in this game at the moment , but even if it wasn't PVP would still be dominant in this game because if you're starving and someone looks like they have food you WILL kill for it.Overall this game is great for what it is, an early access game. It has its glitches and frustrating quirks and it still needs some work on the PVE side but I intend to continue to play it relentlessly"
,Recommended,299740,29621879,Posted: 31 January,all,Klutch_Needle97,"I Just got this game yesterday morning I believe, and I have to say that I've been enjoying every last mintue of it. I never played a Survival MMO game in general, but this game right here is very unique. The only thing this need now is- Crawling/Laying down- Fix the Servers so it can remember not to screw up your inventory when you leave and return to the same server or a different one.- Form a pact with people so you can really know whos with you and whos not?- Optimization- Interaction with some Objects like go out Windows and such."
76561198126410129,Recommended,299740,29679482,Posted: 3 February,all,Autonimus,"It's fun. It's more fun than I had in dayZzzz because things work more than they did in dayZ. ARK: SE is very fun as well, but I couldn't say which I enjoy more. Only problem I  have and my buddy mentioned while we were playing, there is no classes or any viable reason for any players to team up other than to slaughter everyone else and steal their goods. This is a problem in survival / crafting games. If every player is the same, why would anyone ever work together?So with this problem even on no KOS servers, there is rampant KOS. Of all things if you hear a vehicle coming, in my experiences YOU BETTER RUN AWAY FAST because that car is loaded with KOS criminal bandits. If you have a vehicle you will be shot at by everyone or chased for it. You can have a pedal bicycle and you will be shot at from all angles.If you enjoy PVP this is the game for you, but you better have friends to play with. I went to the airport and was literally chased by the entire player base in that area. 5 people chased me. People coming out of the trees not even with those people started to chase me. ME. I had nothing worth chasing and murdering me for.Not complaining as I know what these games are about, but for the new player interested in this game or survival / crafting games... be warned. Everyone will murder you for the sandals and your feet.For an older game the graphics are still good. It's Early Access for who knows how much longer, if not forever. Community in game can be cool, but the majority will mash you out. Items are pretty cool and work for the most part. Weapons are fun and there is even legendary items as I got a bard wire baseball bat that had a name and had an orange background (like legendary items in other games).I recommend the game to fans of the genre."
76561198115053622,Recommended,299740,29681710,Posted: 3 February,all,Azov1488,This game is good. I wish it was a bit easier to find ammo.
76561198136594398,Recommended,299740,29689902,Posted: 4 February,all,Sizzle_,nice game worth playing for sure
76561198247772784,Recommended,299740,30005246,Posted: 18 February,all,Fireninja326,"I have played this game a little, but is a great game. The survival aspects of miscreated are amazing, with food and hunger. There is crafting, but it is a bit old style. This game is great when you play with other people, but can still be played solo. Compared to other survival games, like rust, the community is not so hostile towards new spawns, so it is easy to get started.great game-9/10"
76561198329140516,Recommended,299740,30070640,Posted: 20 February,all,JTViper1991,"This is the best early-access game that I have ever played... Bar none.The premise of the game, though not exactly groundbreaking (though what is, nowadays?) is solid. You're on a very sizeable island where you work to survive a world full of natural predators and grotesque, mutated humans. You can build bases, salvage cars, trucks, ATVs and even boats, form clans, build explosives and weapon modifications and so much more.The development team is constantly releasing new updates to fix issues or enhance gameplay, and they're quick to respond on forums or via the team members' Twitter accounts.My friends and I LOVE hanging out and building-up our base, experimenting with different proportions and trying to construct the base with the best mix of storage space, accessibility, and defensive potential."
,Recommended,299740,30211354,Posted: 26 February,all,dread01,"Best survival i've played. if you are into H1Z1 just survive, conan.. but you like guns. This ia good mix of build, survive, and pvp. Would like to see bigger servers but that will come in time! Worth the money definitely."
,Recommended,299740,30216374,Posted: 27 February,all,LIVE - aviramwolf22/twitch.tv,Amazing game. Graphics is level up to EarlyA game.Not fun alone but great game..
76561198271919668,Recommended,299740,30439661,Posted: 10 March,all,Cheese Behind My Ears,"Really fun game, fun to explore map, pvp and rp servers. Tornados, animals, base building, and lots of weapons"
,Recommended,299740,30461702,Posted: 11 March,all,ClassyKye,"You will NOT like this game at first, I did not like the game at frist but I stuck with it and here I am 100 hours later still enjoying the game. Yes the game does get old, you virtually do the same thing over and over again.-Spawn-Get decent loot-Make your way to the city-Get good loot-PvP-Die-RepeatAtleast thats how it is for me. The PvP is pretty good, my heart gets racing every time I get into a gun fight.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens out of no where sometimes and gets intense. However I dont know if its either the weapons are too weak or our people have too much health, but I have used the AT 12 shotgun multiple times and from 4 feet away always have to shoot someone 3 times or more to kill them, Devs PLEASE FIX THAT. Aiming down your site with the shotgun seems to help a bit but then you get guns like the Wasteland which are just a waste of space and only do like 10-15 damage. Moving on, loot is DECENT in this game, alot of the time you will either just find ammo or just the gun, if you are lucky you will find them together. When you are searching, search thoroughly as weapons and other loot tend to spawn inside dressers and on top of them and even behind couches which you will easily over look. This game is constaly being updated which is good and is alot of fun to play by yourself just difficult.Pros:-Fun Combat-Decend amount of loot-Good Map-Vehicles-50 players to a game-Good price!!!!!!!! $$$$$$$-Replayability- Community Toxicity is 50/50 half good people half toxicCons:-♥♥♥♥♥♥ Respawn locations 80% of the time-Weak Guns/Too much character health-Karma will ALWAYS get you back (trust me)If you are a fan of PvPing Survival Games this is the perfect game for you, this game isnt perfect but its constantly being updated and shows no signs of being abandoned anytime soon."
76561198175553178,Recommended,299740,25597822,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,LEROY,How to start?For one.Great game. The fact that its h1 and dayz is awesome.The fact that there are a large number of vehicles to use is awesome.The number of weapons.The very customizable base building.atmosphere and looks are great.This is definitely a game to play.it sucks that h1 and dayz managed to put it under a bench but oh well its coming alive.Some things to consider.a compass would be awesome pleasemaybe a few more zombies in urban areasadd some unique melee weapons. a sword or something.water wells on farms to refill bottles and canteenscraftable bows and arrowscraftable vehicle(s)?bullet conversion please. as long as you have a reload bench. it takes forever to find 5 rounds of .308should be able to do things when running like turn on or off the flashlight. thats all i have for recommendations right now. besides a map twice the size. or 4 times the size :)
,Recommended,299740,27985210,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TNoodle,The night at this game is fantastic. All survival games should learn from this (cough h1z1 cough). The night should basically require you to use your flashlight and risk being seen by someone. Not just a novelty item.
76561198000385805,Recommended,299740,28328255,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Vansterhant,"Miscreated's environment brings a nostalgic feeling from ""The Last of Us"" since the map design e.g houses, vegetation, & landscapes reminds me of it, also this game has a potential to be an open world TLOU if the devs decide to focus on single player survival game.To be honest, the only thing that's holding this game back was the lack of budget and lack of dev team, trust me if this game gets a bigger team and budget it's gonna blow Dayz & H1Z1 out of the water.Pros-VistasThis game's concept of environment is 10/10, if you liked country side or vegetation this game is for you.-OptimizationOptimization is better than dayz and h1z1.-Animation/CombatIt's smoother than dayz and h1z1 though it's still missing some animations like the bike animation.-TexturesWeapons, clothes, helmets, houses, landscape, ground & etc. 3D models are very polished despite it being early access.-GraphicsNow this is the real deal, it has the best graphics quality from other survombie games.-AtmosphericThe atmosphere in this game brings a life like feel while playing, come to think of it why haven't they putAtmosphericin tags already?-StealthDoesn't work on NPC's though but 100% sure works with players if you're smartCons:-PvEPvE is meh in this game, hope they change that. Wild life also consist of small variety e.g. Mutant hybrid twin headed coyote & wolf, Mutant twin headed dog, snake, deer, rats, bird, chicken, pig & squirrels.-Walking simI'm not gonna lie, it's a walking sim since enemies are seldom to come by but it's sure damn the best walking sim i've played since it's filled with thrill, beautiful scenery and discovery.-Player BaseFor me this is the biggest impact overall, each private server can only hold up to 36 players now that's the definition of boring but i'm pretty sure if the devs added more stuff in the future it'll be less boring.-ContentAs of now the game feels empty since in my observation, the devs focused first in envorinomental design but the design is no joke it's top notch and very polished that it had captured the county vibe.40 Hour review:""If The Last Of Us would have an open world successor this would be it""Graphics and gameplay just have an AAA quality potential if devs decided to polish the game ever more. As i previously said everything of it reminds me of TLOU specially Hayward downtown & the use of vegetation e.g. vines/leaves on house, lushes, & etc. though the game needs some adjustment in PvP because as of now big groups are taking over each server and just KOSing everyone they see. The one who suffers are the lone wolves & fresh spawns, now imagine those hours of searching and you finally got a gun with 1 ammo then you just end up getting shot by 3 people but fear not this game is lone wolf friendly during night time because you can take advantage of dark blind spots but of course patience and strategy is a must have on approach both day & night time. Additionally the atmosphere in this game is absoloutely stunning, oh?! I said that already but anways theNight(pitch black shadows in some areas),Fog(absoloutely fog that thickenn overtime), &Rain(wind changing the direction of rain). So yeah.. if you can deal withBugs/Glitches(which is close to non existent),Character/Server wipe,Lack of mobs/PvE,Incomplete content(aside from exploring, surviving, looting & PvPing),Big groups KOSing players, &Early Access statusthen I absoutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,299740,29199880,Posted: 12 January,all,Puttsola,"Awesome game! Decent game engine, great graphics and intense fighting matches"
76561198005542136,Recommended,299740,30442803,Posted: 11 March,all,Gravybones,"amazing game, especially if you play with friends etc. yeah base building aint all that but the amount of fun you can have in this game is welll worth the money"
76561197975926610,Recommended,299740,25530921,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,½Baked,"Run around, get shot, respawn, run around, get shot :). Hmm what to say, this game needs a lot more work and hopefully it improves. The openess of it is great but needs more depth adding to encourage you more."
76561198282753185,Recommended,299740,29168376,Posted: 10 January,all,Windows Explorer,Miscreated the game where you can do anything you have ever imagined!-You can rob people for their pants-Get a floor to eat your pants (not kidding)-Meet random british dudes and go on a ravioli expeditionIf you want a game that knocks your pants off and eats them you've found what you've been looking for.
76561198356403920,Recommended,299740,29284352,Posted: 15 January,all,mossygamez7129,"This game was everything i wanted dayz to be, big open world, lots of guns, attachments, wildlife sounds, wind, storms, and even tornadoes. It has military gear all kinds of items, love how you find clips and have to manually reload, night time is perfect and the game runs good on medium settings with my 750ti card. I could barly run dayz on this pc and the graphics had to be on low so it looked horrible, this game is pretty much what ive been looking for in a survival game and i would highly recoomend."
,Recommended,299740,29428885,Posted: 22 January,all,vladimir putinside me,"Spent five hours collecting supplies, getting ammo, getting guns, and exploring downtown, only to be run over by a man in a yellow car. 10/10 would cry again."
76561198352566960,Recommended,299740,30013838,Posted: 18 February,all,rdj1094,Great Game! Lots of potential and is hands down better than H1Z1. I would definetly reccomend you buy this game.
76561198213558535,Recommended,299740,29984465,Posted: 17 February,all,emotionely crippled,When i first saw this game i was amazed and bought it. I aloways loved survival game's. But this stand out.It looks so beutiful compared too dayZ...... And what i like the most is that the developer care about their game and followers (gamers)...
,Recommended,299740,30064471,Posted: 20 February,all,HEAVY [☂],"It's the first early access survival game that gets a constant 60+ fps on max settings (running on a gtx970)It has great visuals and a great atmosphere, together with the game running smoothly it brings an enjoyable experience."
76561198226847628,Recommended,299740,31085949,Posted: 11 April,all,C4LocGaming,"I love this game i am so addicted i love looting and the pvp is the best (patience is key) i do recommend this game for people that like loot/survival/pvp based games. i just dont like how the game is losing people and its all because of the floating bases that most people like to camp in which makes it hard to raid or just find people while looting. i still love the game and will never stop playing it, im not even sick of the game yet."
76561198128789376,Recommended,299740,32030898,Posted: 28 May,all,SPODO,Very good game for an alpha. The comunity will kill you the moment they see you just keep that in mind.It would be nice if it had more loot.The graphics are very good .The gun gameplay can be worked on a little more but over all and game worth buying especialy on sales i reccomend it 9/10!
,Recommended,299740,27951368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LiamR ( UK212 ),Such an amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,299740,29682762,Posted: 3 February,all,BiggestBanana,"I have no problems, I just wish mutants would spawn more often...great game (:"
,Recommended,299740,29766020,Posted: 7 February,all,ѕιтα,"Great game, some of the other players are asses, specially when you are trying to be friendly. But that's with every mass multiplayer online game. But this game is wonderful. I bought my boyfriend and myself a copy and we play it all the time."
,Recommended,299740,30440995,Posted: 10 March,all,✪ apple,"This game is great, it is just like DayZ with mutants and a smaller map. I think it is an amazing game I understand it's genre has been replicated many times and is one of the highest types of genre. I like how it is developed and I think it has great potential as it is still in early acces. I love the feeling of being on edge 24/7 and the fact that the game has random noises every now and then that will make me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. Anyway if you are debating on getting this game I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,299740,29183009,Posted: 11 January,all,Homeless Chef,Its kinda like DayZ but updated and better controls.
76561198172022538,Recommended,299740,30216761,Posted: 27 February,all,Did it actually dead?,"So i decided i'd give this a review after 100 hours, figured i'd have played enough by then to know what i'm talking about. First things first, this is one hell of a game, sure there are alot of other survivor games out there but Miscreated just has it's own kind of magic and i can't quite put my finger on it.It could be the player base, whether it's someone who's ""friendly"" or just plan outright shoot to kill, the populated servers definitely add a hell of a thrill when searching towns for loot. Or the less populated servers where you just cruise around and it's nothing but you and the mutants, and the occasional brute which by god they strike fear into you.The base building is great, sure some people have taken advantage of it, and by having to find different plans to build better things it just makes looting towns all the more worth it while on constant lookout for other survivors.Visually it looks great, and the sounds are great. Whether it's the howling of wolves nearby, the sound of flies as you stroll past garbage, or even the sound of the river and rain.The devs have done a great job so far and the constant updates and patches just keep on coming. I definitely reccomend this game if you're into the lone survivor theme or just want to find a couple of people to run amuck with. 10/10."
,Recommended,299740,30449929,Posted: 11 March,all,Hot'NReady,"I've played this game for about 6 hours now, and its been a blast. I found it so much better than DayZ Standalone (played at my friends house a couple years ago, but I've heard its gotten worse). I haven't experienced any glitches or anything of that sort. I like how the devs keep updating the game often and don't care only about money or sales. Best thing I've done in this game is spawn behind a guy in a house and nearly blasted his head with a shotgun (I found it before I rejoined the server), just to find out 2 minutes later he and 2 other people fell of a roof and died. 10/10 would roof again"
76561198028926324,Recommended,299740,29632855,Posted: 1 February,all,Viking,super fun game!
,Recommended,299740,30461787,Posted: 11 March,all,Grim Reaper,"This game is awsome! it's like DayZ, H1z1, 7 days to day mash up. I have put so much time into this game! and i mostly stream it too and its always up to date. i mean just play it and you will see what i am talking about. yeah at the begining its hard cuz you don't have loot but as you start to gear up truest me it gets really fun. Like just PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,299740,26123801,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BroKeN,"Its a cool game if you like open world survivor games, I mean its not a bad game but sometimes it can be so fu**ing boring. and sometimes the game will crash automatically and sometimes you cant even join a server, but overal its a good game when it works, I dont have the best PC but I can still run it on this potatoe. Also the graphics in game arent too good but good enough lol.Hopefully they fix the game up and it will be really great and worth buying..."
,Recommended,299740,28312487,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,deniS-iwnl-,"This game is really good. Graphics and voicings are successful. There are small deficiencies. For example: small bugs in game , Menu and brightness.  I think bugs will be solved but the company should work for menu and Miscreated need to brightness adjustment. Get it now! You will not regret it.."
76561198158322322,Recommended,299740,28314653,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Boss,this game is fun but would be better if the game ould function
,Recommended,299740,29620143,Posted: 31 January,all,Balisong,really fun
,Recommended,299740,30001891,Posted: 17 February,all,HellsQueen,"My friend bought a four pack of this to play. The adventure to track down a map so you can find your friends, is as hard as finding your friends. Everyone else is scary. I've hid in a bush and then hid some more.90% sure there is some weird coloured bandana gang warfare going on and red is always scary.10/10."
,Recommended,299740,30206730,Posted: 26 February,all,G¬Mayhem™,"Awesome fun, its up there with dayz if not better"
76561198150225602,Recommended,299740,26638095,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mirrormoose,I love this game alot but i cant even play it. I was messing with some game settings and now it is in the top left of my screan and I cant press ok to play. I really do recomend this game but I hope the game devolpers fix it becuase this game is alot of fun.
76561198176982590,Recommended,299740,28297536,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Abdul Azeez | Team Luchador,"This game as described to me:""Unturned version 2""""Unturned with better graphics""""An advanced version of where's waldo with mutants and weapons.""This game is awesome and entertaining and scary GET IT :)"
,Recommended,299740,28310024,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dusty84,"Pretty environment. Not sure about the community though. I don't know if I keep choosing servers poorly or what, but I don't run in to many people and I keep getting randomly booted to server menu. Looks like you need to go on facebook and join one of the groups to have any fun. There does appear to be a lot of RP servers but, again, need to go to a FB page and join a group to be allowed into one. I may update my review once I try that out. I will give it an up vote for having a giant map and plenty of things to find."
76561198140914341,Recommended,299740,28312988,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,☭ Arty from Arstotzka ☭,This game is amazing i met alot of ppl the loot spawns are ok ( they could be better ) and the only other issue is the amount of millitary areas. Other than that this is a must buy game in my opinion <3 this can only get better from here .
,Recommended,299740,28319505,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MAD,This game needs a lot more attention than it gets. I highly recommend it if you're coming from other survival games.
76561198073083962,Recommended,299740,28319547,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Avenger 01,Great game! Its running very well for alpha. We have had no issues with the normal alpha problems in games. It is very well polished and needs to be played way more than DAYZ or ARMA.... No glitching rubberbanding.. works well on limited internet connection.
,Recommended,299740,29166919,Posted: 10 January,all,TERPS,solid game well worth the money in its current state. time will tell but devs seem awesome so far aswell
,Recommended,299740,29167649,Posted: 10 January,all,Xiro,"Allthough this game isn't finished yet, it's already alot of fun to play. It's alot better than DayZ, and it's also good to know the devs are actually actively developing this game."
,Recommended,299740,29200668,Posted: 12 January,all,(check previous profile names),9/10 would buy again. i was sitting on this for weeks. played DayZ...not as clunky but way better loooking along with WarZ and ARC. Combat is a ton of fun no indicators of freindlies have to keep track of it.
,Recommended,299740,29464904,Posted: 24 January,all,Soviet Stalker ☭,Very fun game.
,Recommended,299740,29605933,Posted: 31 January,all,♝XOS♗,This game is pretty good
,Recommended,299740,26754177,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NEZUMI,"One of the better survival games I've played. Large map and awesome scenic locations to explore and loot with very nice graphics. Gritty, realistic, mood to it. Defintely fulfills that postapocalyptic experience you look for in a survival game. And just to top it off, do it all with some friends."
,Recommended,299740,28228786,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Saitama,"Got lucky with crossbow and backpack in first 2 minutes of playing, ammo, shotgun, pistol, everything, run into a guy while having crossbow in my hands, he was the good guy but freaked out and shot me, I spawn near him again without anything on me, coming inside and yelling I have no weapons! He reutrns my stuff to me and I help him search for food so he don't die, found food for him, while looking for food I began to starve, his friend comes and gives me food, they invite me to clan, kill some guys who tried to kill us, we said we wont shoot first if u don't... do I need to continue?This game is awesome, I played all kinds of survival games but this is my favourite now!9/10  (still fixing some glitches and stuff, developer team works really hard on this one)"
76561198115073053,Recommended,299740,28281891,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,zzhuo-,"I will highly recommend this game. This is the best survival game I've ever played, and this is what I expect a survival game looks like. However, I found a bug that things will fall through the ground when we are at police station. One of the attractive things is zombies can chase us to the buildings; that is so scary if I play Miscreated at night :o ... In this game, I found friends and met guys shot me without a word! Xd... Few things are wanted to be added... Expanding the maximum amount of players to more than 36? Expanding the map or creating new map? Adding more weapons? Adding more mutants? Beautifying and fixing mutants' model cuz they look... idk how to say it... Anyway, hope this game being better!"
,Recommended,299740,28714027,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zwerg,"I bought this game for 10$ and i can say that the game is absolutely worth it. It's really immersive and a lot of fun. With just 14 hours played at the moment, i've had some of the most fun i've had in a while with a survival game. Of course there are a few bugs but none that make a negative impact on the gameplay. I say that if you want to have some good fun and find some cool people to derp around with, go for it, it's only 10 (20) bucks."
76561198113291506,Recommended,299740,28731849,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pickle Rick!!!,"Incredible Game, Everything that a survival game wants to be is pretty much here, wether its in a rough or polished state. The Graphics are beautiful, the game runs like a dream, and all of the features have been thought out very well. Many say that the inventory system is horrible, this is just incorrect, the inventory system in my opinion is handled well. Your clothes hold items, for example, pants are able to hold 2 items or more depending on which ones you have, and shirts can carry 4>, you can also find a backpack which allows you to carry more items. Scavenging in this game is also very well done, and unlike other survival games, you don't just press E to search, you actually have to look out for objects within cupboards and drawers that you will need. Another plus is base building and the ability to Drive cars, however, as of writing this review, I have not experienced these features, and I will be playing more to try them out. The community is also very good, most early access survival games have a very toxic community with a shoot on sight system. However, this game has players which actually think about their actions and how they impact others, just before writing this review i was greeted by 2 people in a town, they appeared to be heavily armed, but they knew I was a fresh spawn. ""You have any weapons?"" one of the men said, i said no, so he just replied ""Alright, you're free to go, just don't bother us."" and he walked away. There is currently only one slight con I have with this game, and thats the 'zombie' like creatures/mutants. I have as of writing this review played the game for almost 3 hours, and in my playtime, I have only seen one mutant. If the developers read this review, please create 3 options for servers or something similar. 1.No Mutants 2. Few Mutants (I believe this is the games' current setting) 3. Many Mutants. Overall, I really recommend this game. Buy it, Its graphics are gorgeous, and It runs beautifully, the community is nice, and the game has many features eventhough its still in early access. If you've been wanting DAYZ or a game like it, this is the best option."
,Recommended,299740,28702269,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dumbinho,"The best PVP survival game in a while. ( i played: Arma2 DayZ, DayZ Standalone, WarZ, NewZ, Rust, H1Z1, Arma3 Breaking Point)-nice graphics;-nice performace;-i love the loot system (rare weapons and ammo), you have to think if engaging in a fight is worth;-Details in buildings are awesome;-i like what the limited storage system provides to the game;Maybe they could improve the base building parameters a bit, make it harder to destroy someones base. Fix floating bases. But still awesome!Totally worth it!PS: English isn't my main language!"
76561198071226112,Recommended,299740,28699630,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Volkisch,"I came here to write this review because I thought it would help a lot, being that this game is in alpha and it needs every ounce of support it can get to be able to continue.First off, this genre is hamfisted with so many♥♥♥♥♥♥tier games and flops. I was hesistant when looking at this game, but i watched some videos of it and decided to give it a chance. I have to say, i am definintely impressed. This game is SOO much fun. I highly recommend it for anyone wanting a survival game, its the best. Plus most players are chill af and wont slaughter you. This game is just all around great and I cant wait to see it grow."
76561198169812867,Recommended,299740,28712626,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jotão,"i love this game, i am addicted"
,Recommended,299740,28241090,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NoteNex,"I dont know.. It seems like a good game , but its just too boring for me... I  prefer H1Z1"
76561198310444106,Recommended,299740,28472950,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,sKiTzO,This is a very fun game better the day z arma 3 and 7days2die
76561198045628497,Recommended,299740,29046617,Posted: 5 January,all,TryHardBrianna,Fantastically balenced gameplay
76561197984715137,Recommended,299740,29468227,Posted: 24 January,all,Moose,"Very decent game with somewhat of a modern dayZ feel to it. different from rust, althought the aspect of the game is similar... survive... and KOS... lol, even more fun with a friend(s)"
76561198050263083,Recommended,299740,28278749,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,THE PWNER,"Miscreated is not your average Dayz clone, but it something much more due to the many features it holds. This is a true survival game and has better survival mecahnics compared to Dayz Standalone or the mod version. The graphics in the game is immersive and is able to make you feel like a real surivor as the hot scorching sun shines down upon you or as the loud rainstorms pelt heavy rain about the whole map. The AI is a bit strange at times, but basically AI enemies will walk around about the map and chase you down if they spot/hear you. Gameplay is fine, you need food and water to surive while also arming yourself with melee weapons or firearms just in case a player or Mutant charges at you. Player community is pretty much meh and is what you really expect from any survival game, Bandits & Disconnencters (Those that try to disconnect must wait a time before leaving the server, yet may leave the game entirely). Favorite feature really is the building since you can actually make yourself sutiable buildings for resting up or preparing for another loot run (plus you can make gallows which I think is pretty cool if you can take someone hostage which is possible). I would reccomend this game to those looking for a intersting survival game with varying features to pick up on. I give Miscreated 9/10 Smites.>Sneaks up behind player and puts gun to back of player's head ""Don't turn around or I'll shoot! Drop your guns!"">""My AK is not loaded, see?"" Take out Ak-47 briefly.>I know he is lying, but the player turns around with AK-47 out. ""Lol. Hi"">Gets shot by the player.>Master of Hostage Situations"
76561198065421372,Recommended,299740,28706762,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TiDE,"I spent 4 hours looking for a drive belt with my friends, and i ended up dying from a starter with a pistol. Why?"
,Recommended,299740,31890520,Posted: 21 May,all,LoRDd3V1L,Enjoy playing <3
,Not Recommended,299740,13004123,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Shimpmonk,"I can't recommend this game because the devs are lazy and take way to long to fix their game.With every update they release they add alot of bugs, and then they release a update fixing those bugs.Repeat that process and you have this game.Forever stuck in early access.."
76561198094281335,Not Recommended,299740,28395947,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Nedge,"A survival game where you can work as a team or try and solo the map. There are Zombies or mutants or somethign undisclosed in the vacant story that is neither developed, mentioned or quite frankly cared about. Whats it about? Dunno...The AI mutant creatures offer little threat compared to the actual humans you will encounter, untrusting and always willing to bat you around the head when your not looking to steal your loot.You start the game with just some clothes and a torch, you need to pillage endlessly to find tools to survive and build bases, don't get to attached though because the moment you die you lose it all.Graphically the map is brilliant, great animations and textures make sure it's a good looking game.Overall it is a good survival game, however it has the strong potential to become extremely boring very fast. After the 6th time dying you may uninstall rather than bother starting again. At the moment I'm having fun with friends, however if I'm at the point that playing on my own is about as much joy as watching paint dry. I feel this game has a short, short lifespan in my library, the looting and all, what's it all for? Where am I? What are those things? Needs a ton of work."
76561198079623254,Not Recommended,299740,28334492,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,EzTheG,"1 zombie/mutant every 5 square miles.Item spawns are garbage.36 pop servers offer little multiplayer experience.instead if talking to other players who are fresh spawns, people spend their time chasing you with their fists up. i literally ran for 15 min with some #$#hole chasing me, and when you both run the same speed and no stamina mechanic exists, it turns into a marathon simulator. The community for this game is more toxic than most.This game is such a waste of time, money, and patience as you try to learn to build a s***ty base on a server no one plays."
,Not Recommended,299740,28771988,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sneks,"Would have been fun but every single time i meet up with my friends in an area out of the way at the corner of the map playes in cars come full speed and runs of over, no matter where we hide people use programs to find you and ruin the game for you.If they fix it ill change the review."
76561198037319679,Recommended,299740,29109869,Posted: 8 January,all,ZcAmos95,"This game is a lot of fun. No other game catches the satisfaction of ruining someone's day and the fear of running into a group of players with unknown intentions like this one. Every find and every kill is so satisfying it makes you want to keep looting to see what else it out there.I haven't even begun base building or crafting so theres a whole other side of the game I haven't even touched yet which I'm excited about. But overall its a great game and I'm happy I perservered through the mouse scaling problem I had.I do wish they would add more mutants. The spawns are crawling with them, but they're kind of out of the way of everything and when you go to the towns you'll run into 3-4 max. It is a little difficult to become overwhelemed by a horde of 4. Also halo jumping.. People will jump around a corner hip firing in the air and it always kills me. I just wish jumping was more realistic and less like you have an exo suit that lets you lunge across a room."
76561198003106299,Recommended,299740,29074262,Posted: 6 January,all,FullMetalJackson,JUST TRY IT! ITS BETTER THAN H1Z1.. promise.
76561198112555626,Recommended,299740,29075555,Posted: 6 January,all,Arsonist,isss dope mah one hunnned pecent recmend mah u shud get.
,Recommended,299740,29073753,Posted: 6 January,all,STR8-N4STY,games dope
76561198211998809,Recommended,299740,28987739,Posted: 3 January,all,twitch.tv/shaneomj,"Great game, BUY IT :D"
,Recommended,299740,33045210,Posted: 30 June,all,j0hn,"This game is super under rated. I highly suggest this game. More than DayZ mostly because it been in ♥♥♥♥ing alpha for more than 5 years and this game has been alpha for way less time. This game has a more variety of zombies, it has wolves, it's just an over all better get than DayZ."
,Recommended,299740,33410469,Posted: 9 July,all,Titty McPinkBalls,"Some guy walked up to and asked me how my day was.He started asking me how this game was in my opinionSeconds later I get shot randomly and I decided to make a break for it.I ran as fast as the game would let me.Before I took an arrow to the back, not the knee.As my life flashed before my eyes I saw the same guy walk over me and loot my corpse.DON'T TRUST ANYONE IN THE GAME, NEVER NO MATTER WHAT"
76561198070804344,Recommended,299740,17534457,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Private Sparky,"for the size of the map you don't see allot of ppl and if you do most of them wont shoot you like an animal, love the gameplay !10/10 for fun and challenge"
,Recommended,299740,28988144,Posted: 3 January,all,Mars Colonization,"Good game! Personally I think this game is a lot better than DayZ and H1Z1. If you want a fun survival game, MisCreated is for you!"
,Recommended,299740,29053722,Posted: 5 January,all,jinpachi84,"This Game is fantastic for starters. Out of all the Survival based Apocalypse type games, this one rises from the ashes. Graphical, It's beautiful. The lighting in this game is very well done and was the first thing that struck my eye. I've only got 6 hrs in but rest assured I'll have many more. The only dilemas I face with this are server syncing issues. I'd play with my friend and somewhere along the lines he'd go still in game, I'd still be able to talk with him with the in game proxy chat but he wouldn't see me moving nor I him. Overall I give it an 8.5/10."
,Recommended,299740,29056145,Posted: 6 January,all,MAD|Hadouken,"This is a nice game but if you have motion sickness(Cinetosis) this could be a problem, i think the size of the character or the buildings and the speed he walks trigger the motion sickness.. anyway. its a ok game"
76561198082616480,Recommended,299740,29070604,Posted: 6 January,all,Bnv_12,"Better than DayZ. Better than H1Z1. Been out for half the time.The group of developers that work on this game actually put time in and listen to feedback from the community and they are making this the best they can with steady updates.10/10 best open world, multiplayer, survival game on steam at this time."
76561197971166257,Recommended,299740,17534984,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,discuit,"Great fun, especially for it's alpha stage, well worth the pennies i spent on it so far."
76561198334351103,Recommended,299740,28478960,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ringo,"Saw some videos on YouTube and was kind of skeptical at first. I was about to buy DayZ Standalone but was turned off by all the people complaining about bugs because the game has been out for a long time. Saw a friend playing this and asked if it was fun and he said yes so I said f*** it and went for it. Been having fun ever since. As far as I can tell it's already come a long way graphics and gameplay wise from it's release (graphics are gorgeous by the way). KOS is still very much a thing considering it's a survival game but there isn't a lack of friendly players. Still some issues such as items dropping through the floor, optimization issues, etc. but they mostly don't take away much from gameplay and don't prevent fun (mostly). All in all it's a great game considering it's in alpha. Devs are very active and they listen. A lot better than DayZ according to numerous friends of mine whom I met on this game. This is the alpha post apocolyptic survival game you're looking for! It's only going to get better as time goes on."
,Recommended,299740,28525264,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,マックス,Better Love story than DayZ
,Recommended,299740,29055534,Posted: 6 January,all,dadstillfrags,"Really enjoyable game, everything just seems to work. The weather effects are some of the best I've seen, A* for that. Obviously it's not the finished article yet and there are improvements to be made but the level of polish the game already has is impressive for a alpha. If you like open world survival & PVP this is 100% worth a look."
,Recommended,299740,29067965,Posted: 6 January,all,Rufus T Firefly,This was my first foray into the world of MP survival games so wasn't too sure what to expect. Initially it was great.Graphics are very nice (I have them  maxed out) and the weather effects are the best I've seen in a game.It didn't take too long to learn the interface which I found easy to use. Finding your way around the island is easier if you have a map printed off or open on a second machine (I use a laptop for this).  I found the map you can pick up in-game just about useless.It's way too small to read unless I'm doing something wrong.Then the KoS problem started to rear its ugly head which spoiled it somewhat but I just decided to play differently and trust no-one. I much prefer to sneak around and hide anyway.I've avoided the various modes of transport (apart from the bicycle) as I think that tends to draw more attention to yourself and as a lonewolf player have no back-up.Overall I think it's a great game and look forward to future development of it.
76561198333893835,Recommended,299740,31829155,Posted: 18 May,all,Why Not Chipz,Good for an early released game
,Recommended,299740,31859896,Posted: 20 May,all,Lucky♥™,This game is really entertaining to play with friends. It could use some updates a little quicker though.
,Recommended,299740,29075886,Posted: 6 January,all,ALTRIX,"This game is fun as hell. Hours upon hours of gameplay I've put into this.Running into another player gives me more of an adrenaline rush than running into a mutant as you dont know what to expect with another player as whether they'll be hostile or not.The game has polished realism, especially with the flashlights that you can spot out from miles away. This really brings out the risk of looting quickly and easily with a flashlight or taking it slower and being stealthy without giving away your position by having it off.I do hope they add a hitmarker system or noise when you have connected a bullet to an enemy as its really hard to tell otherwise unless you are close enough to see the blood splatter. If i were lagging for whatever reason I'd really like to know if my bullets were connecting to the other player or not.Also as well as spawning with a flashlight maybe also spawn with a compass too or add an compass HUD in the corner to help find your way around as its hard (especially when you are new to the game) to find your way around, especially if you just want to play with a friend (which is a very important fun factor to the game) It took ages for me to find my mate when i first started.If you're into the survival games i definitely would recommend this one."
76561198088228474,Recommended,299740,29088939,Posted: 7 January,all,Depierrock,Good game to play with friends
76561198166585946,Recommended,299740,25505524,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Cold gun007,"希望 官方能把800*600的分辨率 调好【翻译】 Hope to the official 800 * 600 resolution制作东西都看不见了，希望吧比例弄好点Making things out of sight, hope the proportion set point"
,Not Recommended,299740,32586281,Posted: 20 June,all,Obama Is Kenyan,Dayz rip off. Has a severe lack of things to do.3/10 For lack of content.
76561198071238493,Not Recommended,299740,33416220,Posted: 9 July,all,☆Panda★,"Played this game a lot, had a lot of fun times, built bases, had them raided and fought many people. The game is very fun and rewarding. There are a lot of pros to the game, and definitley fun. But I have a lot of problems as well. The game has some of the worst combat I have ever seen in a shooter game ever. It's very choppy, hard to aim and lead, etc. There are a lot of minor glitches that make things very difficult (eg: game crashes because of glitch, you die and lose everything, visual bugs, inventory glitched with deleting things occasionally, and much more.) Also, if you find almost anyone in the game, them, their mothers, brothers, and sisters will find and kill you with 10 fully loaded lmg's. (pretty much everyone in the game is a clan with a ton of people, so hard to play without at least 4-5 people in your squad.) One last thing is that the game devs don't know how to update the game without ruining something else inside the game. Me and my 3 buds had very well made and secured bases with a lot of weapons and ammo, but the devs have made updates where it glitched and all the structures went missing from every base on the server and all other servers too. People could just walk in and steal whatever from your chest, and as a result we lost a lot of stuff. Now, because they can't just update it right, they've deleted my whole base, all of my 5 m40's, 6at's, 4 vectors, all my lights and generators, foundations, gnomes, camping things, etc. Everything is gone and all of the stuff that was on me is too, for this reason i'm not going to play the game until they can get their game in order. Yes i understand it's in alpha, but that's still not an excuse why all me and my friends bases and stuff should've been deleted. Thanks for your time hope this review helped!"
76561198009597127,Not Recommended,299740,33532768,Posted: 14 July,all,Pauca Verba,"First i wanted to say that developers of this game is very disrespective to the community, and very shady, completly refusing to talk about certain things in game. Also they often show very little knowledge in game industry at all, and even in their own game. How can lead designer be unaware about something that exists in his game? That level of unpofessionalism are more than i can take. The only good developer is Marco, the level designer. His work is always good and have an amazing quality. Others just and amateurs who are holding this game back.Now to gameplay:It's a game about people from small villages dreaming about getting to the big city. They will not be happy about that at the end, but they don't know about it yet.Also it's a perfect hobo simulator. You pick stuff from trash, fight for other people over trash, and run from people who has gone mad (because their hunt for trash were too long) and trying to bite you. You punch street dogs, murder random deers, drink from toilets and rivers, putting some trash together to make yourself a home. Then you die because other hobos want your stuff."
,Not Recommended,299740,33001530,Posted: 29 June,all,Stupidicus,"Found a M40 in the bathroom of a house in a city, guns are too common"
,Not Recommended,299740,32628272,Posted: 21 June,all,Clunker44,"It's terrible. UI looks & controls like♥♥♥♥♥ So many bugs. Players desync everywhere.Good luck getting a weapon & ammo before some camper kills you.Pretty much 0 PvE aspect to the game, even so-called friendly servers have everyone KOSing. Literally just spawn, run about looting for a couple hours and die. Also plenty of people using godmode or going around invisible, probably plenty with wallhacks & ESPs too. I can't recommend it at it's current state. Even if they were giving it away for free I wouldn't recommend downloading it. Basebuilding is also terrible just now.Plants don't render in past 100m or so even with highest render distance so if you're hiding in a bush then it just looks like a person crouching on smooth green.Keep coming back to it and every time it seems worse."
76561198036595652,Not Recommended,299740,35372589,Posted: 1 October,all,Postal,People don't die from bullets in this here videogame
,Not Recommended,299740,29456042,Posted: 23 January,all,Maortie,"The game is great, but the melee combat system sucks a lot. You can't block or dodge, it's an 'imma hit you, you gonna hit me' thing, and both sides wind up hurt. It's doesn't make sense. Fix it god damn it.*EDIT*For some reason now it just won't close once I quit, bugging my system and making me reboot. And  the combat system still kinda sucks. So now I hate game. :)"
,Not Recommended,299740,30180227,Posted: 25 February,all,piglet ♚,why can't they add a single player mode
76561198363821736,Not Recommended,299740,29906045,Posted: 13 February,all,SneezyKing,Game is really broken stay away.
76561198252240464,Not Recommended,299740,28969511,Posted: 3 January,all,Will,"I was so bored I felt like I was torturing myself. No people or loot or anything but my bare fists for an hour and playing a running simulator. I would not recommend buying this game at this time, it has great potential and you dont want to ruin your experience of the game. Just wait."
76561197968195107,Not Recommended,299740,30596781,Posted: 18 March,all,2ManyQuaids,"EDIT/UPDATED REVIEW:Lately there seems to be a massive infestation of Chinese players that are able to hack the game for using aimbots, ESP, flying persons and vehicles, wall hacks, teleportation, high jumping etc.. It has since made this game completely unenjoyable and completely unfair. I have seen someone teleport into my base, jump great distances and even fly a vehicle right over my double high base walls without damaging anything. You can spend multiple hours find loot, building your perfect base and creating your clan only to have some cheating A hole teleport right through your walls and steal all of your hard work. This has happened across multiple servers multiple times.I have waited from patch #49, 50 and 51 for the Devs to even acknowledge it and make any effort to inform their players that its a problem and a solution is being worked on.. But NOTHING. They either dont care or are ignorant to figuring out a fix. Im sorry but at this stage in a games development and for it to still be in Alpha, tells me an awful lot about the developers experience. In short, its limited. Dealing with cheaters should be ablsolute top on the list of fixes. If you frustrate your player base right out of playing your game, whats the point?? Why add a new gun or a new scope if the end result is it getting stolen by a hacker that can fly away and take no damage?.. Its a huge shame because when this game is played fairly, its one of my favorite games. Until this is addressed I DO NOT recommend this game anymore and it truely saddens me to say that."
76561198127445347,Not Recommended,299740,28927699,Posted: 1 January,all,FrankHD,alright so i deleted my old review to tell you guys whats up with the game graphics are nice surivial aspect is ok some really cool fine edges of the game are things like no instant healing you heal over time loot is kinda scarce even o high loot servers gunplay is kinda wonky compared to other games but its still ok and doable no really big issuses with this game its actually really nice. But heres my complaint mutants like zombies are a cool aspect of every survial game the ai isnt all that bad and there pretty decently balanced but i dont see them really being a large threat i know this is kinda personal prefrance and all but i feel like they should rome in herds or hordes something that makes geared people stay in a house overnight to wait for the horde to leave the town i feel like the mutants could really use some buddys but HERES my most important problem with the game which is the only reason im not recommending it theres this bug thats been around since patch 13 i think were somewere on patch 40 now and this bug still isnt fixed youll join a server get fully geard kick♥♥♥♥♥and own a server then youll get off to chill hop back on and all of the stuff you worked so hard for is gone this happened to me every server i played on and it really made me mad this particlur bug is just cancer and needs to be fixed
76561198033660448,Not Recommended,299740,28967662,Posted: 2 January,all,duckert13,"Fun game with lots of potential, but without the ability to host your own server without renting one for a rediculous price, don't expect any PvE friendly gameplay. From my exprience even a server that is set for no KoS, it doesnt stop anyone. If the game ever gives us the option to run a dedicated server, it will open many doors."
,Not Recommended,299740,31164704,Posted: 15 April,all,Rouga @ collecting game time,Boo
,Not Recommended,299740,29065604,Posted: 6 January,all,Don Calvo,"I liked this game but it's pretty boring. You can build bases but it's unnecessary. You can find cars loot and anything but this type of game won't be good by that. The developers should use what was in the Dayz Epoch or make an own roleplay apocalypse game because if they won't this is just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival pvp game where you run collect loot and then die. Dayz was musch better when it was only just a mod but if you could make this game do be a more roleplay game where people can actually make stuff like shops, trade system, more vehicles more weapons and much more options for this game to be a sandbox game and not a pvp game."
,Not Recommended,299740,31449667,Posted: 29 April,all,Boklec,Not a good game
,Not Recommended,299740,28890504,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dynelight,"Meh, the gui is gross and It didn't bring anything new to table (as far as survival games go). I hope the developers plan on getting a little more creative with their miscreation. ;)"
76561198355589843,Not Recommended,299740,28967973,Posted: 2 January,all,Toooooooooom,not a bad game but its nearly impossible to play and not worth 20$
76561198071740565,Not Recommended,299740,29812578,Posted: 9 February,all,BAKKLO,"i dont regret buying this game since ive had some fun with it, but i dont think id recommend it to anyone else either. the only part of the game that ive had fun with is the PvP, and that got old pretty quick and i stopped playing. i think once they add more stuff to the game and increase the amount of players on a server it could be a good game."
,Recommended,299740,28497023,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ＰＳＢ ＡＮＸＩＥＴＹ,"Good game, a bit of glitches but no gamebreaking bugs from what ive seen, (9 hours played) still a lot to be added though"
76561198008987650,Recommended,299740,29871553,Posted: 12 February,all,spud0708,Great game for suvival and the combat mechnaics are ok. Base building is a bit pointless and the game is tough to play on your own. Its s shame most of the community shoot on sight as I think the real fun in the game could be from clan battles.
,Recommended,299740,31378871,Posted: 26 April,all,Shiroyasha,"I tried a lot of early access survival games and this is by far the best one i've played, very well optimized, regular updates and hotfixed, devs are listening to the community and working really hard on the game, great map and atmosphere, simple interface and controls to understand, and the PVP makes your heart race like crazy. This game has great potential since it's already so good as it is.100% recommended, if you are not sure if to get rust, dayz or whatever other survival game out there or this one, definently get this one."
76561198037879922,Recommended,299740,31798714,Posted: 16 May,all,Johnny,"Haven't played for almost a year. It was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to find my friends....like HOURSSSSSSSS, other than that it looked nice and has a gorgeous setting. A♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of Lord of the Rings walking.... which can be painful. Aside from all of that I will play it again someday as it progresses, which I haven't seen it do alot. I still think it can be fun although a ton of the issues they had a year ago are still there. I am patient. Be aware the best loot spawns in the same spots, which is usually where people camp and set up base and yea.... kinda makes going around to the other places useless sadly. Happy hunting!"
76561198148824852,Recommended,299740,32011846,Posted: 27 May,all,FateWeaver71,"alot of fun, kinda buggy"
,Recommended,299740,32219294,Posted: 6 June,all,zuzZ^ twitch.tv/zuzz__,"I played many survival games, what i like about it is mostly the AMAZING enviroment. I like the whole atmosphere when i play this game. Even tho im running alone in the woods my adrenaline is going because i can loose all my gear and everything i struggled for so easy. The PvP is amazing and i like the community alot too."
76561198064607253,Recommended,299740,32266171,Posted: 8 June,all,Brother John,good memes
,Recommended,299740,32373878,Posted: 12 June,all,Mr. Whitehouse,"I now had miscreated for almost a year now as I chose to buy the game given the circumstances of it being an early release. Now the think about early releases is that you have to take in consideration that the game is, at most, incomplete when you purchase. Now I experienced many early released games before that devistated me to the point of pulling my knaps out of my hair due to the point of discovering after the fact that the devs have completly abandoned the game, which meant that if the game is crap, then you got what you paid for sort of speach. Forgive me if I got a bit off topic, nevertheless, I gave that prime example so that you could imagine how skeptical I was purchasing this game last Thanksgiving holiday; and I forgot to mention that the game had mixed reviews at the time. However, I'm really into survival gameplay as well as a game with beautiful graphics as shown on any youtube trailer or steam page even, so I had to try and convince myself that this could be THE GAME! Therefore I dipped into more research even after going over a few of the user reviews and I then visited the devs website. Now, this is where I found my answer! After reading their proposal and vision for the game I absolutly believed them, as they do give their most recent reviews like anywhere, so I bought the game.After playing Miscreated for about two to three months, I began to feel a bit tiresome from all the lootering and constant kill rates from either other players, lack of food or water, and even by default by haveing my game paused for too long. Although, it was the constant updates that even kept me on for that long. Yeah, the game is very beutiful and can be fun if you find a good group to trust and expierence the world with, but it needed more for me.I do still have some faith in the product and the devs who have already gave us so much, but I realized that it might take a bit of time to get the game to where it needs to be. I do uninstall the game from time to time to try and free myself from being unpatient because I do see that the devs are commited to their work and are fantastic with keeping us updated. However, what would be even greater, is if the devs would find some time to gaze over the most viewed review from all its  players and write out a complete list of potential updates and compromises, then give us an idea of how much it may cost to get the vision executed. That way, it could allow for the users to donate to add to the cause at least.What I would like to see happen, and a lot of you may disagree, but here are my bulleted recommendations down below.-Full Character Costumization that can be saved with a user account-Chopping down trees with animation (using axe or saw)-more things to pick up by nature (rather its berries, bark, sticks, or what not)-Respawn at base-safe's with key lock so that you don't always have to start from scratch if you've been storing supplies-and more animal AI (s) mainly predators and animals you can eat! lol ( I did enjoy the wolves and sewerds though, Thank you very much for that and you're still AWSOME developers!)I recommend the game, because you really do need to see for yourself and the dev's need all the encouragement they can get. Jump onboard with us, you will not be solely disappointed. (If that make any sense at all)"
76561198314427616,Recommended,299740,32757963,Posted: 24 June,all,penny,i think it is awsome and keep up the good work guys or girls who ever made this game im getting it now
,Recommended,299740,28434062,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,lOne.WolF,"yes buy it, lots of potential and frEquent updates this game represents true survival and the atmosphere, optimization is top notch. YES YES. play it on free weekends then decide :D"
,Recommended,299740,30758399,Posted: 26 March,all,Catharsis,"Please please please make optimising the game a priority. I have a computer that can reliably play Battlefield 1 and this game lags when I try and turn my view left to right on lowest graphics, it is so depressing. Otherwise it's a promising game."
,Recommended,299740,30838037,Posted: 30 March,all,ColinAlexander,"It's a fun game, but unlike everyone else I have never met another person in the game, only some zombies. Walking around is really peaceful though. I think I just need to get to some bigger towns for some action :)Also, there's this bug I get where I can see the mouse pointer, but it's not lined up with my sight and delayed, so I can barely look around. Navigating the menu's with this glitch is really annoying too, I hope it gets fixed soon!"
,Recommended,299740,31163270,Posted: 15 April,all,Gearweel,"The graphics are great and the survival mechanics are balanced. The only problems I found was that the mutants are very hard to shoot because they move so quickly, and that the map is so big you don't see players often. Also, it is hard to find ammunition, but that could be by design. Overall I would say 7.5/10."
76561198217256599,Recommended,299740,31648432,Posted: 9 May,all,Morty Da Chimp,Gets shot three times in chest without any shirt or armour.Mild bleeding and moderate damage.Falls off ten foot drop.10% health remaing.
,Recommended,299740,31649144,Posted: 9 May,all,✪ Charlie TPG ツ,Obviously not a miscreation
,Recommended,299740,31657595,Posted: 9 May,all,kubawysota,"Miscreated is an open world PVE and PVP multiplayer game. The point is to worth by yourself in lonesome, or in groups and strive by yourself or together. You have to survive through the harsh elements of hunger, thirst, as well as other players and mutants."
76561198130087580,Recommended,299740,31699706,Posted: 12 May,all,iLoneMerci,"The game is not perfect in its current state but what EA game is.Its a hardcore survival game where you never know if that next player you run into is going to be friend or foe.I see alot of players with low hour counts complaining there is no loot. There is an abundance of loot you just have to know where to look. If not grab that hatchet,knife,axe,pickaxe and go swinging at that geared player you see in the distance."
76561198124224649,Recommended,299740,31796682,Posted: 16 May,all,Lord Versailles,Pretty fun
,Recommended,299740,32214231,Posted: 5 June,all,Sassy The Sasquatch,"I bought this game about a year ago and put like 5 hours into it then decided it wasnt for me. I just reinstalled it a few days ago and got into a whitelisted RP server and it's been the most fun I've had in a game in a while, I'll list pros and cons below.Pros:Very immersive environmentYou have to actually look for the loot in places like dressers and cupboardsDecent base building especially if you play on a server with increased base HPMostly friendly community from my experienceCons:Sounds are kind of lame, directional VOIP is not there and gunshots are weakFair share of bugs, I crash to menu once an hour or so sometimes twice, my brother doesn't crash as much as I do but I have better specs_______________________________________________________"
76561198362477307,Recommended,299740,32240219,Posted: 7 June,all,Black Sabbath,"I Highly recommend this game!!!!   I have had so much fun playing the whole element of hardcore survival along withthe ""social element"" of Trust in other players....Very Realistic gameplay ...Great Graphics detailed very nicely!!!!1The other day I actually ran into H.OD. Gaming and i offered him food....I was blown away!!!!!! I am very excited to see the final product. I honestly believe this game will be one of the Best of the Best to go down in the books!!!!!!! all the Youtube guys Love your vids!!!!  I enjoy seeing all the ""pranks"" and hilarious moments......other day I had four guys strip me handcuff me and leave me for dead!!!!  (they didnt make me sing Barbie Girl though!!!!!) Having a blast!!!!!  Five Stars for this Title!!!"
,Recommended,299740,33549255,Posted: 14 July,all,ThE DrUgS aRe To PoWeRfUl,"Miscreated is a better version of H1Z1 and dayZ put ALL TOGETHER! The almost 80% of the people I meet in the game they want to be friends with me or trade some stuff, while in H1Z1 and dayZ everyone is shoot to kill and very quickly kills the fun of the game when your constantly being shot everytime you spawn. The atmosphere of the game is AMAZING! Everytime I play this game I get ""The Last of Us"" feels and its makes me feel like I'm jole franticly looking for a weapon and a backpack and then running for the forest to get away from anyone else who might want to kill me. The game running on the cryengine is what makes this game look so good! I booted the game up and started playing at 60 FPS and I wanted to turn up the priorty to high to see if I could get anymore frames, and it was already at high! I love that about games that automaticly change the priorty to whatever it needs to be because it saves my PC the time and effort  to boot up task manger, and change the priorty, and THEN alt + tab back into the game which then takes 10 seconds on its own. Over all the game is completely worth the money weather it be $10 or $20 BUY IT! (also I saw a review saying the map is small, That is very, very, VERY not true)"
76561198183841695,Recommended,299740,32287296,Posted: 9 June,all,krampus,The game has potential but the gun sound should be worked on and the pvp ssystem should be fixed like the melee
,Recommended,299740,32337684,Posted: 11 June,all,Elder,I really think this is the best survival game out there. The community is fantastic and the overall feeling of survival is what it should
,Recommended,299740,31794218,Posted: 16 May,all,v Has Autism v,"Miscreated ReviewHave you ever played Day-z back in alpha h1z1 or even gta5 this game is a mix of everything. Miscreated Offers many hours of enjoyment for long periods of time. Each time you kill someone and wipe them it gives you a great feeling inside of greatness like your the best goddamn player of all time. Miscreated includes minimal character customization (picking girl or boy character). This game also provides many different vehicles from a bike to a party bus ( just reg. bus but can fit 20 ppl). The weapons range from a combat knife all the way to an ar-15 (mk-18 ingame). The first person feel to the game is really what brings the game to life , (can switch to thirdperson if want to). The graphics on low are magnificent, you dont need a good computer to run the game. The customization of graphics varies from fxaa - to lens flare. The only cons is the downfall of players in the day. West coast 4pm seems to be when everyone gets on.~FlashedBack"
,Recommended,299740,31868603,Posted: 20 May,all,MalwareBear,Good
76561198324029322,Recommended,299740,32996120,Posted: 29 June,all,-[U|S|A]-Wolf117,Very Fun I enjoy the game alot I would Recomend it to anyone who enjoys Survival games.
,Recommended,299740,15850455,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ryemck,"- Beautiful graphics and the game runs well.- Tons of different aesthetic items, weapons and tools to choose from.- DO NOT TRY BASEBUILDING: Collecting resources is a huge grind if you're solo. I spent hours building a base, only to log in the next week and find it's been completely wiped (all bases on the server).- Fairly friendly community, it's become more KOS but I still meet a lot of friendly people.- Thematically, it's one of the best games you'll ever find. The world is so desolate and destroyed, nature is taking it back.- Gunplay is really well done, shotgun is a bit OP but overall it's realistic, skillful and fun. This is coming from a huge FPS player who has put 500 hours in to Battlefield 4.WARNING TO RUST/DAYZ/H1Z1 PLAYERS: This is not ""spend 30 mins finding tons of guns and go play TDM"", this is a hardcore survival game. You will be scared, you will run away a lot, you will question your morals."
,Recommended,299740,31479931,Posted: 30 April,all,The Chinkster,I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game
,Recommended,299740,32151353,Posted: 3 June,all,Spooderman46,"Has potential, for now there is a lot to be desired, keep up the good work devs :)"
76561198017744449,Recommended,299740,32324462,Posted: 10 June,all,☬ Crow ☬,"This game has come a long way and is heading in the right direction.For the price you are going to get a lot of playtime for your dollars spent.While I would really love to see a larger and or, more maps added, what has been created is beautifully done, motion fluid, weapons feel pretty good.It's a little more of an RP community as compared to Rust or Dayz, as you'll actually be able to find quite a few no KOS RP servers.All in all, they've delivered on promises, kept in contact with their community, and continue to improve."
,Recommended,299740,32493942,Posted: 16 June,all,Nyanch,"I hate to make this comparison, but DayZ and Rust had a baby, and Miscreated was the perfect offspring to match both of their good sides. If you play it, I found it to be the most fun while playing an RP server."
,Recommended,299740,33420420,Posted: 9 July,all,Tiggzyy,"Spend 7 hours getting cars, weapons and building a baseBase gets raided whilst offline, lost everything but a truckRe-locate, get KoS on a no KoS server11/10 would waste my time again"
76561198073646808,Recommended,299740,29947966,Posted: 15 February,all,riisisu-desu,There isn't that many zombies. And I want to kill zombies.Kinda fun game tho atm but hopefully it will get better. 3/5 will definitely follow how the game will develop.
,Recommended,299740,30366941,Posted: 6 March,all,Snips,"One of my first survival games beside DayZ. At times, the game can seem very slow. The visuals are very pleasing, not that demanding of a game. Has potential to be really good! I'm excited for the upcoming news and updates!Cheers"
76561198211711792,Recommended,299740,31276636,Posted: 21 April,all,VAN,"Great survival game! and by the way, don't trust anyone in this game unless they're friendly"
,Recommended,299740,31326321,Posted: 23 April,all,Will csgoroll.com,good
,Recommended,299740,31457258,Posted: 30 April,all,𝔊 𝓔𝓪𝔃𝔂 Trade-Skins.com,Meh.
76561198000755255,Recommended,299740,31477605,Posted: 30 April,all,RaVeRBaBy666,One of the most underrated games i have ever played. Give it a go.
,Recommended,299740,31546835,Posted: 4 May,all,ΞV0LVΞ,the moment they add a way for me to find my friend without having to explore the whole map id play it
76561198354818026,Recommended,299740,31658202,Posted: 9 May,all,Pickled Salad,pretty good but have some flaws to it that is the community....its like dayz but not as bad as dayz community...i hope there the devs will keep updating and polishing the game and adding more content for us to keep playing :)
76561198044617327,Recommended,299740,31869159,Posted: 20 May,all,8il0ng0,Game gets boring in under 10 hours... not much to do out there... vehicles tend to despawn.... The only thing that rly hits the spot is the genuine atmosphere of the nature and awesome weather effects ... This game needs some strong interest boosters like AI missions and some sort of quests or tasks given by NPC's in the world... Still i think its a good buy but not for it's full price...
76561198108099827,Recommended,299740,32017370,Posted: 28 May,all,Whitesnake,The most valuable survival game so far.
76561198075235004,Recommended,299740,32124994,Posted: 2 June,all,Flandzy,Графика-10 из 10Геймплей-8 из 10 (быстро надоедает)Хардкор-10 из 10 (нормальную пушку хрен найдешь даже на военной базе)Атмосфера-10 из 10Обилие животинки-7 из 10 (животных и мутантов мало)Оптимизация-3 из 10 (на моем вполне нормальном компе 20 фпс на минимуме)Если игру оптимизировать то ей нет равных (8.5 из 10)
76561198298689828,Recommended,299740,32136082,Posted: 2 June,all,Dayzfire,Very good game for survival and PvP8/10
,Not Recommended,299740,29758044,Posted: 7 February,all,.♡ryxs.xoxo.♡.,FK THIS GAME.
76561198049909742,Not Recommended,299740,31262445,Posted: 20 April,all,Dean Bean,"I'm giving this game a big thumbs down, i loved this game in the beginning it has a vast open world and takes quite a long time to accumulate decent gear. However, after you get that gear you will just be popped in the head by a hacker because any shot from any weapon to the head is an instant kill making it easy for hackers. Well i should build a base and store all my gear so i wont have so much on me NOPE the only way to currently raid bases is to hit them reapeatedly with fists or melee weapons which takes an enormous amount of time so with a few layers of metal wall it would take a few hours to break through one side WELL i quit after i spent about 3 days making my base just to log off for 45min to come back to a destroyed and looted base. Other than that you can only have 2 storage units per base and you can only have one base so storing items is not very worth the hours and days you'll have to spend building a base that just gets raided by a hacker. Spawn glitches where you spawn in the middle of the ocean and die instantly just to hit respawn and get a black screen. an issue that hasen't been fixed since 2016. (Look it up a lot of people have this issue). The aiming with firearms in the game is slow pased making melee much better than guns at close range which is completely unreasonable. Other than that enjoy a game that makes you work hard to gear up just to be crushed on by a hacker a large open world map that would be nice to roam around in a car if only people didn't stash all the cars in their skybases. And enjoy building a dozen bases each month after yours gets raided every 3 days. No proggresion/ new guns every few months (Yay lets forget how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is they added new guns)/ unbalanced pvp/ hackergalore/ broken base building/ glitched kill spawns/ always full offical servers (I'll just join a player paid for server since all the offical servers are full DONT i have come to find out 90% of player paid for servers end up stop being paid for after they realize they should not be paying for an overpriced server for a terrible game. No character customization. Limited carry weight no matter what bag/clothes you have. There is no grouping system WHATSOEVER other than being in the same clan which will not tell you where any of your clan memebers are only that you are able to interact with eachothers bases. So you can forget about teaming up in this game unless you want to say ""Hey is that you? (Gets shot due to uncertainty) Every time you play."
76561197983881430,Not Recommended,299740,28968640,Posted: 2 January,all,CHUGGABOOM,Havent even made it into a game yet just keeps loading
76561198192087366,Not Recommended,299740,28950907,Posted: 2 January,all,✪ PROuD__,Very good running simulator.The looting amount and the lack of actual features after almost 3 YEARS after release is dissapointing. You basiclly `beat` the game after you find a gun and a car.
,Recommended,299740,28214180,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TANGO BRAVO,you can shoot zombies
,Recommended,299740,29008460,Posted: 4 January,all,rich dotcom nigga,"very slow and time taking , needs to improve a lot in some aspects"
76561197975220093,Recommended,299740,31246057,Posted: 19 April,all,Sicario,"PROS:+Stellar game engine with good optimization+intense pvp+one of the best weather engines+combat feels rewarding and is very fast+actually has a survival atmosphere+very active development team+interesting map with many hidden locationsCONS:-floating bases-some parts of the map feel empty/unused (better spawn points needed)-guns sound lackluster-mutants are more of an inconvenience than a threat-vehicles are prone to glitches-hunger/thirst are rarely a concernI play miscreated for the pvp aspect and see the base building as bare bones and in need of more work.Luckily, the development team releases patches/hotfixes frequently and is very interactive with the community.The game is known for having downtime(looting/traveling/etc) between meeting players and engaging in combat.The combat, IMO, is worth it and has put me in some of the most intense situations.While the game has ways to go, it has already achieved making an incredible post-apocalyptic survival atmosphere which keeps me playing. If you're still skeptical, definitely look for it in the future."
,Recommended,299740,28332906,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,dubnoize,good game great amount of fun if you have patience(game has hackers)
,Recommended,299740,29792612,Posted: 8 February,all,SUSHi,"So, I found a random player helped him with loot since he didnt know how to play. Got to the airfield and tried to find parts for a truck. Found all the parts put it together and got it running. All of a sudden he shot and killed me and took my loot. Great game.10/10"
76561198368916893,Recommended,299740,33564019,Posted: 15 July,all,KravenGaming,Good but lacking. Hope the future brings more stuff to do.
,Recommended,299740,33069149,Posted: 30 June,all,GΦτhìcDuk,spooky
76561198322208749,Recommended,299740,28337457,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,L.T RIPs,great game better with freinds
,Recommended,299740,32544494,Posted: 18 June,all,$wagpant$,"The first guy I meet runs up the road toward me and then stops. I wave to him. He does nothing, so I move a bit closer and wave again. Then I scoot even closer and wave a third time. Finally, I see a line of text appear in global chat: ""I don't know how to wave.""This is his first time playing Miscreated, he says. ""I have no idea what I'm doing."" I teach him to wave, give him a few tips, then watch him run off.The next two people I meet are heavily geared, traveling together, and very cautious. When they spot me they spread out and keep their distance, holding their guns up but not pointing them at me. I wave a few times, and assure them I'm not dangerous, but every step I take toward them, they retreat.  Eventually, one trots a few steps closer to me, then drops something. ""Got a hunting knife for you,"" he says. I thank them, watch as they run off together, then collect the gift.The next person I meet opens fire on me immediately with a rifle. I flee, bleeding, and he gets me with a second shot. I duck behind cover, draw my pistol, lean out and fire the only three .22 rounds I have for my pistol, striking him once. He ducks into a tent and I scurry up the steps to a watchtower to bandage myself.I'm lucky enough to find a shotgun and six shells in the tower, so I hunker down to see if the attacker follows me. After a few minutes, another player runs up the steps. I assume, like the first guy I met, he's new to the game—he's holding his flashlight even though a) it's off, and b) it's daytime. When he spots me crouched, my shotgun leveled at him, he turns and exits in at a speed I would describe as ""comical.""I never see the guy who shot me again, though. Also, all of these encounters take place within ten minutes at the same military base. In other words, I'm having a great time with MiscreatedIt's a post-apocalyptic open world multiplayer survival shooter, where beginning with just your clothing and a flashlight you have to scour for supplies and gear while dealing with both human players and AI controlled mutants and wildlife. The first time I played I didn't spend much time with it, but over the past few days it's slowly grafted itself onto my heart. I'm really enjoying it.AdvertisementIt took a few hours to get there. Initially, when I spawned and began rummaging through dilapidated houses for supplies—a water bottle here, a long-sleeved shirt there, two guns with no ammo and two handfuls of ammo for two different guns—I thought I might not have the patience for it. The endless running, searching, looting, putting together a meager kit, getting into a scrap, dying, and starting over... I just wasn't finding it appealing. The more I played, though, the more I began to enjoy myself. Miscreated is shaping up nicely.Okay, I've put off not mentioning DayZ long enough. Miscreated is very similar to DayZ in terms of looks and themes and the things you do. It's less complex in a few ways: managing your health, food, and hydration is much simpler, for example. Just eat and drink regularly, and apply bandages if you're hurt. Both games have basic crafting systems, but Miscreated displays the recipes, and it also has a base-building system.I should say here that I love DayZ. I know it's much-maligned due to how long it's been in Early Access and the fact that Dean Hall left before it was finished, but I played DayZ for some 250 hours, nearly all of them enjoyable despite the unfinished state of the game. That's longer than I've spent on just about any other game except for Bethesda's RPGs and TF2.I mention this because of what I'm enjoying about Miscreated is that it's giving me the same feelings DayZ gave me when I first started playing it. Some of it is just the enjoyment of slowly learning my way around a big open world, some of it is the delicious tension of player encounters, and some is just the general spookiness of scurrying around the dangerous, decaying remnants of civilization.One thing I'm not crazy about in Miscreated is the base-building. As a concept, I love it, but look at these bases in the image above. It's straight out of Rust, and while I think Rust is a good game it very quickly taught me that I have zero desire to build a giant wooden crate and live in it. Wooden boxes as player homes are dull and completely stand out from the rest of Miscreated's visuals. In Rust, it makes more sense to live in a damn crate since since you're running around naked in the wild, but in Miscreated there are towns and stores and neighborhoods and gas stations and churches and office buildings, so hammering together a shipping crate and moving into it feels like a weird thing to do.I'd much prefer to choose an existing house or building and move into that. Board up the windows, reinforce the doors, put traps and warning systems outside, and turn a residence into a safehouse or, with enough help, turn an office block or grocery store into a fortress. I wish that sort of thing was possible: as it is now, you can only build outside of towns.Miscreated is built in CryEngine so it looks really nice, and I have to say I'm really impressed with how smoothly it's been running for me, nearly always between 60-70 fps on my GeForce GTX 980 (with some occasional dips for a few minutes after first joining a server). It's still an Early Access title, of course, and I've had that familiar Early Access problem: twice I've loaded the game and found the character I'd been gearing up completely wiped from existence. Servers (those close enough to me that I get a good ping) also seem to be either overstuffed with players or practically empty, which makes finding a medium population server a challenge (I like having people around, but not tons of them).I'm still loving it. It's got the wonderful tension of spotting another player and having no real idea how they'll greet you, with a wave (or the request that you teach them to wave) or a hail of bullets. I hope it remains so for a while—over my many hours of DayZ it became less and less likely to run into a player who didn't immediately kill you on sight. And I'm not opposed to KOS, really. All's fair. I just love a game in which it isn't a foregone conclusion, and right now, Miscreated seems to have a healthy mix of friendly, indifferent, and non-friendly players. Here's hoping it stays that way."
76561198349329963,Recommended,299740,32764716,Posted: 25 June,all,Hermit Crab,Better than DayZ
,Recommended,299740,33506410,Posted: 13 July,all,slatt daddy,"here's a sum-up of my first day in miscreated-spawned in, met up with some non-hostile but mute survivor-he communicates with me via head-nods and flashlight clicks-be looting, run into another nonhostile survivor, he thanks us for not murdering him-gives me bow as token of appreciation, baller-new buddy becomes separated from group, went to go look for him-suddenly my silent friend gets dome'd as soon as we step into the open-great, an ambush-tacticool gear queer pops out of a building and begins shooting me, missing literally every shot from both his weapons-i can't figure out how to use the ♥♥♥♥in bow, even better-as he frantically shoots, i jump around trying to figure out the bow while simultaneously yelling over mic at this moron-he runs away while i call him a cross-eyed ♥♥♥♥♥♥-suddenly i get sniped-spawned in again, immediately began looting-find some gear, a garden gnome and a fire axe, notbad-be rummaging through supermarket for food-meet two well-equiped survivors and after discerning no one was hostile, we banded up and went to look for their other buddy-continue to loot, dudes give me tips, etc, jolly good time-get ambushed while searching, both of the other survivors get capped pretty much right off the bat-all i have is my stupid axe, ♥♥♥♥-run and hide, the ambush group flanks around to the opposite side of the building and spot me hiding behind a shelf♥♥♥♥ it-charge them with my axe like a coke'd up berserker, somehow they missed most of their shots-yelling over mic as i advance, they begin to frantically backpeddle as they try and take me out-finally got me, but w/e, the verbal abuse i got to launch at them while they pathetically tried to murk me was worth it, tbh-spawn AGAIN-this time try and avoid players, end up looting some decent stuff, shotgun, some good gear-figure now that i'm properly equipped, i'll be able to handle myself a lil better-enter city, lookin for some more guns, etc-see dude in street, decide to shadow him for a bit like i'm solid ♥♥♥♥in snake-even more solid at the thought of snatching his gear-decide however, i'm not gonna be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and maybe, just maybe, we'll be able to band up-wait until he's in a compromised position to approach-he sees me walk up, and realizes i could've murdered him 10 different ways til sunday-thanks me profusely for not murdering him""yah no prob, i'm not a♥♥♥♥♥♥like that""-his friend walks over while i'm chatting with his friend about what's been goin on in the AO-stares at me silently, like some kind of special ed child eyeing a pudding cup-♥♥♥♥in murders me with no promptwelp, so much for trust lol-spawn again, mildly annoyed by the lurid betrayal that just befell me but it's aigh, i have a big♥♥♥♥♥♥idc bout nothin-loot again, this time avoiding other players entirely-find some gear, but no weapons-be looting building when suddenly, a man in nothing but his underwear and a surgical mask pops out-""I'M NAKED"" , he informs me, astutely, as he tries to attack me-run in circles around the building, avoiding his punches""I'M NAKED, DON'T RUN""""♥♥♥♥ off ♥♥♥♥♥♥""-suddenly another dude pops up, notices the underwear man attempting to accost me, and joins the fight on my side-idc, i have too much gear to risk it, and just book it-the three of us run down the road in some bizarre, shouting conga line-third guy notices i'm heading towards Brightmoor,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out an dips-naked man eventually does the same, and i cut off in a total different direction, losing him-tend my wounds and wait, then head back towards Brightmoor-need to find guns, and fast-eventually find rifle and some other stuff-decide to return to where i was ambushed by the naked man, and see if i could get some quick revenge-naked man had not returned, so i began to loot-suddenly, i hear voices, and a lot of them, some male some female-not sure what to do, decide i might as well go out guns blazing instead of getting murdered for the millionth time-6 people, lol ♥♥♥♥ that-end up joining up with them, and we move out-chatting, joking, feels nice to have finally met some nonhostile people-at one point, we notice someone tailing us-pick them off from a distance, and then moved in to check the corpse with two of the guys from the group-realize it was one of the chicks from the original 6, who must've fallen behind and we never noticedlol rip-by the time we figured out that we killed the wrong person, the rest of the squad had disappeared leaving us behind-the 3 of us move out anyway, we're all well armed so figured we'd be fine-find a military truck, gather parts to repair it-nothing spectacular happens, murdered a couple dudes and linked up with a 4th man, but for the most part we were focused on loot and repairing the truck-finally get the parts we need, 4 of us head out-truck flips within like, 3 minutes of being on the roadlol rip-head out on foot, realize it'll be getting dark soon, and head out to make camp-finally make camp, cook up whatever meat we gathered from our hunt, and chill-we break camp, and head out to find a place to spend the night-by now it's dark as ♥♥♥♥, and i can't see worth♥♥♥♥♥♥-constant anxiety of getting murdered or losing the squad-eventually, we come upon hostile players and in the pitch black forest i become separated-decide best course of action is to sit and wait until i can spot a friend-see the silhouettes of other players a couple times, but cannot discern friend or foe-sitting there, as my food meter drains bellow 40%, decide i can't wait here forever and move to a nearby house to search for food-find nothing-someone finds me though, and fires, i struggle to return fire in the pitch black night, and bite itlol ripfigured that was enough for one day after thatlong story short, it's an alright game- the playerbase seems to have an even split between total bloodthirsty gear queers, and nicer people who are happy to help and just looking to have funthe game does turn into quite the walking simulator, as you aren't really compelled to do much of anything- survival is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, it's only when other players are in your area does the game become dangerousmy only major gripe is the absurd darkness of night- in spite of fiddling with a variety of settings, the night continues to be oppressively dark to the point that my screen is essentially black at almost all timesfor the $10 sale price i picked the game up at, i can definitely recommend itfor $20, eh, it just doesn't feel quite complete enough early access or notanyway, should you pick up the game, i leave you with this piece of advice-TRUST NO ONE"
76561198013423444,Recommended,299740,33300420,Posted: 5 July,all,Longmire,"Ooook,I have spent almost 60 hours in game and yes that may not be a lot, but I have played other games very very similar to Miscreated. I feel its time to write a review and get the word out on how this game is for those that may be on the fence about picking it up.First off, the graphics are pretty good. I feel they could be better when maxing out the view distances you still get the blank canvas when looking say at a hillside from distance the grass and trees seem to vanish which allows for the player to be spotted easily, I'm not sure any game of this type has ever really gotten this right, but in a city setting in close quarters the detail is very well put together. I find myself taking extra time just to check out the detail.Second, the sounds are really good, there are just some situations when the sound could be better....i.e.  Walking in boots compared to sneakers, the sound is the same, very loud boot sounds to give other players an advantage on knowing where you are. Also, when switching out from one weapon to another and droping an object like a can of food on the ground it's absurdly loud and can sound like you just dropped and anvil from the roof, so other players again can pinpoint your location super easy.The game allows first person as well as third which is always nice in games like this, but with your weapon at the ready bring the weapon up to aim seems to be clunky and takes a second longer than it should.The base building in the game is nothing special, there is no lower or raise, or tilt to walls, no snap building system to quickly and easily make the walls or floors uniform which really pings my OCD most times. They currently allow for building over road and rivers which is annoying but in reality can be done, but then again I can walk a lot more quiet in my chuck tylors converse than in steel toed boots.Now the meat of the game, Yes it's in Early Access so I am hoping to see these changes soon....There is no battle eye system or anti-hack system currently in place and within my first 60 hours I have seem to have run into a teleport type hack from only one player that was actually on an official server. He was in almost every location after I was killed the first time and so called ported close to my location 3 or 4 more times after. Spawning in the game is random and only takes 30 seconds to get back into game after you are killed. Some locations take 5 to 10 minutes to run to depending.Another exploit I fear is Duping, after hours of nothing but gathering I can only, if I am lucky get 30 to 40 rounds that will fit my gun. I have seen and been a part of gun fights where the groups that are already established in most cases will shoot and continue to shoot as if they have no ammo limit. Upon further investigation, filling your backpack, putting it on and taking it off in a fast pace multiple times then disconnecting, can actually give you a pack on your back and one with exactly the same items you had at your feet.Hopefully these things are already being looked at and get fixed I would hate for this game to end up being another DayZ Failalone. The game is still fun, and I continue to play it. It has actually come a long way since they first put this out on EA."
,Recommended,299740,33583444,Posted: 16 July,all,Smucky,My favourite purchase of the year so far.  This game has potential to suck up hours of your life.
76561198063155764,Recommended,299740,24280219,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,𝓲𝓵𝓵𝓮𝓼𝓽,yea idk bout' this one
,Recommended,299740,24585891,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Firehornet,This game would be perfect if they would fix the lag issues. And ammo needs to be less rare. Vehicles are very glitchy as well. Fix these things and the game would be perfect.
,Recommended,299740,33611409,Posted: 17 July,all,Gonahaikkis,Best survival game ever
76561197960785821,Recommended,299740,25200394,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ne0n,"37 Hours into the game.Spawned, got geared up, got shot after 15 hours gameplay, died, respawned, got geared up, built a base, go looting, get shot at, shoots back, steals quad, drives it to base, log out.day after,i log back in: base♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all cars gone, inventory loot stolen, message from admin that i can not shoot people that shoot at me? wtf?discontinues to play on that deutsche kampfkekse server. [DKK] clan <- not friendly!!!havent touched the game since.6/10"
76561198293138965,Recommended,299740,25861195,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,lesbian mom,Great game friend me
,Recommended,299740,26544359,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Erick_Sm_360,Great game! The Devs are really doing a good job!! Which is rare on games of gender...
,Recommended,299740,24631055,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Uncle R,"The game is really doing well, but still hopes to a Chinese official, sure you will do better more, and put action of riding a bicycle"
,Recommended,299740,24827230,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,HaeL,"As of right now, I would recommend this game, but not by much. The immersion and survival feeling of the game is far superior compared to all the other multiplayer survival games that I have played much of. This game is by no means a perfect game, but it takes features that other games lack in and raise the bar a little. The game is a typical survival game if you enjoy. This game is hard on the lone survivors and I would highly recommend buying a 4 pack with friends.I would break down the game like this.Pros:1). Immersion, (weather system/water/animal life), decent number of models and different houses. AWESOME downtown district.2). Guns are easy to find but ammo is not. So it is balanced so you don't get overrun by everyone.3). The devs come out with big hotfixing/content patches about once a month. 2 years of Early access and 37 patches in,4). There is no opening doors or cabinets, but the devs did a good job making a mini game out of finding loot inside houses.5). Runs really well off the CryengineCons.1). The Ai for the mutants still needs a lot of work. (This will be fixed in Alpha I assume)2). The gun shooting and damage intervals need fine tuning. (easily fixable)3). Bases are alittle TOO easy to break into.As you see the cons are things that can be easily worked on post Early access and beyond and I believe it will be and the game will get better. This game was hardly playable about a year ago, and it has been showing some progressive potential. I would recommend this game if you are already into survival games and would like to support good devs like from this game to continue making a solid survival game. So far this game has the highest review ratings amongst other multiplayer Survival games."
76561198049514136,Recommended,299740,25760317,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ਪੌੁਜਾਬੀ,"READ CAREFULLY (am gona write some true♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game)----This is the Best Survival Game i have Played ,Better then any other Survival Game Like Dayz,i Have Played Dayz And it was fun but this game is like a Polished Version With No glitches And Smooth Gameplay.The GRaphics Are Way too good Sometimes i Feel i am Playing The Last of Us.The People are Very Nice And Do Not KOS on sight (ofcourse there will be small amount of dumbasses Who WOULD)BaseBuilding is Good But needs Some Improvement (for me i dont care about base building i just like roaming the MAP)i Would Recommend This Game to All people who Love Survival Games AND Intense Moments.This Game Has a large Potential And The developers Are very good listeners as they update the Game Regularly And listen to The People."
,Recommended,299740,25805860,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pricefield,This game makes my skin crawl when people yelling  while chasing me.
,Recommended,299740,26303318,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,tim.s.44,well never wrote a review before but can tell you that this game will not run with a duel core.tried but it studdered alot and just wasnt playable.cant say if game is good or not but hope this helps someone as to weather to buy or not. but even if it doesnt work can gat refund.
,Recommended,299740,26549143,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JUMENTO ALEGRE,"Jogo simplesmente incrivel, gráficos lindos até na qualidade ""Low"", porém tem alguns bugs que devem ser corrigidos com o tempo. Vale bastente a pena comprar esse jogo para quem curti um jogo de survival, com um cenario espetacular um grande diversidade de coisas e climas!"
,Recommended,299740,30470059,Posted: 12 March,all,Omnicient Ricefield,"This is a very good game, much better with friends wnd even better with time"
,Recommended,299740,25172436,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,doomfulla,"Only things I have done in this game are taking an hour to meet up with my buddy, trek down to the airfield all the while searching for vehicles and weapons, then moments before we got a truck running getting jumped by 2 dudes with handguns and popped. And yet I had the most fun I've had in some time playing a video game.Can't wait to get some more hours in on this game, recommend playing with a friend/friends."
76561198304630588,Recommended,299740,25368022,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,B_---- (MonsterEnergy),"The game Miscreated is a post apocalypse free roam fps survival game. I don't have a lot of hours in this game but, I have over 2,000 hrs in fps survival games in general. I would highly recomend this game to people, but please note that it is in early alpha (like most games on pc) and there are bugs here and there. I really wanted to make this review because I needed to tell the Devs. about a serious issue in the game. When you create a base you can only put one chest down....... to me this is a buzz kill, and needs to be corrected. If you can only have 1 chest in your entire base and can only have 1 base in a server than it is extremely frustrating to come across good gear, and then have to leave it behind because you dont have space for it. You may argue that youi can stack up cars in a base (and I have done that), but a land claim sign only gets you enough for 6 transport trucks. Also on the server restart all the oil, and gas disapears and is rediculous! Overall the game play for Miscreated is fantastic, but it is the small things that make a game better as well."
,Recommended,299740,25408343,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Capn Flid,real good fams
76561197960301920,Recommended,299740,25659311,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,stuz10k,"Only played a small amount of hours, but liking it so far! Enjoying the idea that you are on your own, having to fend for yourself!"
,Recommended,299740,28032452,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DEER1JET,"Lets talk about miacreated.  I will break my review down into several parts.First the world and atmosphere.  The game takes place on orca island.  There are a couple of towns, rural buildings, and other assorted buildings.  Connecting these are a series of roadways and trails.  Surrounding all of this is a lot of woods.  Overall the map is pretty big.  Maybe as big as Fallout 3's map.  As for the atmosphere it is lovely.  The buildings are not too run down, the fact of the apocalypse happend is not overwhelming.  Making exploration really fun and relaxing.Next is the gameplay.  The gameplay is very simalar to Bethesda's open world RPGs.  Mind you the game is in alpha so the gameplay is not overly complex.  Basically you find a building, loot said building, move on to next building.  Its kind of dry and rinse and repeat.  The combat is okayish.  The UI is trash.  Gameplay is really lacking but this game is in alpha so its okay.Conclusion.  Miscreated is a game that has endless potential.  Dont pay full price though.  At this point in devolpment its not really that worth it.  Wait until a sale were you can potentially get it for 10$.Even if you dont enjoy it just riding around the island on a bike is really fun."
,Recommended,299740,30195181,Posted: 26 February,all,Admiral Gadoosh,Spent my first hour playing this game hiding in a bush watching two people trying to salvage all the parts for a bus. Kept stealing the parts when they went hunting again and returned to my bush.  Just sat back and watched them go mental at each other for stealing the parts. Eventualy stole the bus when I had all the parts. And my wife says I'm wasting my life.
,Recommended,299740,24813855,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MrFusion,"Where to begin...First, I had to move away from DayZ.  I felt that after many years sitting in Alpha, I was very disappointed in the lack of effort to make the graphics stable.  I wanted an experience that was similar, but with a more consistent FPS and use of my system (32GB) and graphics card (4GB) RAM.Miscreated has become a more enjoyable experience.  Yes, you have to get over the issue of many whitelisted servers, but the game itself runs a lot smoother than DayZ ever did.  The mutants in this game have a much more sensible aggro range than the zombies in DayZ.  There are many things to improve upon, like the inventory and crafting, but the bare bones of this game have great potential.I plan to give it more time to see how the developers improve upon the game, but it's definitely worth the price of the Alpha access."
76561198176938418,Recommended,299740,25133378,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,A Generic Carbon Based Lifeform,"One of the best games I've played. I would definitely recommend it, however, it is still in development so there are little problems here and there but overall it's great."
,Recommended,299740,25141657,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ACatNamedLyle,"I've never played a better looking, more fun, early access game!"
76561198215647937,Recommended,299740,25259652,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Trystan,"Fun game with an awesome art style,Lots of kos though :/ 8/10"
,Recommended,299740,25303162,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[SCO]Jimbo,"More enjoyable than other supposedly ""survival"" games"
76561198096256484,Recommended,299740,25405776,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Strolla,Feels a little like DayZ but with updates and way better
,Recommended,299740,25405857,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fieldster,Cool game. A lot more fun with friends. Runs very smooth. Crafting is awesome. No server lag.
76561198304420169,Recommended,299740,25409519,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Fric,interesting game all praise ..... has a lot of bugs but is still alpha gameand I play everything until the cocoa cited for this game!
,Recommended,299740,25673510,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Moz,"better than before, just give it a shot"
,Recommended,299740,25700547,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,tdues,"One of the most exciting and fun survival games I've played in awhile. To me it stands out from the vast legion of post-apocalyptic multiplayer survival games out there and so far 100+ hours in I've been having a blast.Things I enjoy about Miscreated:1)You are weak and fragile when you spawn into the game, but not for long. If you get a lucky spawn location you can quickly find the means to defend yourself and if you take a poor unsuspecting soul with a lot of gear off guard you are quickly armed to the teeth and ready to rock. You are your own greatest ally and your own worst enemy, trust no-one and tread carefully. You only keep the gear you deserve to have through patience and careful strategy.2)Base building is snap-free, allowing players to create whatever kind of base they can imagine unrestrained from a snapping grid. You can make a base truly your own with the game's building system. There are rare crafting guides located randomly around the map that allow you make a strong fortified base.3)The world is filled with intense paranoia.The game does an excellent job of balancing areas where you may feel relatively at ease and city regions where there could be a bandit lurking around any corner. In my experience of 113 hours as of this review I have felt there was a good balance of action, base building, and quiet looting considering the size of the map and the 36 player limit.(I expect in the future when the map grows and ultimately covers the entire island, so will the allowed player limit.)Things that could use some work:1)Base-building exploits.As of update #40, players are able to float platforms and containers by stacking platforms and removing the platforms below the highest placed one. It's surely an exploit the developers did not intend to include within the constraints of base-building and gives players who know about it an unfair advantage over those who build physically feasible bases.2)Variety of buildings and locations.You will loot the same house layouts over and over again. Of course they're located in different towns with different possible risks which keeps each excursion interesting, but if you're on a low population server or playing alone it can get monotonous searching the same interiors often.3)Animations.As of update #40 there is no pedaling animation for the bike, making it feel a lot like a lofty space cycle that glitches on curbs sometimes. Switching through weapons offers some weird animations. Mutant animations have been improved with update #40, but sometimes can look floaty and unconvincing. Not railing too hard on this as the game rolls through early access, but this is something I expect to be improved before the game sees its full release.The Verdict:Overall what matters most to me when I consider recommending or not recommending a multiplayer game is if I'm having fun and if the game offers new experiences every day. Both are true for Miscreated, and soI recommend the game.While there are exploits with the base-building system, a lack of variety in the many building interiors, and an incomplete/sometimes awkward set of animations these problems are not glaring enough for me to not enjoy playing the game.Miscreated is a game that will surely delight those interested in the post-apocalyptic/survival genre. While the game contains many visual similarities to the likes of H1Z1/DayZ it ultimately plays as a unique game. Entrada Interactive seems dedicated to finishing the title, releasing a new update every 2/3 weeks, and addresses many of the complaints and concerns of the community in their updates ahead of anything else. This is a game with solid core gameplay that will only improve as more complexity and variety is added to it. It succesfully delivers to the player moments of real adrenaline and paranoia, where the apocalypse feels real and your worst enemy is humanity."
76561198025515665,Recommended,299740,26241686,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,J- CA$H,"Very similar to Day Z, but better (in some ways).Put it this way, if you like Day Z, you will DEF like this.Both need some work, but i'd recommend this over DZI rate the game 7/10 solid."
,Recommended,299740,28123916,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,nach,I agree
76561198123299774,Recommended,299740,29332791,Posted: 18 January,all,"Excuse Me, Is That Halal",fix the ♥♥♥♥ing ladders you ♥♥♥♥ heads
76561198336644166,Recommended,299740,29536362,Posted: 28 January,all,r!na,so good game <3
,Recommended,299740,29619107,Posted: 31 January,all,Honk Mountain,"This game is really good for how early in its development it is. But there are a few flaws. I think there should be snap rotation when building bases, and also how you are limited to one storage crate per base. Another issue I found was when I log off and back on, all the fuel and oil in my vehicle is gone. Those are the only flaws. But otherwise, this game is a pretty solid 9/10. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys the survival genre."
76561198181642243,Recommended,299740,30202022,Posted: 26 February,all,mindytaylor85,Love it if you  Like survival games this is the one for you
76561198110950754,Recommended,299740,24555228,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ChrisPbacon,i like the game alot yes needs more work but a good buy in my books
,Recommended,299740,24809806,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,sus,great game!
,Recommended,299740,24827954,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,PeptR*,"(BUY THIS GAME)Lets get started with miscreated, money well spent, great graphics, monsters scare the ♥♥♥♥ out of you and are strong, players are either completely friendly or just kos no inbetween, bikes are cool, looting system is accurate and yet to try out building.... looks promising though.... Australian servers are great and active.... nice to see more up and more aussies playing."
