user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,299950,32641857,Posted: 22 June,all,Moxd,"What an incredibly important game. Nothing like what I was expecting, it rides a line between walking simulator, puzzler, and stealth fps.What I wasn't expecting most a feels train. What an emotional ride. I got to the midway point and couldn't put it down, I finished the game in a single sitting (which would explain the lower price) but WELL worth it for the experience. Just beautiful."
76561198048974498,Recommended,299950,32991661,Posted: 29 June,all,rjmacready,"If you're looking for a super-dark thriller with a strong story, look no further. Before we revel in the positives, however, a couple of negative observations:The first level of this game functions largely as a tutorial - as well as important backstory - but it's only in the latter of these tasks that it is fully successful. There's a lot of different mechanics to learn in the game, and it arguably foists too many of these on you too quickly, without properly explaining some of them. It's all a bit trial-and-error in other words...which ought to please the anti-""handholding"" brigade no end, but might prove initially frustrating to the rest of us.Many a game in recent years has proven that you CAN teach a player a complicated series of mechanics in a manner which is very clear, while still remaining true to narrative flow and organic gameplay (Dead Space springs immediately to mind). The ""scanning"" function of your in-game camera, for example, didn't become clear to me until I was up to the second level, so there's a good chance I missed some minor details prior to that (nothing essential, though).Secondly, am I the only gamer who's sick of autosave-only functions? I had a Steam overlay problem a few times throughout the game - basically once it was up, I couldn't get rid of it - and when I exited and returned to the game, I would be thrown several minutes back in gameplay. Am I really the only person in gaming history to suffer such indignities thanks to the imperfections of technology, combined with the pig-headed stubbornness of developers?Please, if you're gonna do the autosave thing, make it FREQUENT enough that we don't lose minutes of progress through no fault of our own (I also got stuck on scenery a couple of times towards the end of the game). Better yet, allow us some manual saves as well, and multiple saves at that. What happens if that one and only save gets corrupted? We either start the game again or give up altogether...a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ scenario either way. Always give your player at least two possible saves to return to, a la Alien: Isolation. At the very, very, VERY least. Cheers.Positives. Where to start? Genuinely compelling storyline, excellent voice acting and sound design, immersive graphics...and highly varied gameplay. Some of you are probably wondering: is this a first person shooter? A stealth game? A puzzle-adventurer? Failing all that, a walking simulator? Well...it's all of those, really.So if you're looking for no action whatsoever, maybe not the game for you. If you're looking for non-stop action...DEFINITELY not the game for you. But if you don't mind a variety of tones ranging from high-octane stealth-action through to super-moody, suspenseful exploration whilst pedantically poring over areas for clues, then this may well be one of the best purchases you'll make this year (or just about any other).Oh, and if you want to play the ""this reminds me of"" game, I'll say a mixture of Condemned, Outlast, F.E.A.R., Metal Gear Solid, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and the Saw video game I half-played some years back on the PS3. Were YOU to play it, however, you'd probably come up with a list all your own which might be just as valid.On the whole, pretty much a must-have for all serious fans of dark 'n' dirty games. Just make sure you're patient with your first session, though, as it's a bit of a steep learning curve. Beyond that: horror/thriller gaming at its very best.Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,299950,32778684,Posted: 25 June,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"What is real? That's the game's tagline and it permeates throughout the game. Going through memories, exploring the past you never know what to expect. This is psychological thriller at its finest. The game has some slight horror themes and creepy atmosphere but it is not a horror game. It actually is a multitude of genres. Part adventure, puzzle solving, fps it does all these very well and tells an amazing story as well. In fact this game is heavily focused on story that some of the gameplay seems like an afterthought but that doesnt mean it isn't fun to play. The shooting mechanics are nothing new or exciting but some of the weapons like the corner gun are fun if a tad bit difficult to use at times. The graphics while not the best still look pretty good. It isn't a triple AAA game by any means but it looks decent and has some cool particle effects and visual effects at time. The sound design however is a huge plus. The sounds from footsteps to the sound of guns are all great and sound heavy. The music is also one of the best things about the game. It's a great soundtrack and just fit so well with the game. There is even a track that follows the characters loud breathing and one that follows wit a ticking clock. It's just so unique and sounds wonderful. The length of the game is good as well. It took me around 7 hours or so to reach the credits but I still don't know the full story as there is a ton of documents and items to find to fill in the blanks. A little plus I liked is once you find all the clues in a memory, you unlock a code which you can then enter the same memory and find an optional door that unlocks more back story and even new guns for your ""mind palace"" the mind palace is alittlw hub of information on the memories you've been to and your gun locker. It's a neat little place an reminds me of Sherlock. The best thing in this game though, aside from the Excellent soundtrack (seriously it's that good!) Is the story. It has so many moments where youll be confused, sad, angry and just what the hell is going on. O don't want to say to much about it because this game is super easy to spoil. Just know that it's worth experiencing. There are a few issues like dumb ai and muddy textures bit overall no real complaints Im so glad this game was worth the wait and you can see how much detail and complexity the story offers. It's a great little game and again it's not a AAA title. It's actually half the price of a full game at $29.99. it's well worth the money and time just to experience something different and unique. I highly recommend this one as it offers one of if not the best story in an fps, an amazing soundtrack and lengthy experience.Three reasons to play this game:1.	Story.2.	Music.3.	Graphics.Note:Ending is choice made  once you almost reach the end of the game.Conclusion:I do not know if in any game I've heard better voice acting than Get EvenThe great plus of Get Even is that you never know which card the game will play in a moment. The script and music are so good that I want more."
,Recommended,299950,33016433,Posted: 29 June,all,Bini Inibitor,"After playing a fair amount, I managed to complete the game and gather most of the collectibles in the game (a few are hidden so well apparently, I failed to find them even after replaying them multiple times).As for myself, I have waited quite some time for a game with this kind of theme.This review stays as spoiler free as possible, telling only things that are either given by trailers already, or necessary to get an overall grip over the story line.OverviewGet Even is a First Person Shooter with simple stealth mechanics.  There is a strong focus on a mysterious, thrilling story line which develops into a more and more emotional trip as you progress further into the game. Although the game states being ""psychological horror"" and a few situations clearly gave me a little jump, you don't need to prepare yourself for a scary game.PlotYou are Cole Black, a mercenary hired and dropped off at an abandoned warehouse. You have one task, saving the girl.As you make your way through the building, you encounter hostile military mercenaries guarding the girl, until you finally make it to the girl. Unfortunately it is to late and the bomb strapped to her explodes.You survive the explosion, but not without consequences. You have lost nearly all your memories and you wake up at a run-down asylum. There you make contact with a man called Red through TV screens. He straps a device on your head, which should help your treatment, recollecting your memories. You are not alone, since other ""patients"" with the same device house in this asylum aswell. But it soon turns out, most of them are hostile towards you. During your stay Red hands pictures out, which by focusing on them, help you remembering parts of your memory.The further you take your treatment the more things start to get... strange. Is everything you encounter real? And if so, are those really your memories? Why is this girl so important and who is Red exactly?GameplayGet Even's locations are divided into multiple levels and they can be put into two categories basically: The asylum and the memory fragments.While your progress through the levels you will find collectibles called ""evidence"". They help understanding things around the storyline more, while also delivering codes, if you gather all of them in one level. Traversing through the asylum is slow, but tense; you may discover disturbing things around each corner. Sometimes you have to solve puzzles which revolve around gadgets on your phone.During your memories, actions are more straightforward, although you can choose to either go loud or go stealth.Shooting your way through might be easier, but you risk destroying evidence by doing so as hinted by Red.Between levels you can return to a hub, where you can replay previously completed maps and gather evidence you might have missed.The shooting mechanic feels good. Don't expect it to be too fleshed like in let's say Battlefield, but it certainly gets the job done. Not too many weapons, but at least a gun for every genre. Pistols, automatic rifles, a shotgun, a sniper rifles and even silenced guns.The stealth mechanic is fairly simple. Stay out of the enemies field of view, while they patrol and keep your sound to a minimum. Running will make them notice you quicker, but you can take them out safely with silenced weapons.You can basically solve all situations without killing anybody, while some encounters in the asylum are inevitable.GraphicsGraphics don't look bad, effects look good, and details in the building are stunning, but you can clearly see Unreal Engine 3's age. Textures aren't high-res. Although the developers announcement promised photorealistic graphics, textures and background environment weren't included it seems.Animations are mixed. Many animations are purely functional, while some look good, especially those in first person.But all in all, nothing too great.The game's engine is quite old now, so you can expect good framerates, even on older systems most of the time. Changing locations during a level can cause stutter and framedrops though, I guess this comes from unloading unnecessary parts of the level to improve performance.SoundSound design is a highlight for me. Guns sound good and the sounds that accompany the effects fit just fine. The soundtrack is just impressive, it suits perfectly and helps building up the tension during situations with one exception, when some pop culture music comes up during a shootout in a let's say depressive level.Voice acting was the part that blew me away. The voice actors clearly knew what to do, when speaking their roles, especially in very emotional scenes. You can clearly feel the impact and I even felt bad at the end, just because they sounded so believable. As for Black and Red, it certainly helps character development.Technical AnnoyancesWhile playing the game a few things bugged me aswell as the game.Bugs and dev decisions alike worsened the otherwise great experience. It is not uncommon to get stuck into objects like tables. I even got stuck in the first level in a table while scanning evidence. While restarting will fix it, starting from a checkpoint miles away just gets tedious the longer you play. This should be their main priority when patching the gameOnce I got stuck into a small room, because the door closed behind me and the other one refused to open, restarting fixed it though.I even encountered a game breaker at one point, I don't know if it is intentional. At one point you through a small park while wooden mannequins patrol the area. If you do it normal, one will spawn behind you at the door way, blocking the way back in into the building. If you walk backwards though, while looking at the door step constantly, the mannequin won't spawn and all the other ones in the park won't do anything, letting you pass without any fight.Also the FoV is a bit too small for my taste. It feels too zoomed in and it gets in the way rather than supporting the claustrophobic situation at times.SummaryI really had a blast playing Get Even and I can recommend the game without doubts.If you are just in for the shooting and don't care much about everything else, I say stay away.But you don't want to miss out this hell of an experience.This is one of my new favourite games and could be one of the best games in 2017, especially when they iron out the bugs.For 30 Bucks you really can't do anything wrong, compared to most titles that come out for 60."
,Recommended,299950,32666720,Posted: 22 June,all,Hammercorps,"Get Even has proven itself to be quite possibly the most difficult game to review that I've done. It's so tightly narrative focused that to talk about why I loved it is nigh impossible to do without spoilers, but I'll stay as free of them as I can.Throughout my playthrough of Get Even, I was reminded over and over again of one game in particular, that being Frictional Games' SOMA. That game, much like Get Even, was, at its core, a rather mechanically derivative horror title held up by one of the most thought-provoking narratives I've experienced, one that's still turning in my head long after I'd finished it. Get Even is much the same way.Mechanically, it's not the best game I've ever played. Various people who worked on the game claimed that “it's not a shooter, not a puzzle game, not a horror game, not a walking sim, nothing you've ever played.” While it's true that Get Even is difficult to classify, it's not exactly a never-before seen experience. The truth is, it includes all of these elements in the game, though combat is the one seen most often. It's also, thankfully, pretty enjoyable. While the enemy types are a bit boring, and the weapons nothing special, the Cornergun, which lets you aim around corners to avoid getting hit (you die extremely fast in this game,) is a wonderful idea I hope to see more games do. The other elements, puzzles, exploration, etc. are all pretty standard and nothing you haven't seen before, they're all in service to the game's story, instead of the other way around.And this is most definitely a story worth experiencing. It's billed as a thriller about uncovering the truth  behind a tragic incident through an Inception-style exploration of memories, complete with themes of corporate espionage and betrayal, underneath all this is a heartbreaking and extremely personal story about love and loss. I can't go into much more without spoiling, but suffice to say it's one that I'll be thinking about for a very long time afterwards.Visually, the game looks alright. It's use of photogammetry is nice, but the fact that it runs on the dated Unreal Engine 3 somewhat tanks the visual experience. The music, however, is wonderful, a beautiful mix of orchestral and electronic, and is easily one of the best scores in recent memory.So, should you play Get Even? I'm sure you know I highly recommend it, but only if you want to experience one of the best stories gaming has to offer. If you're looking at it because you were a fan of The Farm 51's previous action-oriented games, this is most definitely not that. It's a much slower-paced game that plays a bit clunky at times, but if you were a fan of SOMA for the narrative, or want something very different than the usual crop of games out there, then give Get Even a go."
76561198040938272,Not Recommended,299950,32646523,Posted: 22 June,all,devoiden,"The art style looked really good, I especially enjoyed the mannequins and the painted pictures. Stealth gameplay was quite fun as well, but I didn't really utilize it that much, just went in guns blazing instead. The different 'apps' for the camera were quite fun as well, wish there were some more puzzles to use them in.After attacking someone all other enemies that got alerted knew exactly where you were at, as soon as you peek out from a dark corner they immediately start shooting at you, even if you run around out of sight and pop up somewhere else. Felt like the enemies had x-ray vision.I enjoyed the aesthetics of the asylum but it really felt like walking through a long corridor, not very many places where you could stray from the intended area.The most annoying thing I noted in my playthrough was that you sometimes would randomly get stuck in walls and corners unable to move. Only way to get out is to load the last checkpoint, usually not a big deal but I got stuck several times during long story segments and had to listen to the dialogue multiple times.The game was very short, not very many puzzles in it sadly. Maybe if you are invested in the story you might get something out of it, but I couldn't really get into it."
,Recommended,299950,33212634,Posted: 3 July,all,Darby,"Heavy, deep. Quality game with an exciting story reminiscent of Inception and Shutter Island. Great score. Wow...One problem: Wtf is that pop song that plays midway through the game?.... So out of place, yet hilarious. My sides are in orbit."
,Recommended,299950,33531650,Posted: 14 July,all,Ggdograa,"Incredibly captivating and well told story, with lots of revelations, mind ♥♥♥♥ing and plot twists. It's just a shame the gameplay doesn't really have the same level of quality. Outside of the cinematics and ingame moments of exposition, you will be sneaking around mercenaries for 90% of the time or collecting clues with your smart phone. It becomes incredibly tedious and unenjoyable and just makes the moments where the next story element comes to light, seem much more important.Still worth checking out for gamers with patience and those willing to accept the bad along with the good.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a7q1MBMWe0"
76561198060439320,Recommended,299950,33150111,Posted: 2 July,all,FYRF,"Get Even is a hard sell: it's definitely not going to be for everyone but I would recommend that everyone at least give it a try. For me, personally, it's great. More than worth the price. The story is so unique and fantastically written, directed, and paced and can only have as much impact as it does as a video game: simply making this one a book or a film just wouldn't cut it. That said, the gameplay is where this one falls short, as many others have said: it's primarily a stealth game but the stealth mechanics aren't so well implemented. That, combined with the game actively scolding you for going a more combat-centric route, adds up to some frustrating gameplay segments. How much that actually means to you will depend on how invested you are in the story and characters.No doubt about it: the writing, the characters, the music, those are where this game's at. The game isn't that long, anyway: if you power through it without going back through levels or hunting for achievements, you'll beat it in six or seven hours. Give it a shot if the premise intrigues you and you can generally let a game's story make up for its lackluster gameplay."
76561198275350512,Recommended,299950,34172623,Posted: 11 August,all,Wheat_Thin,This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. It's right up there with SOMA in terms of fascinating new mechanics and incredible story. This game is incredibly innovative in terms of gameplay and puzzle solving and the music/ambient noise just adds to the atmosphere. Play this game with a good pair of headphones if possible. I highly recommend this game.
76561198102008250,Recommended,299950,33920616,Posted: 30 July,all,cuba.sz,"Amazingly well told story. I still haven't finished the game, but it's really, I mean REALLY, captivating. Great atmosphere. The game feels like detective movie twisted with ideas from Inception, 12 monkeys etc. If you're into this kind of things, it's definietly worth checking out!Pros:- Very interesting story that just keeps you playing.- Great atmosphere.- Simply astonishing audio - both dubbing and soundtrack are over the top here.- Some interesting locations. Scanning real location (even though graphics quality is only ok+) gave some interesting results.- Some clever gameplay ideas like corner gun or smartphone usage.- Great mix of many game genres.Cons:- Graphics, especially models could be better. It's still not bad though.- The shooting part is pretty mediocre, but not bad by any means. It's not FPS though.- Occasionally you get some bugs like you get glued to the texture :)Highly recommended for people looking for interesting store presented in a very innovative way.To Farm51 (if they read such comments):It's really difficult to come across your game. Seems like the publisher is not really interested in selling it.."
76561198039257186,Recommended,299950,34498390,Posted: 26 August,all,Venictus,"There are a lot of people in the review section that can more elegantly review a game.This is my first review of a game on Steam. Simply put, I very much enjoyed ""Get Even"".I think the best element in my mind concerning the game is the voice acting. Specifically the ending.If you want a griping story, an amazing sound track, solid narrative pacing, you can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,299950,33105598,Posted: 1 July,all,GhostEnder98,"This is a Super good game with a really Great story and very Memorable Characters, the story is slightly hard to understand at first and there are a few moments that have me Questioning what's going on, but other than that, it is a really good Psychological Thriller/Mystery game, It is not much of a horror game but more of a Thriller game at most, it is Most Recommended to pick this game up, 9 1/2 out of 10.Pros:+Great Story+Great Atmosphere+Very Memorable Characters"
76561198087345773,Recommended,299950,34082098,Posted: 7 August,all,sunny29990,"Ok, so let me start right off the bat that is is not a game for everyone. Its titled as an ""action"" game but that's the least of what it is. Its a game based on exploration and some deep storytelling. And our protagonist has to piece together all the puzzles to get the clear picture of what exactly happened. Its a sort of detective based creepy/horror game though not scary in a traditional sense. Anyone looking for jumpscares or monsters will be dissappointed.1-Story- Those of you who are looking for an amazing story with rich and relatable characters will find it a great gem. The story is explored with great mystery and the way all the details connect in the end gave it a great Hitchcock/Fincher vibe. There are very few games out there who take the game's story on such an engaging and emotional level. This is one of those games. The developers took a great risk here by eliminating actions, explosions etc and focusing on the story and exploration. Some of the levels are basically walking from one part to another and uncovering things as you go along. No action. They did a good job with the story else the game would have been boring quick.2-Combat-Combat sections are a little clunky in this game which led to a little frustation as the game basically motivates you not to engage or kill any enemies. Even when you do engage in a fight (as the game gives you a lot of weapons to try out) it feels a little unpolished. Also, the stealth section of the game is pretty hard and definitely requires patience and observance to get through. One weapon i have to say takes the cake in this game is the Cornergun..which if you play you will know how awesome it is :).  Also you get some achievments and the game's good ending if you proceed the game with stealth or minimal kills.3-Graphics- I always prefer gameplay over graphics and therefore I found them to be good. I did encounter a few glitches where the main character would randomly get stuck while passing doors and I had to reload the whole checkpoint to get past it. On reading through the steam forums I found that some people experienced this problem. I had no issues while playing this game, however, the game's FPS tends to drop a lot in outdoor areas below 60 irrespective of the video card. Indoors the game works smooth. As the graphics were not that high tech I did not expect that to happen. Hope the developers release a patch soon which fixes this issue as most of the stealth and combat takes place in outside areas. In indoor areas its basically exploration and puzzle solving.4- Sound and atmosphere- The sound and the music is truly exceptional. The music makes use of simple sounds like breathing etc and makes it into a looping playback. The other thing which is awesome in this game is the Cemetery level with the awesome song in the background (You have to play it to experience it :) ). The sound of the inmates coupled with the music makes it truly scary and warns of impending danger the more you move towards your objective. The music resonates and increases in intensity the more you move forward. The atmosphere and the way you use your cell phone to solve clues definitely reminded me of ""Condemned:Criminal Origins"" but apart from that its a fresh take in the FPS genre.If you are looking for something new in the games genre and want a completely focused story based experience give this one a try you won't be dissapointed."
76561197975902251,Recommended,299950,33782609,Posted: 25 July,all,DeMaulwurfn∴,Mystery thriller with a very good story and action...  9.5 / 10
,Recommended,299950,32790960,Posted: 25 June,all,Rick,I lost faith in video games for the last few years. That was long and painfull. Thanks to this masterpiece the wait and pain is over now
76561198154698889,Recommended,299950,33158495,Posted: 2 July,all,Nattmal,"If you are looking for a shooting horror game don't just don't buy this. But if you love psycho sci-fi thrillers with some action some stealth that keeps you under pressure and makes ou think then this is your game. I think i even didn't described very well, one thing is certain, the main protagonist of this game is the story, if you are looking for a good ""interactive movie"" this is it.Graphically it's not very impressive but it has charm and a good ambient, nice puzzles, and it keeps you on edge.Well i'm not a good reviewer i'm mostly here to show my support for this game i really like it a lot and the soundtrack is worth buying it's very nice. I would give it a 8\10."
,Recommended,299950,33466735,Posted: 11 July,all,OppsIfartedAgain,"I wish movies were more like this storyline. Great price and great characters. Makes you go ""WTF"" every chapter. Think inception but even a little more crazier. SOLID GAME! Great job to all the creators! TWO THUMBS UP!"
,Recommended,299950,34853931,Posted: 9 September,all,Shiren the Siren,"Im gonna start off first and foremost saying that i did not enjoy this game but I did not enjoy it because I was under the impression it was something entirely different then what it was going in. I watched a few trailers and other videos and it made it seem to be a bit of a action fps with a lot of horror aspects to it. No, its a stealth game that gives you a awesome shiney toy youre not allowed to use if you want the good ending while having this idea of psychological horror thrown in. I dont really think the designers understand what psychological horror is.That all being said the game does what its meant to do VERY WELL. Its an excellent game in its own right I just didnt enjoy it because i thought it was somethign entirely different. So do not let that first paragraph tell you to not get it just be aware its really not what some of the trailers will make it seem to be.The story is actually really good even though i did not get to far in it this is very clearly a story driven game which i usually love but again, wasnt looking for that when i got this. The game will keep you slowed down pretty heavily if you play like they want you to and not guns blazing.The phone and the apps were pretty cool and a neat gimmik that you dont see to often in games.The shooting feels really good. The gadgets and weapons feel really good and all in all this could very well could be turned into an action fps with a few tweaks to the core gameplay.The voice acting is PHENOMINAL. For a 30 dollar game the voice acting is utterly brilliant.All that said it is a 30 dollar game, and looks good and plays very well. I cant speak for how long the game is, but again its a 30 dollar game so you get what you expect from that but you dont you get so much more. Ive paid full 60 dollars for games that arent anywhere near as well polished as this.I don't really have any real draw back or negatives for the game other then it just wasnt what i was expecting.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,299950,34568147,Posted: 28 August,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Bandai Namco isn't a publisher that is exactly known for releasing horror games, which makes Get Even their debut into the genre; unless you care to take into account the hit puzzle-platformer Little Nightmares. Released on Steam in late June of 2017, Get Even is a psychological horror/mystery title that mixes elements of first-person shooters, stealth, walking simulators, and detective games. In theory, the genre meshing sounds like it would make for an intriguing adventure, but how well does it work out when put to the test?For the majority of the game, you take control of Cole Black; a contracted killer who also doubles as a security guard for a technology company. The only memory that Black has is trying to save a girl that he finds in a basement, who has a bomb strapped to her torso. Although he fails to save her, Black survives the blast and wakes up in an insane asylum with only one voice of guidance; a man simply known as Red. As Black progresses through the institution, he slowly uncovers more of his memories that surround the event and circumstances of the captured girl, all the while the mysterious voice of Red urges him to continue onward.Bandai Namco's partnership with developer The Farm 51 should be the first indication that Get Even isn't going to be an out-of-this-world experience; their catalog of releases is medicre at best, consisting of the two part NecroVision series, Deadfall Adventures, and the more successful Painkiller: Hell & Damnation reboot. That being said, Get Even isn't a horrible game by any means, but rather it flounders around in the abyss of mediocrity; it occasionally rises up to meet expectations, but then it sinks back down again to par, and sometimes sub-par, standards. This is due largely in part of the mish-mashing of gameplay genres, a feat that can work out well if done correctly, and the storytelling that gives birth to a convoluted plot that eventually gets explained, but then continues on for far too long.It should also be noted that the three provided trailers on the store page are vastly misleading in terms of what this title is actually about and how it really plays. You may have the first impression that Get Even is equipped with a heavy Condemned: Criminal Origins influence, and while that connection is undeniable in some areas of the game, it is not as prevelant as any official footage would lead one to believe. There's also an unmistakable presence of horror in the videos that isn't actually included in the game, the best that it gets are a couple of well placed jumpscares and the rest can be classified as 'psychological action thriller' in the vein of Murdered: Soul Suspect; though with more deteriorated environments.In some areas of Get Even you will have a gun, but at all times the developer has intended for you to be stealthy so that you can get the ""good ending"" when you finally finish your 7-8 hour excursion. In other areas, you will be exploring  locations with your phone and using it to scan objects for evidence. At other times, you will simply be walking around, experiencing memories of events. Choosing to be as stealthy as possible, as well as finding all of the evidence in each chapter, will extend your gameplay time to around 13-15 hours. The playtime-to-price ratio is exceptionally generous, especially when considering that the game's optimization is top tier and the graphics are high grade; at fully maxed settings at 1080p resolution, I experienced nothing less than 144 FPS at all times on my GTX 1080/i7-6700k rig.Bringing it back around to the plot of the game, Get Even tries too hard during its early stages to be needlessly mysterious. Though you are uncovering Black's broken, fragmented memories, the overwhelming amounts of ""who are they talking about now?"" ""who the frig is this person?"" and general inability to understand even the most simplistic version of what is actually going on will turn a lot of people off during the first few hours. Though everything is eventually explained in great detail, the title continues to explain the same things over, and over, and over, and over again to make sure that audiences understand; this leads to the entire experience dragging on for much too long.In other words, Get Even really doesn't do anything to reinvent the horror wheel, or even contribute to its advancement. It's a mash-up of ideas that have already been executed well by Condemned: Criminal Origins, Murdered: Soul Suspect, Assassin's Creed, Stairs, and many other titles. Additionally, genre meshing doesn't make this game any more or less interesting, and the storytelling could use some work. Neither Black or Red are captivating characters by any means, nor are any of the eccentric psychos that you will meet around the insane asylum. While playtime versus price is exceptional, the rest of Get Even's charactaristics do not stand up to the expectations that it sets, which leads to disappointment in the end, and that ultimately leads to me telling you to grab this one half-off or lower.Rating:3.0/5.0- Average, can take it or leave it.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198274312425,Not Recommended,299950,32635164,Posted: 21 June,all,wthompso,Wasn't a fan of the characters and I didn't like how the story was presented. They try really hard not to tell you the story till near the very end. I can see why some people would like this game but it wasn't my style. I also encountered a bug that froze my character while the enemies shot me dead (this happened frequently on the last level of the game).
76561198170376709,Recommended,299950,34095756,Posted: 7 August,all,Tdcman123,"Them: hey so you heard about that game Get Even, right?Me: yesThem: What genre do you think you'd put it in?Me: yesThis game has everything I love in a  good game. Mind-bending story. Great performances by voice actors. Bends multiple genres into one. This is a FPS/investigative/stealth/walking simulator. And the way the game pulls it off is suberb.The only critique I have about this game is that the graphics aren't really much to look at, but some of the detail put into the more trippy/surreal sections is just what I would expect from a game in 2017. This one really blew me away. Just go and pick it up for yourself, seriously, I don't even want to spoil it anymore."
76561197970560085,Recommended,299950,33445102,Posted: 10 July,all,Midnight77,"Having put in a little over 10 hours to reach the end I can say the story, and it's complex layers, is right up there in the works of 12 Monkeys and The Matrix.  I've been gaming for over 30 years now and I haven't seen a more complex story except for Bioshock Infinite.  My hats off to The Farm 51 for putting together such a diverse story.  I had a very difficult time understanding all the pieces but as you get to the end it all comes together with an amazing ending.  That being said, the gameplay is not without it's issues.1.  There are times when baddies would get stuck in walls because you disturbed their walking patterns and they moved to new area and couldn't account for the movement changes.2.  There are no knockout options so you are left with full on shooting (which is actually not encouraged in the game) or running around them until you could get to the next area where a door would close as a save point. I avoided killing many of the people but especially in the asylum the halls are so tight your non-lethal options were very difficult trying to avoid them.  As an example, near the end with the ""Mad Hatter"" there were pieces of clues in the room he was in and the area is so tight the only way to grab the clues is to shoot him or run into the room and quickly click them without reading them because there is no time, run away until the next door closes and then later go back to your drawboard room to read the notes later.  Another example of this was a guy with a crowbar who says ""I See You"" (I think) and comes at you.  You have to turn around, run through some rooms and down two flights of stairs to finally arrive in a corner room shaped like the letter ""6"" so that you can trick him into rushing in and running around him so you can make it back to the top without killing him.  Because of the ""walls"" issue I described above I had multiple times where the guy would not enter the room.  He would just stand there and taunt me as if he was hitting an invisible wall.  I had to push up against a side wall very close to him to trigger the guy to enter the room and dies multiple times because he was too close to me.  I did manage to get to done non lethally though.3.  The other part I didn't like about finding clues was that there were multiple instances where there will be additional rooms to explore for clues.  If you choose the wrong room and this is a save point then the door automatically closes behind you and there is no way to go back because it just autosaved.  The only way to go back for these clues is to go back into the drawboard room and relive the memory which is tedious just to get that 1 or 2 missing clues.I'd still recommend this game for the story alone and tell people going in that this game is a lot more stealth centric than anything else."
76561198039511141,Recommended,299950,33433484,Posted: 10 July,all,Sparrow,"Dark, itelligent, intriguing. Amazing atmosphere and story. The more I play, the more confused I am, the more I like it."
76561198237103390,Recommended,299950,34134310,Posted: 9 August,all,Lossity,"10 out of 10.A masterpiece created by a small studio. Superb and intense story, you need to play this to understand. Well-invested money, they deserve every penny of it, they truly do. Play and experience what you will never experience in any other game. My all time FAV."
,Recommended,299950,32663100,Posted: 22 June,all,Dirty Dan,"Wow, what a game. Just when you think you have things figured out it switches on you. Always throwing new parts of the story and new concepts at you. You will think during several different points that ""oh theyre gonna leave you on a cliffhanger or something"" no it doesnt. Everything that happens in the game, every detail, comment, everything is explained and has a purpose. the graphics are fantastic, music is top notch and probably the best voice acting ive ever heard. Get ready for some serious Inception♥♥♥♥♥♥and get this game. Its truly my Sleeper Hit of the year."
76561197991940839,Recommended,299950,35165750,Posted: 23 September,all,JackyG,"Wow this game came out of nowhere, like a fantastic episode of Black Mirror, realised flawlessly.Get Even might have the most perfect sound design i've ever experienced in a game, impeccable voice acting and score.From the very beginning this was incredibly gripping and it only got moreso as time went on."
,Recommended,299950,34127301,Posted: 9 August,all,Urcofox,"Get Even feels simultaneously like a bad game and an absolute must-play. It's one of those things that just looks and feels like it tried to be too much and failed. Even so, it's just so engaging and visually stunning and atmospheric and all those buzzwords.I played through once to the ""bad end"" and I may at some point go back and try to do a clean, stealthy run, but in my opinion there's little motivation to do so. Based on info I've already recieved I can probably guess how the good end will go. The game provides you with a couple of really great tools, one for puzzle-solving, and one for stealth-shooter-ing.For puzzle solving, you're given your phone. This actually comes in handy when trying to avoid detection, as it lets you know where enemies are and which way they're looking. It also lets you rewrite your environment within memories, search for evidence and memory fragments, and review the story so far.The great Stealth shooter element thrown into the game was a weapon mod called the Cornergun. pop a pistol or smg onto it, and you can shoot around corners. It even has heat vision on the monitor, so you can make out someone hiding in tall grass, no problem.However, your ""therapist,"" a man calling himself ""Red,"" absolutely insists that you kill no one. Having the cornergun, the knowledge that you can take a LOT of bullets before the memory resets, and the fact that even following the enemy's movement pattern exactly can still get you caught, I felt no strong need to actually obey Red. In hindsight, the ability to bullet sponge would have been a great chance to just try booking it through enemy fire, but that didn't give me much time to investigate, and yes, they did put info behind people who would kill you.For some people, the ""pacifist run"" perks  might add to the fun, but for me? I prefer using every tool at my disposal to get through a situation, and that means using the goddam Cornergun!Anyway, little rant over and done with, I return to my claim that the game tried to be too much and failed. If they had taken out just one element of the game - be it story, stealth, clue-hunting, puzzle-solving, shooting... Remove ONE of those, and we  might have a 5-star game. As it is, we have a 3-star I really think you should check out anyway."
,Recommended,299950,33482997,Posted: 12 July,all,CjuGames,"Not all of the individual parts of this game are noteworthy, but together they create a tremendously engrossing experience.A brilliant story told through unusual means will allow you to play as Cole Black, a mercenary trying to remember how a rescue mission went horribly wrong. You'll find yourself inside an asylum run by a mysterious figure called Red, who wants you to explore his facility as well as your own memories, making choices along the way (choices that actually DO matter too).As an FPS the gameplay is a little lacking, even with some neat gimmicks that include a gun that can look around corners. The puzzle sections are few and far between and aren't extremely challenging, but do keep the game feeling fresh as the story goes on. Expect to do a lot of document reading to fully understand your place within the asylum and what Red really wants of you.What really stands out and what I would advise you get the game for is the story. Unfortunately though, I can't express my opinion on the story properly without spoiling things, so I'll just say you'll most likely be hooked with suspense.The audio is also exceptional, perfectly blending the mood of the characters and action together in most sections.The game will most likely last you 6-8 hours to complete, with another hour more to collect and visit everything you can.Don't get this for the horror or the gunplay, but get it for the story and enjoy the action sequences along the way.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc5TaRFr4Jc"
,Recommended,299950,32997096,Posted: 29 June,all,ECy Manufacturing,"Unexpectedly, this game is amazing. I was prepared for some weirdness, but this is just clever. It's also weird, of course, but shows some ingenuity.Get Even provides a very immersive experience. You just have to make sure you go in with an open mind, not thinking in terms of 'stealth', 'shooter' or 'walking simulator'. There are actual reasons why the game reacts like it does, and they are explained in the game itself (if you _proceed_ far enough into it). Set aside how you would think some things would work and just accept the system as it is, and you will be duly rewarded.Also of note is the sound/music design, which form an inseparable unit, something I have never seen (well, heard) in a game before - ambient sounds are picked up by the music in such a seemingly natural way that made me wonder why it took so long for somebody to finally have this idea. I do repeat myself, but that is really amazing.After playing through, I immediately started a second playthrough to pick up some things I had not found out, and to understand some nuances and hints that I couldn't immediately make sense of the first time around. (You don't need to start fresh, by the way, as you can simply revisit everything you have done so far).Highly recommended, just don't expect mainstream gameplay."
76561198014580360,Recommended,299950,33870364,Posted: 28 July,all,Reknahs,"This is definitely an interesting game for sure. While Get Even is an FPS don't go expecting something like Necrovision or Painkiller haha. It's heavily story driven, and the action is broken up by both interactive and noninteractive cutscenes along with some puzzles. The puzzles aren't that difficult so don't worry if you're not an adventure game fan or anything. The combat is ok, it's fairly standard shooting with a neat gimmick in the corner gun, which let's you see around corners as the name would imply. You can go stealthy or just go gung ho, both work fine although the game chastises you for breaking stealth. So the combat and puzzles are just ok, but the real draw is the story. It's very well told and the twists never felt cheap. If the idea of a crime drama mixed with Inception sounds cool to you give this one a shot. While it's probably not for everyone as it focuses primarily on exploration and story and not just shooting, the story is so engaging it makes you want to keep playing just to see what happens next."
76561198142862300,Recommended,299950,32760480,Posted: 25 June,all,rmross337,"At first I was agitated that this game wasnt in VR which when I purchased it, but my fault for not paying closer attention.  However the Xbox controller works great for this game and once I figured out the buttons and what was going on I was very pleased with this game.  Its got a great air of suspense to it in certain scenes but not overkill which I like.  Its slow paced and in my opinion a well thought out game.  I have only been playing it for about 2 hours now but they flew by.  I will be ready to see what awaits tomrrow when I play it again.  This game is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,299950,32648043,Posted: 22 June,all,[AKA] decizion,"One of my favorite of 2017 so far.Omg truly a wtf experience, mind♥♥♥♥ experience.I'm not too far in the game but i really love it.Review will be edited as i progress.Pros: Great atmosphere, nice scenario, the graphics are decent indoor, corner guns, stealth or action you decide, load of things to look at & search to understand the lore, very good ost.Cons: Terrible ennemies AI, game might be short, outdated graphics in outside environnements, gamebreaking bug that make you stuck on walls during heist.Totally jumped scared af & had to pause game when a dude tried to attack me by surprise.8/10 will get scared again."
,Recommended,299950,32784115,Posted: 25 June,all,✪ PHiN,"Played through the game and have to highly recommend it. It was a confusing rollercoaster that kept making twists and turns and kept you wanting more answers. The story did well on capturing my attention. Gameplay was good, although sometimes using the corner gun and hitting a ""headshot"" wouldn't kill them, mildly frustrating but wasn't too much of an issue. Didn't enounter any bugs other than a body half falling through the floor. Has a great, soothing soundtrack with the violin, but also a tense, on edge sounds. Graphics were good, unless using the phone on the corner gun, it became a bit distorted looking through it. Honestly have nothing properly bad to say about the game other than I wish it was longer. Took me 6 hours to get to the end, but I missed some evidence in each place. So far it's my favourite game of 2017. 10/10"
76561198066836932,Recommended,299950,33372989,Posted: 8 July,all,JackMaccone,"it has the ability to scare me to death 15 in the gamethis game has something that many games lack of these times a Story, Depht, memorable characters and nice graphics but this is actually a little bit too early for me to write a review but i watched many gameplays and i would really recommend this game"
,Recommended,299950,33660982,Posted: 19 July,all,Rhyder,"an OK game all over - ok optimization, ok visual design, ok story, ok gameplay. Since it doesn't have AAA price tag I recommend it as a pleasant, if only a little bit blend, experience"
76561197972664208,Recommended,299950,33640615,Posted: 18 July,all,CharlieDontSurf,"This game has so much potential but is lacking in several areas. First the voice acting is excellent and there is a high immersion factor along with a good story line. However the game engine is old (Unreal 3) and graphics very dated. Never liked it much when the player has resticted movements - no jumping, no climbing. Player walking speed is painfully slow.  The game can be glitchy as my player got stuck 5 times which ment reloading the last save point. Did I mention the auto save points suck.The game itself can be confusing to play as there is no indication as to what level or chapter you are on and whether you have completed it. It can be hard to conduct a through search of many rooms when doors are always slamming shut and locking behind you and there were other areas to check out. This game just feels incomplete.I always measure a game by asking myself would I want to play it again ?While this game was worth playing once, I have no desire to play it again.Grade C+"
76561198030800972,Recommended,299950,33479454,Posted: 12 July,all,FallenAngel89,"Definitely worth a try, here's a youtube video showing the first parts of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj4dLrFyxuk&t=60s"
,Recommended,299950,33576810,Posted: 15 July,all,ДДºLeprechaun,Amazing!
76561198112464101,Recommended,299950,33609243,Posted: 17 July,all,TaeTae,"Loved this game!  What the devs did was amazing, the story telling, the game mechanics.  I didnt want it to end!  Awesome Job!"
76561197988456609,Recommended,299950,33914373,Posted: 30 July,all,GreySoul,"Imagine if Christopher Nolan had invisioned Inception as a film noir detective story mixed with a dash of horror and you have the premise of Get Even. A game with some of the best writing in gaming period and a sense of style that reaks of technology fiction like the Matrix and Inception. Having beat the game I can say this is easily one of the best stories in all gaming and worth the price of admission for that alone.However If you are in the market for gameplay the game plays somewhere between a detective story point and click and a first person stealth shooter. You will do alot of evidence collection and puzzle solving but until the mid point of the game you will not be shooting much of anything. I really don't want to delve into the story except to say it is exellent and the twitsts although predictable if you pay attention are still gut wrenching because the acting of the voice actors is so spot on you feel for every character.There are a ton of collectible notes, tapes and side items that actually serve to flesh out the story in an original way as you will eventually find a place where you collect them all towards a 100% rating. This rating will then unlock a code that will give you even more story and ultimately allow you to gain the best ending to the game.The games main flaw is that untill late into the game you really don't feel like you are doing anything that original gameplay wise and even then the complexity is so low that you never really feel as though you are having a great deal of fun using the games systems rather you are compelled because the games story is so good you need to know how it will all play out. I feel if you are a fan of telltale style games and want a little more control over your experience you will be in heaven with this game. However if you avoid games of this nature and need gameplay to be engaged you will likely not enjoy the experience because it feels subpar.I need to split my rating for this reason as the story alone is the best I have experienced so far this year and is an easy 10 out of 10 however the gameplay is only at a 6 of 10 You have tools that are interesting but don't feel fun, and untill that second chapter in the game you feel as though you are not doing anything that original in the game world. Even when they do evolve the gameplay you will soon feel like you are just going through the motions in service to the story. If the developers had tightened up the gunplay and given you that powerful feeling the whole game this could have been a game of the year contender as it is it should be on everyones radar for a writing award for gaming as it sets the bar so high very few games to date can reach it's heights."
76561198283106377,Recommended,299950,33871086,Posted: 28 July,all,ArjabRoy,"*Before writing the review i would like to mention this info to all my fellow gamers that this game isn't for everyoneAfter playing this i would say i've waited for a long time to find a game of this sort, it's a perfect blend of Stealth, Horror & Mystery, players who enjoy to delve into a game's world & enjoy the consequences for the decisions they make with also taking there every action in game seriously this is the game for them.Now for the Graphics it's a bit outdated but the Textures are well made, it looks very ok according to me & most importantly optimization is good.I would recommend this for gamers who want to delve into a game's world, loves to play serious games & at the same time enjoy Stealth to their heart's content."
,Recommended,299950,34022968,Posted: 4 August,all,koyot,"One sentence summary:- Walk forward detective-like simulator with good music nad story and sometimes you can shoot with cornergun which is awesome by the way.Pro:- music (i will always remember the paarty .. the paarty ... the paarty...)- scenery- script (I must say it is a good one).- puzzles in game are okCons:- they promised more but not delivered- graphics is kind of fallout new vegas, skyrim level- enemies are sometimes anoying- I dont have a feeling that my actions and decisions have any impact on anything"
,Not Recommended,299950,32661938,Posted: 22 June,all,Constantine,"Synopsis:Get Even is a psychological thriller where you play as a man named Cole Black who wakes up in an abandoned hospital with no memory of why he's there or past events. His objective is to regain his memories, discover who the mysterious man whois guiding him is, remove a mysterious piece of tech that is attached to his ahead, and escape the hospital.Let me get this right out of the way. This game is offensively bad and is definitely not worth the 30 dollar asking price. I beat the game in about 6 hours on the hardest difficulty and it lacks any replay value whatsoever. It's a simple linear, corridor, first person game with almost no redeeming qualities.Pros:+ SoundtrackThat's it for the pros. The only good thing I can say about this game is that it actually had a decent soundtrack. The rest game honestly does not deserve the soundtrack it got, because the OST is leagues above the rest of the game.Cons:- Graphics are horrendous, even for a 30 dollar game.- Performance indoors is fine, but outside is a stuttering mess and the graphics don't justify the performance.- Bugs. I ran into an annoying bug several times where I would just get stuck in walls for no reason and forced to restart.- Gunplay is absolutely trash. It's the worst kind of generic gunplay. AI is beyond stupid and it feels like you're shooting targets, not people.-Level design. The best levels in the game are in the asylum, where you focus on story, exploration, and puzzles. Unfortunately its not a very large part of the game and most of the time you will either spend outside in a generic lot or inside some office building shooting (or sneaking past) baddies.- Story. The story is pretty boring and doesn't deserve the buildup to its several plot twists. None of the twists are particularly interesting, and the story goes into a poor direction near the end.Like I said before. The game can't decide what it wants to be. It starts out playing like Condemend Criminal Origins (best parts IMO) but then with change into a generic FPS with garbage sneak elements. The Asylum is the best area of the game. This area is where you walk around and explore, using various software on your phone to unlock the mysterious of the Asylum. The phone basically get's thrown into the trash halfway through the game.Don't bother with this trash unless you can get it for 5 to 10 dollars. This is one of the few games I can remember that I genuinely felt ripped off for buying."
,Recommended,299950,34364472,Posted: 19 August,all,boopideeboo,this is a good game if you don't have any emotionsluckily mine are just a simulation and any attempt to make me cry is nullified immediately...What I said is true.Stop doubting me.Please.I'm not lying.Get away from me.
76561198162457605,Recommended,299950,32830361,Posted: 26 June,all,azazazaszzz,let me just say this i am not a professional game reviewer but i will try my best to write as good as a review as i can manage anyway get even is an amazing walking simulator with good gunplay amazing story cool mystories to uncover amazing voice acting decent graphics and really well optimized unlike some other pc ports this year mainly nier automata that was an incredibly disappointing port anyway do i recommend this game hell yeahpros_well optimized_good gunplay_amazing story_amazing voice acting_decent enough graphics_interesting places to explore_the ability to look back in the past which is an incredible cool gameplaycons_some game breaking bugs like being stuck to an object which forces me to restart the last checkpoint_ while the graphics aren't bad per say at some moments the graphics look extremely unsharp and just bad but i'm not someone who thinks games with not that amazing graphics are bad it' just a plus when the graphics are amazing to look at_on the short side but to be expected on a 30 euro gameoveral these are just minor things because this is still my third favorite game of 2017 for now if you like amazing story's amazing voice acting with the amazing story that will pull you in the game really cool and unique fps cool areas to explorethen i definitely recommend this game to youget even get's in my opinnion a 8/10 incredible i can't wait for another game like this from (The Farm 51)
76561198008186680,Recommended,299950,32701854,Posted: 23 June,all,HeyApple,"The main focus of the game Is the unique story, the shooting and stealth elements come as secondary.If you like reading notes,solving puzzles and creating your own story outcome through your choices then buy this game.Excellent Voice Acting 10/10You might think you have the story figured out, but It plays out In an unpredictable way In the end!!!"
,Recommended,299950,33610785,Posted: 17 July,all,Fawkzi,Just relax and explore...
,Not Recommended,299950,33454236,Posted: 11 July,all,digitalformula,"I really struggled before deciding not to recommend Get Even.  It's especially disappointing as I'm one of the people that was hanging out for the game's release based on the teasers.The music is hauntingly beautiful and the scenes are really well constructed but the game was kinda ... boring.  I got sick of the unskippable movie scenes, scenes that got longer and longer towards the end of the game.  The final scenes were coming up on minutes each.  I think the last few were even longer.I also ran into the bug the other people have mentioned in the comments - getting stuck behind trees and having to wait until I either reloaded the last checkpoint or hung out until I got shot in the face too many times.The main game play was OK but the final parts, while hard to describe without giving away spoilers, were frustrating.  I know there's a fair amount of intentional memory recall involved by design but it ended up feeling more like repetition ... almost repetition caused by a lack of ideas?Finally, towards the very end, I felt a bit like saying ""Come on, just end already.""  That's not a great sign, even for someone that's not a huge gamer, like me.  One of the final options is to back and 'fix' some mistakes ... I opted to just end it.Other titles I've played recently have had me glued to the screen/controls from start to end ... but not this one, unfortunately.  :("
76561198026427834,Recommended,299950,34545371,Posted: 27 August,all,Assault Squid,"9 out of 10,what the hell did i just play?story centric game with minimal first person shooting and a decent amount of stealth,a few puzzlesa really crazy story."
,Recommended,299950,32687923,Posted: 23 June,all,HyperBlasters,"Its a good game but they need to fix some glitches! i got stuck multiple times on random♥♥♥♥♥♥ and u cant jump or get out of it unless u restart the checkpoint did that like 5 times ! the story was good the voice actors was good, but they need to fix that!"
76561197966304134,Recommended,299950,32932692,Posted: 28 June,all,ARde<3,"Fun game. Enjoyed most of it, but plot was time to times little bit dull. Also combat is too easy sometimes even with highest difficulty. 8/10"
76561198319440015,Recommended,299950,32694615,Posted: 23 June,all,prozach28,I enjoyed this game. It's not long and the story isn't the greatest but it's unique and it's basically a FPS puzzle with stealth. It reminded me of Dishonored slowed down without much action. But it's not a crazy psychological horror it has it's moments and I like the story it's a rollercoaster that doesn't give itself away till the end.
,Recommended,299950,32911229,Posted: 27 June,all,First Fragment,"Feels like the evil within, but it is way too different, feels like alan wake, but this is even better, I like this so far, sound effects are really great, plus you have a corner gun. Glad this game finally came out       10/10Edit:Game got even greater, as you progress, the narrative becomes even deeper, being able to connect all the dots to uncover the truth, also being able to listen to such a great soundtrack is priceless.Pros:-Game looks great-You have a working corner gun-Time ticks by-Everyone afloat-Aimlessly-With no port-I don't live my life in doubt-I am always out and about-I get mobile in the global-No conection please retry-No reception, no requite-Signal bars and single bars-Such a smile for all to smile-While away the hourshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGV449oSoaQ"
76561198013885191,Recommended,299950,32624236,Posted: 21 June,all,Imre,"3 hours is too short to review this game.It's very psychedelic. It reminds me of the last episode of ""life is strange"" (the part that people don't like). So you definitely have to be into that sort of thing.The thing that surprised me is how well the game ran on i7/gtx980ti. They definitely did a good job polishing it up. If you played some other games, the morrowind expansion comes to mind, this is the state in which all games should be released!"
76561198320706924,Recommended,299950,34269668,Posted: 15 August,all,dragonslayers98,So good Inersting story so far.
,Not Recommended,299950,34816844,Posted: 8 September,all,ramyland_maelstrom,"GET EVEN3/4 in the game i hit a fatal CTD with no way to escape the loop ( so its safe to say that i never got to finish the game ) - from a technical standpoint-optimisation this game is a mess ( note : you need more than 8gb of ram to not run out of memory so increase the virtual memory page file to at least 6 GB ) - i liked the game ideas and the ""sequences"" , the mandatory use of the  camera functions was well integrated in the environment - tho too many ideas/mechanics cobbled together really hurt the flow of the story breaking the immersion big time ( a ton of documets to collect and read / also the camera has too many functions that must be accessed for clues ) - if you are looking for something ""fresh"" go ahead but i cant recommend this product based on the lack of functionality !also if you want a good laugh - this was ( the only ) a ridiculous news-post-update 2 months after release from the developers part - enjoy;-D !http://steamcommunity.com/games/299950/announcements/detail/1444947833826490970I recommend INFRA game on steam if you are looking for something similar that is not so stressful !"
76561198037267617,Recommended,299950,32920222,Posted: 28 June,all,Riskierhaydenb,its good
,Recommended,299950,33489569,Posted: 12 July,all,im a fucking idiot,you have to play this
,Recommended,299950,32686199,Posted: 23 June,all,M@GISTER,"Get Even - best game ever.Music:Thanks really great soundtracks.Gameplay:There stealth, horror, and other but i like.P.S: Best game on 2017 year. :)"
,Recommended,299950,32641749,Posted: 22 June,all,infector,silent hill + condemned = get even<3333(btw please make another silent hill and condemned game Konami/Monolith)
76561198358518520,Recommended,299950,34684651,Posted: 2 September,all,Gamer s,THIS  IS THE BEST GAME ACCORDING TO ME BUY IT TRY IT YOU WONT REGRET IT
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,299950,32628559,Posted: 21 June,all,BM10X,"Okay, first and foremost, let me be the first to say this is not a Terrible game by any means.  It just isn't...good.The actual movement and controls feel clunky.  Maybe it's just me but I didn't find them to be that smooth.  The aiming of the gun and the combat was very rigid and the combat was downright BAD.You can fanboy or fangirl for this game all you want and I respect your right to do it but for this to be a $30 game I expect a little better than this.In my first hour and a half of the game, I saw a lot of things that intrigued me but i also experienced several things that made me sigh and lose interest very quickly.  This game is clearly going for that Condemned Criminal Origins of the Future feel and there were some points where it did a dang good job.Overall, a Futuristic shooting mechanic can't be the only thing that saves this game and it certainly isn't good enough to make up for its multiple downfalls.  I'll be posting a video review to my channel later on where you can see for yourself what I'm talking about.Games these days like to ""throw the player"" into a situation and let them figure their way out which is fine if you're going into a game expecting that.The game plays fine.  The graphics are sharp and run at a smooth 60FPS no problem but good graphics will  not save an other wise flawed game.The Find The Evidence Mechanic works fine but the overall start to the game is very slow.  It achieves creepiness easily but struggles at times to hold the players attention with repetitive hallways and generic enemies.If I had to rate the game at this moment in time It's a 4/10 at best.UPDATE!!!The More I think about this game, the more it pisses me off.  I was so excited for this.  BOOOO"
,Recommended,299950,32634829,Posted: 21 June,all,WilburSprinkle,"This game seems pretty fun. The guns are cool and the gadgets are rerally sweet. Also, Superhot style gun battles?!?!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18ZWOumFN_Q"
76561197970788088,Not Recommended,299950,33818847,Posted: 26 July,all,cmarz,"I really wanted to like this game. It isnt bad, but it isnt great either. You wait far too long for something to happen, and while the plot and story are good, it gets boring. If I were to grade this, it would be a 70% out of 100.Buy something else."
,Not Recommended,299950,33548440,Posted: 14 July,all,MLJESUS,I really wanted to like it but the gameplay makes it impossible to enjoy and get a good ending.
,Recommended,299950,32620743,Posted: 21 June,all,Saint Satan,A very good portIt supports ultra wide and I get a constant 100 FPS at 3440x1440 at all times.  It's a fun and engaging game so far.  It reminds me ofCondemned: Criminal Originsquite a bit.  Definitly worth looking into if you're a fan of psychological horror.I'll update this later after I get a chance to play more.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/SaintSatan
,Not Recommended,299950,32827853,Posted: 26 June,all,Gemanoneko,"Might be nice with the actual VR headset. But at the moment it doesn't even work with a controller. It says ""full support"" but Xbox 1 controller just doesn't work.Will try to get into the game again later. For now - can't recommend. Certainly not for 30$.Update:Tried to play some more. Xbox controller still doesn't work.Really bad controlls. Walking simulator + stealth + kind of shooter - game tries to be many things together, but fails to mix it all. The apps on the phone are annoying - it is never clear when to use them, I'm running into the enemies with open app and game also punishes me if I'll kill them.I think I'll pass on this game. Really frustrating experience."
76561198027261801,Not Recommended,299950,33795596,Posted: 25 July,all,GTDAWG,waste of time and money really weird gameplay.
,Recommended,299950,32629225,Posted: 21 June,all,(KFM) LoLPeRLoL,>Is told to meet some1 in a building>Only thermal reading of people are me>I am alone>Opens a closet>Gets spooked and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants10/10
76561198121095416,Recommended,299950,32613226,Posted: 21 June,all,PuRe,THE CHOICES!!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!
,Recommended,299950,33238757,Posted: 4 July,all,Craven,GET EVEN IS AMAZING! ONE OF THE BEST GAME OUT TO DATE! YOU HAVE TO BUY IT! THIS IS JUST SO FUN TO PLAY!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33s8Wkr3DhA
76561197970752241,Recommended,299950,32606548,Posted: 20 June,all,wsgroves,Obviously I am unable to put together a long review yet as it just came out.That being said it is pretty interesting and unlike anything really that I have played before.It looks very good and runs good on a 4k/1080ti setup. It is UE4 so optimized well.It is very neat so far and I am anxious to see what more is in store.
76561198137075933,Not Recommended,299950,32743141,Posted: 24 June,all,RUSTY STARFISH,not a well made game infact i would keep away from this golden turd graphics are harsh to say the least.keep getting stuck in the graphics 5 times in less than 60 minuets. slow boring and waste of 25 quid
,Recommended,299950,32609940,Posted: 20 June,all,Makerrcat,The answer is yes.
