user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,300060,22111784,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Hellius Pelican,"[Edit: A Critique Video has now been created]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHYHRSbIV6sADR1FT was a game I desperately wanted to like, the presentation is outstanding, the visuals look incredible and runs smoothly (GTX 970), and while I have yet to try this game in VR (waiting for a vive myself (and for the possible addition of Vive Support in the first place)) I can only imagine how immersive this game must be.It is a shame then that this game undermines itself at every point, unsure of what game it wants to be; the early panic for survival is instantly mitigated by early oxygen upgrades and infinite oxygen points that make the game lose much of its tense moment to moment experiences, and thus the game becomes about going to point a to b, with very few moments of actual danger, and the occasional audiolog inbetween.This means that the game is more about characters and story than the survival ideology it initially seems about. The problem is that the characters are 2 dimensional, and the story, is by all means pretty terrible. While not trying to spoil it, the whole experience is a failed attempt at a guilt trip for the player character, constantly sputtering stuff about how this guy had a child, and now he's dead possibly because of you etc. etc.It's guilt for something your character did before the game, the actual reasoning is pretty dull, and the girl whom you play, alex, is void of character, any real dialogue, any sense of personality, and any ability to relate as the game keeps going ""Alex is a bad person"" with no real resolution or thought behind it, with an ending that's just saying that again for no reason, because it hasn't been hammered home enough anyway.Its lack of focus on survival means that it fails as a simplistic but fun space survival romp a la gravity, but it's attempts at quiet moments and interesting story are far surpassed by its contemparary's such as Firewatch.It's a real shame,what we have here is tech demo with so much potential,Bad writing, bland repetitive design, and a 4-5 hour game length that really begins to drag on when the story fails to have any kind of redeeming value breaks something that leaves me with nothing but bitter disappointment.A lot of love clearly went in this game, sadly it seems it was wasted on a narrative thread that only comes off as pretentious by the end, I'm sorry game, I really wanted to like you, but I can't!"
,Not Recommended,300060,24215094,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,neodos,"(non VR review)Great graphics and nice audio, stunning for the first 30 minutes, but it falls short, the game is has simplistic and repetitive gameplay.I thought I would give this game a shot at least for the fancy visuals but the pacing is so slow and the gameplay so simplistic that the visuals won't save this game.The gameplay consists of going to point A where you are told something is broken and you need to go to points B C D to repair the broken thing by simply pressing a button in each of those places, getting to each place takes 5 minutes or more of just slowly and painfully floating around while sometimes looking for oxygen canisters to refill your space suit in order to survive and waiting for doors to slowly open.There are no puzzles, no problem solving and no thinking involved, no events, no conflicts, the game just drags you from a point to another to press a simple button while finding and playing some audio recordings that tell a bit of the story and systems of the space station re-activate and animate as you repair them, that's it.The ambience audio can be pretty repetitive at times and really makes things even more boring and annoying.Interacting with doors or other things requires to hold the F key for a few seconds, while waiting for an animations to play, waiting extra time to regain control after the door has been wide open for a few seconds... it kills the flow and it could be all in one key press instead without locking the player's controls.The control and movement is slow and touching any wall ceiling or floor at slow speeds damages your suit and punishes the player, why? it would have been much more fun being able to move faster and bouncing off walls with your legs and arms like real astronauts sometimes do, then again if the movement system was faster the game would be very short but at least moving around might have been fun.The navigation map is a mess, the game is often confusing as to what the objective is or where it is.ADR1FT should have either chosen to focus on the experience of exploring and experiencing the environment freely with the backstory playing as you go around OR being a game with actual depth to its mechanics."
,Not Recommended,300060,23302157,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,moses,"The most beautiful boring game I've ever played.The visuals are stunning, and I'm sure it's even more amazing with a VR headset. However, the gameplay is monotonous and painfully slow. I realize for the sake of realism, you're not supposed to be flying around with crazy speed, but the overall pace of the game is at best relaxed and at worst, a maddening crawl.The game basically consists of traversing a damaged space station in microgravity, repairing various sections of the ship in order to get the return vehicle operational and get home. Meanwhile, I suppose you're supposed to piece together what happened to the ship and the rest of the crew (more on that later). You also deal with your EVA suit problems by constantly hunting down O2, which is pretty much everywhere. The physics are relatively accurate, so that's a plus. Only thing that irked me there is that somehow electrical shocks translate into kinetic energy and knock you off course if you touch an exposed wire...?The game mechanics, while extremely repetitive, were just as visually appealing as the scenery. I was hoping that eventually your suit would be repaired to the point you no longer needed to scrounge for oxygen, but that aspect of the game didn't bother me as much as it did other players. What confused me is that entire section of the game was devoted to repairing the communications array, but even after it was repaired, the player character still didn't speak. What's the point of fixing communications if you aren't going to talk to mission control?The story(?) is buried in audio tapes and uninteresting emails that don't appear to make sense if you don't find and read/listen to them all. Despite finding a lot of them, I couldn't seem to see how any of the dialogue shed any light on the situation at hand. Most of the dialogue was bland and I found it difficult to relate to any of the characters. I didn't understand the end scene's dialogue in the slightest, probably because the poorly communicated storyline didn't register. I finished the game feeling like I wasted time trying to find a deeper backstory or plot that wasn't there, and I really don't want to have to play this game again to find it, given the repetitive nature of the gameplay.Overall, this is one of those games you'd love if you can manage the incredibly slow pace and are willing to deal with it to the point of collecting all the dialogue tapes and piecing together the story. I'm not a little kid who expects the game to play itself, but I have to draw a line somewhere. While I was initially excited by the incredible visuals and potential for a great story, I was let down when I couldn't find the latter.My recommendation: don't play it unless you have a VR headset and it's on sale. The visuals are worth the $10 I paid when it was on a promotion, but IMHO, it's not worth much more than that, and would be better used as just a gimmick to introduce yourself or others to VR."
,Not Recommended,300060,22112046,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,GenericHenle,"This is a Non VR review!At this point I have beaten the game and I'm just kind of mixed about it. On one hand the game is absolutely beautiful. Moving around the debris field of a crumbling space station while looking down at Earth is simply amazing looking. The animations of Alex reaching out at items, turning them around and just moving around the airlock all look fantastic. The lighting system in the game is amazing as well. Past the visuals however, I found the game to be pretty boring and empty feeling.The gameplay consists of you traversing an extremely damaged space station in an EVA suit. Since it's zero-G you use thrusters and momentum to move you throughout the station. Your thrusters are powered by the Oxygen system of the suit, which you also need to... Y'know. Breathe. So throughout the ENTIRE game you have to manage your oxygen levels by constantly finding oxygen containers/stations. It can be a bit tedious but these containers/stations basically lay out the way you're supposed to go for the next objective so they are more than just life saving air. But at the same time the Oxygen meter always makes you feel rushed so you can't look at the amazing visuals.While moving through you'll find computers, audio logs and radio calls that fill in the story of what happened to the station and the interactions between characters. Even with these logs I never felt any profound connection to any of the characters. Which makes the entire game feel lifeless. Alex never talks other than a literal handful of words through the game, even though she's constantly in contact with base command trying to get her back home, even after fixing the relay that is supposed to allow her to talk to them.For a game having such amazing visuals, I found the soundtrack and sound in general to just be pretty poor. I had a lot of popping in my speakers while playing throughout that I have never had before. At a few points in the game songs will just come out of nowhere. While these are okay for a minute or two, I had one song loop a 10-15 second loop for 30 minutes until I restarted the checkpoint. It really wore me down.The one thing I was REALLY looking forward to was the quote I saw floating around a lot. ""It's like being an astronaut!"" It isn't at all though. You move from room to room pushing a button at a terminal that says, ""Do you want to repair?"" and it repairs itself. I was really looking forward to using some tools or something like that. But you just use a keyboard so it makes me wonder why Alex is even needed if it can all be fixed with a signal.The game mainly consists of,1. Find colored disc2. Follow objective marker to another terminal/computer3. Gather oxygen and intel as you move4. Reach computer and put disc in or press button to upgrade suit5. RepeatPros:Amazing visualsThe movement of the EVA suit is fun but slightly clunky in spotsReally great animationCons:Short, I completed it in just over 3 hours and don't really feel the need to play it again.Didn't care about the charactersGameplay consists of just going to terminals and pressing a buttonOxygen meter forces you to feel rushed when you want to just look at how amazing the game isDoes NOT feel like being an astronaut"
,Not Recommended,300060,22124485,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Idiotech,Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4AdK1BjB0oSummary:An excellent tech demo with extremely limited gameplay and an underwhelming narrative.Pros:+ Visuals+ VR SupportCons:- Gameplay- Narrative- Music- Length
,Not Recommended,300060,23932375,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ozzmeister00,"Full disclosure, I play a lot of Kerbal Space Program, which may color my opinion.I wanted to like this game. It checks a lot of my boxes: 1) Space 2) Fiddling around in space stations and 3) Spaceships. It's got some pretty frustrating omissions, technical issues, and logical inconsistencies that made me stop playing it.1) Can't disable controller vibration without unplugging controller2) While I'm sure it was partly intentional, movement is so sloppy and hard to control that it's nearly impossible to navigate small spaces. What, my highly-trained astronaut doesn't know to put her hands out to cushion a minor impact?2a) There's no hand-holds anywhere? Really? I can't imagine they were navigating this space station entirely with RCS.3) I have to repair the space station for the life boats to work? REALLY? Did they have to stop the flooding on the Titantic to launch the lifeboats?4) The game's got some nice visual moments throughout, but it's hampered by some texture compression/streaming issues, and by aliasing issues. Further, it was hard to enjoy the view when I kept struggling to get myself pointed the right direction.Ultimately, this is not the space game you're looking for."
,Recommended,300060,22803960,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RocketLLama,"For real, if you have a VR headset and were thinking about getting this game, stop reading and get it. One of the best VR experiences I have had.I've read a bunch of reviews that don't recommend this game, and most of them have one thing in common...they aren't playing with VR.I set up my rift, turned on my steam controller, and the game immediately worked and dropped me in to an ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm floating in space"" experience."
,Recommended,300060,26377188,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Vic Mexicola,"ADR1FT was the first game I played all the way through using my Steam Link and Steam Controller. I streamed to my living room TV from a PC upstairs with an i5 6500 and a GTX 970 at a resolution of 1920 x 1080. I managed to maintain 60 FPS throughout on ""epic"" settings.I thought the game looked absolutely beautiful, from the way the station was designed to the way it had been wrecked and strewn about.The storytelling was sparse, but enough was slowly revealed that it began to make me question whether I actually deserved to make it to the end of the game (an interesting feeling that games don't often evoke in me). It felt genuinely eerie to occasionally come across the corpses of your crew mates floating lonely in the void.The pace was necessarily slow and at times the game felt like a cousin of some so called ""walking simulators"" I have enjoyed such as Dear Esther and Gone Home. However, the constant threat of running out of oxygen or fatally damaging your space suit lent an urgency not present in those games. The task at hand felt almost overwhelming at times, but I never felt bored or frustrated with it.The only problem I had with the controls was that occasionally I was unable to grab oxygen canisters. Despite holding down the correct button my ""hand"" didn't reach out. I'm not sure why this happened, but it usually worked within a couple of attempts.Another slight irritation was that some of the ambient music that became a little repetitive when you took too long to get through certain stages. The music choices were perfect for the setting, but could perhaps have been extended or varied to fill a longer period of time.This is my first game review on Steam and I felt moved to praise this game in particular because of the mixed reviews it has received from others. It is not a game for everyone, but I loved it!"
,Not Recommended,300060,23391965,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,barronj,"Played this on the new Oculus Rift. Was really excited to play this since I love space and the idea of surviving a disaster on a space station sounded interesting. But I cannot recommend this game. All you do is float from one spot to the other and click on things. There are no puzzles or real challenges. Oxygen is so prevalent, that it is never an issue. The only challenge to this game is knowing what you are supposed to do and where you are supposed to go. It boils down to being told some random thing is broken, you have to fix it for some reason, and you have to gallivant off to the other side of the space wreckage to get a part to fix it. Rinse and repeat. The direction indicator on your visor that lets you know where to go is a 2D circle with arrows on it. You are floating in 3D space. I found the 2D indicator on where to travel in 3D space to be almost useless. Don't tell me to turn left or right when it is off in another direction altogether. Give me the actual vector! After following the arrows, avoiding massive electrical arcs along the way, to only arrive full circle where I started, making no progress, to be a huge pain. I was often lost and didn't know where to go or why. And why should I care? I'm bored out of my mind. There are no real challenges besides navigation. The emails and voice logs are entirely uninteresting. The whole thing is extremely repetitive. Don't bother.Oh, and how is it that every floating piece of space debris is powered and sparking? Is there a power plant every 2 feet?"
76561197968598356,Recommended,300060,22143866,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HeadlessRoland,"Can't believe I'm writing a review on Steam (I'm too old for this), but WOW! Finished Adr1ft (VR version--Oculus Rift DK2) last night and dreamt in zero-gee all night--some part of my brain was utterly convinced that I had just returned from space.This is easily the best VR experience I've ever had. It's a perfect marriage of setting (microgravity) and medium (VR). The gameplay really comes down to just learning to orient and navigate in zero-gee. No shooting, no saving-the-earth-from-aliens, very little typical videogame BS overlaid on the experience. More than anything, it's a spacesuit simulator, in one of the most visually and auditorily stunning environments ever created for a game.The story is subtle, fragmented, revealed in perfectly bite-sized pieces. In the end it has a similar effect to the game mechanic--it leaves you feeling disoriented, perhaps a little upset, definitely transported into another person's life.Adr1ft feels like the first game to define the possibilities of a new platform, or even a new medium entirely. The comparisons that come to mind to me are Blade Runner, the nineties CD-ROM game which finally did something with that much-abused technology, and Ico, the PS2 title that showed that a console game could have depth through the sheer force of its gameplay, pacing, and environmental design.If you have access to a VR headset you have to try it. Yes, you might get a little sick at first--it happens to real astronauts, too--but hang in there, that's part of the challenge. Eventually you get your space-legs, and then it happens, you get to live every child's dream of being an astronaut. Afterward, when you're out of the headset and back home, your conscious mind may tell you that you were only playing a game, but your dreams will tell the truth--you were there, in space."
,Recommended,300060,22969370,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Marcus Roberto,"Pros:- Good atmosphere- Breathtaking graphics and scale- Its really tense struggle to find canisters when you're running out of air.Cons:- Extreme back and forth, becoming moronic after a certain time- Bad map and compass, making it hard to judge where to go next"
,Recommended,300060,22107705,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Devils Own,"Holy hells, was I expecting this game at this budget to be this well real good. I have it on Epic and running a GTX 750 TI and getting 60 FPS. So I give thumbs up for the game being well optimized and great.So let me start off saying about the game. It is the most beautiful looking game I've played too long, right next to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. The story is very intriguing and the game itself is very intense when the entire time you are doing all these tasks to get yourself home, you start to wonder and even get to the point of doubt if you'd ever make it back, listening to your fellow humans and command below doing everything in their power to help, only to realize your up there and they're not. The story is gripping hands down.Other than that, the game is extremly well done and I'm personally having a great experience with it and I hope everyone else gives this game a try. It is a real good price for the game you get, and I highly recommend it.I mean hell, you can do barrel rolls in space."
,Recommended,300060,22806552,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all, EGD St4lk3r ,"I recommed this game to anyone that is facinated in space and sci-fi. This game has a great story line and great charachter devolpment and dont get me started on the ending, the ending was very plot twisty like in alien and all those other space movies. I personally give this game a 9.5/10 its pretty good!"
76561198310465426,Not Recommended,300060,24198762,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,veeshyvive,"why the **** is this listed on steam store as - compatible headsets: htc vive, oculus rift, when it only supports oculus rift... waste of money and effort."
76561198001030681,Recommended,300060,22947584,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ransak,I bought this before I even owned a Rift. I waited for two months before I could even play it.It was worth the wait. It's one of the few non-cockpit games I feel actual presence. Worth. Every. Cent.
76561197992525604,Not Recommended,300060,24581769,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Vulpeculus,"Played it with Vive System.I sure haven't played it that much... I got motion sickness  as I've never felt before after a few minutes of gameplay:you cannot turn you head around because the view is blocked by the helmet, so you have to use the trackpad to move the view and you'll probably feel sick by doing so.  Try this while doing a barrel roll (which is often required to adjust the tilt) may lead to imminent barf. The game is visualy quite realistic though, because I was instinctively afraid to barf in my IG Helmet, but I really did not find it as immersive as other VR experiments and games.This may be due to the controls which are not very friendly. I'm aware that evolving in a newtonian physics space void is quite tricky, but the controls aren't intuitive (on the Vive at least), and going from bottles of 0² to bottles of O² is not as enjoyable as I thought, and becomes even tedious.Vive controllers are not that useful, you can still punch into flying object which is quite enjoyable, but also breaks the immersion as you still see the hands of your character doing something else.Not being able to rotate your view properly is a really poor choice in a VR game, even if I understand the realistic approach behind it.Adr1ft was one of those games who made me buy a VR system, but in fact it looks like it is a Non-VR game that wanted to be VR, but that cumulates too many mistakes to be immersive and pleasant.Maybe you could give it a try on a flat screen, I guess it would be more enjoyable, but I'm not sure it would have a lot of interest.I've asked my first steam refund for this game, 'nuf said."
,Not Recommended,300060,22113033,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SvensPron,"What should be a terrifying experience quickly turns into dull busy work that never quite manages to instill any real sense of peril in the player. On top of that, the meager storytelling and characterisation fail to pull in either.Might be worth it if you own a VR headset for the experience of floating in outer space though."
76561197991974136,Recommended,300060,22170280,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Lippykid,"Adr1ft is a beautiful experience. It puts you alone, floating high above the Earth. Oddly for a game that has you fighting for each breath, it also given you room to breathe and to think. It's not so much about filling the game world with things to do, but instead tells a story that encourages reflection on things you have done. The sensation of floating in space is truly awe inspiring. Even on the DK2, looking down at Earth as you hang in the void of Space is an amazing site.Admittedly I'm only half way through, but so far the game is a joy. It loses a little something when not playing in VR, but as a showpiece launch title for the Oculus Rift, it is stunning."
,Recommended,300060,22142931,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,himmatsj,"Adr1ft was one of my most eagerly anticipated games of 2016. I am a huge fan of the First Person Experience genre and have played almost all of the major games of the genre (such as SOMA, Firewatch etc) in the recent past.Sadly I must say, I think I hoped for too much. The game is not at the level I expected it to be. There is a compelling lack of narrative or action.Adr1ft is less similar to Gravity (the movie) than it is to Gone Home. Make no mistake, there is much more interactivity here and some actual gameplay mechanics (such as collecting oxygen tanks to stay alive) as compared to Gone Home, but at the end of the day, on a 0-100 scale, I would say it tends to Gone Home more on the lower end of that scale.There is no real actual narrative, aside from collecting audio logs that shed light on the backstory of the characters on the station. You have to do 4 missions to restore your EVAC vehicle. All those 4 missions are the same thing. I was really surprised. There are no action scenes. The oxygen tank mechanic is actually something I felt irritated with, cause when you ""die"" you have to restart from a previous checkpoint and it just seemed immersion-breaking. The navigation is really disorientating (maybe it was designed this way intentionally, so I give them the benefit of the doubt).Adr1ft does do some things correctly. I think the atmosphere is spot-on. I didn't play in VR, but the visuals and physics felt decent. I did feel ""heavy"" myself after playing the game due to the floaty nature of gravity in space. The optimization of the game is fair I'd say - not particularly outstanding, but not outright terrible either. Expect to take around 4-5 hours to complete on your first run, or maybe more if you get lost while navigating around.Adr1ft isn't a bad game per se, but it didn't manage to meet my expectations. This could have been so much more. From a narrative perspective especially, I think the devs could have tried harder. Perhaps, I could say this isn't worth $20. But do get it once it hits half of that price or lower."
,Recommended,300060,23971853,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mentasm,"I'm going to go ahead and recommend this game for anybody new to VR.Firstly let's talk about what the game isn't (and what people complain about).  It's not complex, there are very little (or no) puzzles.The game is all about the polished visual element. You've survived a disaster in space and you have to make your way from one checkpoint to another.  This game is about potential I think for what games could be, which is more about 360 degree story telling and some low to mid level user interaction.The controls are awkward, as they should be since you're floating in a cumbersome space suit.So for the brief amount of time that I've played this, I feel like I've gotten the jist.  I did have to stop though because I'm prone to nausea with locomotion games, but I am definitely compelled to pick it up again.  It's a beautiful game.I'd say pick it up on the steam sale.  Its easily one of the top experiences out right now for VR."
76561197972025376,Not Recommended,300060,24596599,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,justintd,"They tacked on HTC Vive controls to make us buy, but it was a trick. The motion controls don't even work with the in-game hands, and the controls are horrible. I never feel motion sickness, but this game was able to make me feel it. I'm returning this, but I'll buy again if they improve the controls and make the hands motion-controlled."
76561198026521744,Recommended,300060,31139371,Posted: 14 April,all,Chronic The Hedgehog,"I so badly want to continue playing this game.  Due to severe motion sickness I couldn't progress further than the EVA training.  Beautiful aesthetic, smooth graphics and movement and feels good to play (despite the motion sickness)."
,Recommended,300060,23326644,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sulnaal,"This game is absolutely gorgeous! I don\'t understand why it gets so many negative reviews beeing it is very well made. You can see that a lot of effort was put into it\'s development and it definatelly paid off. True, it\'s not action packed, there is no heroic hero not looking back at explosions nor epic car chases but those were not the goals here. This game provides amazing and immersive experience of beeing in space, while keeping you busy trying to survive catastrophic event on the orbital station you are at. There is also a background story which highlights lifes of crew members of the station and chain of events that lead to the accident. And while I have not played it with VR i can see this games positive rating would triple if only more people had an opportunity to try it, as this game was obviously made to enjoy it the most in VR. All in all this game is not for everyone, if you believe BF or COD are standards for gaming then just avoid ADRIFT but if you\'re like me and love to immerse yourself into beautifull virtual worlds, especially the ones in space then don\'t hesitate and try it out."
76561197970853294,Recommended,300060,23125707,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,PaperstreetSoapCo,If you own a VR Headset (Oculus DK2 works fine btw) this is a no-brainer. Looks great and feels really intense. Also you get a really good idea how to move and how to better move not in VR.Without a VR Headset it is a kind of boring but also nice looking walking sim in space. Wait for a sale if you like such games at all.
,Recommended,300060,22665686,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Weeddrunken,"6/10None-VR-Experience""Too many expectations...""First of all Adr1ft is definitely not a survival game! Adr1ft is a beautiful but slow-paced space adventure,  with a lil' bit of a story, set on a futuristic ISS in the year 2034 where things have gone totally wrong. Unfortunately there's no introduction / intro video at all. Also O2 is pretty rare in space, but the broken space station in Adr1ft has plenty of it floating - steady - everywhere. Another downer for me was the fact that I didn't got the scary feeling of I am in outta space (e.g. ELITE: Dangerous), and I am afraid of heights... And last and least, i ran into two problems;1st:""It often felt like I already did that before.""&[/i]2nd:[/i] ""The astronaut's movement strongly reminds on <wire loop>*, but you are the wire."" Nevertheless Adr1ft is a game and not a tech demo, but maybe not a very exciting one.Pros:+ great graphics+ very good setting+ good gameplay+ okay atmosphere+ okay story+ okay sound/ost+ okay controlsCons:- setting definitely not exhausted- missing atmosphere/complexity/depth- no ""i am in outta space"" feeling- ""floating"" parts/debris of the space station appear way too static- no intro/outro-*<wire loop>: touching the floor/wall/ceiling creates damage- not very long (5hrs) & gets repetetive- no key remapping- manually switching the language via the *.ini file- is a space station in the year 2034 really that colorful??!If you wish to get the space ""height"" feeling from ELITE:Dangerous / Gravity, wait for another title. If you want a short astronaut experience go for it."
76561197989906616,Recommended,300060,22730704,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Steboost,"NONE VR REVIEW.ADR1FT is a highly immersive walking sim in space. As an experience it's hard to match, but if you strip it down it's super basicThe visuals are stunning, Genuinly jaw dropping if you have a facination with space.The gameplay is quite simple, go to each of the 4 cores and fix them then return to the central hub.All the while refilling your Air supply (that you have to use for movement & breathing) and not smashing your delicate suit. The air is quite abundant so you rarely feel criticaly rushed but always urged to keep moving, The only real danger is the Electricity capacitors you encounter that send you flying AND drain a chunk of your air reserve.Getting lost/confused can be an issue but with the mini map & computers back in the hub what you need to do is well indicated you just kind of dont always see it.Plot is slim & told via audio logs/computer terminals. It's servicable but I didn't pay much attention to the back story.Character movement is slick & smooth with a nice feel once you get to grips with the 6 way movement.Despite it's simple gameplay ADR1FT is well worth the experience and I highly reccomend it if it sounds like your kind of game. It's not action, It's not guns it's simply the best spacewalking sim out there..."
76561198032469922,Not Recommended,300060,23737487,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Scourge31,"Buyer beware this is not a space survival game. This is a VR show pice and a deeply frustrating one at that. Firstly the only survival element is that you need oxygen which you not only breathe but also expell for propulsion. To anyone with more than a D in middle school science this is absurd (a cupfull of O2 would last for hours maybee days, if used for propulsion it would be gone in seconds) but thats ok as a game mechanic it's reasonable. To replanish your O@ you need to catch oxygen bottles that are rendomly floting next to an open box that contained them. You never open the box or interact with it they are all split open every one on the whole station. Once you figure this out you make your way to the central hub. Once there you start working towards launching an escape pod. Seems simple enough but no this pese of emergency equipment requires all parts of the station to be functional. Yes thats right you cant use the lifeboat unless the station is tip top and you dont need to. After cringe and make it past the absurdity you get sent to repair the computer, which is in the center hub wich isnt damaged. No no dont try to think just go with it float (painfully slowly to increase game time) acros the wrecked station segments they are severed but magic holds them in place to the outermost node and fabricate a replacement part (by getting to a computer and clicking enter antil it gives you a token). Aaaand then?? you got it back to the hub (why is there no backup? why is the token dispenser hell knows where instead of where the tokens are used never mind dont ask these questions). Once back glory haleluja the dor to the core opens and you float (at a a snails pace) to the computer core thrugh a vast cathedral like space that has grape leaves in it and servs no purpes whatever. In the computer core another surprise of the third kind you need 3 more tokens from the other extremes of the station. Argh I dont know what game the reviewers played, how anyone could expereance anything other then frustration playing this. It was such a cool premmise survival on a wrecked station. Looks spectacular it realy does (never mind water bubbles floting in space exposed to hard vacume) I hoped to salvege parts repurose them build and expand a safe area craft gear to venture further in to the wreck. No nothing a few e-mails and audio clips tha tell you about your dead crew erelevant to task at hand anyway. save your money wait for a better game."
,Not Recommended,300060,24058498,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Exxodos,"I saw a preview and was fascinated by this great setting. So i bought it in the Summer Sale - and was very disappointed. The graphics are fine, the sound is nice - but that's it. The navigation is a mess, you barely know where to go and how to get there. A 2d compass in a complete 3d environment is not really helpful. The game itself is quite simple, too: Go there, do this - and don't suffocate. The idea of harvesting oxygen is good, but because you find O2 flasks everywhere it's not even a little challenging. I got a refund, because imho it's not worth the 10 bucks. Maybe if you have VR it's more fun - but i doubt it."
,Recommended,300060,32517501,Posted: 17 June,all,Gillwindy,"Fancy graphics, nothing much to play.still recommend when -60% or higher discount, because it looks really fancy.+Looks nice+VR-you literally floating around, control is not awful but certainly not good.-dizzy-soooooo slow to fly around, annoying if you trying to do some achievements-speaking of achievements, you will met 3 ""Astronaut Tokens"" in your way towards objectives and one achievement ask you only have 2 when finish this game, this means if you are not aware of that, which most of us did (2.4% get this achievement), you need to restart whole game and floating another 3 hours just for this achievement!!!!"
,Recommended,300060,22212915,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/gl5CAj3jVu4TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!ADR1FT is an atmospheric space walking simulator where you are stranded in space, and must find a way to survive and get back home.The game is meant to be played using VR, but VIVE is not available yet, so I played without using VR. The game focuses a lot on having a stunning environment. The inside of the stations are very nice looking. I love the beads of water just floating around inside, it looks so neat. The visuals are absolutely beautiful outside of the station, and everything looks so pretty.The game plays like a walking simulator, except, it’s in space. The zero gravity requires you to move in all directions to keep yourself from bumping into things. If you bump into anything, your helmet becomes cracked, and if you bump into things too often, it will start leaking oxygen at a faster rate. If you run out of oxygen, you suffocate and die. I like the idea of the suit becoming damaged because it forces you to maneuver yourself more accurately, but I wish they had made it so that it takes your velocity, and the location of impact into account. It makes no sense that my helmet becomes cracked if I slowly descend, and bump my feet.As you use your thrusters to move around, you will consume your oxygen faster, so you have to grab fresh oxygen canisters or refill at an oxygen station. When you are floating from one part of the station to another, oxygen is consumed faster out in the open. I like that there is some importance in getting new oxygen, but the canisters are so plentiful, as long as you don’t spam your thrusters, it doesn’t usually become an issue.Pros:some VR capability, and full controller supportgorgeous graphics, and a very beautiful, immersive environment (this is the main focus of the game, and the main reason to play it, and they did a fantastic job with it)voice acting in the audio logs, and ambience sounds are well donea separate game mode that unlocks after you complete the main story, where your oxygen doesn’t deplete, so you can take all the time you want to explore and enjoy the graphicsCons:VIVE support won't be available until May 2016controls are not customizable (most people will be fine with the defaults) movement feels a bit awkward in small areas when trying to grab itemshorrible music in many parts of the game that actually take away from the immersive experience (you will want to turn this down or mute it completely)really annoying beeping sounds when you are outside the station and losing oxygen faster (even if you have full oxygen, it beeps the whole damn time you're outside)story was bland - basically, you are stranded in space, you have to fix things, and try to get homelack of connection to the charactershelmet cracks when ANY part of you hits things, even at super slow speedsmap indicators aren't always clear about which way to go to get to the objectiveI would have liked more backstory via audio and video log files. In a world so beautiful and immersive, I found it really hard make a connection with any of the characters. I didn’t learn enough to care about the crew or even the character that I was playing - she never speaks or reacts to any of the information I discover, so why should I care if even the character I'm playing doesn’t seem to?The main story took me just over 5 hours, but it would have been shorter if I didn’t get stuck. The map indicators were telling me where the objective was, but not how to get there, so I got lost outside, and didn’t know how to get back in.I can’t see wanting to replay the main story, but ADR1FT does have a bunch of achievements for finding various items, and with the infinite oxygen mode, I will be playing the game again when the VIVE is compatible to explore more and check out the beautiful environment in VR.Conclusion:The game is too short for the cost. Even though it was such a beautiful game, with the lack of connection to the characters, and the dull story, I would suggest waiting for a decent sale.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561197991568700,Recommended,300060,26060434,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lithonion,"I have to say I really enjoyed this game.  I think if I played it without VR I would not have enjoyed it as much and most likely not even finished it.  Yes the game was pretty much rinse and repeat for everything you had to do as others have stated.  Also it did have some bugs that where game breaking.  I had to restart the game three times before I got through it due to waypoint glitches.  Even with that, I would still recommend this game.  If you love a slow paced game that you have to have a little patience to play but love space you will probably enjoy this.  But if you don't have VR I am not sure it would be worth it.  My wife has it on her Steam account and no VR and she didn't like it that much.  I let her check it out with VR and she couldn't believe how much more engrossing it was."
76561197964416682,Not Recommended,300060,22190714,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,nine,"I want so bad to recommend this game... Even with out VR...  but as someone else stated.  It is a drawn out tech demo...  Face plant here... It was so good when it started only to end in a repetitive set of tasks of -visit computer... get mission to repair Mainframe.   Visit mainframe to build a disc.  Insert disk in a station above original computer... Return to computer...  Turn left now do next computer / mainframe / disc.... repeat 3 more times.  THIS GAME WAS SO CLOSE..... But no content, and no connection...  I enjoyed Firewatch's story... I did not enjoy this story.  I would describe it as Confusing, Lost, Clumsy.  Did they just run out of time on this project?  Even with VR this game would not have held someones actual attention doing fetch missions 4 times .  Again this game is so close.  I enjoyed at least the first few hours, and then I realized the scheme and that was it...Would I buy this game again at 20 bucks?  Yes....  Would I be happy when I finished? Nope"
76561197983546083,Recommended,300060,22144536,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Rapheus,"This is a very unique and positive experience, but I feel that there could have been a little bit more.  6.5/10Every aspect of the environment, graphically and the games physics, are superb.  It really is a visual feast and I felt the game (using a monitor) really gave a great sense of awe and scope.  If I can grab a VR set in the future, I very much look forward to playing this game again using them.With regards to the controls, a lot of other reviews have stated a clunky feeling.  I used a contoller for my playthrough, and it was quite a nice feeling.  The force feedback was used well and contributed to the sense of environment.  I also found the analog sticks and triggers worked very nicely with the slower more precise form of maneuvering required for this game.  I cannot speak for mouse and keyboard users.The sound design was strange, imo.  Most of the time, atmospherically, it was fantastic.  Other times the music was forced upon you and it could be very disjointed, almost headache inducing.  With the inability to disable music in the main options, this was a disappointment.I really enjoyed what was available regarding the characters and story, but I won't speak to details so I don't ruin any spoilers.  I will simply say, I really wish they had gone a bit deeper, using a bit more creativity with regards to interactivity with the station and crew.A victim of their own amazing design, in the sense that so much more could have been achieved with this concept, Adr1ft still provides a very interesting and otherworldly experience that any space or science fiction fan could enjoy."
,Not Recommended,300060,24957758,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,numd,"I bought this game due to the promised Vive support in May. When the Vive support finally arrived, months later, every time I played it, it crashed Steam entirely. This is the only game that has happened on VR or not, and is extremely frustrating when you have to pull off the headset, restart Steam, etc. I was denied a refund because I had purchased it so long ago, based on the May Vive support.With regards to the gameplay, it is mediocre at best. Very simple ""race to the next gas canister"". And having to replay large swaths of it due to the crashing makes it worse.Enjoy my money, fellas. You won't get any more of it."
,Recommended,300060,22135555,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Xarisnon,"Beautiful, exhilarating, breathtaking, awesome. Just a few words that came to my mind while playing ADR1FT.Take 1 part Gravity, 1 part 2001: A Space Oddity, 1 part DOOM, and 1 part beautiful and you have ADR1FT.Stop reading this and just play it."
,Recommended,300060,24146582,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,raptureonfire,"ADR1FT is a game full of great ideas and okay implementation. The basic premise is simple: you wake up floating in space following some mysterious catastrophe that occurred on your space station, and have to figure out a way to survive. I really enjoyed some aspects of this game, and felt bored by others.THE GOODADR1FT does a great job of setting the mood. Drifting alone in outer space is terrifying, when one really contemplates it, and ADR1FT captures this terror well. The game keeps you moving relatively constantly, and subjects you to scenery that can be both stunningly beautiful and breathtakingly terrifying at the same time. Let me say, simply, that peering over the nighttime lights of the Sinai Peninsula while attempting to repair a space station really moved me.THE BADUnfortunately, the *content* of the game itself lacks luster. The actions are repetitive, and you essentially do the same few actions over and over in order to 'win' the game. Meh - there were so many awesome opportunities for this game to shine, and it just didn't quite get there. Furthermore, the story of the catastrophe is buried in audio logs and in-game emails that, frankly, don't pull you in the way that I would have liked.Overall, I think ADR1FT is a decent game that really had the potential to be amazing. It could have pushed us further inside ourselves more; the setting of the game leads naturally to questions of what it means to be, both alone  and in a group. Had the game been somewhat less repetitive, I would have happily given this an 85. As it stands, I'll give it a 70/100."
76561198237103390,Recommended,300060,29882640,Posted: 12 February,all,Lossity,"A lot of people are talking bullsht about this game. I had been awaiting it for so long and the result is breathtaking. Especially in VR just amazing. the sounds, graphics and story are all great. Floating in constant fear that oxygen might drop all of a sudden. You gotta find your way through the giant wreck and span vertiginous distances between pieces of the station.Fantastic experience9/10"
76561198063844648,Recommended,300060,22170930,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DICEBlOCK,"I like it, even  with no oculus rift, you can get something wonderfull. Play it casually tho and don't rush it. The emotion you get is priceless."
,Recommended,300060,22172723,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,D-Vice,"Not bad. I was anticipating this release after building a new computer. I wanted something with beautiful graphics to see just how well the new computer could handle it.My biggest complaint is that I do run 3 24"" monitors on an eyefinity setup. There is no support for this so far. I run at a 1920 1080 resolution and all 3 monitors will display the same. If I make the resolution bigger, I can stretch to the end of all three but I lose quite a bit off the top and bottom. mainly the hud.After 2 hours of playing I feel as if I haven't accomplished much. This is a game of patience. You slowly drift around the wreckage of a space station. It takes a while to get used to navigating. You're in zero gravity, you can easily get disoriented (not a complaint there).All in all, it's beautiful. Listening to the audio is entertaining while drifting to your next location. Reading emails on the computer system is a little boring. Its a nice new concept of a game. A nice change of pace from the mainstream shooters, racing. strategy, and rpg games.Best part of all, $19.99 for a game just released?!?!?! Are you kidding me? Thats a frickin deal! If they release the capabilities to utilize eyefinity on a later patch I would be estatic. I already find myself holding my breath when I am looking for more oxygen, and being fully submerged into a 3 monitor setup would take the feel of this game to a whole new level.So if you need a game that would be a nice change of pace, I recommend this."
,Not Recommended,300060,23315163,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,abc2006,"Great idea of the Game. I just bought it for 50%off.Now, 5h later, i am finished. You have to complete 4 Missions, which consist of ""find the MainFrame, get a disc, get back to the center, insert, and once again, and again, and again. Then you can leave. What's the fun?You can fly free through the Environment. Thats cool, yeah. Until you reach end of air.  Longer flies without grabbing (or trying to) every air-can you see are possible on your Way back to the escape shuttle.But in this point my interest of looking around and finding some things was gone.I wish a little more story and much more brain twisters."
,Recommended,300060,22126222,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GasMask,The space ambient and the physics seems very realistic (as far as i can tell). The vistas are awesome. I believe having VR you can enjoy even more.But be warned: this is a very slow paced game.
,Recommended,300060,22536264,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Wildt,"VR (Rift CV1) playthrough review.In Adr1ft you're a female astronaut exploring a space station that inexplicably has been torn asunder. Equipped with only the oxygen consuming thrusters your suit, you're propelling yourself about in zero gravity looking for other suvivors and clues to what happened, before hopefully finding a way to get back home.I guess you can call it a first person survial game with only 1 resource type (Oxygen), which comes in 2 shapes: Canisters floating about and wall mounted oxygen dispensers.So the core gameplay boils down to controlling your thrusters precisely (or die quickly) and efficiently (or die slowly) while solving the only real puzzle this game has to offer: Figuring out where the F... the 2D indicator wants you to go in 3D in order to reach the next mission objective. At first it's very straight forward, but towards the end of the game there's one part in particular where I wasted over 30 minutes doing something that in retrospect is comedy gold, simply because the game failed to convey what I was supposed to do. I didn't have the capacity to find it amusing at the time.I know I suck, and that I should just ""git gud"", but looking at forums, youtube walkthroughs, and review sites, I am one of MANY!The one big thing this title has going for it is the presentaion. It's looks GREAT, and the atmosphere is perfect and if it wasn't for some technical problems it is a VERY immersive experience. It has a ""Intense"" VR rating on Oculus home, and I've read many complain about nausea, but despite definitely NOT being immune to ""VR sickness"", I actually found this game pleasantly relaxing.Sound effects and voice acting is excellent, and while I enjoyed the atmospheric ambient music, I reckon the monotony of it might annoy some.The 3D engine performs poorly on two accounts:-Framerate. I got a I7 2600k@4.7ghz and GTX980TI and this game has LOTS of dips FAR below 90hz. It's VERY apparent, and only tolerable due to the great asynchronous time warp implementation in the Oculus SDK/runtime.-The dynamic LOD implementation. It's just way too crude, which is VERY apparent when outside the spacestation. I literally had HUGE spacestation debris chunks appear from out of nothing in an instant (taking up like 10-15% of my FOV).The game took me a little under 4 hours, including said involuntary detour. (Started in steam, finished in Oculus home version).I'm pretty undecided about this game. It has so many flaws, yet offers an experience that I feel like repeating once the technical issues are settled.I'm giving it 65%, but there's potential for so much more."
,Recommended,300060,33103476,Posted: 1 July,all,Momo,"A great cinematic experience, slow paced visually impressive with a reasonably okay storyline. There are some bumps and hiccoups. Best played with either the Gravity sound track or Interstellar sound track for the best experience.Played this in VR for around 40 minutes, it can be very very difficult at times, but also an incredible experience. Don't play this as your first VR game. If you've had some VR time this is a solid game, though not for long play sessions.Finally, nothing quite beats punting one of the floating lifeless corpses of your old crew through space with the aid of a free spinning solar pannel like this game did.https://clips.twitch.tv/BoxyRelatedWeaselBabyRage"
,Recommended,300060,22137541,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,aaagamer,"It's pretty and immersive and that's pretty much it. This is a space VR tech demo disguised as a walking simulator, there is no gameplay other than pressing buttons to progress. I played through the entire thing in one sitting and it took 4 hours. That being said it can still be confusing at times (mainly due to 2D compass).Also, while the game has fantastic art assets and sound, the music is absolutely terrible. It's not the ambient tracks that kill it, it's the god-awful 30 seconds obvious looping techno music that pounds into your ear drums at nonsensical times and can not be turned off. Never before has video game music made my head hurt. The music is so terrible I almost refunded the game before I finished it, thankfully the horrible noise can be snuffed out by completing certain objectives. Once I disocvered this fact racing to turn off the music became more pressing than finding oxygen.If you're anything like me, the ending will leave you pretty indifferent, as the story doesn't really build to a proper climax and the only reason to play the game again would be to show off the graphics to your friends or collect all the audio logs and misc. garbage. I like the little universe they established here but it's really only a snapshot.Overall it's an OK game, it makes me wish other space games had the attention to detail, immersion, and cool aesthetic. This game's ability to create a realistic feeling outer space experience is why I recommend it, because it's uncommonly good in that regard. (it's nice to have a space game in my collection with mostly realistic sound)Here's the question you have to ask yourself: is going ""woah cool"" to yourself a few times over the course of 3 hours worth 20 dollars?"
,Not Recommended,300060,25794019,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ozzyoscy,"I think ultimately it comes down to if you're a grinder who likes space. You move so slowly, with a dodgy map, and the game has been copy/pasted 3 or 4 times just to make it a few hours longer (even that's too long). So if you like both, you'll probably be fine.I love space games and exploring these kinds of settings, but the novelty of inertia wears off and then that's it. Nothing happens, you just float from A to B and back then to C and back over and over and over again.The graphics are nice, the vista is nice, but it's not enough today. X, Mass Effect, No Man's Sky and even Call of Duty, Killzone, Crysis, the space shtick, floating above a planet deal, is everywhere. We can get our 'ooo pretty space' kick from a huge pool of other games if the one we're playing isn't fun, the graphics don't compensate now.Plot is predictable. I mean you're the sole surviving member of an accident that killed everyone, and you were in charge. What do you think happened? And in fact nothing happens throughout the game. It doesn't throw anything at you, no set pieces or drama or big finale. Think again if you think you might experience splashdown in VR. The guy who wrote this probably sees this more as art than a game, and he wrote it during a time of strife. It leaves a sour taste that the man who thinks himself a martyr is Adam Orth, the notorious bigot who took to Twitter to inform us all how stupid and poor we are, trying to use the Xbox One as a class divider."
76561198056903463,Recommended,300060,22119156,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ferality,"It's a charming little game with impressive visuals, a depressing story, and not much replay value."
76561197997112152,Recommended,300060,26672430,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JG52Hintz,"NB! played with Oculus Rift.This is my first review in Steam,  im so hyped!Beautiful and immersive game--!!!My play time now is 5h.You really feel you are in real space station alone, so immersive.. like movie Moon.Graphics are perfect!I played once 3 hours non stop with Oculus Rift ))Please-please release more series like Adr1ft 2 or similar.Best space experience you can get  !!!"
,Recommended,300060,29144123,Posted: 9 January,all,LameWalletChain,"Great game. Solid gameplay, story and music.This game kind of reminds me of Gone Home. Mostly because the music is really good and at times it feels like a walking simulator. That said, it is still has goals and stakes; it is possible to die.I finished the game in about 6 hours. That can be a plus or minus depending on what you are looking for. I'm not sure about replayability but I could see how this could be a lot of fun with VR."
,Not Recommended,300060,31180789,Posted: 16 April,all,TASc,"Lovely setting (although it could varied slightly more), fantastic graphics, great idea, and I'm sure it's amazeballs on VR, but I played with M&KB, it was just too repetitive for my liking... The story relies soley on finding audio logs, and listening to incoming transmissions.... I just didn't care... I just wanted to get home.Sadly it just isn't engaging enough... My gaming time is pretty valuable these days, which is why I wouldn't recommend spending the 3-4 hours required to complete this game, especially at full price.If you have VR and plenty of time to game, then sure go ahead and get it, but for some one like me, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198063570798,Recommended,300060,22271876,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,D. Jankovic,"After few hours of gameplay, I finally finished the game, I have some SSD`s left, but I don't really care about it.Here is my review:A game I BEAUTIFOUL I love it. Amazing graphics, amazing detailsGameplay was nice.There are few flaws in a movement that I didn't like. Why is she not using god damn hands to push herself from objects, Take on Mars has this in their game and it feels so natural, I don't get it if I am traveling to fast in forward direction why is she not able to put her hands in front and stop the movement and rather decide to smash with freaking helmet in the wall :DThe story wasLAME, I did all that stuff to fix the damn craft to go home and then some chick is yelling at me that she is disappointed and I need to explain myself. And the story was too repetitive, doing the same thing 4 times to get the pod working and in the meantime upgrade the suit I didn't like that. Other astronauts didn't even care about them except getting in their personal rooms and smashing their stuff to make it fly across the room :D""Well, you've gotta admit one thing, can't beat the view."""
,Recommended,300060,22226615,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TheClevelander,"Just finished the game. I can honestly say I enjoyed it -- as much as I possibly could have without a VR headset. This game really needs VR in order to be successful.As far as the gameplay, it is very copy/paste based and the idea behind the lifeboats not functioning without the station's computers is quite... out there.8/10, wish I had a VR headset. :("
,Recommended,300060,22329918,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[GAZArts],"I thought long and hard before buying this game purely because although graphically gorgeous it was getting some negative reviews in regards to game play, One reviewer said that having to scavenge around for oxygen ruined his experience because he couldn't 'take his time' and felt 'rushed' which is absolute rubbish, there is so much oxygen floating about the debris fields to swipe as well as Oxygen wall dispensers on the station one could probably fill the station full of balloons and still have some left over to keep the lungs happy.  I'm actually amazed this was such a big issue for some that the developers had to make a unlimited oxygen option.Anyways i digress. My Thoughts: The game is beautiful, the story is rich, the voice acting is superb, i was very much invested in what shi* went down here. I enjoyed the exploration and locating items, completing a puzzle (in this case activating some vital environmental systems) feels very rewarding. The audio and soundtrack is enjoyable. I’m really enjoying these style of games. Keep em coming!"
76561198025294881,Recommended,300060,23337622,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,biketyson,Absolutely amazing experience with Oculus.
76561197975419221,Recommended,300060,23753018,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,The longest ive spend with the rift on. i Like this game. One of the best so far.
76561198038570177,Recommended,300060,22136329,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ryder,"OK, I got it working with the Rift...It's more of an ""experience"" than a game...  the game elements seem rather ""tame"", but it keeps things moving along.You drift through a space station... not your everyday situation, so that was enjoyable enough.  After a time though, I feel like I need to hurl chunks.   Your mileage may vary.  It's probably ""moderate"" on the comfort scale.There are options built in to help you recover from nausea when needed, and they helped.  A little.  But not in time.  I need a new keyboard.The sets are decent... lighting is above average.It's a VR toy in my view... and a good way to introduce friends to VR."
,Recommended,300060,22136940,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,EK2,its visually stunning and suspenseful!Perfect when playing at night when bored :)For those interested on the Frame-rate:GTX 970 & i7 6700K Benchmarks:(1080p)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9PBAMbGjec(4K)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXiAXpZAuTA
76561198062718950,Recommended,300060,22147433,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mr.Robot,This game is amazing. very nice graphic
76561198070733413,Not Recommended,300060,23596347,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ramsay Bolton,"I was quite dissapointed. I knew it was a rather ""slow"" game. But there is no excuse for that useless map or the fact that I get lost every 10 minutes. The game crashed on me already 3 times. In addition, in a game like this I would like to find out more about the characters. The game tries but does not succeed"
,Recommended,300060,22243530,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,nutcrackr,"ADR1FT is a deliberate and pleasant floating simulator that maintains rigid focus on free movement. The navigation with six degrees of freedom can be confusing but the game cleverly minimizes problems. Even the simple narrative meshes well with the theme and game speed. Like the first spacewalk in history, it is not without problems; in this case, the simple and repetitive tasks, bizarre audio log mishaps, and occasional disorientation. It might be too slow for some, but the spacewalk experience is soothing even under the constant threat of suffocation. Listening to a Beethoven sonata as you drift away from the safety of a space module is relaxing and facilitates introspection. ADR1FT’s careful design and basic mechanics will earn lasting respect after you come back down to earth.Read full review"
,Recommended,300060,25777346,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Grey Fox,"Recommending this game is a real conflicting experience. On the one hand it's utterly breathtaking in both VR and on a regular monitor. On the other I still have no idea where Orth and company were going with the story.This is a stunning game. Period. The fully rendered Earth is ever present below you in your orbit and gives the destoryed space station an amazing sense of wonder. The first hour or two is intense as you scramble for life saving air packs. These are the game's source of pressure and motivation so you don't just aimlessly float about space. It's a simple mechanic and it works well enough if a little tedious at times.What I really didn't get though was the games attempts at story. Told through emails in abandoned crew quarters, radio transmissions lingering in the void, or random audio files stored all over the station. They seem to imply possible negligence on behalf of your character but never really go beyond vague allusions. The final cut scene dives into this and attempts to be emotional but with no clear connection to my character or the dead ones about the station it falls flat. Still it's a one of a kind experience and worth the price of admission on that alone."
,Recommended,300060,23310537,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,lessthanzach,"I'm starting the review now, even after playing under an hour.  As a foreword, I will be updating this review as I am further in the game and/or have beat the game.  But first thing's first:  This game dropped my jaw from the title menu.  A true showcase for VR.  This makes such wonderful use of the 3D imaging within the R1ft while having stunning and atmospheric graphics and sound design - all leading to some of the best immersion you can imagine.In regard to comfort while playing this game in VR, it can be intense during particular cinematic when you are not necessarily in control of the movement you experience.  In these moments, if you're becoming sick, you can hold B on the controller and all but just the very center of your view becomes obscured reducing almost all sense of movement.  During regular gameplay I rarely felt uneasy.  The only times are when you hold X to interact with a computer screen and the movement brings you very close to a screen very quickly which made me cringe once or twice.Will update further down the road.  The game is $10 on sale right now - go buy it immediately."
76561198074848952,Recommended,300060,34272109,Posted: 16 August,all,Thirsty Robot,"I can totally understand why some might write this game off as an average, to below average experience. There really isn't much game here, and what they do give you, is the same thing over and over again.With that said, playing this on Oculus Rift (VR is the only reason to play this game) was an unforgettable experience. It's been a year since I finished it and I still think about it. They absolutely nailed what it may feel like being lost up in space, and isolated.Because of its lasting effect on me, I gotta give it a thumbs up. It's a fantastic audio/visual experience, and while the core gameplay was on the thin side, the rest held it afloat for me. It's still one of my favorite VR games to date."
76561198085318221,Recommended,300060,22255558,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,getTHISwork,"Not a bad game, it's not something that you play through in one sitting. The puzzle aspect isn't hard, pretty much the same thing that you got to do. The game is gorgeous and the controls aren't bad, it really feels like you're in space; at times it can be tideous to move around and dodge. I hope that they have more content for it in the future; I definitley recommend this game. Peace"
76561198079218184,Recommended,300060,22229764,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kronk,"only 60 mins in but game looks beautiful, runs well, also hits you in the feels at some points. I little hard to control first but you will get ahold of it. Would be much better in VR though."
,Recommended,300060,22246274,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lifelesspig,"Great game for people who love space alot. Bad otherwise, for it is very slow.Great graphics and it is very realistic, not just because of graphics, but it has a realistic feel. Even without VR it feels like you are there."
76561198054333914,Not Recommended,300060,24148544,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,tony,"Performs terribly on the Oculus Rift. I got this game specifically to experience it in VR, but unfortunately it refuses to maintain 90 FPS, with frequent dips into the 50s. I have a 980ti, i7 3770k and 16 gigs of RAM, and this game still struggles in the Rift for some reason where all other games I play (including Project Cars) have no problem. I contacted support, and they were very responsive and friendly and tried their best to help, but couldn't fix my issues.Also, inexplicably, there are no graphics settings in the Rift. In desktop mode, there's a whole host of options, that are all unavailable in VR mode. For someone that is experiencing framerate issues, the lack of graphics options to tweak is maddening."
,Recommended,300060,22230266,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ozzy*,"I am very much a space gaming fan. I cannot recommend this space experience enough!! Seriously!!! Every single moment of this game is absolutely breathtaking. As a streamer, I played it through, which was a bout 4hrs 30min gameplay. I did not attempt the ""EVA Free Mode"" afterwards, but may go visit that as well. Seriously, go get this game!"
,Recommended,300060,22217752,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,neoadorable,"This is honestly my GOTY so far. If you like ""environmental exploration"" or walking sims with lots of style, excellently compelling mechanics, a solid backstory free of info dumps, and what i would like to think is one badass sexy protagonist, then Adrift is awesome. Looks great, runs great, really flows well. It's linear and always tells you where to go, but since you do play as someone intimately familiar with the location, that makes sense. Lots of influence from 2001, Gravity, Alien, and the EVA sequences from the Dead Space titles. According to Steam clock i'm like 3 hours in, but i think it's more - maybe 4? Probably if you take your time with the interesting collectibles you'll get 5-6 hours with Adrift. Not super lengthy but worth every second. A real 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,300060,22131375,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Daimo,"Needs a little polish but it's a game that you will want to play through in (mostly) one sitting. Basically you have to fly around repairing your suit and various systems of the station - if that sounds appealing you should enjoy this. That said there is no logic to the plot or the mechanics - everything is contrived for gameplay reasons, and you have to be willing to look beyond that. The biggest problem everyone seems to have is that this deserves to be a AAA game with the polish and action of Call of Duty - but it isn't, so everyone comes away feeling underwhelmed.There is a mp shooter called Shattered Horizon that is pretty similar in theme so check that if you want a shooter.Music is pretty jarring and the audio levels break the immersion [being fixed]There are no control issues (with keyboard at least)2D radar is pretty dumb (elite got this right in the 80's with a vertical line to indicate up/down)"
,Recommended,300060,22155578,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,|Z.N.| ArcticElysium |USA|,"NON VR REVIEWGreat game even for NON VR PLAYERS.STORY (SPOILER FREE)The story is okay...nothing really surprising here.+/- of the story.The Minus: If you don't interact with computers and find the recording devices with personal logs, you'll miss out on majority of the story.The Plus: There is plenty of story content but the story just doesn't seem very shocking in anyway. So if you want to know the story of the game, read all the E-mails and find all personal logs. You'll learn about the characters and story at the same time. That's where the game gives the + side to the story, makes the player engage and interact with the environment to learn about what's going on and what happened.PROS & CONSPros:+ Amazing visuals+beautiful enviroment+ optimization. I'm playing with AMD FX-6300 and a GTX 970. 60 FPS with an ocasional drop to about 50 to 55.+ lots of graphical options+ plenty of checkpoints+ tutorial teaches you how to play and work with the mechanics of the game.+ Sound design is amazing! ICons:- You can't rebind the controls.- navigation is confusing, I feel it should be more clear on where to go.- Story/characters are forgettable, besides your own.- A to B, progression while making sure you pick up oxygen so you don't die.- lack of stress and tension. (no real threat of dying or debris flying at high speeds towards you every X amount of minutes)RATINGMy rating would be 7/10.If they updated the game where Oxygen tanks were harder to find and they made some sort of debris field orbiting the earth and hitting the station every 10 or 15 minutes so you have a higher risk of dying or your EVA suit being damaged and leaking more oxygen..then it would get a higher score of about 8.5.TL;DRDo I recommend this game? Yes. The $19.99 price tag isn't that expensive, if they asked $39.99 I would say buy it on sale but seeing how it's only 20 dollars I recommend you pick it up.Would I replay it to get all achievements and hidden gems? Yes.Story is okay.Game looks great, runs great.Great solid game with some what of bland characters that don't really matter."
,Not Recommended,300060,22111237,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aeternull,"I'm sorry to say but the game is just so boring...All you do is EVA arround from point A to point B then to point C then back to B and then D and then back to C. So what happens between these points? Just EVA around, opening doors, getting O2. There is nothing else.Also the only people that talk in this game is the annoying AI that keeps repeating system status over and over again with his annoying manly voice. And people from Earth who also keeps repeating the same thing over and over.Bad things done with, let me write about what's good. One thing: Graphics. Yep that's all. I was playing it on 4K and it looked beautiful. Especially when you're outside looking down on Earth.BIG NOTE: I did not play the game with VR. I guess that's what the game is made for. A demo for VR. so I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT if you don't have VR.Hope this review will be helpful for some"
,Recommended,300060,27440119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,What an absolutely beautiful game! One of the best looking space games. The game continues to inspire me to become an Astronaut.
76561198053612082,Recommended,300060,23402916,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,michiel_renier,"Regardless of the mixed and negative reviews, I really liked this game!The atmosphere is great, the visuals are stunning and the oxygen canister hunt ends quite soon in the game after the first suit upgrade.. For me, it never was too frustrating..."
76561198108952114,Not Recommended,300060,28994162,Posted: 3 January,all,Torus,"Only VR game I regret buying. The controls are just so frustrating. Oxygen floating right in front of my face, but I can't use my hands to grab them. I mean I play games with 6 degrees of freedom like Elite Dangerous without any problem, but Adrift, feels viceraly unsatisyfing to play."
76561197971162994,Not Recommended,300060,28695087,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Deadlights-SLC,says motion controller support.... but its the the way of using a wii mote for smash bros.... terrible. trying got refund
76561198213234031,Recommended,300060,29542788,Posted: 28 January,all,Lt_Daniel_NB,"I personally enjoyed the game. It was fun and immersive, it could get slightly frustrating and somewhat repetitive near the end. The graphics do make up for it though. Sometimes I would just had to stop and stare at the Earth below me in awe, putting myself in the situation of what it must be like to be on a space walk, with limitted time, with a task to perform, and not being able to be mesmerized by the planet as you orbit around it."
76561197994902291,Recommended,300060,22363795,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,PaladinPizza,"A nice and pleasant experience.I would recommend using VR over regular, as the game is a lot more interesting in VR."
76561197977892146,Recommended,300060,29493187,Posted: 25 January,all,M6Hurricane,"While this game *can* be played in VR, I really don't recommend that you do because the motion sickness is real. Just imagine floating up while spinning on 2 axes... which happens often lol.However, that's not the game's fault, and the VR controls are quite good. The engaging atmosphere is  complemented well by the VR immersion, and hell even the motion sickness can be part of it... both you and the character are feeling concussed and nauseous, lol.The brilliant part of this game is that it's still brilliant when played with a mouse and keyboard. I definitely recommend getting this game, however be aware that this is less of a game and more of an experience. It's best enjoyed with the intention of taking one's time to get through it."
76561198005462391,Recommended,300060,22203741,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,procrash,"I'm not sure what I should think about this game.First of all the positve things:- Graphics are astonishing, the Space Station looks absolutely pretty,- Also the game music is very good.- After a while you also get very familiar with the controls if you make sure that you don't oversteer too much.Now the negative issues:One of my main critic about this game is the lack of variety:If you played the first 15 minutes you won't spot anything new during the game, despite story elements.Goal of the Game:In principal you have your space suit which lacks of 5 attributes after the space station explosion was happening, for instance mobility, integrity, thrust .... During the game you can repair your suit bit by bit by achieving some goals and finally take the emergency shuttle to earth. The problem of this is that the goal is always the same. Insert a core module into a computer and go on with the next module.Also the space station rooms are lacking of variety:As the player you get the feeling that you have seen this part of the space station already. If I wouldn't have had the radar I would have been totally lost in space as orientation with space modules like this is really hard. Sometime I was really struggling with the radar as it was turning in one direction and then imediately in the other direction until I finally realized that the way to go was directly over my head. Perhaps the developers can do something about this problem.Oculus Support:I bought this game as I wanted to play it on my Oculus DK2. As the movements from the camera are partly executed by a game script animation I was getting always terribly sick. Especially rotational movements and movements from the game animation (opening doors, refueling oxygen, going to a computer terminal) were the source of this. Finally I was very happy to see that the game is also playable without my rift. Otherwise I probably wouldn't have achieved the end.Story:Also from the Story I missed a lot of things. When I passed almost two thirds of the game I realized that I was totally missing the oportunity to scan the rooms. as I thought the audio recorders that you spot when opening the doors are everything that you can spot, but there's a lot more like computer terminals (not the ones you need to pass for completing game goals= or personal rooms of the crew are stuffed with things you can enjoy and find out more about the story. One of the things that might be improved is when you finish the game that you can read through everything and listen to all audio from the game again if you want without having the need in floating around again.To sum this up:If you are a gamer enjoying in floating around space and discover story elements without thinking about using your Oculus Rift I would recomment this game for you. Also the price of the game is reasonable as the play time is about 4 hours (I needed 6.4 hours). But what I like to see is more variety and challenges. Not that the oxygen levels are reduced like others claim as this would kill the discovery approach as users were forced to rush through the game but instead having more goals despite inserting just cores and continue with this job.If you're thinking about buying a game specifically for the Oculus Rift go ahead and buy Chronos. Absolutely worth the price and made for VR as you are not getting sick like with this game."
,Recommended,300060,25555690,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Florent P,"tl;dr : I definitely liked the game and I recommend it to those who like space and are curious.The game puts you in command of the (former) commander of a space station in its EVA suit.She wakes up in space, following a catastrophe that broke the station in dozens of chunks.You will learn more about the station, the catastrophe and the crews via audio logs, emails and bodies.What you have to do in the game is move around in order to ""activate"" the 4 sections of the station and then take the shuttle that takes you back to Earth.But the game is really bad at telling you this and you don't have any reminder of what is the ""active quest"".Also, you will get into trouble if you lack orientation.The game has a compass but it does only gives you direction in a 2D plane, so you may seems lost in this actual 3D environment where things can be anywhere around you.That being said, the game is really beautiful, the station is rather big and feels more ""realistic"" than many (the game is set about 20 years from now).Moving around is slow but not frustrating to me. I got a good impression of EVA.The sound design is good, with satisfying sounds from communication, computer voice and breathing but the immersion to broken by the others sounds that shouldn't be there since the environment is open space (literally).Overall I definitely recommend to buy the game just because it's different than many others.You just need to be slightly interested in space and be curious to enjoy it."
,Recommended,300060,34613640,Posted: 30 August,all,The Crazy Gringo,"I bought ADR1FT in a Steam sale the other day and since then I haven't been able to stop playing. It really is that immersive and beautiful.Cast adrift from a destroyed space station you play as the only survivor with a continually dwindling oxygen supply, which luckily you can top up from the many floating oxygen bottles that pass by as you float past and through the remains of the ship.Beautiful, lonely, dramatically striking doesn't quite do the game justice and it's all too easy to simply admire the view of Earth whilst forgetting that you've got repairs to do in order to get the rescue craft prepared.I've lost count of how many videos and screenshots I've taken and it's one of those totally immersive games that you hope doesn't have a swift conclusion, so I'm taking my time and drinking it all in.The game does have its shortfalls, namely the controls, which can't be changed or the keys rebound, but I'm happy to tolerate those for the sheere enjoyment. It also appears that the developers no longer support the game, which is a shame because at times it feels like it's not completely finished, more a work of art or a passion project.This is one of those games that doesn't come around very often and it's clear that the game designers gave a lot of attention to the details, much like Alien Isolation. Fortunately this game is just you, the space station, a view of Earth and a heck of a lot of space. No aliens in sight, thank goodness. However, a glimmer of hope in the form of evidence of another survivor, would give the loneliness a little hope.Definitely one of the best finds I've made in a Steam sale for many a long year and a game that is surprisingly chill and relaxing, particularly when Debussy tinkles away in the background.A beautiful game."
,Recommended,300060,22191733,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/jugstep,Game is beyond my expectations story is amazing so does graphics and all that. I'd give like %90 to %95 the only thing this game needs is a survival mode which you can repair your base find food and make equipment.Thus making game a little longer to finish also you can act wherever you want to go have suit upgrades maybe weapons or so.The main reason needs an update like this is no one ever created a game like this (except space engineers) but they are not this detailed and fps so this game can be the 1st of it's kind.Just a though.
,Recommended,300060,22277452,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ArticJay,I love space i love space games and i love the feeling this game captured with that. I got lost very early on but once i figured out where i was supposed to be and what i was supposed to be doing i started making strides of progress. I think the upgrades are a bit much a bit early but at the same time full upgrades and you can still die if you don't pay enough attentnion. I really think this game was really well done the story was a pretty nice story little cruel in some aspects but i was ok with that. All in all if you like a game with a full 360 degree of movement a full 360 degree enviroment aka what i feel is the most accurate game to do space i have ever played I strongly suggest this game. I loved it and will be playing free mode off and on just for more space fun.
,Recommended,300060,22242794,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lord Bobbymort,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥with the updates. Seems like there's been an update every day since launch. A 150-250MB update every day. Kind of rough for those with 1Mbps internet connections.
76561198014922770,Recommended,300060,22206286,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rebootcomputa,"Over all is a good game! If you like floating in space, could of been better though, good graphics, well optimised, FOV slider, intriguing story, however I felt the game was pretty short, and it could of benefit from a longer play and more depth in plot. The mechanics are simple yet good enough, it could of added more tools and resources on the hub though, like a flashlight when is dark....Overall great experience, and thats playing without a VR, but be warned if you are playing with a mouse, get ready to increase the sensitivity to the max otherwise you will run out of table moving the mouse to look around.Great; Music, sounds and graphics.Good; Story and mechanics.Poor; length and resources, (found it too easy towards the end)Probably a better experience on VR but it didn't disappoint for the price."
,Not Recommended,300060,32114396,Posted: 1 June,all,Pimpsoup,Too dizzy for VR and the controls are bad.
,Not Recommended,300060,30047337,Posted: 19 February,all,MsA,"The biggest problem this game has is inconsistencyI'm reviewing the game on a vive using the vive wandsIt has the controls set up for a realistic 6dof flight sim, so part of the gameplay is managing your momentum and making very precise micro-manuevres which is really fun.However, for some inconceivable reason the developers decided to take all controll away from you whenever you're close to an interactable object (be this one of the millions of o2 cans floating around, or a simple terminal).So what happens is you line yourself up with a doorway, and you give yourself some momentum so that you can coast throught that door without having to make course corrections (which consume  oxygen) and at the same time immerse yourself and take in the view.Buuut there's an oxygen canister (there are several in each room) floating around, which causes your character to automatically face it when you get close and try to track it which completely screws up whatever manuevre you're trying to do, causing you to spin out violently and bump against the wall.This ""feature"" is not even useful when you're actually trying to grab these cansiters, because you line your  approach up, and as you're thrusting towards it THE GAME FORCIBLY MOVES THE CAMERA AND YOUR CHARACTER and you'll miss it like  a clumsy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Just IMAGINE playing something like microsoft flight simulator, but whenever you fly by an airport the game tries to point plane straight towards the ATC tower on the ground and you have to do a paniced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ recovery every 15 seconds or so.This wouldn't be a problem if the gameplay and controls weren't set up so realistically, but right now they are incredibly complicated and require a lot of your attention to operate, and when you spin out because of aformentioned ""feature"" you feel utterly powerless.And nope, there are no options in the game, you can't rebind the controls (which are rather counter-intuitive), you can't change the graphics (I would much prefer a sharper image to particle effects and shadows). You can't even view the controls after the initial splash screen.Otherwise the game is high producation quality and i really think i would enjoy it if it weren't for the controls and lack of options."
,Recommended,300060,28482832,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Flake,"Do you like gravity? Well, this game doesn't have any. This is one of those games where I hope you have a hard constitution, ESPECIALLY if you're playing it in VR. (I got a little nauseated at times, nothing a little breaky-poo can't fix.)I love it though. It's very relaxing, if not a tad ""walking simulator."" I'd give it a ""why not?"" if that were an option but there's enough good in it that ""Recommended"" will do just fine. It's really something worth experiencing at least once. The storyline is spooky (but you can tell where it's going pretty fast); the graphics are beautiful but get a little repetitive; the controls are really quite strong but it takes a lot of getting used to."
76561198057037746,Recommended,300060,23312630,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jtgarren,Find this to be worth the $9.99 I payed for it. I had skipped it previously due to the mixed reviews but I have found it enjoyable so far. It seems to be rather short which is why some may have given it mixed reviews. Its taking a bit longer for me because I am one of those players that likes to explore every detail. If you fly through it I would imagine it would see pretty short. It does get a bit repetitive but the sense of movement I get with the Oculus Rift I don't mind so much. I have a stomach of steel so no motion sickness but I can imagine it would make some uneasy. Like most Rift games other than Lucky's Tale I get some eye strain after around 2 hours due to the jaggies in the distance but still enjoyable and worth the $9.99 I paid.
76561198071752858,Recommended,300060,23330345,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Bumchinelite,"Just wanted to give a quick review, its on offer at the moment and worth every penny, completed it in around 3 hrs. using the oculus rift it really did feel amazing,some of the display( especially within the helmit is so close that it kinda makes you crosseyed just trying to see it. i think after the three hours i played i begin to feel a little sick.That said the graphics are amazing, the game is very immersive and very pretty. the controls are easy and the only thing you have to worry about is running out of O2 which isnt gonna happen anytime soon,if you own a VR headset and this is still on offer then dont waste any time, you wont be dissapointed."
76561198033548989,Recommended,300060,23365568,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Parzival_BCB,Really great experience on the Rift. Feels a bit like your just going from point A to B with minimal interaction at first but it gives an incredible sense of scale and looks fantastic. Controls are intuitive and simple. Rolling can give some motion sickness and overal it's quite an intense game but definitely one of the top 3 experiences I've had in VR so far. Would definitely recommend it.
76561198021899277,Recommended,300060,24600163,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mad Dog Biff,"Amazing game. Real immersion. Looks stunning. Plays best seated with a gamepad , and I am a Vive user. A masterpiece of VR . So glad they released this on the Vive. Not finished yet but I know I will come back to this game many times."
76561198050670849,Not Recommended,300060,29950225,Posted: 15 February,all,Kikinaak,"The premise of the game is a great one, and perfectly suited to VR. I cannot speak to the VR experience or controls as I played on a monitor. I can say that the mouse and keyboard controls are horrid, with no ability to rebind them. What modern game these days lacks the ability to redefine input? This one. Gameplay itself is an exercise in frustration, compounded by the control problem, and consists of flying from checkpoint to checkpoint amidst the wreckage of a space station in orbit.Your suit, despite being a miracle of modern science, has a permanent oxygen leak that somehow gets much worse simply by moving form the vacuum inside the station to the vacuum outside. It is also extremely fragile, and doing so much as bumping a wall floating along at less than 1 mile per hour will cause the helmet to crack, worsening the oxygen leak and causing your projected hud to flicker and distort. Your oxygen is also used for propulsion, a jury-rig in response to the actual propulsion system being damaged. Yet somehow, not one of the suit repair stations can resolve this, despite being able to completely repair your cracked visor and distorted hud while they are in use. The story and gameplay were great ideas, but too much was handwaved in order to shoehorn in this artificial ""challenge"". This would be forgivable if the O2 use rate were set to a difficulty slider or able to be turned off entirely for those just looking for the story or to float around in space VR.Visually the game is beautiful, however I suffered from extreme popping and static in the audio during the game. All of my drivers are up to par and this is the only game that has a problem for me. YMMV but worth noting.Worst of all, despite many users on the forums leaving feedback on these issues, three one zero either cannot or will not address them.Bottom line: Great idea, execution is ruined by attempting to make it nintendo hard in all the wrong ways. IF 310 actually adds control remapping and a way to tone down or turn off the O2 gauge, might be worth it on sale. Until then, neither the game nor the devs deserve your $20."
,Not Recommended,300060,27677632,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TimsTelegram,"VR REVIEW: Falsely claims ""Tracked Motion Controllers."" The gamepad control scheme is simply mapped to the Touchpad and buttons on the Vive Controller resulting in 95% of the game being played using button presses. A tracked controller is only used is to point at an object and that is an unnecessary action.***I believe this is a larger issue with the Steam store and VR. Many games are now being advertised with “VR support / capability” when developers are just quickly (and terribly) changing control schemes to grab more money. I ask Steam to address it at the overall Store Level. I believe there needs to be more stringent requirements or categories for VR. Otherwise the store is going to get flooded with fake VR gimmicks, while well thought out games like Hover Junkers, HordeZ, or The Gallery etc. won’t get the credit they deserve."
76561198041948835,Not Recommended,300060,24639354,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Prismendrache,"2 out of 5 spacewalksIn the near future there is a space station. Obviously it's prepared for pressureloss and astronauts wearing EVAsuits, since there are O2 refill stations all over the place. And astronauts will need them, since the EVAsuit designers decided to implement just a tank for 5 minutes of oxygen: to breath and for thrusters. And guess what a trained astronaut does: she uses those thrusters instead of pushing herself from walls. But she's not to blame entirely since the staion designers decided to leave the walls almost without handles. And what is it with the communications arrays? Why are they built so narrow no one can go through without bruises.Don't get me wronog, from a gameplay perspective these elements make sense (even so badly executed). But there's no reason for these elements designed this way in universe.There are more issues like these from start to finish and my rant for the orientation marks by the scanner would guarantee me a permanent steam ban. Design and execution of the game are not two sides of a coin; they are equally bad.So, what about story and history? They are fragmented and you don't get a feeling for what's going on until being halfway through they game. While gameplay isn't exciting either. Repitition of button pressing and searching for the next waypoint are combined with frustratingly bad level design, which let's you tumble around like a buffoon instead of a trained astronaut.ADR1FT reminds me of the movie GRAVITY. The asthetics are gorgeous and both create a great feeling for Zero G, but the worldbuilding is illogical. Goodbye space, maybe we'll become friends another time."
76561198009387924,Not Recommended,300060,24630763,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jason.washdc,"I cannot recommend this game and I have submitted a refund request because even though I have an i7 5930K @ 4.5 GHz with a GTX 980 Ti, the game cannot achieve 90 fps for me on my Vive.  With the why you move in this game it is critical to have 90 fps to avoid adding to the potential of nausea.  Worse yet is that there are no adjustable video settings to reduce visual quality in order to achieve 90 fps.I and others have posted about the video settings issue and the developer has indicated no intent to resolve this issue:http://steamcommunity.com/app/300060/discussions/0/353915309344865194/#c353915309345584497I can get past the issues with the Vive motion controller implementation, but the inability to get 90 fps on my hardware is unacceptable."
76561198043843104,Not Recommended,300060,24633398,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,accatac,The camera movement does not align to your body movements and therefore makes you motion sick.The movements in scripted animations feel to speedy aswell.Otherwise It`s okay.
,Not Recommended,300060,24587585,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Exodus,This game i tried to love i really did. But sadly even tho the graphics are stunning the gameplay gets boring after 30 mins and just makes you want to run out of oxygen just to wake yourslef up from sleeping through this short boring game.
,Not Recommended,300060,26578606,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hilary T. & Zeus,I had to quit after 10 minutes because I was about to puke. Don't buy this if you're prone to motion sickess. It's a shame because the game is exceptionally beautiful.
76561198091498202,Recommended,300060,23387488,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,dreamsofvisions,"Not really sure why this game got so many bad reviews. A lot of people say that it's ""boring"" so they don't recommend it. Just because it's not your type of game with explosions and babes doesn't mean its a bad game. To the people who are having technical issues with it, that's another story. If you love space, all things atmospheric, and immersion, you will love this game. If Call of Duty is your favorite game, stay far away from this one. I did get lost a couple times but that happens in every game someone could play. Buy this game while it's still on sale."
76561197970495283,Recommended,300060,23708518,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Knyght,"Nice graphics, but you need good tolerance to motion sickness if played in VR. Devs were nice enough to provide a key for Oculus Home with the purchase of Steam version. You will have to email them requesting for one and provide proof of Steam purchase. Very nice of them."
,Recommended,300060,22367250,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MispelledRebel,"I can say that ti absolutely recommend this game ... if you have VR. I can only assume this however due to the fact that i do not. I really do enjoy the visuals, the controls, and the idea behind the game. However, without using a VR headset i feel as though my line of vision has a hindrance placed over it due to the slow motion achieved from moving analog sticks. I could see really loving this game if i had the headset to fully experience it but without one it feels like i am just being left out."
,Recommended,300060,22487408,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Alecus,F***ing beautiful.I spent too long looking at space in this game and I died of no oxygen.RIP.
76561198037322518,Recommended,300060,26295440,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pulsahr,"Would I recommend it ? Yes.Why ? Yes.Wait, I mean, just a second, I'm trying to reconnect with reality. *looks around* *stomps feet on ground* ok that'll do.What is VR ? The feeling of being somewhere else. What is Adr1ft ? The feeling of being completely lost in space.Right now I played 2 hours. For 10€, the total immersion that I was waiting for, and seeing some screenshots that depicts places I didn't visit yet, yep totally worth it. I don't care if the game ends with 5 hours of gameplay (does it ? I don't know), 5h of this will be worth it for 10€. Maybe not 20 though.I really felt the zero-G, the unending inertia with a simple push in a direction and the need to counter it with adequate push... the ability to look behind by slowly turning your entire body, all that while keeping the movement in the same direction, then turning back your body to the direction you are going to in order to adjust your position before entering that room without hitting the door and ... you get the idea.The only downside I can see is the subtitles placement. Far too low, each of my eyes can't read it entirely, resulting in an unreadable subtitle if I keep both eyes opened. Gladly, my english comprehension is not bad, so I can ignore the subtitles most of the time."
76561197969181196,Not Recommended,300060,34465052,Posted: 24 August,all,kirbe,"I really wanted to like this game but two things have ruined it for me, firstly you have to use an xbox controller. For me this completely takes me out of the vr experience. Using the rift controllers in lone echo make you feel as your are actually there, gabbing a handle and pulling yourself up then letting go,you drift off, it feels real.Stand in a room holding an xbox controller make me feel like just that, standing in a room holding an xbox controller!The second thing is the fixed view. If I look around I end looking around the inside of my helmet! The last time I put my motorcycle helmet on and looked around my helmet moved with me.Could have been good but these two major oversights have ruined the experience so thumbs down and refund request."
76561197976251294,Recommended,300060,22123545,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,zarker99,was really enjoying this game right up until I found there's no save option.When I restarted the game it loaded from some vague checkpoint and I had no idea if I still had to get the 'repair mainfrme' task or if it was already active.The idea of bumping off walls again to get back to the workstation (and then possibly finding I already had the task active) just drained all enthusiasm from me.Uninstalled as just another hopeless 'guess the checkpont' type game - the main reason I never bought a console.Shame really(marking this game as 'recommend' as I'm sure I must be just one of the few who doesn't like not having a 'save game' option).
,Recommended,300060,22113175,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,fBx,"Interesting experience, albeit a bit short. But we knew that from the beginning. I played it non-VR with Gamepad on my 50 inch TV and enjoyed it so far. It gets a bit repetitive to be honest - go to station, find something, fix something, go back to center, repeat three times, finish game. If you're not up for it, wait for a sale and then go for it."
76561197970545409,Not Recommended,300060,25719954,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Xiphias,"This game may be very fun, I don't know. I played it on my Vive for about 90 seconds before the constant uncontrollable rotating and moving made me very nauseous. Other people may be able to handle that, but not me. The motion sickness mode did not help at all.I think it would have been better if you let me turn with my head, not with the touchpad on the controller."
76561197974322974,Recommended,300060,24697579,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Smittan SWE,This is cool and beautiful..Works in VR mode aswell as non VR mode!
76561197998692834,Recommended,300060,31207826,Posted: 17 April,all,Sgt.Hooper,Super Awesomg game! I love it!!! Great job of awesomeness...
,Recommended,300060,24240094,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Owl Of Wisdom,"I'm drawn to space games like a moth to a flame, this game caught my attention through recreating an experience much like that of the astronaut from Gravity. Floating through the wreckage of a space station called the NorthStar 4. With a damaged EVA suit and no memory of how you got there you have to make repairs to the station to get home. Throughout the game you have to search for oxygen canisters so you don't run out and suffocate. The music creates an unnerving and mysterious atmosphere alongside some of the piano pieces in some of the audio logs. The game on it's own is ok you float through space with a fixed front facing view of you HUB.BUT! in VR it lets you look around your EVA helmet, making you feel like you're there.The first time I played through the game I had played the whole way through and could only half heartedly answer my question: What the hell happened on that station? On my second play through I searched for audio logs to fill in the blanks. Although the story was rather long it had a plot that made me dwell on the previous actions of the character you play. Adr1ft's graphics look amazing on their own and look even better on a VR headset."
,Recommended,300060,23352940,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MostlySilent,"If you are looking for a game with great gameplay... This is not it. ADR1FT doesn't have amzing gameplay; in fact, it's pretty repetitive. Just go restart a mainframe, get a control core, and restart a system. But what made this game a great experence, was the environment. The beautiful environment makes this game so immersive, and negates the dull gameplay. If you are a fan of sci-fy games like this I would highly recomend it!"
76561198097981752,Recommended,300060,23354132,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Asphyx,"Beautiful and flawedBought this game (on sale) for the views - wish they implemented some sort of ""free roam"" or ""explore"". I mean the game graphix are amaizing, but the relentless chase of oxygen cans is quite annoying at times and does not let you take in the beauty of the details. And yeah, lots of backtracking. The comparison to Gravity is inevitable, in a good way though. Worth the price on sale..."
,Recommended,300060,22320471,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jonners,Atmospheric.
,Recommended,300060,22355528,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Chubop,"I'm only recommending this game because of the optimization. It was really well done and I like seeing it from early games. However, the game itself I do not recommend. The audio is so annoying that my brother and I ended up muting the entire game to play. Even in VR it's still a boring game, too."
,Recommended,300060,22401568,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,ArkAngel Shaun - 4K,I am currently playing this game on an Oculus Rift and I have to say it is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! The visuals ain't the greatest in the rift however that being said it still looks amazing and the VR experience is INSANE! You must try it with a Rift! :D10/10 Loving it! :DEDIT: I have now completed the game start to finish in the Oculus Rift and my opinion on the game has only got even better :D
,Not Recommended,300060,24809003,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BaggyG,"Review after couple of hours (playing on Oculus Rift CV1) - Not completed as yet:Pros:Original GameOften Get the feeling of being in the void.Scenes can be beautiful and magnificent at times.Cons:Graphics not clear (sampling rate looks low). Could be improved by super sampling if you have a 1080)HUD not well designed for VR. Oxygen and radar are almost unreadable as positioned too close to the player. Radar would have been much better as a toggle on off in the middle of the screen.Controls (on Xbox controller) don't feel natural even after a couple of hours. Triggers would be better as forward / backward thrust.Subject matter means VR sickness even for those with strong legs. I accustomed to it after a while but every time I go back I get the initial barrier where my body struggles to work out whats going on.Not a huge amount to do other than float here, collect some oxygen, float back again.Reading e-mails in VR is plain awful.Sometimes knocked objects finish too close to a wall to collect no matter what you do.Overall:I like that there are different games like these being made. A lot of my cons potentially wouldn't apply to non-VR. However it is touted as a VR game and therefore can only review it as such.If there was a neutral review option I would certainly choose that. As things are I am leaning slightly toward a negative on the whole. There are just too many things that could have been easily fixed for a better experience. 5/10 (Prob worth around £5 - 10)"
,Not Recommended,300060,23629041,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Verrin,"I really liked the concept of this game, and I really tried to give it a fair shake but it suffers from too many tedious and frustating game elements. I'll go over it in more detail, but basically I don't think the navigation, survival elements, and story are interesting or fun, and in some cases, are the complete opposite. I've seen people say this game is better in VR, but I'm not convinced being more immersed would somehow fix the issues I have with this game. I feel like we're still in a honeymoon phase with VR, where design flaws become easier to forgive simply due to the novelty of the experience. I could be wrong though, but I'm sure time will tell.Anyway, on to my issues: I could forgive the slow movement and painful navigation if it weren't for the fact the game is not terribly scenic (all the space modules look mostly identical, and are difficult to differentiate with no clear landmarks or variety) and the fact it starts making you do some ""platforming"" sections (I can't think of a better term to describe it) where you must dodge and avoid obstacles (debris, electrical). Let me tell you, floaty non-precise controls do NOT mix with precision dodging. It's a recipe for frustation.Also, I could forgive hopping from one oxygen tank to the next and the difficult to follow waypoints if the game gave me more breadcrumbs to follow. I've been trying to pick up every audio log along the way, and the sound-bites haven't ever given me anything compelling. It might be considered character building to learn about a few NPCs drug addictions and sexual adventures, but the game seems to keep all its cards close to its chest until the final moments of the game: that is, it doesn't do anything to build up the mystery on why the space station is in the state that it's in. It's more content on trying to give me some history on some characters that I don't care about.And oh man, the waypoints. I was screaming bloody murder at a few points in this game. The helmet radar gives no information on spacial depth, so you can appear to be at a waypoint and, well, not be there. The game has a built in button that will idenfity items of importance in the actual game world by highlighting them with an icon if you're within proximity, but for some daft reason, this very system will not help guild you to your most important objectives. The fact that there's a bunch of usuable panels and objects that look almost identical to non-usable objects and panels only adds to my frustration.I feel like if this game wanted to go with the survival route, it should have done so with a little more depth. I don't think oxygen tank hunting really constitutes such depth, and is pretty well as far as this game goes in that vein. I think if I had to summarize this game, it think it's best described as a ""walking simulator"" but in space. What I mean is, it's fairly shallow from a gameplay perspective. But it fails to do what most well-made ""walking simulators"" do to keep me engaged and moving forward: hooks that pull you from one part to the next, such as story tidbits that either escalate the mystery or at least reveal more interesting plot elements. I personally found this game failry boring from that perspective."
,Not Recommended,300060,24642937,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Supershot,"Do not buy this game if you do not own an Occulus Rift.This game does launch with HTC Vive/SteamVR, even after their Vive patches."
76561198278566213,Not Recommended,300060,25139037,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,More8,"This is a floating simulator with gorgeous visuals and intriguing idea of oxygen mechanics and cool story for characters already deceaced but it's hardly a game. There literally is no gameplay other than float between checkpoints and find out what's happened. The whole game's premise is that simplistic. As a VR experience I could recommend to try but as a GAME, no. There is not enough gameplay to constitute this into a game, but rather an interactive experience. I just wish the developers would have realized this.. I cannot fathom how this issue has not come up in alpha or beta testing. Has no one played this and thought that wait. Technically cool but where's the game? I wish the work done here can be expanded into a real game, because this foundation is a really good start. Now someone needs to use this and develop into a playable game with a solid story and exciting gameplay mechanics that also utilizes the need of oxygen refills, which is a good idea, but cannot be the ONLY idea."
76561198019395201,Not Recommended,300060,24625335,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,JerkFacedJerk,"nice eye candy, was too slow for me, controls allthou anti gravity authentic were a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for me to use."
,Not Recommended,300060,33031088,Posted: 30 June,all,wcoastsands,"This one is a real sick-maker in VR. Couldn't stomach the uncontrolled movement, and didn't last long. In fact, I had to load this game up again for another minute just to meet the 5 minute play time required to write a review.In-game helmet also doesn't follow headtracking, resulting in camera clipping that further ruins the experience. Controls don't feel natural for the Vive, either. Maybe the game is better with the Rift, but can't recommend for the Vive."
76561198069222353,Not Recommended,300060,33284890,Posted: 5 July,all,VR11 Garage,"Very bad. Played this on HTC Vive. It's horrible beyond saying . You appear in space suit and you are looking from indse of a helmet. In case you look too much to side the helmets resets. The helmet visor is obstructing your view a damaging whole experience. The controls are just ridiculous. I usually don't have motion sicknes, here I felt it after 10 minutes. I simply don't understand how could developers release it like this  and ask so much money for it. It's funny that the whole scene looks nicely done but with VR it's not usable."
76561198025191101,Not Recommended,300060,24623727,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,RogueQD,"It's just not fun in VR (HTC Vive). I played for an hour to give it a chance.The controls are tedious and not intuitive. This could be improved a lot if they enabled remapping of some buttons. For example; the left track pad moves forward/backward and strafes left/right, while the triggers move up and down. It would make more sense to have a trigger move you forward and have the trackpad move you up and down.The game play is supposed to be an adventure/puzzle game, but your oxygen runs out very quickly, so there's a possibly intentional mini-game of having to grab oxygen bottles every few minutes. This is made harder by the unintuitive controls. To make things worse the bottles come in groups of three or four. So you don't have to just grab one and keep going, you have to make a whole deal of turning, strafing, moving up and down and eventually grabbing each bottle. Total pain in the frikking butt. Worst ""feature"" ever. Let the oxygen last longer, especially after you've got your suit repaired, and just have one bottle per bottle stop that totally refills your suit. Devs, what were you thinking?Lastly the text on the computer screens is blurry and not easy to read. Maybe I can adjust the super-sampling, but should I have to do that manually? Also the little drops of water and floating debris, that give nice 3D effects floating around, pass straight through your helmet glass and ruin the immersion. Also the subtitle text is so close to your eyes that I couldn't focus on it and had to close one eye to read it.tldr; Controls need work, gameplay needs work, and graphics need work. Potentially a good game, but it has no fun factor at all. The real game is the battle with the poor design."
,Not Recommended,300060,23539395,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,aluthin,"I played through in one sitting, the graphics and feel of the game where great I really liked the feel of the zero G. The story arc was pretty linear with you having to complete one area to advance to the next. Difficulty was only in the control of the zero G and maintaining your oxygen supply which really wasn't that hard. A few things to interact with and find but overall I came away from the game at the end feeling a bit underwhelmed by the ending. Missed a few collectables on the way through but i wouldn't be tempted to play through again to find them. 1 play through game at best."
,Recommended,300060,24605109,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tempest,"I am playing on the Vive.  I love the game, although I did get motion sick after a short playthough.  I am going to try again tomorrow with the controller vs the Vive controllers and see if that helps, but I still recommend this game.  It is beautiful and very well done."
,Recommended,300060,24594414,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TaiLander,"I'm currently playing this game on a DK2 but I must say, WOW. Such a visceral experience and fun!If you've ever watched Gravity, it's not quite as gut wrenching action-wise but you still feel a great deal of immersion.Don't pass a set of oxygen bottles thinking you have enough oxygen to make it to the next area.. You may have less than you think! :)Great work Devs. Keep it up!"
,Not Recommended,300060,31210974,Posted: 17 April,all,ZULU MIDNIGHT,"The VR is not immersive enough for me. You don't control the players hands, which is disappointing to me."
76561198069865311,Recommended,300060,22255011,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Waldo Frey,Gravity The Movie The Game = Awesome10/10
76561198199060835,Not Recommended,300060,22135129,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,badgerryan15,"I'm kinda torn about this. It's a glorified Tech Demo. On one hand the graphics are amazing and thats putting it lightly. But on the other hand the gameplay gets old very fast. It makes you do the same repetitive things over and over again. The first 1 or 2 times is okay but when it starts making you do the same objective 4-5 times it starts to get a bit repetitive. Espcially since its about 3-4 hours long. Also the game can be VERY difficult to navigate even with the HUD. About 90% of the game is just floating around going to the next objective. They took a 30 minute game into 3-4 hours. Now the other 10% is rather nice. But it's not enough. The voice logs give you a lot of info on the crew, what happend etc. Voice acting is very good aswell. I beat this game 3 times to give it a fair review score. So should you buy this game idk? I'd say wait for a sale at about 9.99$ and pick it up then.My score 5/10Wouldn't recommend it at full price. (19.99$) Get it on sale.If people like the game they will thumbs this down if you don't it'll be up. But we all know the truth that it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,300060,23332518,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Galactimus,Gerat game ! Cool experience lots of fun exploring the environment. Looks AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,300060,24493114,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Cryst,"This game is beatiful, like nothing i've experienced before. I think anyone writing a negative review does not have a VR head set and thats really unfair. This is completely unlike anything i've done before and well worth the price of entry. If you have a VR headset this is a great experience and i highly recommend it. Those without one, I would pass as i don't think thats what this game was designed for."
,Not Recommended,300060,24588688,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AwfulOffalOffer,"Played on the Vive. Was looking forward to this. Unfortunately..The idea that you would make a VR game with a fixed POV is an anachronism. While I understand that this was originally designed for a terrible control scheme, no attempts have been made to fix the inherant issues with such a scheme, it's only been mapped to less intuitive controllers. Turning your head does not actually change your POV. If you're lucky you get to see your helmet from another angle, the other options are your head clipping outside of your helmet, or the helmet realigning itself in space seemingly at random.I would like to hope that the developers at some point in the future will rethink how a person should control their experience in VR. This seems like it could be an interesting experience, heck just give me Mark Watney style wrist propellant and the ability to turn my head and I'm good.  As it stands, this might be one of the most depressingly poor experiences in VR, depressing because it feels like there's probably a decent game in there somewhere."
76561198033459470,Recommended,300060,22117841,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tarheelbro50,Great game. Looks absolutely amazing. The controls are tough to begin with but you eventually get the hang of it. But for $20 you cant really beat the graphics and sotry line.
,Recommended,300060,22119867,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,adiliyo,"it's like gone home in space. fantastic visuals and man i wish i had a Rift to really be immersed, but it's still pretty great so far even on a flat screen."
,Not Recommended,300060,35136882,Posted: 22 September,all,NAKEV,"HANDS DOWN, THE WORST CONTROLS OF ANY VR GAME IVE EVER PLAYED. WTF WERE THEY THINKING?"
,Not Recommended,300060,22113890,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,UmbraDraconis,Beautiful graphics and that's it.
76561198020085437,Recommended,300060,22109355,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Adrift is really well optimized, the visuals and animations are looking really good, you get the ""alone in space"" feeling in the game, So far i dont know what to expect story wise of the game, as i havent spoiled too much of it for my self, so its just diving in, but its high quality so far thats for sure. So if you like exploration adventure, you should get this.https://youtu.be/fEgSglLfk0M"
76561198178413750,Recommended,300060,22111269,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Radiolysis,"Just one hour in so far but very impressed.  Very well optimized and looks great (not using VR).  As far as the controls.  Go into this game with the mindset that your controlling a spacecraft as that is how feels in the  game.  Roll, yaw, pitch, thrust. etc."
,Not Recommended,300060,23117466,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zarim,It looks nice at first but after a while it all looks the same.  And you move at one mile per hour the whole time.
,Recommended,300060,22128247,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Very Buttery Bread,"In space, no one can hear you scream..........but they can see you though."
76561198055710791,Recommended,300060,22130774,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,AEZ,extremely good looking maxing out with i5 6600k and gtx 970 but point i want to get to is the game is not paced its alittle slow mainly for eye candy but game is great so far THUMBS UP!!!
,Not Recommended,300060,22663609,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kebra des Bois [Brzrkr],"If your Kkeyboard is AZERTY or if you're left handed, forget this game, keys can't be rebinded and the devs don't seem in any hurry to change that... had to ask for a refund as it was unplayable that way. That kind of attitude in modern games is lazy at least, incompetant at most."
,Recommended,300060,25127989,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Aphex (Back In December),"As a simulation of being marooned in space, Adrift is peerless. The sense of weightlessness, the sense of scale, just being in the world are all astonishing. But it's impossible to divorce the immersion from its mechanical failures, which sours what otherwise could have been a new high bar for narrative-centric games.VR headset is definitely recommended.74/100"
76561198043888848,Recommended,300060,22132175,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[THE WALL],The Sun was on the dark side of the Earth. 10/10
76561198329163766,Recommended,300060,31289247,Posted: 21 April,all,Bald Bull,"Purchased on 60% off sale...wow, I am in a spacesuit..floating in space...absolutely no motion sickness for me.....its a must for those with a VR headset.."
,Recommended,300060,23737085,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GaryDefiance,"I would define Adr1ft as a casual exploration game overall, with a mild bit of survival added to spice things up.VR with this is amazing, but If you get motion sick easily, I don't recommend this. 6 degrees of movement in a zero grav environment destroys weak stomachs, and even makes tough ones feel a little off.That said, it gets movement in space right, and it looks great. The graphics actually look great in the rift compared to alot of other games, the controls are solid and it's definitely fun if you don't mind taking your time.Best played sitting in a comfy chair."
,Not Recommended,300060,24589838,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FuturamaKing,"Almost incradible game, like really incradible.If only the Vive controllers were the hands and the head would move as you move your head.A real miss :(hope they will fix that.not wirth at full price right now.Also can use a bit more gameplay."
76561197971757509,Not Recommended,300060,28124857,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,tomd8,Worrst locomotion controls ever! Avoid this game like the plague!!
76561198044031374,Not Recommended,300060,23795317,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,OffensivePanda,"Overall, I have to say I am a bit dissapointed with the game. The graphics are absouley amazing. No one can deny that. But the gameplay was monotnous, needing to essentially do the same thing 4 times is a bit excessive. Also the story is a bit lacking and annoying because you need to physically piece together the story through audio boxes floating around randomly. So few points off there. The ending was also extremely annoying and confusing because (SPOLER ALERT: SPOLER ALERT:) you dont know how this was the commanders fault. I mean maybe if you found all the audio logs but i was busy trying NOT TO DIE. This game had so much potential and it makes me sad knowing that it didnt live up to its potential. Its a fun and pseudo relaxing survival game to play if you have a few hours to burn. But as a flagship release with captive storyline? Definitely not."
76561198080028370,Not Recommended,300060,24756541,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[NOCS]Ticio,Nausea on vr.
76561197965003295,Recommended,300060,24587572,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,I Am Glass,"This isn't a review as Ive only just tried it out for a short period.However having said that, WOW.Done the short EVA training, then started the game proper, I was kneeling when starting it, and right away I became disorientated and fell over. Never laughed so much.Will give this a proper play through tomorrow, and I'm looking forward to trying out floating in space."
76561197967994820,Not Recommended,300060,24591948,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,EYEZ_ON_THE_PRIZE,"There are a few things i agree and disagree with in regards to previous reviews, firstly i can not understand why people are complaining that you can't move your head that simply is not true, you can move your head inside the helmet but the helmet itself is stationary which im pretty certain is how an astronauts helmets works right?, i do however agree that motion controls are not great, kinda kills the immersion when you have two floating vive controllers infront of you completely disassociated with the arms, and also i personally have never felt nauseous playing VR, but this made me feel like crap after a short playthrough, not recommended until these issues are resolved."
76561198069643014,Recommended,300060,23317947,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Funky Monky,"Great game, awesome visuals and runs very well on max settings. Theres not much replayability, as the game gets boring fast with no point in replaying the story."
,Recommended,300060,24302735,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"VR REVIEW:Just played Adr1ft with the Oculus Rift Consumer Version 1 device and whoa this is such a better experience! While the text seems blurry at times, the whole feeling of being in suspended animation felt way more immersive than playing Adr1ft in standard mode. I did experienced a tad of motion sickness but once I played this in sit postion, the motion sickness cleared off!OVERALL:IF YOU HAVE A VR DEVICE, YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME!STANDARD REVIEW:So what is Adr1ft? Gravity movie simulator!This game plays like a first person perspective but you don't shoot anything.The developers name it a First Person Experience.You play as Alex Ogawa, the commander of the huge space station. And almost copy paste of Gravity, you start in a huge space station then a catastrophe occurs. Not much is known about that but it seems you are to blame since you pushed the other astronauts to work hard and harder until a few astronauts cracked under pressure... made mistakes... and snowball situation, catastrophe happens!So, once you start to gain control, you navigate in zero gravity environnment in the whole game. It can be disorienting at first but the controls are pretty slick. You have to repair a few set pieces of the broken station. You depend on floating oxygen canisters or oxygen wall mounted replenishers as the only game resource. Until you make the first mandatory upgrade, that is the repair of your EVA oxygen system, you should stick to the waypoint system and no wander anywhere.What I found annoying was the poor objective beacons on your radar. It didn't worked that good toward the middle of the game. At times, it points in front of you but it was above your head... I would hope the developers improve on the waypoints.I would say this game is exactly made for Virtual Reality gameplay. Alas I do not own any VR gear yet but the game was still interesting to play.The developers did added a free EVA mode so you can navigate in the game freely of the oxygen resource.However, as interesting the game may be, you do have a limited experience to play. Game is short and besides floating around, you don't have much to do on the simplistic story.RECOMMENDATION:I'd recommend this game on a sweet sale if you just want to wander and float here and there... Although, IF you do have a VR set, that must be a blast to play and I'm sure that game is designed exactly for that!"
76561198024977384,Not Recommended,300060,24589114,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,LQbano,"I gave it a try. No real motion control. You cant move your hands with the controllers, they are just separate.Graphics look great, I guess the feeling of beign inside an EVA suit matches pretty good, but this whole floating around started making me nausseus around 30 mins.I have spent many hours at a time on the VIVE and I've never gotten nasseus, not even with cockpit games like Elite Dangerous doing heaving dog figthing.I was hopeful, but it just didnt work. Sorry."
,Recommended,300060,23829471,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HYOGACKT,Wonderful and immersive experience even without VR
,Recommended,300060,23846916,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stoosh95,"It's slow paced due to the zero-g movement ... but solid.Its a bit repettative ... and the HUD doesn't seem to tell which way is up or down, which makes it hard to find objectives."
76561198001251133,Recommended,300060,24175435,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,The best 13 hours I ever spent going around in circles.10/10
76561198310442213,Recommended,300060,25386463,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,k_kerr99,good
76561197975553389,Recommended,300060,25384691,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DO YOU LIKE COWS,THIS GAME IS PRETTY COOL YOUR IN A SPACE SUIT. IT REALLY FEELS LIKE IT GREAT EMMERSION GOOD PLOT FUN GAME
,Recommended,300060,26510936,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rygir,"So you saw the movie Gravity and thought ""I want to try that!""? This is the game to do it in. It's exactly the same thing, space station that got damaged and broken into pieces and you try to survive among the debris while being as fragile as a baby.Word of caution : The controls are terrible. I played it in VR and I can't imagine this game is any fun without VR. But the controls are still terrible. It does everything to make you uncomfortable.Basically you use the touchpads as directional controls for your free floating body. This by itself is something that normally doesn't bother me but because you it's not just a horizontal plane but you can tumble and turn you will need a strong stomach.If I had to design the controls, I would have used the stick as a sort of joystick, you click and then move the stick and it will move in that direction. Much more intuitive then remembering ""left is up, right is down"". Or another approach that could work : Using the trackpads for every motion but using buttons as modifiers. So holding the trigger makes it work in Y axis, grip for rotating around an axis and menu for X axis. That way one controller suffices for all movements.But that's not all : every thing you bump into rotates you in unexpected directions, sometimes blowing you away. Pointing at something causes you to quickly turn in that direction. Turning your head to far or walking if you use roomscale causes the entire environment to snap to you new position if you were about to escape from your helmet/suit. Also certain actions cause your body to lock into an animation and move according to the animation. In short : you are often not in control of your view and it moves unexpectedly, making this a game only fit for those with strong stomachs and VR legs.Clearly you need different mechanics here, the head needs to remain looking in the direction you are looking in as much as possible, bumping should cause the characters hands to reach out and try to cushion the blows, the hands should also point the way to objects that you want to reach, rotating your head should cause the controls to kick into action to rotate your avatar in an attempt to prevent you from ""leaving your body"". These kinds of changes would let you control your character more intuitively and at the same time prevent discomfort.If you do persist in playing, you get a subtle game in return with innovative gameplay ideas. A well executed atmosphere, pseudo realistic scifi and an interesting if slow story."
76561198187957207,Recommended,300060,24121775,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RedVirus80,"Great game, very beautiful designed. For the lil ♥♥♥♥♥es that cry motion sickness, well its space and not everyone was raised to be a man. p.s. sorry daddy left you and mom. For the devs I like to see this game where you have to maintain the space station, repair/build, grow plant life/food supply, keep the power going, water filtration, maybe multiplayer team survival. I like to see the water and small particals bounce the face of the helmet. I hope you have more a flip motion for when you hit you head or feet. I paid for a space game, give us space dementia!"
76561198007523491,Recommended,300060,25253248,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jumangee,BEST(!) VR game in store!
76561197991086649,Recommended,300060,24638683,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,filmgeek47,"Finally got to play this game on the Vive in VR today after a few months of waiting. Really enjoyed myself. I find most of the complaints about the VR implementation to not bother me at all. To me it's more realistic that the helmet look isn't mapped to your HMD movement, as that's how it is for an astronaut in space.Similarly, the issue of the VR controllers not being mapped to your hands didn't bother me much (although it does look a bit weird). Would be cool if they could update that in the future, but I'm still really enjoying the experience regardless.As for the game itself? I think it would be a bit boring if it I was playing it in 2D. In VR, I feel like I'm in the movie gravity in the best possible way.I'm not prone to motion sickness, and I haven't experienced any here (there do seem to be some special controls in place to manage this for those who are sensitive to it).My vote? For $20 it's worth it if you're into the idea of an astronaut simulation with a subtle but interesting story. If you can catch it on sale for 10-15, it's an absolute steal."
76561197972335516,Not Recommended,300060,30496569,Posted: 13 March,all,JawaJuice,great visiuals and i'm sure would be a great experience but i had to get a refund as using it with my vive made me feel very sick.
,Not Recommended,300060,24718972,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wolfknife_Larry,"Wow, just wow, it's amazing....it's amazing how in the hell the developers managned to take such a great concept and F-it up so bad. I think the developers didn't know hot to make it challenging so they just make it ambigious as possible as a subsitute for challange. Playing the game is like going to Disney Land as a child then going in the waiding pool only be be eaten by an alligator.How where you supposed to know the alligator was in there? Same with this game, how was I supposed to know what to do? I just fumbeled around until over and over and over until I randomly found something. Which also means no replay value."
,Recommended,300060,25425820,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,nani the fuck,"""Sometimes you have to go really high to understand how small you really are"""
,Recommended,300060,31389242,Posted: 27 April,all,TheSchlep,"While cumbersome at times, this delivered a VR experience like nothing else. If you take time to understand the hidden story, it is one that will leave a mark."
,Not Recommended,300060,24813018,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Expressive™,"I love this game for its looks and story. But its looks and story ONLY. I beat the game in 4 hours and see nothing else to do in the game. Although it is stunning and deeply personal, the game in my opinion is lacking some things. Maybe even adding a little cutscene for when you get back to Earth or something, or maybe being able to go to a different space station. It feels..... unfinished. So if you are only looking for a game that taps into your inner astronaut, then this is the game for you. However, if you were thinking this game is action-packed, that is clearly not the case. I hope this helps and feel free to message me if you have any questions about the game!"
,Not Recommended,300060,24603814,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bobthemac,The vive controler support is a joke not inplemented at all well the game is resonable thyought it does get anyoying as things arn't really that clear and by the time you work it out you have run out of oxygen and have to start again. I would have expected the little rocks floating all over to nock of the visor but they go straignt through makes for a wierd sensation. Needs more polish.
,Not Recommended,300060,24831702,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ManMeat,I was really looking forward to play this game with my Vive.But the implementation is far worse than i have expected.The single fact that you can’t turn your head makes this game unplayable.Also that you can move out of your suit is ridiculous.I would really appreciate if you give the CAR a fixed possession in the suit and make it so that when you turn you head you look in that direction.
76561198243257542,Recommended,300060,34865075,Posted: 10 September,all,kolbeyj3,10 of 10
,Not Recommended,300060,22114765,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,lovethegames97,I got a refund.this game had potentionBut with way more oxygen tanks then neededand way little excitement
,Not Recommended,300060,23280532,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mrono,"I attempted to play this game in VR, things didn't go so well, here are my two issues with this game. I can't change the control scheme on gamepad, this makes them very confusing and easy to get mixed up, resulting in nausea.  The HUD sucks in VR, having is tucked in the corners of the helmet is a good location but the focal distance is WAY too close, trying to focus on it makes my eyes hurt and also gives me nausea.I'll be refunding it and looking for other games."
,Recommended,300060,22115825,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gaminguru,"Great relaxing game. Looking to kill some time and enjoy some great graphics, get it. No major bugs noticed apart from the already fixed achievment issues. I ran through it twice and I still haven't found all of the items."
,Recommended,300060,22109722,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,@xaker89,Stunning visuals and great perfomance!
76561198136413013,Not Recommended,300060,22122062,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,VernamCipher,"I really didn't enjoy it, every time I go outside my character would suddenly sprout a dramatic O2 leak for no reason, the core I needed to get to became impossible to reach because of this O2 leak; I got frequent crashes with the unreal engine, which became very frustrating. On the whole, I got a refund and will not be buying this game again."
,Recommended,300060,22109182,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mephistopheles,"Having only played the game for just under two hours, I have already fallen in love with this game. I can tell that a phenomenal amount of work and love has been put into the creation of this truly amazing game. The game controls well and feels right. the gameplay is intriguing and I aven't been able to put it down until I decided to write this. The scenery is truly breathtaking and every time I look around myself I am at a loss for words. I would recommend this game to anyone, even if they hated all things space, for this game has put me at a loss for words. I now cannot wait to try this in Virtual Reality."
76561198077355606,Recommended,300060,22115313,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,dimevip,"Just one word - ""Gravity"" - the movie.What could be more scary in space than ""Alien: Isolation""?Isolation in Space, alone.Your enemy in space is a space itself.9,8 - Graphics above HD, 2K or 4K is awesome.9,5 - Gameplay9,0 - Controls PC7.5 - Controls  joystick xbox (there is no option to stop the vibration, customization, etc.)9,5 - Sound / OSTFor 20 bucks? I recommend it highly! Is worth it evrie penny.PC - 1440/i5/GTX970/SSD*I do not have VR...yet."
76561198160671803,Recommended,300060,22115626,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,T6H6H6,its a niffty game it has really good graphics the thing that really drives me nuts about this game is that it dose not at all tell the player where too go next .
76561197997313756,Not Recommended,300060,22766744,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Actarus71,could have been great but instead it's exesively repetitive and tedious made worse by near impossible controles. disapointed.
,Recommended,300060,22131153,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Zeus,Death Simulator 201610/10
76561198001219559,Recommended,300060,22134350,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,brian,I've always wanted to be weightless in space and this is the closest thing I've ever experienced to being there.
,Recommended,300060,22133839,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Molefonken,Gravity The Game
,Recommended,300060,31790016,Posted: 16 May,all,KreatorB,I love concepts like these! The idea is not new but the style and game play are hard to grasp but when you do hang on. What makes this game more fun is that you can enjoy in your Vive/Oculus. Kinda a BONUS Feature.
,Not Recommended,300060,25739652,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,saaya,"awful tutorial, just awful...couldnt even get to the actual game because i almost threw upthink youre immune to VR sickness? thick youll never puke from a vr game?try this..."
,Recommended,300060,24585535,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CorreAktor,"Stunning! With the support for Vive added, and the use of the Vive controllers, this is an amazing game. I though I had been playing for only 19 minutes and it was actually 26 minutes. The movement is slow enough, like in space, that motion sickness, which I get really quickly, didn't seem to hit me like most games that are sit down and controller based. Well done! The graphics are some of the best I have seen for the Vive."
,Not Recommended,300060,23400043,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,turtleface,They could have easily supported Steam VR but didn't because they are sellouts. The game itself is short and boring.
,Not Recommended,300060,24947245,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CornBen,The main character who's voice is constantly playing through audio logs is really annoying.The game runs like crap on my 1060 (which is better than the recommended 970) in VR.It is however very pretty.
,Not Recommended,300060,24592530,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Drakotxu,"I don't like refund games, but I'm going to doing in this. Just because I think they tried to cheat Vive users saying that this update was for Vive controllers compatibility. It's just like using the Vive controllers like a pad.BTW, I only get nausea when I saw that my chaperone was turning like in the game, so my brain thought for a sec in my room turning and I feel sick. Why turn chaperone!? Are you serious?"
76561197978810663,Not Recommended,300060,33072158,Posted: 1 July,all,Tkachenko,dose not work with touch properly
76561198012915042,Not Recommended,300060,33526617,Posted: 13 July,all,erlingheusm1,The game should come with a puke bucket!
,Not Recommended,300060,22467844,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,yoman2313,Way too many crashes in 22 mins. Good looking game just needs more work on making the world more open instead of just traveling through debris.
,Not Recommended,300060,23802461,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shredder,"Pros:Floationg in space is neat, graphics are goodCons:There's really no game here, it's mostly an on-rails floating simulator. You have to fix 4 computers to get the escape pod to work so you can go back to Earth. I'm still not even sure how the space station blew up, and at this point I don't really care.If you have a VR headset it's probably worth $10, it's certainly not worth $20."
,Not Recommended,300060,31292700,Posted: 22 April,all,gazconroyster,"Managed to get this working for a few minutes on my Pimax VR headset. Enough to see that the graphics are lush and the controls are messy.  Since then haven't been able to get past the loading screen. Probably due to the Pimax software to be fair - so, at this point, not recommended for that headset."
,Not Recommended,300060,29273491,Posted: 15 January,all,Benedict,Super frustrating to control (fine motion) and quite tedious; nice graphics and vr support arent enough to make up for that.
76561198083872099,Not Recommended,300060,24621627,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ohgeez,"Good Graphics , but not very good story and gameplay is boring not really worth $20."
76561197999826984,Not Recommended,300060,33286908,Posted: 5 July,all,h0stile,Tried to play it and I hate the controls. Horrible.
76561198136492238,Not Recommended,300060,24907972,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bunnyman34,Absolutely unplayable in VR!  Couldn´t even finish the tutorial cause of severe motion sickness. I never get sick from playing vr but this was just to much. I will never play this again.HTC VIVE review
,Not Recommended,300060,24921484,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FarewellVHS,"VR actually makes this title worse. If just playing on a monitor, it's ok, but there are better uses of your time. In my hour or so of play, I didn't think the text or voice acted characters were nearly as interesting as ones I've spent the same amount of time with something like Everybody's Gone to the Rapture. In VR, among other problems, everything looks very fuzzy and blurry compared to your monitor.I bought this game the first time when they said they supported the HTC Vive. They didn't....you needed an Xbox controller, so I got a refund. The second time I bought this, apprently my GTX 1070 can't run this game in VR without making me breakout in sweat and get a mild headache because of the severe judder, possibly worse than the Oculus DK2 days.The Vive controls are sort of primitive, but seem fine, but the game is just sickening for me and most I would imagine, and I have played many VR titles that have performed well, look great and don't make anyone sick."
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,300060,24895879,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Absynce,"waited FOREVER for the motion VR vive controller support to ccome out to play this game. and I can't say I have been as dissapointed in ANY game for VR yet as this one. you spend the ENTIRE time fighting the clumsy controls with slow response to chase down oxygen bottles, its horrible. Your entire experience of what should be an immersive VR game is spent fighting the UI and motion sickness as you roll around and bounce off things. VERY simple things like looking in a direction (which other games do by looking WHERE YOU ARE LOOKING with the headset) you have to control by lightly touching the touchpad. I dont think the people on this indy dev team who were supposed to impliment the Vive support ever even tried playing the game with it....I would fire them on the spot if they dropped this trash on my desk.after only 40 mins of playtime Steam refuses to refund"
76561198131160820,Recommended,300060,22114284,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,MISTER COOKIE,Amazing game amazing details i recomend this game to anyone that loves space.
,Recommended,300060,22114723,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kiliz,"short game, but worth it if you're into astronauts floating around in micro g"
,Not Recommended,300060,22120581,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,furo,"Controls are clunky, gameplay is ""collect item X, while don`t forget to find OXYGEN"", graphics are nice."
,Not Recommended,300060,22228503,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,AzKyle89,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone unless they just want to play a floating simulator. There's virtually no story. You stumble accross tapes here and there that play back useless logs of characters you'll never meet nor even care about. The controls take a little getting used to but they work. Though sometimes you'll tap a wall or ledge and start spiraling aimlessly and that can get annoying quickly. It's very, very, short. I dont understand how people say they get a solid 6 hours out of it. I have 3.3 hours in. Once you do the first objective you already know what needs to be done. There's no curve balls, no change in gameplay, just suit upgrades that make an easy game even easier. The whole time my thoughts were that this could have been amazing. Using this games tech, some real gameplay, and an actual story, we could have Interstellar the game on our hands. But we dont. We have Gravity the game. But not as exciting."
,Not Recommended,300060,22229055,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Phendan,"Adr1ft is a beautiful looking shell of a game. Both the sound and graphics assets for this game are of incredibly high quality. However, most of the game is spent doing menial tasks that barely constitute gameplay and certainly don't qualify as mechanics. Calling this game a ""survival game"" seems almost like mockery. Even disregarding that, I can see very little reason to play this game since there is no story to speak of either. Spending 20$ on a VR demo seems extremely excessive to me, especially since most people don't even own a VR headset at this point.Full review on  YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv_vXyAtGA0"
76561198272216982,Not Recommended,300060,22292563,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bobbidazzler,good for like a hour then just becomes the same thing over and over graphics are good
,Not Recommended,300060,22224464,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,evil_homer,a tech demo rushed out to be rift ready does not make a game. for the price your half way to a real game like dark souls 3.
,Not Recommended,300060,22133850,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lededje,"What looked and started out a really promising game, turned into a dull one dimensional fetch quest. Graphically stunning, handles well but lacks substance. Feels like a VR demo rather than a full game. The story doesn't develop, and there are many weird things that leave a bitter taste; EVA suits not being able to take a small knock or containing more than 15 seconds of oxygen; many conveniently placed oxygen tanks lying around all over the place, and an inability to carry them; memory loss cliché with walls of text in emails to read. These could have been structured more and used more sparingly. Tie that with a more interesting story line, e.g. talking to ground control/another naught while questioning everything you are doing or your own sanity while giving more freedom to have organic exploration and this game could have shaped up to be something worth playing."
76561197967313815,Not Recommended,300060,23926429,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stig783,"The only thing going for this game are the visuals using the new Unreal engine this game does look amazing especially in 4K. However the overal lack of story and annoying music in this game makes me come to the conclusion that I would not recommend playing this. Another thing is how repetitive this game is, you simply push one button, move to the next area, push another. the fix 3 or 4 computers and that's it.Shame really they could've made this spectacular, was expecting a lot more from this."
76561198025585959,Not Recommended,300060,24584811,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Driver,"Garbage. Your head can leave your helmet. Say hello to VR sickness, hope you keep a puke bucket handy."
,Not Recommended,300060,25337901,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,avenhelm,"Unplayable on my system at any resolution or graphics setting. Tutorial stutters periodically. Once the full game starts, the stuttering turns into freezing and happens continually. Graphics options are vague < Low, Medium, High, Epic > even for numeric settings like anti-aliasing level.AMD FX-815010 GB RAMAMD Radeon R9 200"
,Not Recommended,300060,22168197,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Proxzor,"For a game that pretty much revolves around the story, it does a very poor job."
,Not Recommended,300060,22171275,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,LiveLaughLove,"VR Review:Just tried this in VR with my DK2 - very disappointing VR experience. I feel this game has a lot of potential but the VR is lacking.Essentially with  the DK2, it puts you in this movie theater type set up with the game on a big screen. There is absoultely no immersion in this game that other VR games have. This game doesn't even utlitize the tracking that came with the DK2. There is no way I would label what I experiences as VR.You might as well just play this game on your regular computer monitor.I hope the devs can fix this."
76561198032930610,Not Recommended,300060,22216672,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,pietereq,"This is my first review since I don't usually buy games on, or close to release, and rather wait for reviews to come in, to make a more informed purchase. Well, this was not the case with ADR1FT. I have jumped on the hype train since the first footage of the game was released. I mean what was not to be hyped about? Being stranded in wrecked space station orbiting earth, maneuvering in zero g, all with stunning visuals. These last two really sum up my experience. I really wanted this game to be great, but it falls short on anything but looking really nice. The plot is rather non existent, and I never really felt compelled to uncover the backstory behind the catastrophe that struck the station, since all the information that is feed to the player is not engaging in any way, and so are the characters. The main objective revolves around rebooting the station mainframe, and hopefully reaching Earth.  In order to do this player has to""burn"" four disks and upload them into the mainframe.Each of these quests is an exact carbon copy of one another, with little variation in the 4th attempt.Throughout the game, the only resource you need to manage is oxygen, that is also used as a propellant for your EVA, but as you progress through the objectives, you'll upgrade your suit, and it's oxygen capacity. At that point it's pretty much impossible to die. Apart from upgrades, there are repair stations, which apart from aesthetics (basically removal of the cracks on your visor, which apparently is made from most fragile material known to mankind) don't do anything. As mentioned before visuals are awesome in every regard, but music is at times underwhelming. Apart from wonderful classical pieces by Debussy in the menu, ingame electronic music kicks in out of the blue and loops mercilessly especially around ""disk burn"" stations - borderline annoying.Movement in zero g is rather well executed, yet often times I found myself hitting walls and other obstacles, where I was certain I still had plenty of room around me.My impressions probably would be a tad better, if I had experienced ADR1FT through a VR set, but on the other hand does that mean that all VR dedicated games can be lacking, as opposed to their screen display counterparts? It took me 3 hours to complete the game, and I'm leaning towards opinions that it's a walking simulator that has gone tech demo.All in all, at the current price of 20€ I don't recommend this game unless you are a space nut that happens to be equipped with a VR set. If you are a LCD pleb like me, wait till this game is on sale.PROS:-great visuals-zero g movementCONS:-poor story-extremely repetitive ""mr fix it"" quests-short-not challenging esp. after EVA upgrades"
,Not Recommended,300060,22135870,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,booyaman85,"possible bug in ad1ft, once everything is done, eev door shuts if you leave cerbulum and come back, IT SAYS ITS OFFLINE"
76561198000710280,Not Recommended,300060,22167928,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,MonkeyHarris,sadly very underwhelming even at its current low price point...and that's that for ADR1FT :(
,Not Recommended,300060,22190728,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lana Del Rey,"I looked forward to ""ADR1FT"" for a very long time. Finally the day came where I could play this game. But I have to say, after playing it for at least a good 5~ hours, I sadly can't recommend this game at this time. For all the aesthetic plus sides, I find the game frustratingly too difficult to navigate. The game has very useless, two-dimensional ""guide arrows"" to show you where the next objective is. It's VERY hard to find where to go or understand what you are supposed to do. Maybe for other people this wasn't a problem, but for me, I found it extremely frustrating to the point that I gave up on the game and never finished the storyline. I will openly admit I am a gamer that gets extremely frustrated very quickly when video games confuse me or don't give me clear instructions on what to do or where to go. That being said, there is a saying in the industry; there's no such thing as a stupid consumer, only a stupid product. Something as simple as a waypoint system could have made this game way more enjoyable and easier to navigate. But it's not here. and until then, I can't reccomend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,300060,22208847,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,rockit,I think it's more a proof of concept than a game. The most exciting parts are the first and the last 15 minutes. Everything else is a really monotonous process.
,Not Recommended,300060,22211571,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FuriousCoder,"It's very pretty. I will play ""parts"" of it again when my VR headset arrives. But in terms of gameplay, it's repetitive without challenge, and in terms of story, it's confusing and poorly constructed. But hey, it looks good!"
,Not Recommended,300060,22184436,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,vfig,"The game starts off very promising: zero-g movement through the beautiful wreckage of a space station, trying to conserve oxygen for both breathing and propellant.But it rapidly devolves. The architecture of the space station is incoherent, uninteresting, and repetitive. The few sections that stand out are those that make you clumsily dodge incongrous dangerous moving parts (often instakilling), made worse by the lack of intuitive physics in your movement. Your objective is to go to a distant part of the station, push a button, return to the center and push another button—repeated four times.There are bits of story—some of it revealed automatically through audio logs, and more scattered through collectible items and computer terminals; but I (appropriately, I thought) was focusing on survival and escape, so missed nearly all of it.Adr1ft tries to include believable space physics, survival systems, and a compelling story, but fails to scratch more than the basic surface of these aspects. The result is disappointing, tedious, and at times frustrating. But it does look gorgeous. If you have a Rift, it might be worth a purchase just for the space vistas; if not: avoid."
76561198087540527,Not Recommended,300060,24618247,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,killzonevic,if you think the vive motion controls work.....you are wrong
76561198002982597,Not Recommended,300060,23907601,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,stemitchell,"Pretty, interesting...vomit inducing. Even with the 'safe' options on, this still made me feel ill.  VR really does have to solve this issue of locomotion in game styles like this that don't induce ill feelings.  I really can't see any future in FPS type games, or fully 360 degree game like this.  The best genres I've played so far are cockpit, driving, third person, 'experience' games and room scale. This kind of game, unfortunately...has no place.  Shame."
,Not Recommended,300060,22187774,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,̩̥͓͔͒,"There are no puzzles, no problem solving and no thinking involved, no events, no conflicts, the game just drags you from a point to another to press a simple button while finding and playing some audio recordings that tell a bit of the story and systems of the space station re-activate and animate as you repair them, that's it.Pressing a button is not gameplay and having the player going from point to point to do the same button pressing for hours is not compelling nor fun and its borderline insulting the player's intelligence.The ambience audio can be pretty repetitive at times and really makes things even more boring and annoying.Copied from another review, but sums it up best."
,Not Recommended,300060,22136530,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Coljohno,"*Warning, high probability of spoilers*When I saw this game annouced I assumed it would cost less and be shorter, a proof of concept and excellent use of unreal 4 engine. It appears they expanded on their initial design to make the game longer, at the expense of repeating the same quest 4 times (with a slight twist) before being able to blast home. However an annoying reminder before you leave shouting ""Get all the collectables!""Pros:- Beautiful - Gravity the Game- Physics worked well - about what I assume being in space would be like- Designed for VR, will be worth playing with a VR headset.Cons:- Short, poor story - Story telling didnt tell much, a mash up of random recordings and some boring email strings to tell you whats happening - All I know is it's my fault cause im greedy... Lots of unanswered questions and empty plot points.- Poor HUD / Waypoint system. Most of the time was spent trying to understand where to go. Wasn't impossible, could have been better.Synopsis:A beautiful proof of concept of a game, excellent use of new unreal technology and stunning visuals probably built for an outstanding VR experience. Worth the $21.99 CAD? No, Suggest waiting for a steam sale, $10 would feel right for a game like this."
,Recommended,300060,22131155,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,steveN-,oxygen simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,300060,22262955,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shadowfire67,"Gravity: The game. Pretty graphics, obnoxious music. Can finish it in 3 hours."
,Not Recommended,300060,22128529,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,rantingmong,"When I learned about this game sometime in 2015, I was really excited because someone actually made a game that's set on space and moreso its immersive. Additionally, this is one of the first games to actually support VR (not a fan really but it ticks a pretty good feature so why not!). So when it did came out I didn't made any more thought of not buying the game. But whilst playing it, I realised that this game really doesn't impact me in any good way whatsoever.Of course the game has pretty darn good visuals but with so many non-mobile games also have this kind of graphics fidelity, I don't see this as a good selling point. (Though that cherry blossom tree is just wow...) Also the way on how the player would control is just wonderful, it may be clunky at some point in time but it really gives the player an idea how one would control something in space (I guess?)But what really makes me sad about this game is that, for me, the game overall is bland. Sure you get to have a ""First Person Experience"" (honestly, why the heck did they trademarked this) of an astronaut but I don't see really any good reason on why should I connect with this character. I don't know anything about the character I'm playing besides she's a commander of a crew and she ♥♥♥♥ed up something bad that leads to the events of the game, and there's also her crew. At one point in time I was really really curious about that British guy doing his sharing with his peers but it just abruptly ends. It left me hanging wanting to know more what did that guy do with the commander.Another pain point in this game is its lousy navigation system, sometimes I have to use my intuition to get to places because the navigation markers are not doing any justice navigating me to where I should be going. And did I forgot to mention the frigging minimap is 3D? eugh. At one point I was just cirling around something trying to find where the heck is the navigation marker leading me.My last gripe with this game is the buggy game progressing logic. I actually can't finish the game because I forgot to charge up my oxygen tank and died going in the life raft(?) room. When the game places me back to the checkpoint, the door leading to that room is locked and I have no way of going in. I almost also got stuck on another point in the game where I just finished alinging Vocalis antennaes and about to go back to the main chamber, the door is locked. Good thing I just have to go back to one of the antennae rooms to fix this.In conclusion although the game did made me initially excited, it did not really lived up to the hype it made. I'm not going to refund this game because I give credit to the developers for making such a unique game. But I do wish they took their time on polishing the game story, especially the characters, more and those dreaded progression bugs! I'd probably not going to finish my current playthrough and probably this game would gather thick dust first in my steam library before I have the motivation to play it again."
,Recommended,300060,22113085,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Rico2,Screw Cheap jumpscares and cruddy monstersI've never felt so scared hitting a block of metal and insulation at low speed.solid 9.8/10
76561198049750684,Not Recommended,300060,24477953,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mech9,"Quite a bit of this game makes little sence. It feels like there were shortcuts made in the game mechanics section and the majority of the resources for the game were used to show off the new VR Equipment. This game is just an advertisment to get people into VR. If they did more to make this a Zero-G Simulator on top of a VR advert, then this game would be worth the Twenty Bucks and more.Did not use VR.A game shouldn't need extra equipment to be decent."
,Not Recommended,300060,22315789,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Redmasc,"Got stuck for 2 hours and couldn't figure out where to go. Floating in space from station to station only to go right back to the same god damn spot because everything looks the god damn same. Who ever thought this was a fun way to play a game needs to rethink gaming basics and the level of patience an average gamer has. Way point is utterly confusing  and unbelieveably idiotic. A god damn hint would be nice if you're stuck for a long time and can't figure out what to do next. If you like floating through space for about 2 hours and confused on where to go, this is the game for you. I can't express how much I wish I hadn't bought this gutter trash."
,Not Recommended,300060,22130267,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LilChowMein,"Pros:-impressive graphicsCons:-The whole game is a slow tedious process that you have to rinse and repeat four times in a row-for being the sole survivor of a catostrophic space station disaster this game has no feeling of danger in it or you never feel like its  a fight for survival.-The story leaves you feeling really short changed, its also really uneven and the message its trying to send is unclear.-There is a mix of classical and techno. The classical music comes in at awkward times and the the techno music is god awful.-Overall very dull  game experience for what you would think would be a very tense and adrenaline rushed game.I want to start off with I thought this game looked and sounded awesome pre-release. From the trailers I thought this game was going to be a gritty fight for survival after a catostrophic disaster occured on a space station. This game is the complete opposite. The game starts moments after the disaster, you play as commander Alex Oshima, your goal is to repair the 4 main systems of the station in order to get the escape pods functional so you can get back to Earth....sounds reasonable enough. It sounds reasonable until you figure out the the process for repairing each system is the same exact process... which is a slow, repetivie, tediuos process of floating for 10 minutes fixing the power node thing then floating for 10 minutes then making a new core for the station then floating for 10 minutes and putting the new core in the cerbral cortex thing. you have to do that 4 times in a row. :/ :/ :/. Thats all the game is 3 hours of repeating the exact same process four times in a row. There was no elements of survival or danger at all. The only survival mechanic in the game was you had to replenish your suits oxygen supply which wasn't even a challenge becuase there was an over abundance of oxygen stations and oxygen cans lying every 10 feet in the station. Don't even get me started on the awful techno music. The only thing that this game has going for it is its graphics. There were moments where I enjoyed looking at Earth below, but grahpics cannot fix the repetitive and dullness of this game. The story of this game is also really lacking, Im not really sure what the message of the story is trying to say to me."
,Not Recommended,300060,22137830,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,fairimere521,An interesting enviroment is diminished by a 2-dimensional narrative and redundent boring gameplay.
76561197973513500,Recommended,300060,24581796,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dusty,Vive support woop!
76561198064480010,Not Recommended,300060,31318442,Posted: 23 April,all,Tom Renegade,"i made a full video review in case you want more than ""10/10 IGN""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIXK6ue58oEHope it helped!"
,Recommended,300060,23907693,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,whatsgood?,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_37_D6XtJ_4
76561198052119000,Recommended,300060,31409493,Posted: 27 April,all,Plank Tonn,I like bananas and this game too.
,Not Recommended,300060,22172615,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The BDG,"This is one of the games that makes me wish there was a maybe button for reviews.... There are only a few things really WRONG with the game, the almost impossible to read compass and other UI issues.That is really unfortunate because the game itself naturally draws you into it. The problem is this game is Chinese takeout, after an hour you can not tell if you ate or not. I ended my playtime feeling unfulfilled and yet wanting more.In the end for $20 USD I can not recommend this game. There is just not enough to pull you in right now.https://youtu.be/-XWNumvJ9AI"
76561198070985798,Recommended,300060,22112682,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Nevin,"This game is beautiful. It catches being an astronaut vary well.Gameplay With Commentary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv-OT-A_RIcYou play as an astronaut after an event, your space station is destroyed and you remember nothing about what happend. The game drives you on the edge by making you constantly having to pick up oxygen and find a way out back to earth."
,Not Recommended,300060,22799906,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,omnivore,"TL/DR:NON-VR Review:This game looks great, and would probably be amazing in VR but for someone already saturated in games with no VR,There is not much of a Game here. Button simulator/EVA simulator, no REAL repair simulation.If you don't have VR wait till it drops in price and they work the bugs out.. and maybe even add some real gameplay before purchasing unless you are buying it purely to float around and look at the beautiful design.Pros:pretty stellar graphics... :)......Great art direction.Cons:Relatively shallow storylineBoring gameplay.. hope you like holding F.Frustrating controls.. (though, this may be pretty realistic.)NO MAP! that I could find other than what the stations terminals provided.The Full Monty:If you have a VR headset and are foaming at the mouth for content this game would definitely be worth having. For an average PC gamer already oversaturated with game options, I see it as of far less interest.The gameplay can be categorized as Incredibly Repetitive button simulation. Not a single true ""repair"" situation. It says ""Manual repair needed"" at one point and I got real excited because I think it will have some sort of modular system/puzzle situation where you get to try to figure out how to repair a comms system with a manual in arabic or something. You know... something interesting and stressful... maybe even fun.Unfortunately the closest to repair anything I did was press a few buttons and listen to friggin soundbytes.I spent about 5 hours in this game and finished almost 3 modules. I ended up stuck in mobilis module. I was locked out of the main station and the final portion of mobilis wouldn't load. Which doesn't say much for the length of the game considering 2 or 3 hours of that 5 hours was spent going back and forth in Mobilis module making sure I had done everything. I've watched a couple of walkthroughs and didn't miss a single step but still the last door never opens. So at this point I've asked for a refund. :( (which Steam will not grant)The game plays so painfully slow, I didn't care to return to the beginning and play through again. No thanks.I fully understand the idea of taking this game slow, but in my opinion there should be a quicktravel map once you've gone through the mission. There are no old saved games and you can only go to the beginning of the closest checkpoint, Which in my case, was the last checkpoint before the end of the mobilis module. Which didn't help reset whatever bug kept it from opening.Also, I understand disorientation is one of the games ""features"" that make it more of a game but having no Map or objective reference at all is frustrating. You can press G to show little icons of interest on things floating around, but this only happens within proximity. Doesn't help to find your way really.I wish there were a ""Maybe"" option under recommendation, rather than just yes and no, Ultimately my answer would be NO unless you have a VR headset."
,Not Recommended,300060,22122517,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,soggyshoe,No triple screen support. Can't see the visor HUD.
76561197985773236,Recommended,300060,22115508,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Madlicious,20€+4hours fun=winIts a short game but its good and i dont think it would be good if u would need to play 40 hours.
76561197970680484,Recommended,300060,22122035,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Shane,"Basic StoryYou awake in space, with a badly damaged suit, in a exploded space station. Upon spawning you have no time to hang around and look at the awesome scenary because your suit is loosing air. You have to head to the accomodation wing and repair the suit, then proceed to find your way home.GameplayThe overall game is extremely short, in fact there is an achievement for completing it in under two hours. Basically space command requires you follow crash protocols of course meaning that the core games missions are of a reparing nature in order to back up data from the crash.Each of the four systems, require a three prong repair, completing these results in one of the four suits functions being fully repaired along the way....My Computer Specs (average 60fps) ...AMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 RamScore6/10"
,Not Recommended,300060,22131585,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PimpMyRide CSGOROLL.COM,"Game is well made but you often dont even know what you need to do pretty anoying because the game is pretty slow paced some times you just fly around and dont know where to go in my opinion.  I dont know if it was because i could not understand the A.I talking. Whatever and the person is nearly non emotional in the scene in the beginning where the girl was receiving signals from mission control she was just ignoring it so HOW SHOULD THEY KNOW SHES IN TROUBLE? that was the moment where the A.I assumed Nobody was alive so the story has some flawsor there isnt any story i dont know.The game is well made and looks pretty nice but it feels so linearLike = Find Part A bring it to B | Fix A and while that KEEP ON SEARCHING OXYGENSo if you like Linear Games this game is something for you but if you don´t don´t buy itI would give it8/10 GRAPHICS10/10 Atmosphere2/10 Storytelling5/10 GameplayOverall i would say 6/10Thanks for reading my Review i hope it helped you to Decide if you should buy the game or not, F0xy #RRS c:"
76561198244450412,Not Recommended,300060,22111916,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Drunky the Eighth Dwarf,"I really wanted to like this game. I had been waiting 3 months for release, and today I got on and bought this game. I was super excited, as the trailer made it look like gravity: the videogame, but IMMEDIATELY I have to download a player. A few minutes later it finishes loading and it boots up. I play for a bit. Lag galore. I get really confused. So I quit and went to play geometry dash.Adr1ft has so much potential, but wasn't living up to the hype. Too many glitches, too many crashes, too much lag. I was playing on a superfast Windows 10 PC and it was slower than constipation. Don't like what I say downgrade this and move on, but for me it was dissapointing.5.5/10 Pros:BeautifulGravity: The videogameCons:LAGCrashesBoringGrunts of cast are annoying- Jon"
,Not Recommended,300060,22149524,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mechbunny.com,"All you do is float around in space collecting oxygen containers. Absolute crap, boring as hell. I finished the game in some 3 hours and I still have no idea what happened in the station. I have it at 3440x1440 on EPIC mode and it's not even that pretty either."
76561198040614943,Not Recommended,300060,26360785,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,go_ranch,Terrible controls. You'd want to throw up immediately.
76561198112335919,Recommended,300060,23301031,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"Paid 19.95 - on sale now for 1/2 that = (      I haven't played it much - as I had planned on getting the RIFT and after buying this, canceled it and bought the HTC VIVE instead.  So waiting for the update.  It plays in 2D mode - at 9.95 I'd say it's a must get.  At 19.95 you should have a VR headset to make it worth that."
76561198110378741,Recommended,300060,22108266,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dark_Energy,SO far amazing just so breathtaking that a space game can just take you into that zone and make you feel like your alone only done an hour and i will be playing over and over again. hopfully a lot of dlc that would be nice incrediable
76561198030820033,Not Recommended,300060,24307672,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SweatyHandOfGod,"I'm sorry, it says the game supports the HTC Vive.WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE SUPPORT FOR IT THEN?Bunch of thief and scammers, that's what you are."
,Not Recommended,300060,22126135,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Neil Breen,This game looked promising bought it and then i got really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and i was mad at some the points whre i just kept dying oh then the ending oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god it was absolute garbage. I AM GETTING A REFUND
76561198123412837,Recommended,300060,22109699,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,python4161 4K,"They say astronaughts have the most danherous job in the universe. This game proves why. Set in the year 2037, a sapce station goes♥♥♥♥♥up and your left drifting through space while your eva suit sucks up your oxygen quicker than passing out on a Friday night. all in all a great game with intense survival."
76561198271809739,Not Recommended,300060,24604086,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ASHR,"Hi, jacob"
76561198041566250,Not Recommended,300060,25508320,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,^ω^ Marco >_<,Worst HTC VIVE GAME OUT THERE THE CONRTROLS ARE REALLY REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU CAN*T DO ANYTHING this game is an dissapointment
,Not Recommended,300060,23870605,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vacationist,oxygen grabbing simulator 2016
76561197971877162,Recommended,300060,22107448,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"Gravity The GameSeriously, you can tell the inspiration here.Controls need some work.  Too sluggish."
76561198327473587,Not Recommended,300060,25387072,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,tomlee9394,sick sick sick
,Not Recommended,300060,25759441,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,"Space floating sim.Wake up not knowing what happened.You look constantly for oxygen for your suit.This can get annoying but it is a central mechanic of the game,Pros:Visual GraphicsOriginal ThemeTense adventureCons:Lack of contentGame play is repetiousFemale ProtagonistNo character creation or choice.OVERALL:The game just needs alot more to it.Like, puzzles, an actual hope of getting back to earth.The more you do, like get power going to different partsof the satalite, the more it seems you're not getting back.This can get very frustrating and make for early rage quiting.In stead of oxygen bottles maybe just stations that repair yourEVA and fill the oxygen tank .This would relieve alot of stress this game creates, so you can focus.The overall goal should be getting back to earth not just surviving,to the next oxygen bottle. I can't stress that enough that this is thereason I stopped playing the game.The idea is great a space EVA sim. Just poor execution.So, with that, if it goes on sale get it,for keyboard and mouse."
76561197970511426,Not Recommended,300060,23239037,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Slashus,Vomet comet.
76561197998807108,Not Recommended,300060,26026950,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Milton,What a load of rubish. Really really hate this game. Floating about like a Tw**. There'as no gameplay involved. Total rip off. Do not buy this (IMHO). Trite.
76561197971845257,Not Recommended,300060,23480374,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,megamer,"Can't recommend this game to anyone who wants to play it in VR. The positional tracking makes your view jump around - when you lean forward, the camera resets your viewpoint. This jumping around made me absolutely sick. I haven't found a way to disable it either. Refunded the game because it made me so sick. It's really unfortunate, because it looks amazing :-("
,Recommended,300060,24246565,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ObiWannnabe,This is not a traditional game so much as it is a floating simulator. It's slow paced and beautiful and requires a lot of patience. I'd love to see how it looks through a VR headset.
76561197968514859,Recommended,300060,24092992,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Arnemsis,"I recommend this game if you'd kill someone for a ride to the ISS.VR gives you the immersion and the game only asks you for a bit of imagination and to park your disbelief.I got lost a few times as I lost the sense what's up and what's left, right or down - like in real microgravity. I liked that even when I ran in circles as it just immersed me more and I was forced to use my brain more for navigation, to put some effort in it. ;)What I didn't like is the lack of a steam cloud integration."
,Recommended,300060,24174191,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"Remarkably smooth zero-g controls and a very impressive presentation renderADR1FTimmediately immersive. Players knowingly expecting a short and very slow-paced atmospheric experience focused on simple exploration should not be disappointed.Its perfectly realized ambiance is moody and evocative, even slightly depressing at times but also awe-inspiring with its vivid colors and highly realistic lighting. The level of detail and visual fidelity is staggering, and the deliberately slow movement actually heightens the sensation, though overall the game is not very deep in content or variety.Navigating around the derelict space station is still not always easy. It is difficult not to hit floating debris, walls and especially doorways, each time deviating your course slightly unpredictably, but the floating sensation is nevertheless a generally pleasant and mostly intuitive one. Properly judging distances is sometimes tough.Helpful nav points layered directly over the scene let you (mostly) avoid getting lost as you move about activating various repair stations, which would otherwise render orientation quite confusing with 360' of pure freedom. Beware though, if you wander too far the icons will become too small to see your current objective and you may have a hard time finding your way back.Repair missions usually consist in reaching a console that tells you what's wrong, and then following the path to the right buttons to push to fix it. The improbable logic behind these repetitive missions is absurd at best but this game was never about solving puzzles or challenging your reflexes. Instead it conveys an intense feeling of elation and loneliness, almost a moment of contemplation, as you experience the sensation of floating into space, and these objectives merely give you guidance over a generally linear path. As such, its short length is actually a positive point.Each section focuses on one crew member's personal history, giving a bit of background on life abord the Northstar IV before things went wrong. The exact series of events that led to the present catastrophic situation are never quite explicitly revealed but you are given enough hints to have a general understanding. This is done through bits of information discovered via various logs and terminals, and automatically intercepted communications.The narrative is rather commonplace, and the interposed delivery makes the connection with every other human being very distant. I found it difficult to determine whether I could actually relate to the mostly silent protagonist in any way, especially in light of what is eventually revealed about her actions.Have a look at the screenshots and consider whether you'd like to lose yourself in this world for a few hours in solitude. If so, grab the game during its next sale and enjoy! Otherwise, if you're looking for a more challenging experience or a deeply engaging story line, you may wish to look elsewhere.Note that I played the regular version of the game with an Xbox 360 controller, without VR equipment."
76561197993950984,Not Recommended,300060,25049457,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,youmert,"Of all my 20 VR games, ADRIFT is the only one that has never worked, ever, no matter the install scenario.Machine is a brand new w7. an i7 w/1080 Nvidia, so..."
,Recommended,300060,25073299,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,createthis,"This game isn't going to be for everyone. Why? Because it's going to make many people sick. I'm starting to think there are two different kinds of VR games emerging:1.) The stuff most people can play because it doesn't make most people sick2.) The really advanced stuff that will probably make most people hurl, but that a select few will gladly play just to have the experience.I think this game falls into the latter category. I'm playing on the HTC Vive. Let's talk about the Vive experience:The controls are a little clunky. The menus have no pointer device as we expect. Instead, they use the D-pad on the left controller to navigate. This isn't clear from the instructions given, but once you figure it out, it's no big deal.The controllers don't manipulate the hands in-game, but I didn't really care. You can still swipe at objects and make them fly away, which is cool.Controlling the EVA suit is a *lot* like flying a drone. You have full 3d freedom. Up, Down, Forward, Back, Strafe Left, Strafe Right, Pitch, Yaw, and Roll. As such, it takes a while to master. The computer helps you a bit, as Pitch, Yaw, and Roll auto stabilize, but you still drift freely in the other dimensions. This means you have to learn to do momentum math in your head, just like with a racing drone. If you add thrust in the forward direction and you're already going forward, you go forward faster. The nice thing is that there is an ""EVA Brake"" (both triggers) which will mostly stop all movement. I wish my drones had that feature!I did feel nausea, but dude... I was in a freakin EVA suit in SPACE! You have any idea how much astronauts have to train to keep their lunch in situations like this? I feel like you're completely crazy if you expect to have an EVA spacesuit experience without the nausea.I'll *never* actually be able to afford a trip to space, so this is probably the closest I'll ever get. I'll gladly hurl a million times in exchange for the experience.BTW, I thought the nausea was controllable as long as I was expecting the movement. It became an order of magnitude worse when I would hit a bulkhead unexpectedly, or a piece of space junk, and unexpected movement would result. The auto EVA Suit repair station movement was the WORST. I almost hurled right there.Still, it was all worth it and I'll be coming back for more."
76561198049213144,Recommended,300060,25062188,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SHTONADO,"Amazing experience even without the VR set, visual ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on Epic settings. Surreal atmosphere through out the game. Unique approach to a space sim, absolutely would recommend. If you happen to have a rig with the VR set, this will BLOW YOUR MIND visually. Story is easy to digest, and happens while you are trying to escape back to Earth. Well done 505."
,Not Recommended,300060,25082925,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Loppy,"Boring Gameplay, game objectives unclear.Looks great, but really only worth it if you have a VR rig; which I don't."
,Not Recommended,300060,24726430,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,asktoby,"Playing on Vive, it keeps wresting control from me when I go past O2 cannisters, spinning me around and making me nauseous."
,Not Recommended,300060,24697255,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,LeChuck,"I have to say that this game looks like it must be awesome, but I find the Vive support to be awful in many ways. I have some suggestions:- At the moment, moving your head over a small range teleports you to the center of your helmet. This kills all the fun in the game. I would rather having your head moving your helmet if you get too close to either side, even if it's less realistic it will make the game more comfortable to play.- The hands need to be controlled with the Vive controllers. The current controls don't feel natural at all.I really hope they change these things, I can't wait to play this game, everything else looks fenomenal."
76561197992353193,Recommended,300060,24760860,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CrazyIvan,"A little repetitive, however a worthwhile and gorgeous experience."
,Not Recommended,300060,24760245,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Decompiled,"I am going to repeat what many others have said. It is a repetitive game that isn't very interesting. I liked floating around in zero gravity and the graphics are nice, but that wasn't enough for me to enjoy it overall. Unless this is on sale very cheaply, just skip it.2/5"
76561198022088233,Not Recommended,300060,24695620,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,=EBS=  Sir_Henry_Deadman,"NEARLY THREW UP... LIKE IVE PLAYED 17MINS AND THE MOTION ON THIS IS ALMOST UNBEARABLE... MIGHT JUST BE ME? I DONT KNOW BUT IM STILL DIZZY NOW, NOT EVEN A LITTLE LIKE INNER EAR INFECTION CAN QUIET MANAGE SICK...."
,Recommended,300060,24820010,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,surrealeus,"Do you want to feel like an astronaut flailing around in the debris of a space station? It's a small price to pay for that experience. I would only play this in VR, however, as it is rather repetitive."
76561198306202525,Not Recommended,300060,24658906,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,El Cid,"On Vive, this game is early alpha at best. The controls are a mess. They don't work as motion controllers at all, more like a broken gamepad. If you're going through the tutorial, make sure you have the right controller in your right hand and the left one in the left. Don't know which one is which? Yeah, neither did I. Oh, and don't try to reverse the y-axis -- it'll crash the game. And there's no way to recover from within Steam VR, you've got to go through task manager.I've asked for a refund. That game had better remained a Rift exclusive."
,Not Recommended,300060,24690120,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ski,"This game's controls are so mind-numbingly bad that I gave up on this game in the first half hour. Also, the load screens take FOREVER."
76561197993282468,Recommended,300060,24621097,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,rookles,"Solid vive experience. Probably not a game to throw granny in to show her VR as the controls are a little hard, but I consider that a good thing. Its hard because its realistic, not because they are bad. You need to manage the thrusters on your body to manage your momentum as you move through space. Once you get the hang of it, its a somewhat challenging and beautiful game."
,Recommended,300060,22913019,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Orcinus,"My only issue with the game was no keyboard+mouse contron with Oculus. Latest update provides it so I suggest you try this great feeling. Not overly long, but intense."
,Not Recommended,300060,24669168,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tschisi,"The whole g ame was played through after like 20 minutes then I had to re do that♥♥♥♥♥♥another 5 times so all in all the game felt like 20 minutes of texture and gameplay then simply presss copy paste 6 times and voula you got ADR1FT.It took me alot time to beat other games until I had this on my list.Well thx devs for the first 20 minutes it where one of the most flashy 20 minutes gameplay I ever had but the rest of ADR1FT was like the most  boring Shizzle I ever had to play through.....+ New gameplay+ ultra nice with vr+ you can shoot a dead crewmember back into earths atmosphere+ Physics- Short gameplay wich you have to play over and over again for about 6 times- Story, if the game ever had a story like we (the captain) crashed the space station to kill everyone cause we are F crazy, well no sorry this you have to put yourself together.- no endingLIike wtf ?? the ending was the worst ever.All players woulda hope for something elser then that.Gameplay plus physics are awsomeStory and ending are pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥zzleI would recommend this game but only if you bvuy it for like 8 Bucks NOT 20 !!!!"
76561197989126989,Recommended,300060,24682729,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,keenmetal,"Enjoyed it a lot. It's not really challenging, but it was a great VR experience on the oculus rift. Got motion sickness in the first 20 mins, but next day it was fine. Beautiful environment to relax, take your time and float from point to point. The setting would be perfect for a horror genre with jump scares, thankfully this game has non of those, but it gives you an understanding of what will be coming in future."
,Not Recommended,300060,24668577,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,robocow,"Not great for VR. The animations where the game takes control are properly sickening. Gameplay is repetative, and not worth the endurance.If you have to, buy it on sale and play a for a little bit, the first half hour is great as an 'experience.'Just be warned, both I and a friend have been left feeling pretty ill."
,Not Recommended,300060,24789975,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ArmitageShanks,"Great graphics, great sound. Awful controls. The developers literally just mapped the XBox controller buttons to the Vive handset buttons and claimed it supports the Vive. It doesn't. There are no motion controls at all. The head tracking is terrible - you can literally move out of your suit and look down your neck. And then it snaps back a few seconds later.Save your money and get something else - this is probably a prime example of how NOT to do a game on the Vive. Which is a real pity since this looked like it should be a must-buy."
76561198293178548,Recommended,300060,24783184,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ForNow1,This was a nice game...and it was sort of prettyin is scenery.  But it was some what repetitive and quick.  I did appreciate these random of floating in space and trying to solve the mystery about the game.  It takes some patience and adjusting of floating around but above all I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,300060,24953547,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,The movie director,"its fun and looks really pretty, but its really hard"
,Recommended,300060,24623668,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Toasted Loaf,"Played on the Vive!This game felt awesome in VR but after around 30-50 minutes, I did start to a little nauseous. I was standing so maybe sitting is better. I recommend you play with a gamepad, and not the Vive controllers.Despite all that, I still recommend it because it is a very awesome VR experience!Here is how the game works on the HTC Vive! -https://youtu.be/E-uZQ5soHD0"
76561198087528174,Recommended,300060,24625511,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Major Gibbo,A beautiful looking survival game that lets you explore and get lost in space.At least until you run out of oxygen.
,Recommended,300060,24622838,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Flashpan,"The Vive controls can be fiddly, but are sublime once you get used to them. This game is one of my all time favourite VR games this far. The feeling of being in a spacesuit and floating around in space is unparalled. That plus the huge vistas really make this a special treat."
,Recommended,300060,24623302,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sire,"Vive Review:ADR1FT is a slow burn of a game, if you've seen Gravity you have the basic concept of what's going on here: You're stuck floating around in space trying to survive while looking to for a way back to Earth safely. Everything about the game is slow, and that's intentional, you won't be doing any face-paced movements here and there really is no need to as there aren't enemies to dodge or run from. This allows you to take in the beauty of the game, watching tons of particles and debris floating around freely is space is really really cool and kind of calming. The game looks and sound fantastic, the aesthetic is wonderful and the sounds, while very minimal, make you feel like you're really stuck in your spacesuit with everything being a thud around you. You're confined to the suit and it's the only thing keeping you alive, playing in VR the helmet is all around you and is kinda cozy.Gameplay is really simple, you float around with your damaged suit, collect oxygen bottles to refill your air supply (since you breath it and use it to thrust through space), collect things and interact with computers. There's also optional items to find and logs to read, if you want. Bumping into stuff damages the suit but you'll find suit repair kiosks around the station to fix any damage, which is nice. The suit will also be upgraded giving it a larger tank and making it more durable. There isn't much else really, so if you're not into the atmospheric type game, this isn't for you.The team delayed the Vive release for a while but they weren't just making the Rift version work on the Vive Headset, they really wanted to get the Vive controllers working within the game as well. They managed to pull it off, but I don't know how well they did it, every button the controllers is utilized (which is absolutely necessary considering the range of movement you need to do) but it's an bear to wrangle with: Triggers ascend/decend, grip buttons roll you left/right, the right touch pad aims you around, the left touch pad is your WASD. This is really, really damn hard to master. Also, while the Vive controllers show up in game floating in front of you (they don't act as your hands, they're just there) they only serve one purpose, if you aim the right one your character will ""auto-aim"" towards important objects so all you really need to do is press forward to get to that object as easily as possible, the problem with this though is that it's really, really god damn disorienting and I wish you could turn it off. Another really annoying issue is that bumping into things causes you to bounce around causing you to twist and turn against your will and, while realistic, is super annoying and disorienting especially with the complex controls. The best part of using the Vive controllers in game serves no purpose but really immerses you, is that you can push everything that floats around and watch it spin off and away into space. Very cool touch.I don't think ADR1FT is for everyone, and as someone who was excited for it since it's announcement, loves non-action oriented space things and bought the game on release only to wait several months for Vive support it's a really hard recommendation. I feel like the game could be filled under ""walking simulator"" and I think it's one of the better ones out there, but I wouldn't say it's a must-have for VR but it makes for some incredible breathtaking sights as you float alone in space high above earth and I think for that, it's worth it."
,Recommended,300060,24623472,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Godserv,"The attention to detail in this game, for a first-year VR game, is astounding. It completely pulls you into the feeling of being an astronaut on a heavily-damanged space station. You have to as much energy as possible, while you gingerly navigate around debree and rooms.That said, there are some cons. The controls actually take time to ""train,"" because they seem based on propulsion jets in your suit. In that way, the controls become part of the game itself.Also, you're pretty much alone in an open-world-styled exploration. I think the atmosphere (no pun intended) is super cool and engrosing, but I can see how others, who want a little more flash-bang in their game, might bounce off this one."
76561198095090445,Recommended,300060,24081982,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,craig.rich,"Running on Rift DK2. Great sense of immersion, dizzying ""which side is up"" perspective, and a fantastic sense of scale when you see the earth. The game, however, seems a little fetch-questy and lacking in pointers as to what is next. If you miss an audio queue or minor graphical pointer you can be drifting around wondering where next, which door to open or which of the all-too-similar corridors to float down. I am now using it as a bit of a demo of VR, not as a full blown game. Recommend checking it first if you can."
76561197970258001,Recommended,300060,24065045,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,tom.keating,"Great game to introduce you to VR, you really get immersed and the sensation of being in space is very convincing. While I've only played this for a while and have some time to go to complete it, I am enjoying it. I think one will get bored of it as it can get repeatatious but worth the reduced price of Eur 9!"
76561198008597582,Recommended,300060,23590857,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,project_mercy,"FYI, the game has Denuvo protection in it, which is not actually listed, and I feel is deceptive. I wouldn't have purchased it if I had known.  I'm moving this to a thumbs up, but honestly it's both thumbs up and thumbs down, depending on what you're looking for.The game isn't really so much a game as a spacewalk simulator. There isn't a huge amount of story, and the story/plot is relatively thin, depressing, and not astounding compelling. As a simulator it's somewhat arcadish but at least it's as good as Hollywood's idea of a space walk.That said, in VR the game is beautiful and a great experience. I refer to the controls and ""feel"" of your avatar as a good example of how VR should be implemented. It's only about 4-10 hours of play depending on how interested you are in chasing achievements.If you're looking for an interesting VR experience I would say try it out, otherwise probably skip it. I don't think I would have liked it much in 2D, and I'm not a huge fan of devs who feel time, energy and resources are better spent on copy protection at the expense of their paying customers."
76561198080793519,Recommended,300060,23510779,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,victor.sanpedro,Ghange my mind.Finally I have to say that the game is interesting.Greetings.
,Recommended,300060,25554195,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,GyrosGeier,Claustrophobic. I like it.
,Recommended,300060,24626016,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MANTRONIX,"Great experience! You shouldn't play it with the Vive controllers though. You're better off with those xbox-controllers. Very immersive, great audio and visuals."
76561197972484398,Recommended,300060,26171801,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Uriel,I played this game in VR with HTC Vive and aside from spending the first 15 minutes working out I need to point at things to pick them up rather than grab them I found the whole thing fun and enaging.
76561197968360228,Recommended,300060,26495575,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BigBools,"I found this to be a very good immersive vr experience.  Good looking game, that seems well optimised and runs smoothly.Sound is awesome, with very atmospheric music that really draws you in.A lot of people are complaining about controls, personally I like to use the vive controllers and find them to work well.  The experience ofthe controls and zero gravity give this a realistic feel, or at least what I imagine it to be like floating in a tin can in space.I had some mild VR sickness the first time I played this, but that was the result of using an xbox controller, and turning too fast.  I've had no issues since.I would rate this 8/10, good quality polished vr experience.  I think a sequel with full motion control implementation would be awesome....more of the same please!"
76561198178006161,Recommended,300060,28165384,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zephyr J,Apparently fantastic! But somehow boring if you cannot calm down to enjoy the beatiful scenes. A better choice when feel tired in playing those fast pace games. At least it attracted me to put my head set for FOUR hours continuously.
,Recommended,300060,28713501,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smugz,"VR REVIEW:This game is what it claims to be and nothing more, if you are going in hoping for a Star Wars type experience think twice before purchasing. This game is slow paced and will only be enjoyable for those who are interested in space itself and what it would really be like to be there (not space fiction, although I do enjoy that).The controls are hard to get used to and the game can cause motion sickness with all the rotating around that you do, I was also dissapointed that the VIVE controllers were not linked to the characters hands and were instead seperate (this broke immersion in some ways and also made the game feel less smooth, especially when you could see your characters hands moving in front of you and you were not moving the controllers.)The game does look outstanding in VR though, it really did feel like I was in space floating around in a broken space station, and I like the feature they used with the helmet where you are able to move your head around but it does not move the helmet (this is very realistic).Although I could not play this game for long periods of time due to motion sickness I would reccomend it while it is on sale to anyone who is interested in real space and is able to accept the fact that there are no space fights or anything like that. If the game is not on sale, I would wait.SCORE: 6/10"
76561198356829774,Not Recommended,300060,30380544,Posted: 7 March,all,Grandad,"Whilst beautiful, it's impossible to recommend for two reasons:1.  It's not fun.  This is meant to be a game, but most of the time it feels more like an astronaut simulator where staying alive is the only thing that you do.  When I'm floating in space in a game, I want to be able to explore, and look around at the lovely environment and stunning views...not constantly searching for oxygen.  Every. Single. Minute!  It's just not fun.2.  The motion controls are awful.  I felt physically sick after just a few minutes.  I've tried going back after playing some other games (none of which have ever made me feel sick), and immediately felt sick again.Sort out the motion controls, and give an option to have an increased size of oxygen tank and this would be a complete no-brainer to purchase.  As it is though, stay away."
,Recommended,300060,28672803,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WaveformLogic,Played this on the Vive. This game is visually fantastic in VR. Great sensation of floating through space - the high quality graphics really pop to give you an immersive experience. The locomotion modification the developer makes available helps if you experience any nausea.
,Not Recommended,300060,23424475,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Sythierius,"I really want to play this game on my Rift, but it makes me very sick. I get nowhere near 90fps with a i5-3570k + GTX970. Until the developers create a graphics options menu, I simply can't enjoy this game in VR. Shame, because it looks like it would be an awesome experience."
76561197982905875,Recommended,300060,23649554,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,D.A.N.,"Don’t let it go ! Adr1ft is the closest spacewalk experience ever offered by a video game. Visually gorgeous with ultra-realistic space views.  This first-person spacewalk adventure immerses you in a stunning feeling of isolation, weightlessness and urgency to survive in space. The lack of direction to follow the survivor pass and the repetitiveness in actions progressively raise a feeling of frustration through the EVA experience. But this is all what a real spacewalk is about. Steady carefulness, slow motion, repetitiveness in basic actions, thinking ahead, spatial awareness and mastering the frustration of the suit limitations & constraints are key skills to be mastered to perform a safe and efficient spacewalk, which requires patience dedicaction and determination. You’ll need all of these to make it through in Adr1ft !"
,Recommended,300060,23773284,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Diziet Embless Sma,"I think this experience is pretty much defined by whether you play it in VR or not.  In VR the sense of scale and space is phenomenal and the graphics easily amongst the most captivating I've seen.The controls I found very well thought out allowing me to move/drift about with good accuracy between segments and avoid bumping into things inside segments most of the time.In terms of gameplay actions there is little.  The navigation compass is passable.  If the arrows are big and off to the side wrong orientation, if it's small and in front you're facing the right way, enough that I knew where to go with some thought.  The game is very much float over here, hit this switch/computer/button, grab this, take it over there plug it in and unlock something else to do.There's enough detail present in the emails on PCs and voice recorders etc. to flesh out the world and the events well enough.  Well I say that, but I've not finished it yet having played about 90 mins, but it's certainly looking OK so far.So if you've not got VR you may want to pass on this unless the idea appeals and you're a fan of these kind of so called walking simulators.  It's not up there with Gone Home but I've found myself preferring it to Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.  If you've got VR go for it, pretty much unreservadly I feel.. the experience is worth it even if the gameplay isn't.P.S. I've got the strangest sense that I'm still in some kind of space suit despite stopping playing some ten or so minutes ago.  Persistence of altered reality.  The game view is from inside the space suit so you're view is very effectively restricted; it's *really* well done."
,Recommended,300060,24242690,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Fluttershy,Very beautiful game and experience BUT many game crashes :(
76561198040841520,Recommended,300060,25280392,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,RhinoExhibit,"I can hardly describe how amazing this game is.  It's scary, it's beautiful, it feels like a true taste of being in space.  What a fantastic experience.I played on a Vive with GTX 1080.  The game controls could use a little polishing, but the great experience far outweighs any little issue like this.Would recommend that the developer add the ability to push off the space station walls with my hands using the Vive controllers."
76561197997569585,Not Recommended,300060,28343131,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,cfrag,"Adr1ft looks impressive, and the immersion with HTC Vive is great - a dream come true for everyone who (like me) wanted to become an astronaut.  So why don't I recommend it? While the EVA tutorial nicely shows off the potential this game has, it's also the only mode that works with my VIVE. As soon as I start the game, it crashes so hard that I have ti re-start the whole computer (haven't had that in a long time). A shame, really, as I really want to play this game."
76561197985745165,Not Recommended,300060,28762466,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Magilum,"I was really excited for this game and was looking forward to it the most when I got my Vive.  Unfortunately there were two issues that killed my interest instantly.  First and least important, the hands on the character do not match your movements in VR. There is no direct correlation so it never feels right.  Second, this game made me very ill very quickly.  I am not particularly or extremely vulnerable to motion sickness, but this game was unplayable for me.I don't know if it's a good game or not, I like the idea, but the execution was lacking.If you have a Vive, give it a shot, and be ready to refund it, but if you are fortunate enough to not become extremely ill within the first minute, then I expect there is a decent game here."
,Not Recommended,300060,28803906,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Akeakamaye,VR version : I can't play this game. I have a slight motion sickness and the movement are realy making me sick. The rotation are what realy make me feel dizzy.I can play other VR tittle where I'm placed on the ground and not moving with ease.It looks amazing though.
,Not Recommended,300060,28730222,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Alekso56,"Amazing graphics, altho generic earth background and space.terrible gameplay at best."
,Recommended,300060,29081107,Posted: 6 January,all,Mario Zaizar,"AWESOME. Smooth, beautiful, intense. 10/10"
,Recommended,300060,22110152,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Lazer_Deer,Awesome!
76561198042942708,Recommended,300060,29144137,Posted: 9 January,all,Quik2505,Great game - Reminded me of a time when games were hard and not everything was spelled out for you.Definitely not for beginners. Would recommend to friends.
,Not Recommended,300060,28965800,Posted: 2 January,all,patzivota,"I thought I would love this game. I'm a huge fan of space, and the movie Gravity was just incredible. This game seems to be inspired by Gravity, which is a huge plus in my books. However, even though ADR1FT is very beautiful, the gameplay is very, very weak. You do very, very little in this game. It's like a walking simulator. Gameplay is borderline null. You go to this area/thing and hold F, then you go somewhere else and repeat. The characters are boring. They say some of the most overused, cliche lines you could imagine. Movement is understandably awkward, being in zero G, but I don't feel the game did a good job with it. It just doesn't feel right. A huge annoyance was trying to grab a floating oxygen container by holding F. You have to hold F and move forwards towards it if you're not close enough to grab it, but for some reason that sometimes just puts you in a spiral spin with the oxygen container where you never actaully grab it--it's always a few inches out of reaching it, spinning with you. That doesn't make a lick of sense.I played about 1.5 hrs of ADR1FT and went ahead and got a refund. I didn't have fun. Didn't feel I got something good from the money I spent. It's not worth $20. But it does really look good though. It has that going for it. All looks and no brains."
76561197966822674,Recommended,300060,28891352,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Elysium,"Very complex controls if you have no clue how zero gravity works. Otherwise it's a lot of fun and stressfull, but in a good way...LOL..  I def recommend this VR game."
,Recommended,300060,30033349,Posted: 19 February,all,[SSA] Carl (Ratchet),"VR:I started the game after reading the reviews and being excited, I was greeted by a very good looking game that ran extremely well. I then chose to play the demo... Within 5 seconds of it loading I had to rip my Vive off trying to hold down my breakfast, becuase apparently if you are visually floating around and your body isn't, it freaks out and causes a motion sickness that I am (2 days later) still not entirely over.I then launched the game and was greeted by my character doing 360 kickflips in space, the contents of my stomach had become one with my living room at this point and once again my Vive was being violently torn from my face.Protip - Don't play this in VR unless you have a stomach of pure metal.PC:Looks very good, plays well. Not really my type of game but danm they did well with 6 degrees of freedom and the quality is quite good."
76561198129957587,Not Recommended,300060,30033490,Posted: 19 February,all,Lysan,"A tech demo for VR, for what it is, it does very good. However as a game it is shallow and not worth the effort.No development or updates to the game what so ever.get it if you like to see what VR is about, if not more on."
76561198111820122,Recommended,300060,30064264,Posted: 20 February,all,Blashyrkh,"Great Experience and very immersive space feeling aka ""Gravity"""
,Recommended,300060,28739530,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Crushfield,"Interstellar met apollo 13 at a house party where they took copius amounts of quaaludes. Then together, they played Mirror's Edge until it turned into ""ADR1FT.""It's very chill with nice visuals. The arrow on the hud map always points to the next objective. Upgrade your suit. Do Stuff. Float around. Survive?"
,Not Recommended,300060,30346271,Posted: 5 March,all,Switch,"Awesome graphics, maybe interesting story, the game mechanics sucks, and the motion controlling way it's just messed up, will make you throw up for sure. I hope they fix the game, Homebound VR got the motion control right!"
76561198348336536,Recommended,300060,31329273,Posted: 23 April,all,wroller5,Love this space theme and it's well done
76561198047269460,Not Recommended,300060,22468897,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,AnarkySWG,"Deleting my entire review.This game is not a game. It's a graphics / tech demo with 1 or 2 game mechanics thrown in.It should really be free, I do not understand how it is still selling when it is pretty clear that the game can be finished in about 4-5 hours and there is no development, updates or any hope for any DLC in the future.Save your money and time."
,Recommended,300060,31487721,Posted: 1 May,all,FlukeRogi,"* Comments relate to playing the game in VR, so please keep that in mind *Adr1ft is the space equivalent of a walking simulator - a floating simulator if you will. Set against the backdrop of an already destroyed space station, your objective is to simply repair some key systems in order to launch a life pod and get back to Earth.Hints as to what went wrong are discovered via the standard trope of audio logs scattered around the station, with the odd email and intercepted news reports filling in a bit more background. The story is never fully fleshed out though; more than anything, this is about the experience of being alone high above the Earth, and it does that remarkably well.Despite the setting and an ever dwindling oxygen supply (though it's rarely a problem, there's plenty to be found), it's a very sedate game; if game is actually the correct term. It's more a case of ""follow the waypoints"", though I did find the 2d radar in a 6DOF world to be slightly confusing at times.A run through will probably take you 3-4 hours if you don't rush, so you might want to hold off for a sale or a bundle if price vs game length is a concern. If you have the hardware, throwing a bit of super-sampling at this game makes a lot of difference, clearing up some quite obvious aliasing effects at a distance.Overall, not an essential title, but if you have a HMD, it's worth checking out."
76561198052010244,Recommended,300060,31657659,Posted: 9 May,all,G i Jouh,ON THE POSITIVE SIDE this game is beautiful. The music and voice acting is few and far between BUT its space! The only voices you are going to hear is audio logs. The controls are exactly as you would expect someone floating in space. It takes a minute to understand that there is no gravity therefore there is no up or down. All in all I would say the game is pectacular.ON THE NEGATIVE SIDE I lost count how many times I DIED wandering around because the map pointed my next objective that was right in front of me... but it is not there. The objective was down 400 meter but I couldn't tell. Its a 2D map in a 3D world? That causes problems. You think you are going the right way but then you turn a little bit and the map spins completely around. Fustrating to no end. Just saying it could have been better.
,Not Recommended,300060,31735251,Posted: 13 May,all,WreckItRalph,"Paid full price, wanted to support the developers in this time of age because this looked promising. Worst mistake i've made, the games graphics look great, and the physics of the world are consistant, but the level design, and having to backtrack everywhere without knowing where to even go with a simple quest marker, Is just down right disapointing. Thought it would atleast be a fun expirience, but i'm completly glitched at solaris mainframe, searched it up i'm forced to restart the entire campaign which takes twice as long since the game wants you moving reallly slow and steam will not refund... DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,300060,31658606,Posted: 9 May,all,Dopefish,Pros:- Beautiful game.- Probably a cool VR experience.- Supports 21:9 and FOV settings.Cons:-Extremelyrepetitive and tedious.- Nothing really happens or changes throughout the game.- Ending felt anticlimactic.
,Not Recommended,300060,28539257,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mwright74,"Note: I am coming from about 20 minutes of gameplay i couldnt play anymore because i got very motion sick.The Reviews for this game are very missleading especially the ones about the oxygen being intrusive and you always needing to go find oxygen in my opinion the oxygen was not intrusive at all every doorway you went threw there is about 5 cans of oxygen right there for you to grab. But if you get motion sick i can not recommend this game at all i dont normaly get motion sick from the vive but this game made me extremely motion sick, but it isnt a bad game it is very graphicly impressive. But that is the problem really i cant say much more apart from saying it is a pretty game. I cant say much about the story because i was focusing on trying to not be sick more than i was on the actual story."
,Recommended,300060,27339075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MisterPhillthy,Walking Sim/exploration game set in space.Didnt play it in VR but sure it would be an amazing experience as its a pretty game running on a monitor.
76561197979512168,Not Recommended,300060,34040307,Posted: 5 August,all,[TTS] HICKS,"Why doesnt my Oculus Touch controllers work with the game even tho they work in all other VR games and the game specs say ""Motion controller support""!?!?!....Why wants a xBox controller to play a game like this!??"
,Recommended,300060,29028160,Posted: 4 January,all,PyongDANG,"This game is best played with a controller and a huge screen, dark room, and silence. It is extremely relaxing and looks amazing.The main mechanic is floating around. That's it. Just float slowly around and repair the station. Sounds boring, right? Well ♥♥♥♥ you.It's amazing. It's the kind of game you can kind of lose yourself in for a while without too much thought, even though the narrative is very interesting and is told through audio snippets and text messages between crew.Minimalism is sometimes exactly what you need. This game is awesome."
,Recommended,300060,34819610,Posted: 8 September,all,SeanPerryman,"I just finished this, and am not entirely sure how I feel about it. I missed quite a few of the SSD backups and audio logs, and apparently I got in trouble for it. I think it is a fun game with quite a few clenchy moment. Would be awesome to play in VR in a gyroscope, but I don't think current technology allows for that."
,Recommended,300060,34902863,Posted: 12 September,all,Red Prince,"The motion controlls for this game are really weird, I'd use a controller but it's only 1m wired."
76561197965046644,Recommended,300060,35076681,Posted: 19 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"After seeing the movie gravity I always wanted to experience space in that sense of being stuck floating through debris and trying to stay alive with whatever oxygen you can find. Sadly this game has offered a interesting experience it does have a few issues that hurt it .==The Good==1. Nice visuals - Earth, moon , space and the station itself looks amazing and helps the immersion of the game.==The 50/50==1. Story - I like how you are left to decide on trying to piece together the situation while on your quest to escape this madness or just escape without much care. Finding the crew's logs and what happened to them to help piece together the events leading up to your awakening are rather interesting as they tell you a bit about the crew and their opinions but at the same time the adventure to find such items can be annoying then fun...which can end up having you say whatever and focus more on the escape then finding what's going on.==The bad==1. Controls - If your playing this then expect a control only experience as anything else will likely drive you up the wall. The controls are very tough to control and any slight movement feels off and feels like you want to break your controller in half.2. Motion Sickness? - Having played my share of space games, I noticed this game just made me sick after awhile. For some reason the overall movement in this game just puts me off. So just be warned if you have motion sickness then might want to avoid this or take it in small amounts.==Overall==If motion sickness doesn't bother you and you like a slow adventure/mystery game then I would suggest trying this out as there is a lot to it but again the controls and movement can drag this out more then it needs to be."
,Not Recommended,300060,35282201,Posted: 28 September,all,Merry,I really wanted to love this game. The initial gameplay videos looked compelling and visually this game is absolutely stunning but the gameplay is lacking. I've played my fair share of walking simulators used as a mechanism for delivering a compelling story and I have nothing against the genre. Gone Home is a FANTASTIC game with a slow steady pace and a great story just to name one example. I'm a huge space geek and I also love survival games so I thought ADR1FT would be right up my alley but the gameplay just doesn't work.Floating at a snails pace through ravaged space station is fun for an hour or two but after that it becomes pretty tedious. I tried to finish this about a year ago but it wasn't holding my attention. I stubbornly kept it installed and tried again recently but there simply isn't enough story or good gameplay mechanics to keep me interested.To be fair I'm not playing this on a VR headset so maybe that is why I'm not digging it as much as I'd hoped.
