user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,300570,16821369,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,fifteen schnitzengruben,"How to solve a puzzle in Infinifactory:1) Look at the output and think, ""That's not so hard, let me put this here and that over there.""2) Run your experiment.3) Swear because it's nowhere near what you thought it would be.4) Swear again.5) Come up with a rickety solution that works under one use case but falls apart on others. (This is exactly like some real-world programming!)6) Marvel as your friends come up with more elegant, faster solutions.7) Realize that you're having a tremendous time.I don't know what Zachtronics has against the human brain or why he wants to punish it so, but I encourage his behavior. Great game, they've been very good about expanding it and refining puzzles. Recommended."
,Recommended,300570,14077507,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,petrucio,"This game is freaking awesome. Don't let the Early Access tag scare you, because it's pretty far off, and it's already worth every full-priced penny in it's current state even if the developer decided to walk away tomorrow (which I'm sure Zach will not do)The best thing about this game (and SpaceChem before it) is the awesome feeling of ""♥♥♥♥ yeah, I'm such a badass for doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, that you get after each level completed. And in a way you are, as this game is a lot harder and smarter than most games out there.Pros:- ""I'm such a bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; feeling- Great tutorial/intro- 3 solution slots per level- Spacechem pyramid dangling in the rear view mirror in the intro- Learning curve is very well balanced- Stable and polishedCons:- No in-game recording and sharing tool (ok, this shouldn't be a Con, but we got spoiled...)- No or too few data points to compare performance (this will turn into a Pro later, as this feature is awesome)Graphics are functional but nothing to write home about, neither Pro nor Con, but certainly good enough.I recommend you pick this up at full price if you can, as this is one developer that deserves more money so he can make more good stuff like this. The fact that H1Z1 is topping the top selling list while people put this game on their wishlists waiting for a sale just makes me want to cry. So go ahead and pick this one up sooner rather than later."
,Recommended,300570,17148949,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The Dane of 5683,"Infinifactory does this thing I love. It makes you earn your enjoyment of it.You load up your next task and take a look at what you'll need to produce and what materials you'll have to produce it with. Immediately, some ideas start popping and you think, ""Okay, I know what to do."" Ten minutes later, everything's wrong and you realize you were being naive. But you keep building and trying things because that's just who you are. An hour later, things start to click. You still feel dumb as bricks but you're at least smarter than you were ten minutes ago. Then, long after you began, you have a working production facility. You are a genius. The smartest of the smart. Nothing can bring you down from this high.Then you get to see how your solution rates against everyone else who's finished that same factory and it turns out you're actually pretty much middle-of-the-road. But maybe you can go back and adjust some things and score better? Or maybe you've learned some things and maybe your vision and clarity has leveled up and just by starting fresh you can shave your score by half?Whatever the case, you have had a blast. You've been challenged for the first time in who knows how long. You've had fun and by all the things that you might even consider swearing on, you've earned that fun.____SpaceChem is one of my favourite puzzle games of all time. I adore its design and its open-ended puzzles. I was interested in Infinifactory because I liked SpaceChem. I was also skeptical. I didn't like the idea of doing puzzles in a 3D space. I didn't like the aesthetic. I didn't like the whole factory concept.I needn't have worried. Infinifactory is actually probably better than SpaceChem. Which hurts me to say. But it doesn't hurt too much because I'm busy having tons of fun."
76561197971578911,Recommended,300570,17448237,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Flyboy Connor,"I can be very brief about this game:If you like Zachtronic's SpaceChem, you will like Infinifactory.If you love SpaceChem, you will love Infinifactory.If you hate SpaceChem, you will hate Infinifactory even more.If you think SpaceChem is too hard, you will find Infinifactory undoable.If you never played SpaceChem, what are you waiting for? There is a free demo available. And if you enjoy it, rest assured that you will enjoy Infinifactory too.Heartily recommended for all those who love tough puzzles and enjoy building complex machines."
76561198069713381,Recommended,300570,14072998,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Warmist,"If you haven't tried zachtronics games you are missing a great deal of puzzles. This time they come back with mindtwisting manufacturing puzzle. Although it's called ""Early access"" the bugs are minor (haven't got a crash, but some options are missing) and developer is actively involved in both puzzle tweaking and further development.As for the game itself? It's very polished. Puzzles are start out easy enough and involve some that are easy but not obvious (a thing that is missing in A LOT of other games) until they get harder and harder. Each level (probably while it's in early access) features a questionnaire asking for your opinion of this level.All in all this is very good and game for all puzzle lovers and constructive mind people."
,Recommended,300570,33806556,Posted: 26 July,all,alf,"It's a mix of Portal and SpaceChem, for people who like Factorio, presented through a blocky Minecraft like medium.How the hell can you not love that?"
76561197968521461,Recommended,300570,14074064,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,duckhunter,"OMG!  After I passed the initial training rounds I realized very quickly this is EXACTLY what I wanted.If you loved Spacechem you will love this game.  Once a level loads and I see what my objective is I have to stop and think about my solution... then I build it... realize my errors and make corrections.   Seeing your solution work is very satisfying but while watching it you will probably be thinking, ""I wonder how I can optimize this."""
,Recommended,300570,32039534,Posted: 29 May,all,yugecin,"I don't think any other game gives this much satisfaction after finishing a level. Really incredible and very challenging 3d puzzle game. There's even a story behind it which I found very amusing and very well made. (+ the graphics and looks are perfect, amazing atmosphere)I bought it in summer sales at -50% and it's definitly worth it (even at full price I'd say), there are alot of puzzles (I finished the complete campaign in 69 hours) and you can make your own or download community made puzzles from the steam workshop."
,Recommended,300570,33615467,Posted: 17 July,all,V360 or something,"+ Challenging puzzles+ Good controls+ Challenging puzzles+ Good music+ Challenging puzzles+ Comedy, but also death+ Challenging puzzles+ Nice difficulty curve, so instead of feeling like an idiot after 5 minutes, you feel like an idiot after 30 minutes- I'll never finish this game9/10 pretty good"
,Recommended,300570,14154711,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Masem,"The best way to describe Infinifactory is that it is a more accessible version of Zachtronic's previous SpaceChem. It's still about using tools to assemble and disassemble block-based assemblies, but because it is in 3D, and is much easier to visualize the pathways things will take, it is much easier to grasp how to construct machines to do the various tasks.The puzzles currently included in the game are still hard - this is not a walk in the park and once you get past a half-dozen puzzles, the challenge bumps up greatly.  However, the game gently introduces new block types - with minimal instructin but obvious application, so getting your mind around these puzzles can be easily done.  And like SpaceChem, all you are trying to do is get a working solution to start, but then using the histrograms of friends and other players, try to go back and improve your scores. And as you process, you'll learn new tricks and means to tighten up and reduce production time on earlier puzzles.Add that, like Spacechem, the game includes user-made puzzle support through Steam Workshop, and this has a very long playability. The price might seem a bit high compared to Zachtronics' earlier games but it definitely has great value for that.Further, one should not be afraid of this being Early Access. Zachtronics has polished this entry to be near-final form, planning on only updates in user experience, content, and other non-essential but beneficial features to be added with Early Access feedback."
76561197979438474,Recommended,300570,17804189,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Zednaught,"Infinifactory is the best puzzle game I've ever played. It takes something truly compelling for me to spend hours, sometimes days at the end, perfecting a single puzzle, and yet I have never felt frustrated.  This is a game that truly earns the description 'engaging.'Everything that happens in this game is because you made it, and you need to have your brain firing on all cylinders to make it through. But fear not, any new players considering this game: the mechanics are easy to approach and you'll be hooked in no time.  Players who have enjoyed any other game by Zachtronics (like Spacechem or TIS-100) or who like similar games with similar mechanics (Factorio, Big Pharma,  even the city-builder games by Impressions) will absolutely love Infinifactory, but I think anyone willing to giving Infinifactory a chance will love it too.In this quick review, I'll discuss the gameplay of Infinifactory, it's aesthetics, and try to answer why I've been unable to put this game down.The gameplay is simple: from a certain point at the start of each stage, a series of inputs regularly pop out a component-usually a single box, but other times a more complex shape.  From there, the goal is to simply combine these inputs to meet at the output area, and repeat this ten times.  The player has a number of tools at their disposal, from simple conveyor belts and welders, to parts that push and destroy.  With these parts, all sorts of advanced operations may be performed- advanced techniques even allow players to build 'circuits' from these simple parts.  A later level may resemble a factory made by a mad scientist, full of pipes and blocks, with piecies whirring and whizzing by, only just avoiding disaster.Infinifactory has pleasing visuals, notable for its sturdy blocks and the orange and blue color scheme of its factory parts.  The environemnts are colorful, vidid, and distinctly not of this world. The screen shots do a better job describing what it looks like than I can, but as you can see, there are a great number pleasant and varied stages, and for the most part, there feels like a good variety of factory components, too.There is an interesting story being told, usually through voice logs and a handful of scripted sequences that set the stage for Infinifactory's otherworldly visuals. In many puzzle games, even those that do try to tell a story, the gameplay has no relation to the story. Here, there's areasonwhy you're building things- and you may not exactly be doing it of your own free will. The story's tone is quirky, with a grinning undercurrent of black humor.  There are a few twists and turns along the way that delighted me.  I found that a nicely written story like this helped ground the events and kept me interested.Puzzles in this game have a wonderful quality where the final output seems simple, yet constructing it from its individual components can be deceptively challenging.  There's a smooth difficulty curve, with tools introduced gradually and new techniques being learned organically as more challenging puzzles are introduced. By the time I'd beaten the game, I found that I could go back to puzzles that took me 90 minutes to solve and beat them in 20 minutes, with a much better score as well.At the end of each puzzle, the player is ranked according to three criteria: how fast the puzzle was, how many blocks it took to build, and how much space it took up.  I like the way that this scoring encouraged me, because it was rare that I hadn't done well in at least one category.  This system encourages different styles of play-those who (like me) enjoy sprawling, messy solutions that strive to be as fast as possible, or those who favor a more restrained, elegant design.The game comes with a capable level editor that's integrated into the Steam Workshop. Already, tons of user-made levels are available for play. In my experience, though, few have stacked up against the levels in the campaign.  Most are based around gimmicks or some other novel use of the mechanics.  Sometimes this is successful, but overall I haven't found it as satisfying. That said, I can't claim to have explored the workshop throughly, or to have attempted to create any levels of my own.The true joy in this game comes from the sense of owning each solution you make. There's no single way to solve each puzzle-there are hundreds.  After completing a particularly challenging puzzle, I've often looked up how others have solved theirs- not once has my solution resembled someone else's.I never had the feeling, like I often do with puzzle games, that I was fighting with the developer to find the 'right' way to solve the problem.  Instead, Infinifactory simply gives its players a handful of tools and asks, ""Why don't you build something interesting?""I think it's the mark of a great puzzle game that I have enjoyed my failures as much as my successes.  I have looked back at puzzles that took me hours to solve, and even though the final result was a swollen, creaky machine, I can remember all the hurdles and struggles it took for me to create my solution and think, ""Yeah, I built that."""
,Recommended,300570,14597808,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Portponky,"Zachtronics games are always good and this is no exception. An excellent build 'em up puzzler, a bit like Spacechem but far more approachable and interesting. If you buy one puzzle game this year, make it this one."
76561198093688898,Recommended,300570,27316789,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vincent Cardley,"An outstanding puzzle game by Zachtronics which poses a great danger to your free time.Your objective is to build assembly lines to build specific products for alien overlords. This gets increasingly harder as you progress through the levels, as you have to choose the right tools in the right order and with the right timing.There are many ways to solve a level, so you can build your contraptions to your liking. This gives the game a lot of replayability, because you can always optimize your solutions to be just a few cycles faster, or to be a little cheaper, or to use up less space.While later levels can get really hard, this is still a very accessible game, especially when compared to other titles by Zachtronics. If nothing else works, look up a guide. This won't spoil the fun too much, because you might learn some methods for future levels, or you could try to improve on the design.Summary:If you like puzzle games and / or building contraptions, then do yourself a favor and get this gem."
,Recommended,300570,14091327,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Thordain,"A very solid game from Zachtronics, as usual.  It's hardly fair to call this ""Early Access"".  The game appears to be feature complete and the puzzles are great.  The graphics are clean and polished, and the game runs very smoothly.  Like SpaceChem, there is a zany storyline to add some atmosphere, but it's mostly about the gameplay.As many people have pointed out, it has similarities to SpaceChem, but is very much its own concept.  The complexity of manipulating, exchanging and combining basic elements is mostly gone.  The addition of a third dimension adds a whole new challenge.  True to its name, the puzzles feel more like a factory, constructing 3D objects from various primitives.The interface is simple, but easy to use.  The game loads quickly, without any annoying splash screens or movies.  You can exit the game at pretty much any time and then resume right where you left off in seconds, with no hoops to jump through.If you loved SpaceChem, chances are you'll love this too.  If you enjoy any kind of puzzle game, and the thought of 3d manipulation doesn't seem too daunting, you really should give this a try.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,300570,14115178,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,More_Badass,"What can I say about SpaceChem that hasn't been said already? If you follow the indie scene even slightly, I'm sure you heard the ample praise and acclaim for Zachtronics' chemical puzzler. After a foray into card-game strategy with Ironclad Tactics, the developer has returned to  the world of meticulous planning and systematic construction with Infinifactory. You might have heard it described it as ""SpaceChem in 3D"", and while that's an apt description, it doesn't exactly detail what makes Infinifactory an awesome evolution of the SpaceChem formula. Infinifactory takes everything you loved about that game, on a grander scale and with new depth, wrapped up in an alien industrial aesthetic.Forget about bonding elements and creating molecules. Infinifactory leaves the microscopic world of SpaceChem behind for the world of alien engineering. The enigmatic story puts you in the shoes of a person captured and forced to build extraterrestrial constructs. Audio logs and notes allow you to gradually piece together the overarching tale, but let's be honest: you're here for the puzzles.""SpaceChem in 3D"". Introducing the third dimension adds so many tweaks and new complexities. Having to remember that items take time to fall when you're trying to sync up blocks across multiple levels. Working out how to maneuver pieces across multiple axises so that they all eventually meet. Having to build objects with height and width and depth. Getting the mess of energy conduits and welders and pushers to work and timed correctly...all without Spacechem's sync command to fall back on. On top of all that, Infinifactory has the most seamless, intuitive, user-friendly control scheme and interface I've seen in a block building game. You can effortlessly rotate and place blocks, easily create long conveyor belts or delete unwanted sections in seconds.It's the meticulous construction and pursuit of perfection and optimization you love. The hypnotic rhythm of seeing your complex sprawling mess of moving pieces and parts actually work properly after countless failures and tweaking. The challenge of learning how everything works and functions, and using that knowledge in new ways that makes you feel like a damn genius when it all comes together in the end. It's all that, in a 3D world of sky docks and armories and spaceships and missiles. Six hours in, and for me, Infinifactory has already eclipsed SpaceChem, due to the presentation and polish and the spatial depth that offers new challenges in ways that SpaceChem never could. The price may seem steep, but for the amount of polished content already here, and the content to come, it's well worth the asking price. While Infinifactory may be in Early Access, the current version is literally the 1.0 release version, with a feature-complete finished main campaign. Mini-campaigns and new blocks and mechanics will be added in future updatesIf you enjoyed SpaceChem even in the slightest, you won't be disappointed by Infinifactory. It's everything that made that game great, on a grander scale and literally with new depth."
,Recommended,300570,14071714,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,YourAssIsGrass,"Honestly, despite early access, this game is pretty fun! Youactually have to think about the most efficient way to solve a puzzle using what's given to you. I'll write a more in depth review once I finish my playthrough"
,Recommended,300570,15670847,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,kaneshado~1.exe,"For years I have watched crazy Minecraft videos of people using redstone to build microprocessors and all kinds of impressive feats of recreational engineering, but every time I tried to play I just came up blank on ideas.  Plus, if you want to build things in the context of your own game, you have to spend hours mining for the components to begin with.  I've always felt that Minecraft genius was just out of my reach.This game is the precise answer to my problem.  It gives you a problem to solve and an infinite toolkit to solve it with.  It's been a long time since I've felt absolutely gleeful playing a game.  You look at a puzzle and think ""this is literally impossible.""  Then 2 days later you'll be talking to someone and just shout ""THAT'S IT"" in their face and run away mid conversation to go home and solve it.  Every puzzle makes you feel like a moron until it makes you feel like a genius.My only suggestion to the developer would be, stop calling it Early Access!  I avoid Early Access games as a rule, I only caved this time because the consensus in the community is that it is a fully fleshed out game and calling it Early Access is mere modesty.  I have yet to come upon a single bug or crash."
,Recommended,300570,14074142,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,metadept,"Infinifactory is a perfect intersection of SpaceChem, Minecraft, and Portal. Much like SpaceChem, the puzzles require complex spatial thinking and encourage you to revisit and improve your old solutions. Despite being early access, the game feels quite polished and the puzzles get difficult just fast enough to be satisfying. Zachtronics delivers yet another amazing puzzler."
,Recommended,300570,33196870,Posted: 3 July,all,L⊃U,"It's a Zachtronics game...I mean, look at other Zachtronic titles. Their bars are pretty high, especially Shenzhen I/O and TIS-100. You need to know how to code/how to build circuits.INFINIFACTORY IS DIFFERENT. It's more approachable. You don't need to know how to code. You just build things and the function of each kind of building block is clear enough. As long as you have the ability to think, you can solve the puzzles.After playing other Zachtronic Titles: I'm so stupid and good at nothing(?)After INFINIFACTORY: I can build things? That's fantastic.The background is interesting enough and pretty funnyIf you like intellectual challenges, this is for you!"
,Recommended,300570,17050401,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,hyperglavin,"It's been a while since I last fired up Spacechem, and I'd since forgotten what it felt like to have every waking moment haunted by thoughts of process optimisation. That gnawing itch to tweak, retune, and completely rebuild every last function until I've finally  reached that one efficient, elegant, perfect solution.This game reminded me."
76561197980804400,Recommended,300570,33983113,Posted: 2 August,all,Tantalus,"I can only half recommend this game.  I fully recommend it as a puzzle game, but I can't recommend it as a physics-based puzzle game.As a puzzle game, it's got a lot going for it:  it's challenging without being too difficult (so far), it's logic-based, the controls are mostly intuitive, and it's even got sort of a story/lore with some decent humor.However, this game must take place in some alternate universe where the laws of physics aren't applied evenly, and that bugs me.  Since you're scored on how many blocks you use for your solution (with fewer blocks being better), you often have to come up with solutions to the puzzles that would not work in real life to get a good score.  For instance, if you need to make a structure that is three blocks wide, you only need to support one of those blocks with a conveyor belt, and it doesn't matter which one.  That means you could have a conveyor under the leftmost block with nothing supporting the middle or right blocks, and the whole thing will keep moving along the conveyor as though the center of mass is supported when it clearly isn't.  That diminishes the game somewhat for me, but I realize that's a personal preference and that not everybody will care about that, hence the split recommendation."
,Recommended,300570,27942961,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fortris,"Let me qualify this following statement by saying I have played a LOT of puzzle games in my lifetime, and the majority of ones I liked I completed.I can wholeheartedly say I have never felt more rewarded beating a challenge than solving even early levels in Infinifactory. This game will take you from bemused, to frustrated, to maddeningly angry (at yourself) to ELATED in the course of anywhere from ten minutes to an hour at a time. It's bewildering how you can miss easy techniques or make things unnessicarily complicated for yourself, without the puzzle itself asking you to do anything particularly challenging. The majority of times I solved puzzles I felt brilliant, followed by feeling like a moron seeing how I could have simplified my solution drastically.I cannot recommend this game more if you like puzzle games."
,Recommended,300570,14073308,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,frozenIce,"If you played puzzle games in the past you might have heard of zachtronics. They're creating fun, challenging and very polished puzzle games and Infinifactory is no exception.Although the game is labeled as ""Early access"" it plays like a full release."
,Recommended,300570,33284534,Posted: 5 July,all,Jackson of the Modern Era,"I always loved the idea of building a massive factory with conveyors, pistons, turntables, welders, and other things. I was a weird kid. But this game lets me do just that, and while it wants you to use as little parts as possible, i always build the most extravagant factory i can."
76561197986312567,Recommended,300570,22295584,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dross,"This is the greatest game I have ever played. The difficulty curve is perfect. When you first see each level, it looks impossible. As you break the problem down, you begin to see the glimmer of possibility. Finally, you solve it. A week later, you go back to it, and not only does it seem easy, you can see much more efficient ways of solving it too. The game is very long - there are tons of puzzles. Each one will shock you all over again. The interface is great. The mechanics are perfect - simple on the surface, but allowing infinite combinations."
76561198038365384,Not Recommended,300570,21199359,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Aristos M,"I loved SpaceChem. I like world exploration games and physics puzzles. I should like this game. I do not. It is hard to navigate physically. The rules for how pieces interact have some bizzare edge cases (like when a piece larger than 1 square behaves when over rollers of multiple directions, or how a pipe running next to a button causes the button to become stuck so it cannot be moved by a pusher). There's not a good debug mode to let you wander through walls or see through bricks in order to see what has become stuck deep inside a machine. All in all, this is more frustration than fun for me. Your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,300570,14400619,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SketchyGalore,"Spacechem was my favorite puzzle game of all time - Infinfactory ties it, if not beats it.The game is conceptually similar to Spacechem: You're given a goal to construct, you're given a supply of various parts, and you're tasked with making a contraption that can mass-produce the intended product. Both games share a similar creative element that makes them great. Since there is no ""right"" way to solve a puzzle, every solution you come up with feels like it's uniquely yours, and you get a massive sense of satisfaction from seeing your creation in action after a long period of head-scratching.Difficulty wise, I found it slightly easier than the previous game, but still an extremely challenging puzzler. I've heard complaints about it being too obtuse, with tutorials too hard to understand, but I found that the game had a great sense of discovery and experimentation that would have been ruined by less subtle guidance. The puzzles themselves offered some great brain-straining, though I ultimately found myself running into less frustration and fewer dead-ends than I did with Spacechem.The scoring system deserves mention for being unusual, but brilliantly designed. In addition to the obvious scoring of solutions based on how fast and efficently they complete the goal, the game also scores you on your ""footprint"". What this means is, looking on the solution from the top down, how many squares are covered by machinary or have moving parts passing over them during a run of the solution. So, ten machine parts only count as one footprint if they're all stacked on top of on another. This is different than Spacechem's scoring of how many parts (symbols) are used to make a solution. In addition to creating a different way of thinking for those looking to get the best possible score, it allows a surprising amount of creativity that would have been lost if it simply counted the parts. For example, a large assembly can easily be moved by one conveyor belt, but it looks quite strange. A floor covered in multiple conveyor belts would look better, and would have the same footprint score as the more basic solution. This even allows some artistic freedom, as you can construct roofs and other shapes above your moving parts without penalty.The game features a humorous, but very dark story of alien abduction and enslavement, most of it told through audio logs found on dead bodies, holding their last words before they died trying to solve the very puzzle you're trying to solve. They range from funny to heart-wrenching, and I found myself getting far more invested in the lore than I expected to. Cool-looking factories would have interested me enough, but instead I was making cool-looking factories at the behest of my evil alien captors and questioning just what I was making and why. Even the puzzles themselves had humor and personality, eventually making me feel like I was constructing actual products, not just assemblies of cubes. If I had one complaint, it was how the ending left me hanging. Obviously I don't want to spoil anything, and this may be the only ""Early Access"" part of the game, but it seemed like there was a LOT more story to tell after the last puzzle.Speaking of Early Access, this game is probably the most complete early access game I've ever played. I ran into absolutely no bugs or crashes, no missing or placeholder content, and a campaign that lasted me well over a dozen hours. Infinifactory could have easily been released as a finished game and I'd have no critisism about its current state. I hope for and look forward to the potential additions in its early access development, such as new parts, continuations of the story, and of course, new puzzles.I'd highly recommend Infinifactory to anyone who likes a challenging puzzle, as well as those who like creative production games like Factorio or automation-based mods for Minecraft. And of course, for people who liked Spacechem, I would call this a 100% must buy."
,Recommended,300570,14242298,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Disodium,"Do you...Enjoy doing something 'constructive'?Like a good puzzle game?Appreciate space.. and aliens.. and spaceships.. and alien technology?Savor the flavor of food pellets?Excel at serving alien overlords?If you answered Yes to one or more of these questions then Infinifactory might be the game for you!Infinifactory is a 3D block puzzle game where you are given some 'part' blocks, and you must assemble the parts to appear like the final required product to progress through the levels.Use Conveyor belts, Pushers, Sensors and Welder plus much more to assemble a mass production machine to create the required goods demanded of you by your alien overlords.Simple controls, easy to play and understand early on but challenging as you progress and are required to assemble more advanced devices / technology.I was hesitant at the price at first, and revisted the game a number of time, but after playing it, I thoroughly enjoy it and would encourage others on the fence to take the dive, the game plays well, and is enjoyable but frustrating at the same time, which is a good thing when it comes to puzzle games."
,Recommended,300570,22973802,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Blargedy,"Infinifactory is the best puzzle game I have ever played, bar none. Period. In my opinion, a good puzzle needs to meet three conditions:1. It must require hard thinking to solve2. It must not be frustrating when no immediate solution can be found3. it must make you feel smart when a solution IS found.The first point is pretty obvious, since most people play puzzle games  in order to think. point 2 is the reason I don't like puzzles as a genre; almost all puzzles can only be solved in one exact way, and if I am not thinking in the super unorthodox and particular way the author deems to be correct, I cannot solve it, and that is frustrating to me. Point 3 is the most important. I can accept some frustration if I end up feeling good when I finallly solve the puzzle. However, again almost all puzzles I have tried make me feel like an idiot for not seeing the solution quicker, when in fact the solution was by design arbitrary and for the lack of a better word, ""stupid"".Enter Infinifactory. 1. Infinifactory is hard! I have sat at a single puzzle for literally 3 hours scratching my head trying different solutions only to be foiled by something. It requires three-dimensional visualization and thinking. It requires both hard thinking and creativity in order to solve.2. The aforementioned puzzle I tried for 3 hours didn't feel like 3 hours. I decided to play the game for 20 minutes one night before bed, and 3 hours later I realize it has not been 20 minutes. I then continued for another 3 hours (I didn't need sleep *cough*). Infinifactory lets you constantly make progress towards a solution, even when I largely have to start over and delete what I did. It does this by naturally building off of previously done things, and requiring you to combine many small solutions into a coherent whole.Finally, 3. Infinifactory makes me feel like a ****ing mastermind mechanical engineer and PhD in quantuum mechanics that just solved nuclear fusion when a factory I built works and works beautifully. I have  never rage quit this game once, since even failing is fun. Seeing the factory being built as it becomes more and more complex is satisfying and inheritantly lets you want to continue and not get frustrated. I would recommend this at 5x the price.TL;DR: It is fun to struggle to a solution even when it takes hours to get there."
76561198052198679,Recommended,300570,31264527,Posted: 20 April,all,DSR | Amadeus,One of the best puzzle games I've played. Really challenging and great replay value.
,Recommended,300570,14079700,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BrickOnKeyboard,"The moment I fired up the game, I was impressed by the graphics.  It's not a AAA game, but it has a crisp, clean look to everything.  It looks amazing.  Then I started the gameplay - it's rock solid.  I've played about 1/4 of the puzzles in a 4 hour binge on the game - it reminds me of spacechem but it's got completely different pieces and rules/limitations.  It also has the humor of Spacechem - when you are reviewed by your alien overlords, and they give you some food pellets and some kind of reward it's epic in it's own way.If you liked Spacechem or modded industrial Minecraft, you'll love this game.  You'll also like it if you enjoyed Factorio.  I'd say this game is more challenging than Factorio because the puzzles are more constrained.I don't know why this game is listed as early access - the day 1 release version is rock solid.  It would be perfectly acceptable as a full retail release.  So far, the only negative is that for some inexplicable reason you can only put 6 blocks in the hotbar instead of using all 10 keyboard keys - I suspect the developers will be fixing this promptly, I just wonder how they ended up with this limitation in the first place."
,Recommended,300570,26936021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HoChiWaWa,"So you played SpaceChem and you were like ""this is great, but its so hard, if I just had a third dimension this would be so much easier.""Well now you have a third dimension, and surprise, its really not that much easier... but it is a hell of a lot of fun.If you've ever enjoyed one of these programming style games then you should probably give this one a shot because its one of the best."
,Recommended,300570,30780392,Posted: 27 March,all,BlankDiploma,"I'm sorry, I can't bear seeing this game with a ""Mixed"" recent review.Ignore the barely-literate negative reviews. This game is spectactular. It's the best puzzle game I've ever played in my life, although perhaps it's more accurate to call it an ""Engineering"" game instead. Stages are open-ended tasks using a few simple block types, and you're scored on how well your solution performs across a number of categories.If you have the slightest interest in automation or problem-solving games, you should definitely pick this up. Enormous amount of value for the price.Just don't be confused by the superficial similarities to Minecraft."
,Recommended,300570,15507732,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Entity,"This game is, like SpaceChem, a very solid, polished title with interesting puzzles and plenty of replay value.Also like SpaceChem, it is highly addictive.If spending 6 hours to shave 1 cycle off a solution for one of the puzzles just to beat the other guy on the highscore list sounds awesome to you, get this game."
,Recommended,300570,16383551,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jp,"SpaceChem meets Minecraft. And not the bad parts of Minecraft, this is like the platonic ideal of what Minecraft's redstone/pistons/other mechanics could have been like.You build factories that move blocks around and weld them together and stuff. You have to produce certain block output given certain block input. Like SpaceChem, all the game mechanics are lies and it's actually programming. Has some nice atmosphere, too - vaguely like Portal."
,Recommended,300570,24469146,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mean Meme Cream Machine,"I can tell you, even without knowing you: This game is smarter than you. I don't mean this to insult your inteligence: This game is smarter than the majority of the human population, including me. If you have time off from comprehensably proving string theory correct and you spent your high school days searching for the Higgs Boson, I can wholeheartedly recommend this title. Otherwise, prepare to have your brain burned to a crisp in front of you."
,Recommended,300570,29590171,Posted: 30 January,all,Scrooge McDuck Jr,"I like what i refer to as logistics games, and i gain immense satisfaction watching all the little bits working together as a whole. This is a puzzle game, but there aren't set solutions but numerous ways to achieve success.You take various machine parts and put them together in a minecraft style world.You have an input and an output and most puzzles require assembling things and sending them off.I have unlocked all the puzzles and completed many of them but some i am still struggliing with a solution for, this is one of those games that you think about whilst doing something else, only to return later with renewed vigor to solve the puzzle you were stuck on."
,Recommended,300570,14720515,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DrMustard,Zachtronics is simply the best in puzzle gaming. Full stop.
,Recommended,300570,17334374,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Arvinman,"Trust me, I'm an engineer."
76561197990548443,Recommended,300570,32520576,Posted: 17 June,all,Ahksar,"Enjoy building machines and watching them go?Have fun solving puzzles and hearing recordings of the poor souls that lie dead near said puzzles?Infinifactory has you covered! Its an enjoyable game with some very challenging stages that have tons of different solutions to each puzzle, allowing you to test your creative and problem solving skills."
,Recommended,300570,14074682,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DaVici,"The game exhibits very much the mindbending, puzzly ways one has come to expect from the creator of Spacechem and Codex. In response to some complaints about difficulty in previous games, the introduction to gameplay elements has taken steps forward to welcome new players. The tangibility of the 3d world also makes for a different kind of approach than Zachtronics previous 2d puzzlers.Zachtronics provides very good support and will provide additions as time goes on.Play this game!"
76561198007566200,Recommended,300570,14712336,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,wolf,"It's hard to describe...You dont' know the game Space Chem? Infinifactory is an animated 3D puzzle with simple controls and addicting game play :)You  have parts and you have a target how to combine them. Find a solution how to comibe, with several tools...You know the game Space Chem? This is even better: a third dimension, more space to build, easy way to move around and build, more possibilities to solve... Altough it's hard to compare with Space Chem.... sometimes it feels like a Space Chem 2.0, but sometimes it feels just like a great game... just try it :)After having played the ""tutorial"" levels I really enjoyed building the things that are the target, this is really well done,After a few levels you get a new tool, you use it, afterwards you think about how to use it in another way.... and there are may possibilities how to use it.Yes, I watched several solution-videos on youtube to get other ideas ;)Now I'm playing all the puzzles the second time and it's great to see that most of the levels have a better performance now that I know about the game mechanics betterAs for Early Access:this game is more complete than some other ""official released"" games I played. I did not see any bugs so far. And the price? It's worth it.I sent mails to the developer with feedback and ideas and within 3 days I got an answer. A very good answer. And I really felt great when some of the improvements where realised in the next update. Of course I wasn't the first to tell the developer some ideas but they really answered my mail and each single question I had. That's really great :)Please give me more levels... I really want to try to beat them and build more assemblies..."
,Recommended,300570,14073917,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,tannerd,"So far, so good. Definite spacechem vibe, the puzzles have the same kind of feel to them. More humour than I remember spacechem having though - reminds me of portal a little in that regard."
,Recommended,300570,26023721,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,thatericguy,"If you finish every level, you qualify for an honorary associate's degree in mechanical engineering from Florida State University"
,Recommended,300570,31641607,Posted: 9 May,all,MEGATURBOZGEG,"Great learning curve, easy at the beggining yet really challenging afterwards. Graphics and mechanisms are great. I don't see any real cons. This game worths its price imo, one of my favourite puzzle game."
76561198077172903,Recommended,300570,15231874,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,YouGotBrained,"Zachtronics has taken an engineering simulator and disguised it as a puzzle game. You start off building simple constructions and transporting from point A to point B. Before long you're constructing separate sub-assemblies simultaneously and piping them to various juntions to be fitted together in a vast labyrinth of conveyor belts, power conduits, welders and blocks, then when you finally step back and look at your masterpiece, you wonder how the heck you got it all to work. The game also has tremendous replayability, challenging you to craft more efficient designs; a smaller overall system footprint and seamless manufacturing processes. You can compare your design efficiency with the general public and with your individual friends. If you're the patient, problem-solving type that loves to think outside of the box, this game is a real treat. I've had many a laugh testing out a system that I nearly perfected, watching my creation come together, only to have the boxes piling up at input 3 simply because I forgot to wire one of the pistons."
,Recommended,300570,14704555,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Slpk,This guy knows how to make puzzle. God damn...
,Recommended,300570,14072011,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Frog,"Great game so far, very much SpaceChem in 3D except even better."
,Recommended,300570,15704449,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,JackFred,"Infinifactory is a brilliant puzzle game where you build factories to make outputs from a selection of inputs. Worth the cost, even in it's early access state, and definitely worth a sequel."
,Recommended,300570,14955843,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,JohnAnthony77,While I am not the normal fan of this game I still love it deeply. I am not that much of a perfectionist so I do not attempt to get perfect cycles but even so the game is a great puzzle game for anyone.
76561198008324896,Recommended,300570,17095751,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,cassiusclay,"It's been very long now since a game stuck me in front of the computer like this one. Once into thinking for a solution regarding the given problem and trying out various methods to get to the goal, I almost forgot how time flew by and hours were gone as if it were minutes. Great and very addictive puzzle-game, I can only recommend it, if you like games like SpaceChem (although SpaceChem is a little bit more complex) you can buy without a doubt."
76561198156979157,Recommended,300570,26720347,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,saber154,"this game is really difficult and makes you think about evry way to solve it just to make you look back in retrospect and say ""huh so the answer was right in my face the whole time!"" all in all a great game with excelent dificulty."
,Recommended,300570,16836650,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FroBodine,"This is a very, very cool and fun 3D puzzle game. We need more players because the high score list only seems to compare your score to your friends scores, not the entire world. I hope they improve this part of it. It's always fun to compare scores with others.So far, this looks like an easy winner of a game. It really is like a cross between Portal 2 and Space Engineers. Great stuff.  The puzzles are already a bit challenging to me, and I'm only on the third puzzle.  I will be spending a lot of enjoyable time with this game."
,Recommended,300570,14763787,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,A Cat in A Box,"I must point out, if you don't enjoy difficult problems and solving those problems, this game probably isn't for you.  It's not instant gratification, it's grueling visualization and planning, only to watch your brilliant idea fail miserably and need many revisions and modifications before even working correctly, and then further modifications to actually optimize a build.Still, it's not nearly as difficult as making a real assembly line, but that's basically what this game is, assembly line simulator.That's not why I am giving this game my recommendation though.  While it is a great assembly line simulator, it goes above and beyond that in thoughtful design and detail.  It could have easily been a game that was purely solving puzzles, but they instead opted to include a story line, one with many subtle implications, both dark, terrifying and humorous.  These story parts are sparsely distributed between small cutscene like performance reviews by terrifying and confusing aliens, and other dead humans that came before you.Probably the most intriguing thought that came to mind for me was after the story picked up a little, and after thinking for a bit on how the ones before you dealt with their predicament...  I thought it was funny how many of them saw their prison as horrible torture, and how the charcater you play is obviously some sort of engineer.. I had a good laugh at the idea that it was torture for everyone but an engineer, who must surely find it to be the greatest thing to ever happen...No intrusive troglodytes to obstruct your work, no bosses that don't understand engineering, no stupid monetary constraints.  Just you, the problem, and the machine.  An Engineer's wet dream really...  Also abducted by a giant Alien mega-empire...  Just to stroke the Sci-fi fanboy deep down inside every engineer.I love these little touches, it brings the game to life in a way that a menu and empty room never could.  And the game could have easily been just menus and bland puzzle rooms, but instead you are transported to various alien worlds...  You see the failed attempts of those that came before you, and you listen to the intriguing storyline that plays out as you play the game.  It gives reason to the puzzles, and that makes all the difference.All that being said, it is a fairly difficult game.  I don't think I've played a game before that required this much cognitive excersize in order to advance...  You really have to be able to see the machine working, step by step, in your mind, long before you place the blocks...For me personally, that's one of my greatest joys of being a sentient being.  I love using my imagination to create working devices, and I especially love it when I finally manage to bring it into the game world, and it works perfectly...  Brings a tear to my eye...So if you're up to the task, pick up this little gem and see if you can get a better cycle score than me...  Just remember, I pretty much start all the puzzles now by switching input to max and working it out from there first, and taking away input as needed.  I've noticed it actually doesn't make much of a difference, and in many cases makes it much easier, to just do max input.  It's a bit overwhelming at first, but all the same rules apply, just with a much smaller range of error...  But often times I can make it work with very few sensors and a few well placed conveyor belts...  Definitely much easier when you're thinking about the whole thing moving and going at the same time...Also it's quite deceptive... You'll get most of the way through a problem, switch the machine on, and realize that every 7th manufactured part causes the whole assembly line to back up because one block moved into the right place at the wrong time....So... be ready for ragequit."
,Recommended,300570,16887038,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Concrete,I enjoyed Spacechem for a few hours but I LOVE Infinifactory. I love large spacial puzzles like portal 2 and wiring in Mincraft was quite interested me but limited in many ways. This takes what I love about both and SpaceChem and puts it into one Perfect package.7 hours in and I am most likely half way through or less. They are getting harder and take more time. Also finishing the main game gives access to the workshop levels. Also when you get to level about fixing a ship you need to know about the new blocker block that makes the level much easier.
,Recommended,300570,19301803,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,graddy,Incredibly rewarding. The buzz you get when you get a new idea to get to the next step in the puzzle. The frustration when you realize your implementation needs some major tweaking. Repeat the cycle (hah!) until you finally have it all come together.And you built EVERYTHING.
,Recommended,300570,22838428,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Blue Space Communist,Mind-rendingly meticulous and yet satisfying all at the same time.
,Recommended,300570,14096974,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Drill8bit,"Holy cow.I am usually not one for buying ANYTHING. Let alone indie titles. However, my love for puzzles and more importantly escalators pushed me over the line.I now understand why it has 100% positive reviews.IT'S AMAZING. Only played 0.6 hours and already hella impressed. This isn't a early access game but a polished gem! Worth every god-damn penny.Just buy itDo it pls"
,Recommended,300570,33715602,Posted: 22 July,all,Kales,"Who are your mysterious alien overlords, what do they have you building?!  I bought this game a while ago but never quite got around to playing it.. it's actually pretty fun.  Like all Zachtronics games I love the (morsels of) mysterious story that unfolds as you progress.. and the puzzles do increase in complexity / fun if you stick with it.  The beginning was a little boring at first and I had my doubts.. but I'd recommend this game.  The real fun is in insane solutions, stacking push blocks upon push blocks, having sections of the machine slide out or drop off, anything goes!"
76561197970800364,Recommended,300570,26476629,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Creep,"A quasi-sequel to SpaceChem. It's a lot more accessible than it's predecessor, but that doesn't make it easy by any means. VERY satisfying to actually solve puzzles.Caution: May melt your brain."
,Recommended,300570,34102261,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Narrator,SpaceChem in 3D.
76561198069522414,Recommended,300570,30233419,Posted: 27 February,all,Ov Åeons,"This game is all about visual factory logistics using an inventory of blocks that you use to manipulate the materials given to you. You use these materials in wild manners to construct some pretty intense mini assembly lines.Learning curve is really gradual. You slowly work up to the really difficult puzzles in good pace. UI/controls/building is really easy. Very similar to some factory minecraft mods in a way, just much more complicated in function :D I feel that vive/vr support could make this game even more interesting too.There is A LOT of content if you want to finish all puzzles possible with a lot of room to optimize where you wish with what you learn in later campaigns.So if you like visual puzzles in which you interact in a FPS manner this is one of THE best games for it.GET IT! :D"
,Recommended,300570,17069059,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,gilburtgtr,"This game is one of the best 3D puzzle games I have played since Portal. It's simple and great fun, especially in the ability to compare your efficiency stats against the rest of the world. If you're engineering-minded at all I can't recommend it highly enough. It even includes a mildy amusing (if pointless) story too! Great fun, and still being actively added to by a rather amiable developer. The latest campaign gets really challenging too!Nice to see the Early Access program working properly every once in a while."
,Recommended,300570,17230367,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AA | Adobe Wall Hacks,"This is probably my #1 puzzle game of all time, and was very suprised when I realized I havent written a review for this game. Anyway, there is a very good reason this game is #1 for me, and its that this game realizes people are different, and think different. Because of this core theological stasis that relies in this game. There are so many ways to do the most minute of processes, and sometimes, you can get crazy overboard an make crazy factories. But its even more extreme when the thing you took the whole room the game gave you, you see someone else do it in 2/10ths the space. But then you go back to your giant factory and see it working, and remember you made it. And this repeating satisfaction factor makes you never lose fuel on this game. Its fun until the end. (If your smarter than me and can get there ;_;) The logic is pristine, being thoughtful of every possibility, and this gives crazy smart people the ability to go wild. This game is amazingly string pulling for the whole spectrum of intelegence. A lazy person could have fun, trying to make and improve the easiest way to do something.In short, this game is near perfect, made amazingly by great developers.Infinifactory is to Puzzle as SMB is to Platformer."
,Recommended,300570,26760718,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peregrine,A gem of gems. A puzzle game above and beyond. Incomparable if you are looking for a truly challenging and unique experience.
76561198002866898,Recommended,300570,15691485,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,xfir01,This is an awesome puzzle game that will keep you coming back for more.If you liked spec chem you will love this.Obey.
,Recommended,300570,16376642,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,torgen,"Another ""write programs in this weird physical programming language"" game. Generally good, although in some of the later levels you may be frustrated to find you have to waste material, as extracting it efficently generates more than you can use."
76561198076496018,Recommended,300570,29642385,Posted: 1 February,all,Vecera,Needs a rewind button BIGLY
,Recommended,300570,14073335,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Eppy37,"It's like Spachem, only it's in 3D, and with very challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,300570,16582183,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bitmat,"A fantastic follow-up to the brilliant Space-Chem, I find the process of playing this game very similar to programming.  It's all about breaking down problems into smaller components that can be composed to generate a solution. Very rewarding to see a finished solution working."
76561198009314206,Recommended,300570,24261689,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,parks.85,"One of the best 3D puzzle games I have every played. Trying to figure out how to solve some of the more complex puzzles can be mind blowing, but the feeling that sucess brings make all those hours worth it."
,Recommended,300570,33102451,Posted: 1 July,all,exch,"Great puzzles! Most of them are doable relatively quickly, but you then get to optimize them to your heart's content. 35 hours  in and I only now finished the Overlord campaign. The rest has yet to be played. Fun!"
,Recommended,300570,32821913,Posted: 26 June,all,Warped Realities,This is an engaging and increasingly difficult puzzle game. The best part of it though is watching your creation in action. Each solution will be some form of assembly line and watching it operating is mesmerizing and more importantly satisfying as that chain of operations is something you built. Even if it's messy it's yours.
76561198104809258,Recommended,300570,25047611,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,A Jolly Wanker,"This Is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played.There, I said it, whew that feels good to have that off my chest.Zachtronics really knows how to make a good game. You will be incredibly frustrated in places after thinking ""this should be easy enough"" before reasising that you will need an IQ similar to that of a Steven Hawking-Albert Einstein hybrid to complete this game.Now don't get me wrong this game is hard, I spent most of the time feeling like my brain cells were being blasted my microwaves. But that just increaces the reward from finishing a really dificult puzzle.To all those who are looking for a puzzle game they can sink hours into all the while thinking your brain is going to explode, this is the game for you because it isrewarding"
,Recommended,300570,16881742,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,lrsj,"Excellent game, been a fan since Early Access.From the creators of another favorite, SpaceChem, Infinifactory combines the ideas of ""programming"" like redstone in Minecraft with a goal-directed production system, while still giving you plenty of freedom and sandboxes to explore.Finished the core game but haven't played through all the mini-campaigns. Lots of new challenges, variety, and even humor along the way. 10/10."
76561198019291949,Recommended,300570,29876373,Posted: 12 February,all,Vandell,"You feel like you're not only solving a puzzle but more than that, you're building stuff! And building stuff is so cool.Each stage presents itself as a completely new challenge that when you solve it you'll feel like you got a little bit smarter. It was the first 3D puzzle that I've played that I was actually actually needing to think in three dimensions and taking time and order into consideration, trial and error will not take you any far.Play it!"
76561197974698024,Recommended,300570,16887859,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,jediguy85,"This game is a lot of fun. I have been playing it since I bought it this afternoon and can recommend it. The game introduces new elements in a fun and interesting way and has a good learning curve. Perfect for those who like to sit and figure out the best way to complete a task. The game has some replayability as well, as you can go back and try and make your designs more efficient and faster. All in all a great game to spend time with."
,Recommended,300570,14843453,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,gecimen,"If you loved SpaceChem, you will love this as well. And no, it's a whole different game even if some of the mechanics tend to remind it.Note: If you're into Zachtronics games, make sure to give a shot to Ironclads as well. It's a great game, don't mind the reviews."
,Recommended,300570,28672002,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,"SpaceChem in 3D with less chem and more space. Also some kind of ""Portal humor"" included. Just have to buy it!"
76561198040382768,Recommended,300570,29721382,Posted: 5 February,all,SystemBD,"The perfect game to explain/teach the principles of classic programming... and have fun while learning them. If it were not for some ""mature"" elements in the story, I would recommend to include it into junior/middle school curricula.Ah! And remember that you can use the Z key to undo actions (and Y to redo them)."
,Recommended,300570,14091107,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tacroy,"There's a Stanley Parable joke in the first five minutes. 10/8.After thinking of ways to solve one of the earlier problems and playing around with things a bit, I realized that I was considering creating a factory capable of introspection and self-modification - essentially, a factory that would think about itself and then change the way it thinks in order to change the way it thinks.This isn't just SpaceChem in 3D; this is, in a lot of ways, the purest expression of what those computer science guys are talking about when they speak in hushed tones of the Church-Turing hypothesis or the simple elegance of homoiconicity"
,Recommended,300570,23276913,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,leo3065,"I saw many people said that Infinifactory is like Spacechem in 3D, so here is my opinon.The goal of every level is quite the same with Spacechem, in which you take the input, and produce the output. However, a big different between them is the extra dimension: it gives more freedom for arranging your factory, but also open up many possibility of verious kind of chellange. And like Spacechem, it also have ""Test zone"", kinda like Sandbox in Spacechem, where you can build whatever you can as long as it can fit in :)Overall, I recommand this game. If you enjoy Spacechem, other Zachtronic's game or somthing similar, you will also love this game."
76561197985536136,Recommended,300570,32674424,Posted: 23 June,all,Typhus,Kinda like SpaceChem but in 3d with blocks and you build stuff
,Recommended,300570,14086203,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,OdatNurd,"As the game information says, ""LIKE SPACECHEM… IN 3D!"" (from looking at current reviews, looks like it's mandatory to point that out).TL;DR - If the idea of the game interests you (and/or you're a SpaceChem fan), you're going to love this thing to death.Although the game is (as of this writing) Early Access, it's not EA in the usual sense. Zachotronics has mentioned that this is actually what they would normally have released as a first full version, but they decided to go the Early Access route so that they can take player feedback to fix any critical issues that crop up post-release. A prime example is the game not having view inversion support for the mouse on launch but being added just hours later.The production ready quality really comes across in the game. Except for the button to record your solution (as you could in SpaceChem) being disabled and marked as ""Soon"", the game does not come across as a work in progress at all. Everything works fluidly and smoothly, and looks great (or as great as something in this visual style CAN look, at any rate). No blocky minecraft textures here. It's simplistic, but somehow exactly what a game of this nature needs.There are a couple of minor issues with the controls currently. You can't scroll through the hotbar with the mouse wheel, and the number of slots is not big enough, but these are apt to be coming in a very near update.[EDIT: The day after release, an update was pushed that makes the hotbar bigger, although you still can't scroll through it with the mouse wheel (yet)]Gameplay wise, the game is (as mentioned) similar to SpaceChem, with the exception that instead of programming a reactor with constantly moving Waldoes, the inputs come out at set intervals and you must use a connected sequence of things like conveyor belts, welders, sensors and so on to shuffle things around and attach them as appropriate. The different elements are introduced slowly before being combined to help you come to grips with how to use everything. I would say that in this regard the pacing is spot on.There is a built in level editor, although there is no access to it until you finish the main campaign. Steam workshop support allows you to share your levels with others, which is a great thing for the longevity of the game. Only a day after the initial release, new levels are already showing up in the workshop.The back story of the game is handled well, and the setup for the story as a whole (being abducted by aliens so that you can build factories for them) is used as the setup to  explain the core mechanics of the game, which works very well. The initial levels start with simple puzzles to get you used to the concepts needed before starting to get dastardly. As mentioned, the pacing seems to be spot on (thus far).With this being an EA (for now) title, there is a small survey at the end of each puzzle regarding whether it was fun to solve and how hard it was, allowing for them to tune things if needed.I leave you with this: after initial training, you get dumped into a cell and are provided with some food pellets to munch on while you ponder your next move."
,Recommended,300570,14084035,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,bonds0097,"Fantastic. Like Spacechem in 3D, which adds its own complexities and depth to puzzles. There's definitely more going on than in Spacechem. I'm really enjoying the puzzles and tweaking my setups in order to optimize my process ever so slightly. The controls are very intuitive and work well for the game. Also, inverted mouse look was immediately patched in for that guy who complained about it being missing."
,Recommended,300570,17531606,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,acc355deny,"Many people compare Infinifactory with Spacechem, here's my opinion:The goal of the game is to take input, make output, same concept as Spacechem, but in 3D and more graphical.The ability to change input rate and build in a large space gives it more freedom.The main campaign puzzles are easier, difficulty comes when trying to optimize them.Overall, it's a satisfying puzzle game."
,Recommended,300570,16744584,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Spooker107,"Let me just put this straight: This game is absolutely amazing. Despite the Early Access tag, it feels fully fleshed out, I have not yet found a single flaw or bug and I've been enjoying Infinifactory with every new puzzle being thrown at me.You get a few blocks as inputs, you rotate them, stamp them, weld them and do other stuff to get the required output. When you get 10 outputs, you complete the puzzle. It sounds simple, but as the later levels introduce new mechanics, blocks and other stuff, the game becomes a thousand times harder, but in a challenging way. You try your best to solve the puzzle, you fail, you modify your design, fail again, try to change things up and voila! It works! And it's extremely satisfying to see your contraption work flawlessly after you're done. I found myself looking at every single block in my factories for at least a few minutes before moving on to the next puzzle. What I absolutely love doing is just randomly picking one block and looking at where it'll end up in the finished object.From the start of the game to about its half, I went through each puzzle in about 15-25 minutes, so it wasn't hard. Right now I'm at the last few puzzles, and I just can't solve them! I manage to solve one a day, and even then I realise that there must be a better solution! It drives you to improve, optimize your factory and just look at the mechanisms doing their work, slowly combining little bits and pieces into one cool-looking object.There was one time when I built the complete factory for a puzzle, then I see the very first finished 'instance' of the output making its way to the finish line, and then suddenly the game yells at me. It says that I have a hole in my object that shouldn't be there! I look at the object that arrived, I look at the needed output... and then I realise that it's true. I made such an easy way of solving the puzzle at the start, then I just had to add a few small pieces and ship it to the output point, and now I have to come to the very beginning of my solution to try and change it to fit what is required, and I have no clue how to do that. I spent approximately 15-20 minutes just trying to fix the flaw in my existing design, but it was really satisfying to see it work in the end, and have another 'puzzle completed' tick in the menu.80% of people have already stopped reading this, but I'd like to add just one more thing. Since I'm a person which absolutely loves sandbox games, unlocking the Level Editor after completing a bit more than half of the game was a ""♥♥♥♥ YEAH!"" moment for me. I instantly jumped in and saw that there were two options: ""Simple"" and ""Advanced."" I went for Simple first, it gave me an open hangar and a few blocks to build my puzzle with. I built something, solved it to be able to upload it to the Workshop and then uploaded it. However, there were barely any blocks from the full game that I could place down, and the space in the hangar was still limited. I wished I could build in other environments from the game and add features that you come across in certain levels but never do again. I became really sad, and I was going to find a suggestion thread for the game to ask to improve the Level Editor by adding more stuff into it. However, I completely forgot about the ""Advanced"" mode of the editor. After I quit my custom puzzle, I glanced at the menu, saw it and remembered that there was another mode! I hastily clicked on it and what I saw completely blew my mind! It was a genuine Level Editor, it had all the different environments from the game, EVERY single block type, EVERY feature that the game had and slightly modified and expanded puzzle options! It felt more like a genuine developer editor than a small thing for players to build their own puzzles with. There were special blocks like invisible conveyors, invisible blocks, level borders, a starting position block, the map origin and so on and so forth.  In the block menu, all the blocks are labeled with text instead of icons, that's because there are hundreds of available blocks. At first it's a bit hard to navigate, but after you get used to it, you start finding all the blocks you need in no time. Granted, this kind of editor would not suit every single player, and it's good that Zach seperated the two editors, but for players like me, which are really into game design and understand how developers actually make their game, it was really easy to get used to and I'm really glad that it's possible to create the same environments as the actual game instead of sitting in the same hangar with the same blocks and very limited options available to you.Overall, the game is amazing, if you like puzzles, buy it right now. You get your money's worth completely, if not more than what you've actually payed for. The game is interesting, it has a very good difficulty curve and is worth playing until the very end. Now, the game was developed by a single person, and seeing how great and flawless everything in the game is, it's more than a huge achievement for the developer, Zach. I'd say that puzzle-lovers should definitely buy the game even in Early Access because it's as good as the consumer version would be. It's great."
76561198095455634,Recommended,300570,32779567,Posted: 25 June,all,Husky306,A game for people who love thinking and finding elegant solutions. Extremely interesting puzzles. Conveyor verson of Portal 2. With much more challenging tasks. Love it!
,Recommended,300570,17094410,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Veggie,"It is well worth the $24.99 that it's asking for. It is a challenge at first, but when you get the hang of it, it's pretty easy and fun."
,Recommended,300570,16834431,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,sNaKe (karma),Spacechem in 3 glorious dimensions.
,Recommended,300570,16734949,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,IceCubeNinja,I don't usually post reviews of games but this situation merits my input.It's hard to recommend a game of this nature without taking into account the state of Steam's Early Access program. I've purchased a large number of lemons and found only a few gems. Of those gems only a small handful make it through to final release. It's very much a buyer beware market at the moment.That being said Infinifactory is worth every dime. It's given me more than 20 hours and I'm not finished completely. The puzzles in this game are unrivaled by any game produced in recent memory. It feels full featured and well polished. You will struggle but almost cheer at your monitor on completion of the later levels.Other games should take note of how well they implement complex mechanics and logic.All of that is without noting the story of this game. While it isn't my cup of tea you can see the effort put in by the developers to make a mildy amusing story arc to pair with a game whose main focus is the factory building. They give you a humorously dark narrative that I've yet to complete. The voice acting is about par for the course and not terribly noteworthy but adds a much needed bridge in this genre from the levels and plots.Everything considered this is a fantastic game and if you have any interest you would be a fool not to give it a try.
,Recommended,300570,32477984,Posted: 16 June,all,bboy2812,I made a floating factory where nothing touches the ground. Doing this makes it so that you can move around modules if your factory to parts where they are needed. I have literally ONE welding module and TWO movement modules that move the blocks to where they need to go.10/10 would not make floating factory again too hard
,Recommended,300570,19898645,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Army of None,"My favorite puzzle game of the year, perhaps ever. Wonderful, clever mechanics, interesting theming, and you feel like both the smartest individual in the world and the dumbest individual in the world, alternatingly. Even better now with so much extra content added since launch, and infinite community generated puzzles on top of that (Although they likely won't be as razor-sharp design as the ones by the developer, some are still quite solid.) Absolutely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,300570,18254280,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,npinsker,"This game is basically a 3-dimensional version of SpaceChem, where you have to construct large factories of conveyor belts and welders to build objects (like chairs) out of cubes. A lot of the annoying parts of SpaceChem have been stripped out -- the controls are much smoother now, and the silly interface of arrows and reactors is completely gone. If you like engineering games or the concept of SpaceChem, even if you didn't like SpaceChem, you'd enjoy this one.The game does a great job building in complexity over time. A few levels feel like you're just doing the same thing over again, but I was impressed with how many levels presented a new concept, given the simplicity of what you're doing. Nor did anything get too hard, too fast; each new element added had tons of use cases, and each puzzle usually explored one of these use cases to the fullest possible extent. I felt like an expert at the end of the game, and levels that had taken me a while initially turned out to be really easy when I went back to them.After a while, there's seemingly not much that can be added to the game other than asking you to build ever greater and more complex structures out of the cubes you're given. Thankfully, the game stops just short of getting boring, then gives you a lot of new toys to play with (via the DLC) and a bunch of difficult puzzles, then gracefully bows out. It's free, so it feels like a warm ""Thank you so much for playing -- play these if you still want stuff to do"". The DLC feels pretty tedious (especially the laser levels), but even that's something I might appreciate in a few months if I ever want to play again.The achievements are exactly how achievements should be -- not too annoying, but requiring you to play a little bit creatively to get. The game took me about 12 hours to beat, but it was so much fun and I'm honestly glad it didn't drag on longer than it should have. Even if the main game doesn't scratch your engineering itch, there's like 20 more hours of extra content."
,Recommended,300570,22564575,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mistereo,"Infinifactory probably is the greatest (and hardest) Puzzle Game ive played so far !The levels get really challenging , really fast but theres always a simple solution , and theresthe fastest , the smallest , the ""best"" sollution , so even your competetive spirits can get theirsatisfaction!There are quite a few levels already in the game , but if that isnt enough , theres the workshopwith quite a few awesome community created levels , and if you want to create your own levels,theres an easy to use ingame editor !"
,Recommended,300570,17791958,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Zorac,"Another sublime ""programming"" game from the mad genius who brought us SpaceChem. This time you've been kidnapped by the alien overlords who have set you to building them factories.Basically, you get given one or more ""inputs"" (usually single blocks of different types) and (usually) one ""output"" that's built from those blocks. You have to build a production line out of conveyer belts, welders, pistons, sensors, etc that can repeatedly turn the ipnuts into the outputs. All this is done in a Minecraft-like world of cubes (and the guy who created this game also created Infiniminer, which was a major inspiration for Minecraft).Once you've solved the puzzle, you get three little graphs that show you how your solution compares to the solutions of all the other players in terms of how quickly it produces the required output, how many blocks you used, and how much space it took up. Then (if you're like me) comes the fun part: optimize, optimize, optimize, and try to get the best possible score in each of the metrics (most likely with three different solutions). The great thing about the graphs is that because nobody can see anyone else's scores, there's no real incentive for anyone to cheat, and because it doesn't show exact scores, You can aim for the slightly softer target of the top score bracket rather than being tormeted byt that one guy who has an insanely good score...My new favourite pure puzzle game."
,Recommended,300570,17976775,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Heavy_Z,"It may be the best 3D spacial puzzle game ever made.  I am a big fan of puzzle games, and this is the first game that has captured I had as a child solving 3-D block puzzles."
76561197972342084,Recommended,300570,17276175,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sirveri,"The game is quite a lot of fun. Zachtronics has significant experience making puzzle games and it shows. The game difficulty ramps up smoothly, adding just enough new tools and scenarios to keep your interest along the way. The story is amusing, fluffy and light. My only real issue is I can't seem to find out how to reset the game and start from the begining again, or if that's even possible. Could use an intro screen and multiple session manager like space chem had. But other than that the game is a great amount of fun if you like puzzlers."
76561198000078066,Recommended,300570,16868520,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Apotheosic,"i've only put a few hours into this game so far, and i feel as though i'm probably only starting to scratch the surface on it's complexity, but at this point, i am having an absolute blast with it!the game works precisely as displayed in the trailer: you are given x inputs, told to produce y output, and you have to figure out how to get y from x using the factory machinery tools provided to you. These tools include conveyor belts, pistons, sensors, welders, and more. It becomes very quickly apparent with any seemingly easy puzzle, that the deceptively simple systems the game provides you can and must be used to created increasingly complex and synergistic structures, as you create more and more intricate outputs.The game very thoroughly challenges your problem-solving skills, spatial and mechanical awareness, and logical abilities.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a truly unique, engaging, and challenging puzzle game."
76561198072326300,Recommended,300570,16885620,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,goose183,"For anyone who enjoyed the Portal games or The Talos Principle, I think you will like this.  It gets hard very quickly, and each puzzle takes a large amount of time.  It's not one of those puzzle games you can just breeze through in an afternoon.  As well as the main story mode, there are tons of player-made scenarios on the workshop.  Has the ""early access"" flag still, but feels polished and like a finished game.  The developer has a good track record too, so I'm sure we will see more content in the future.  Quite expensive at £17, but really worth it in my opinion."
76561198006092528,Recommended,300570,16717341,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Harald B,"A great game if SpaceChem left you wanting more. It's by the same dev and has a very similar feel to the gameplay and the amount of time you can spend going back to optimize your older solutions. I'm not going to go as far as to call it ""SpaceChem in 3D"", as I feel SpaceChem was a masterpiece and Infinifactory in comparison is rather lacking in story and flavor. ResearchNet is also sorely missed, and the Steam Workshop integration doesn't really make for a good alternative in my opinion.Still, the vertical dimension and the different ways of doing things definitely bring something new to the table, and as its own thing Infinifactory is a very good game that no fan of SpaceChem should miss out on."
,Recommended,300570,14653881,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CorwinJ,"I love this game.Infinifactory takes the torch in 'programming' style games; where the goal is to create or affect starting conditions of a simulation, then run the simulation, and adjust the starting conditions until completion. There's a ton of room for creativity, and the devs are listening to feedback from players (recently they reached out to the reddit community for the game).Every blog post or video about this game will talk about the pedigree of Zachtronics, but this was the first game I've played by them, and I'm hooked. I'm going to be buying spacechem as well, which seems to scratch the same itch in a slightly different way."
,Recommended,300570,16949303,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,EKS,This game is great fun.If you wanna know more:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=717j1N9pONI
76561198037146875,Recommended,300570,14668399,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ScLobo,Infinifactory really and I mean REALLY gets your brain working. This game will make you feel stupid and thats a great thing if you like a challenge.
76561198203416512,Recommended,300570,33598378,Posted: 16 July,all,Pixel,"It has some of the best puzzle gameplay I've ever seen on a Steam game. It's unique with design and items. I've only gotten through some of the levels, but that's enough to know that I'll be keeping this game. I really do recommend this game to anybody who really likes head-scratching puzzles. This game makes you think. Hard."
,Recommended,300570,20017465,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AlStar,"Have you ever wanted to feel both incredibly smart AND incredibly stupid? This is the game for you!Much like its predecessor SpaceChem, WHAT you need to do is always fairly straightforward. HOW to actually achieve it – and, moreover, manage to do it repeatedly – is the part that’s going to haunt you.I must say though, after spending what seems like forever getting things just right, watching a factory endlessly turn out missiles (or satellites, or whatever you’ve been tasked with doing) fulfills that ‘reward’ center of the brain like nothing else."
,Recommended,300570,14201876,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Decompiled,"Zach has been making logic based games for a while now and this is arguably his best yet. I loved Space Chem, but struggled with a lost of the puzzles because of the space requirements to solve them in. Infinifactory takes the idea of SpaceChem and moves it into 3D space and largely removes the space constraints on solving puzzles. Each level has the player place blocks in a desired arangement into a goal area. The blocks come through from block shoots or spawners and it is the player's job to move the blocks into the goal arrangement, and then move the arrangement of blocks to the goal with the use of very basic, translate, rotate and switch blocks. This is a game you can take your time with, and solving puzzles feels very pragmatic and craft based (you get better at solving them over time). Arriving on a new level to find something new and different was always delightful.Other than the ending, I loved the subtle story, even though that isn't the game's main focus I found it very intriguing and left me wanting more.In its current state Infinifactory feels like a complete game and I will gladly play through it again when it is complete if only to improve on my previous solutions to puzzles.5/5"
76561197972059142,Recommended,300570,26994897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vodik,"Oh man, what am I doing with my life? Why can't I stop?"
,Recommended,300570,14079661,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Quinton,"Glorious fun.  SpaceChem-esque puzzles in 3D voxel worlds.  A little less programming-y than SpaceChem, but not any less mind-bending.  And little cinematic bits and such too."
,Recommended,300570,20532070,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DD,A game for OCD people.
,Recommended,300570,14090757,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mmd1080,"For the love of God, please read the early acces details (or just ignore the fact it's early access) and buy this game now. Zachtronics, if you read this, please do yourselves a favor and take the early access label off of your finished game! I hate to think of how many sales you'll miss from people who completely write off EA.If you haven't played Spacechem, one of the best games of all time, buy that too! It's kind of like training for this game. I've been rating all the levels ""just right,"" but I'd bet they're pretty hard right off the bat for people who didn't play Spacechem.Hard to say after only playing an hour but this might be better than Spacechem. The asthetic and storytelling alone are a billion times better (every game has flaws, and story was definitely one that got in the way in Spacechem).Only request so far would be to make the level rating optional/opt-out; I think it's a good idea and a lot of people will probably be happy to help you... but again, remember that your early data is going to be from Spacechem vets, and we're insane!"
76561198042704873,Recommended,300570,17947252,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ヘンタイ,"When I realized there was a second half to the campain, I was like ""OMG"" and than realized is was super difficult. :DStill a perfect game. would recommend to puzzle maniacs"
76561198096892058,Recommended,300570,18830149,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,HumanFtw,"Another remarkable release from Zachtronics!Puzzle games come in many different forms nowadays, and they make you think in different ways. The part that I love about Infinifactory is that I can imagine, in my head, the parts of the output contraption coming together in a certain way, and then eventually getting all the movements timed and positioned correctly to make it happen. Or whatever gets the job done.On the more difficult puzzles, the magnitude of what is required by the puzzle can make solving it take over an hour, easily. There is a certain threshold of patience, that if you can commit enough time and thought to that problem, you should be able to get it done after a while. Once you get the mechanics of the game down it's just a matter of that. I find that sometimes I am in that mood, and I'll solve a couple more problems, but most of the time it's hard to get motivated to solve some of those problems.The game doesn't require you to solve every problem as you progress, however, so it's a blast as you're first going through it. I think that's a sufficient offset to the inherent difficulty of Infinifactory that I'll recommend this to the puzzlers out there. Due to the spacial nature of the game, if you like manipulating things in 3D, this is much more likely to arouse your interest. Of all the Zachtronics releases, I feel like this is probably the most accessible."
,Recommended,300570,14350219,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Garlyle Wilds,IT'S SPACECHEMIN 3DMY BRAIN ♥♥♥♥ING HURTS AND I LIKE IT
76561197962466643,Recommended,300570,18433479,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,-=iTB=- jopie110,If you like to make awesome assembly lines this is the game for you! Well worth it if you ask me.
,Recommended,300570,17331634,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ray,"Spacechem is harder to clear - Infinifactory is 3D and the levels aren't sharply bounded, so you have a lot of freedom to just stick parts in. There's possibly even more freedom to make nice solutions here, though."
76561198143256829,Recommended,300570,15252213,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,vrojak,"Great game but too few levels, and so far even the hardest ones are way easier than Spacechem's later levels. I hope that Zach adds some that take a little longer than just about 2 hours to solve.Edit:Now that the game is out of early access, the later levels are finally difficult, as they should be."
,Recommended,300570,27853844,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Delreich,"Don't forget to eat, drink, sleep, and other such somewhat important needs. It can easily happen when trying to get your minimal footprint factory working..."
,Recommended,300570,27825478,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FalconHawk38,Good Game! I can't stop playing all night.
,Recommended,300570,17108941,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,psyk2642,Pirated it. Bought it. 10% off. Worth it.
,Recommended,300570,24734114,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Weznon,"Good for knocking down your ego a bit,"
,Recommended,300570,20323616,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lt. Commander Data,Extremely satisfying logic-puzzle game. Engineer elegant solutions based on x amounts of input; or at least that's the theory. More like put a conveyor going this way and one going that way and beg the alien overlord gods for good timing :(In all seriousness it's a lot of fun. There's a bit of a dark-comedic plot going on which for the most part seems unimportant. You'll be spending 95% of the time flying around the actual levels anyway. The campaign is pretty long. You'll be plenty of hours in before you actually beat all the puzzles. Defintely worth the price!
,Recommended,300570,20336267,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,tourniquet,This game encapsulates the feeling of becoming smarter when someone else explains a difficult concept in sensible terms.
,Recommended,300570,16259959,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Adam Atomic,"My favorite game of the last few years, and Zachtronics' magnum opus, Infinifactory is basically a very beautiful, creepy and accessible version of SpaceChem, their underground optimize-em-up puzzle hit from a few years ago. The Minecraft-like interface will be familiar to many, and the different metrics of success provide enormous replay opportunities for competing against your friends for more and more convoluted and/or efficient solutions. Highest recommendation!!"
,Recommended,300570,16713748,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gustav,I have a game here I know you would like. I bought it on the Steam Summer Sale. Infinifactory. A lot like portal with a little bit Factorio & Space Engineers.
76561197970594435,Recommended,300570,19792673,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Blimbeard,"Infinifactory is the most enjoyable puzzle game I've played in agesThe premise is fairly straight forward, you have one or more input hoppers that provide you with a steady stream of different blocks, which you must then manipulate, assemble and transport to produce a finished product, using a variety of tools such as conveyors and rotators to move them, welders and cutters to join or split them and sensors and pushers to act as basic logic.Sound simple? In theory perhaps but in practice it's devious, dastardly and downright mind boggling at times. There are many ways to approach each puzzle, forcing you to think laterally and often creatively about how you'll tackle it. I've been taking it slowly, doing one or two puzzles a night and my brain has been loving every minute of it. As the levels progress the puzzles become more complex, forcing you to think up new and better ways to perform parts of the overall task, and gradually increasing your arsenal of available tools to do it with.What really puts the icing on the cake is the great sense of accomplishment upon solving each puzzle. Obviously this is the case for most puzzle games but watching your awesome contraptions manhandle the blocks into submission in an elegant symphony of cleverly planned motion and manipulation of your own design is immensely satisfying, far more so than most puzzlers I have playedIf you enjoy giving the ol' grey matter a good workout then don't hesitate to buy this game, it's an absolute joy."
76561198060257700,Recommended,300570,27777948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Diency,"If you've ever played minecraft and used its electrical systems called ""redstone"" to create things like doors, moving walls/floors, and other complicated devices focused on moving blocks, it's basically that but streamlined into a challenging and addictive puzzle game.I'd totally reccomend buying this the moment it goes on sale, even if only for 20-25% off. It's very fun!(Although if puzzle/logic games aren't your thing, maybe this isn't for you...)"
76561197989389547,Recommended,300570,28102443,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Coth Lytherna,Exactly the game that I was looking for. Minimal time commitment required  but I cannot stop thinking about it.
,Recommended,300570,28084836,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spectral,"Not puzzle solving, but problem solving: you make your own solutions. Very stimulating and captivating game."
,Recommended,300570,30208153,Posted: 26 February,all,scally wag⁴,"OverviewReally fun and interesting puzzle game with familiar yet somewhat unique mechanics.The player takes the role of a human who has been abducted by an alien spaceship and is tasked with constructing a variety of different production lines (for lack of a better term) to make equipment and machines for the aliens across a variety of levels. The player will unlock more machine parts and mechanics as they progress.The games interesting story is initially told through tape recordings that the player will find in different levels.The levels seemingly easy but quickly get more difficult as the game progresses. There are many different ways in which to construct the different production lines in each stage and the player is rewarded for making their factory as efficient as possible. This game is sure to frustrate any player but they will be rewarded for their determination.This game has elements from, and can be compared to, other games such as Factorio and Minecraft, but it is also very different from those games in other ways and is more than capable of being considered independent from those games.Positive Aspects+Fun and interesting puzzle mechanics.+Excellent soundtrack.+Freedom to solve puzzles in different ways, with more efficient ways being rewarded.+Good story, however, the story does notat firsthave a central role in the game.+Very relaxing, yet difficult gameplay.(opinion)+Workshop support for creating new levels.+Nice aesthetic.+Good learning curve.+Longer that it seems.The player will unlock a whole new set of missions involving solving puzzles for a rebel alliance when the main story appears to be complete.Neutral Aspects~Online functionality limited to leaderboards and the workshop.~No performance issues.Negative Aspects-Levels may get repetitive after a while.-Players may get bored of the game's mechanics.-Some players may not like the games linear progression.-Price is perhaps slightly too high.ConclusionOverall, I like this game. I would recommend this game to anybody who likes puzzle games. It is a very good puzzle game and it is relaxing and fun to play. The game will require alot of determination to complete and I would not recommend it to people who are looking for an easy game or to those who are not interested in puzzles."
76561198040920789,Recommended,300570,31328337,Posted: 23 April,all,sausage face,"This game is so frustrating, but I love it"
,Recommended,300570,16901313,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Deminov,Pretty amazing puzzle game. Feels really good to create some well oiled machinery that actually works.I only wish that they would add windowed mode to the options menu.
,Recommended,300570,25012483,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DominosJR,"If you're a logical thinker, then this game will give you lots of cool puzzles to reason out.  You can spend a good bit of time optimizing your solutions after you first figure out how to complete each level.If you're not a logical thinker (illogoical?), then this game will still be great fun as you create crazy, Rube Goldberg type solutions to the puzzles.The only constraints are the puzzle space made available and the creativity you bring to bear."
76561198076882334,Recommended,300570,25082554,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,countryshack,"Infini-tastic!The object of this Puzzle Game is to build things. You have no idea what they are for and you don't really care.You are given a basic set of instructions of what to build and then, by the use of conveyors and things, you feed it into a recepicle to see if it was built correctly.The game starts out with just a few simple tools to build your 'thing' and then adds more as the game progresses.If you are like me and HATE arcade puzzle games that make you guess, by trial and error, what to do then you will Love Infinifactory. It starts you off letting you know exactly what you have to create and you can take your time to design a machine that will produce it. No hurry. No rush. No guessing.I've even sat in a waiting room with a pad and pencil and sketched out ideas to try when I got back to my computer (Love my big screen;)I've only been playing about 6 hours or so but if it keeps doing what it has done already....I'm in puzzle heaven!"
,Recommended,300570,19757590,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Salvia Hardon,"Infinifactory is a very open-ended puzzle game. You are presented with a bunch of input parts, and it's up to you to move and weld them in order to match them to the desired output. The factory that you put together to accomplish this purpose needs to synchronize the movement of all these individual pieces such that they interact cleanly, and don't accidentally push a piece one tile off and suddenly you have a massive traffic jam. Unlike some puzzle games, you're not stuck bashing your head trying to find the one and only solution - you're finding out how to make your own solution work.For those who have played SpaceChem, you'll be right at home with these concepts. For those that haven't, I highly recommend you try the free demo for SpaceChem and see how you like that.I find the difficulty in Infinifactory to be much more forgiving than in SpaceChem. You will never run out of room to come up with your solution - you have all the room in the world to make your solution as inelegant and bulky as possible if that's what it takes to make it work. Of course, the major appeal is still optimization. There are 3 categories to optimize for - complete the desired output in as little runtime as possible, use the least amount of vertical real estate, or use as few factory blocks as possible. The beauty of those optimized solutions is really what gives a great feeling of accomplishment to the players.As detailed, the gameplay is extremely solid. The engine runs and loads smooth - there is nothing in the way of getting to the gameplay. There's a goofy story that entertains some, doesn't detract from the gameplay at all, but I would hardly consider it to be a major draw of the game. Graphics, sound, and music are all decent (music is a definite downgrade from SpaceChem)."
,Recommended,300570,31061813,Posted: 10 April,all,elimik31,"Amazing and addictive puzzle game. I have played several other Zachtronics games before, so I knew this would be hard, but it is not as hard as I feared. I have played it about 20 hours now and I am through most of the first campaign, but I know that there is more to come and it will get more difficult. So far I had very few moments of frustration, though I had to take a break sometimes and think about a problem. I never felt the need to use online solutions, though it might be helpful to look at some of the user guides with some tips and tricks. In contrast to other Zachtronics games, I felt that the levels are quite large, so there is a lot of room for unelegant solutions, which still do the job.Due to the 3D the game is much more immersive than other Zachtronics games and I like that it feels like you are constructing factories to manufacture actual stuff, like spaceships, tanks and packaged meat. It runs very smoothly on my non-gaming notebook, looks pretty enough and the backgrounds are gorgeous. The music is nice and not distracting, good for long periods of concentration. The story or setting reminded me of ""The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"". It is funny and bizarre, but also sad at times. I really makes me want to know how it continues and I actually care for some of the characters (Floyd). However, I cannot judge how it will be in the later part of the game.In the game you get different inputs and have to build a factory to create something as an output (for example a Sattelite). Otherwise you are given total freedom, so you can get really creative and in the end you are really proud of your own, personal solution. It is not a puzzle game in the sense that there is a predefined solution that you have to find, which is what I like about Zachtronics games. The puzzles (at least in the first campaign) feel all quite different, so it does not get repetitive. In some way it is like programming, because you can use sensors for kind of ""if then"" instructions: ""If there is a block at this position, active that pusher in that other location"". But you don't have to be a programmer, it is just some logic thinking. It's fun.For the moment I will stop playing this game because I have an exam soon, which is why I am doing the review now. But this will take me some effort, I really want to continue playing it."
,Recommended,300570,17489164,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Holocene - Moving House,"In infinifactory, you solve puzzles using factory equipment. Blocks like conveyors, welders, detectors, pushers etc. Each levels purpose is made easily clear, all the tools you need to solve the level are there. It's just the solving that's the tricky bit. This game is the most fun puzzle game i've played in years. The sense of achievement you feel when you solve a level and you see your machine in full action building the structures required is really rewarding. It has quite a lot of puzzles in the main story that really melt your brain and when you complete them (if you complete them) the game has integration with the steam workshop. So you can download puzzles other people have made too. Seriously, really great game. If you're into any type of puzzle game like Portal for example, you'll love this."
,Recommended,300570,31775956,Posted: 15 May,all,Bakersfield Chimp,This is my favorite game right now. It's amazing!
,Recommended,300570,20490288,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Goldfish are Sexual Creatures,"I like this game. Enough to write a review. Not enough to actually review it as such, just that it warrants a review. A positive one.But not by me.Thanks."
76561198116585417,Recommended,300570,35077789,Posted: 19 September,all,Gigabowser,Great game! Very good for people who like building or puzzles. It has a nice difficulty scaling and the steam workshop keeps the fun going.
,Recommended,300570,16179749,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Exile,This game brings back the best elements of SpaceChem including telling you how much smarter you are than your friends after you complete a level.
,Recommended,300570,26080845,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chrisazy,"Scratches my programming itch, while still letting me be creative"
,Recommended,300570,15427487,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Edelguard,This is extremely my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198324121114,Recommended,300570,32711224,Posted: 23 June,all,dragonslayer,This game is a complex logic game... and it is kinda sad. but overrall i liked it.
76561198023340319,Recommended,300570,17254713,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,FixXxeR,must have!
,Recommended,300570,14095635,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ramen and Vitamins [TWRK],"Zachtronics is bringing us another cerebral masterpiece!If you enjoyed SpaceChem, then it's a pretty safe bet you'll love Infinifactory. But there's another old, free Zachtronics game that's even more like Infinifactory. It's called Manufactoid, and if you don't mind some ugly graphics and (very, very light) programming, then you should absolutely check it out if you're on the fence about Infinifactory.The goal in Infinifactory (and Manufactoid, and SpaceChem for that matter) is to build specific objects from the inputs you're given. You have conveyor belts and rotators to move blocks around, sensors and pushers to move them around in a smarter way, welders to fuse blocks into the larger objects that you're tasked with building, and some other kinds blocks that I won't spoil.In Manufactoid (seriously, go Google it if you like this sort of thing! I'll wait...) you had to write tiny little ""programs"" to run your factory. For example, you might have to write some code that said (translated to English), ""anytime sensor 5 is activated, also activate pushers 3,4, and 7"". In principle you could write much more complicated programs (the language is Lua), but in practice this is what it ended up being. Infinifactory takes out the programming completely, but the third dimension makes up for it by giving us much more flexibility to hook up our sensors, pushers, and so on without them interfering with one other.As others have said, this isn't your typical half-baked Early Access title. These guys are doing it right. The graphics are appealing, performance is good, controls are tight, and there are 30 well-designed puzzles already. Anyone who has played SpaceChem knows that 30 puzzles (okay, maybe 20 since the first few are necessarily easy) can last you a long time. And there'll no doubt be a lot more coming along soon.Just buy it. You'll get your money's worth, and Zach deserves to get rich."
76561197997756161,Recommended,300570,14114700,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,osvold,"Sooooo much fun,  buy it, you will not regret it. Similar like Spacechem but not just Spacechem 3D, wonderfull"
76561198014539309,Recommended,300570,14096480,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,boxmann,"I liked the red pellets better than the yellow ones.10/10, Zachtronics wins again."
,Recommended,300570,14168257,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Mouse of Madness,"It's like this game was specifically designed for me. I was kinda into minecraft for a while until it dawned on me that the only thing I really cared about was making redstone contraptions. This game is nothing but contraptions, and ones that require exact planning. Even after solving a puzzle, there's always more efficiency you can squeeze out of it to make an even better solution."
76561197977892146,Recommended,300570,30598809,Posted: 18 March,all,M6Hurricane,"If you like logical puzzles, then you will probably like this. To be honest I would suggest Factorio over this, becuase you get the same logical production feature without having to deal with the gameplay and UI of Infinifactory"
76561198008109819,Recommended,300570,19880324,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OzoneGrif,"Similar to Spacechem, but easier and more rewarding...well easier... not really: as soon as you try to optimize your factories, the game rises to a very different level.The puzzles are fun, and the ergonomy is great. Wonderful puzzle game, as always with this developper."
76561197999034747,Recommended,300570,14168693,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,zepoxi,"Fair EA price for a good EA game.Fun, challenging, and you might want to throw your PC out the window because you're overthinking a puzzle.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,300570,33595601,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. Kheese™,Surprisingly great.21 out of 23.
76561197970373266,Recommended,300570,15247029,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,rochyroch,It makes my brain hurt.10/10
,Recommended,300570,15015147,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cylill,One of the best puzzle games I've played.  I look forward to more levels.
,Recommended,300570,16728449,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FUXOFT,"""The Incredible Machine"" for the 21st century."
,Recommended,300570,32860407,Posted: 27 June,all,[RLM] Shougat,Great factorys.
,Recommended,300570,14874789,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Doc,I carved a whale into useful parts.  Failed because I had too much eyeball.10/10 will factory again.
,Recommended,300570,17230422,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,thegrok,Incredible addictive fun! You should play this now. That is all.
76561198045923039,Recommended,300570,17203510,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,D-137,One of the few games worth its full price tag.
,Recommended,300570,17130242,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Usandru,I cannot stop playing this.Help.It's too good.
76561198085400637,Recommended,300570,15032805,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jeff Sessions,Good sh*t.
76561198027124941,Recommended,300570,16838487,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,cloomby,aliens abducted me out of my truck... forced me to work.... they have killed countless people... dogs...... some say a whale.... if i get the chance.... ill kill em all.
,Recommended,300570,14216302,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,hyphz,"This is a very clever and intriuging game. Essentially, you have a Minecraft-style building interface, except instead of using blocks of raw materials the blocks represent machinery, and the goal is to build a factory to transform inputs you're provided with into specified outputs.While the building interface can be a bit fiddly from time to time, the puzzling is fascinating and addictive. The only concern I have is that some of the later puzzles can be HARD - it may take an hour just to build them, let alone solve them. At that point I was sometimes left wondering why, if you would want to play a programming-style game this hard, you wouldn't just actually program - especially since there are games online based on real programming which don't leave you cursing that there isn't room to build the function you need! But at the same time, building factories does have a very visceral and effective feeling which brought me back to the game several times."
,Recommended,300570,29557101,Posted: 28 January,all,LameName90210,"10/10  - This game is amazing.  One of the best games I've ever played.If you enjoy logical thinking and trying to solve a problem, get this game immediately.Build items using conveyer belts, welders, pushers, sensors and an array of other components.And when you've solved a level, spend more time optimising it later because it's just so satisfying.Damn."
,Recommended,300570,14075002,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,jan,"Great game, scratches my puzzle itch."
,Recommended,300570,14510555,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dan Dixon,"Never got into SpaceChem, but have enjoyed this spiritual sucessor. And it's easily one of the more polished Early Access titles."
76561198184449949,Recommended,300570,23661549,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ev3rLadd,"High Quality, highly challenging, and hours of fun puzzles"
,Recommended,300570,14078139,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Aioua,"If you liked spacechem, you will like this."
76561198145416198,Recommended,300570,16903714,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,whybusbus,"Wires, lots of wires"
,Recommended,300570,14077179,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Reaper0351,If you were a fan of Spacechem you will love it. Even if you're not a fan you will probably still love it. Absolutely awesome.The best puzzle game I've played to date.
76561197995959605,Recommended,300570,16920424,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Nick Vascuas,"I have barely progressed with 6 hours of gameplay. This game takes a lot of trial and error as well as planning ahead. You may get your first thing built, but the next set of blocks coming could get messed up from bad timing.10/10 def worth 20$ at least. Tons of content here and it won't be beaten in a day. Also workshop!"
,Recommended,300570,14220662,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chaosteil,It's roughly SpaceChem in 3D with an incredible amount of polish. Love it!
,Recommended,300570,34011169,Posted: 4 August,all,Immortal Wombat,Fun puzzles but unnecessarily miserable story. Would rather not have listened to a dog die of loneliness.
,Recommended,300570,19927343,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Techbane,"Where for some reason I could not into Spacechem, Infinifactory has got me by the short and curlies. It's a genius example of puzzle design, really, in a style somewhat reminiscent of The Incredible Machine. You're given a specific input and output, sometimes a few special pieces in the middle, and set loose to design your madcap assembly line. There's no right answer, just whatever produces the desired product without causing a broken pileup along the way. You are then given a numeric breakdown of your carbon footprint, blocks used, and cycles (length) taken, on a bar graph showing average global player scores for that level. I think that's also brilliant, because you aren't competing for any specific ""S Rank"" conditions (although there are some achievements to that effect), you're just shown how you stack up to the player average and left to decide for yourself if you want to try to go back and optimize things just that little bit more...Levels often look daunting at first glance, but as prodded at will usually unravel gradually as you work out where to put piece buffers, delay gates, and so on. Failing that, you can always go look at some other player builds, which in recreating you will come to understand the fundamental components thereof. Even by cheating you're learning to play the game better.There's also a more sandboxy set of levels available, and a built-in GIF recorder for showing off your solutions. Fantastic puzzle game that basically does everything right."
,Recommended,300570,20027896,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr.,"True(A)/False (B)1. Does a square go into a circle shaped hole?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D2. If you cannot solve a complex task(s) you should panic and find the nearest corner and cry?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D3. If you are abducted by alien overlords, it is imperative that you try to find any means possible to escape?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D4. In case there is a deceased corpse on the work site, you should immediately panic, and confront managment about the unsafety and unsanitary conditions of the work site?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D5. Aliens are real?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D6. Management has treated you unhumanely, i.e, long hours, cramped sleeping quarters, work regime without paid vacation, dog food?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D7. Your rigorious work schedule has induced paranoia, insomnia, stomach ulchers, twitching, cancer, lung disease, chronic migraines, gingivitis, blindness, death, gastro-intestinal infection, parasital infection, vomiting, autism, down syndrome, lebers?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D8. Takes you weeks to solve puzzles?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D9. Constantly press R instead of Q and E to rotate objects?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D10. Your Steam friends are constantly solving puzzles better than you?⭕ A⭕ B⭕ C⭕ D11. Bonus question: You want to know if this is a factory/production chain/ mass production type game? Please refer to manualCommunity hub, tab four labeledArtwork, page 01010101010101010101010 (IEEE 754)hereIf you answered true to any of these questions, you are unfit for testing, please report to a re-evaluation employee, whom will take you to the nearestinceneratorexit, thank you"
,Recommended,300570,14533352,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,henry,Yes.
,Recommended,300570,22152944,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DarkStranger,The perfect puzzle solving game. Starts easy/accessable and ramps up to mind bending.
,Recommended,300570,22514820,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,RaCio,"Amazing puzzler. Every stage asks you to create you a certain structure from basic blocks using conveyors, welders and other special blocks. Very challenging and allows for many different solutions to every puzzle."
,Recommended,300570,20571822,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Knight of Ratatosk,"One of the best puzzle game ever made !!A real challenging brainteaser where you have to deserve to see the end !A simple concept and goal in a total freedom environment !Story (summary) :You start as a kind of ""hostage slave"" who has to build stuff for an alien race.Then, you get saved by the allies and have to help them build other stuff to fight back the kidnappers.Finally, you need to build again to return safely to Earth.Game Length :I just finished it and it tooks me 72 hours to complete @ 100% (every single level + all achievements).The workshop feature allows you to play hundreds additionnal maps made by players !Another masterpiece for the company who made SpaceChem ; a must have to any puzzle lover, worth every penny even at full price !Extremely recommanded !"
,Recommended,300570,15417929,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,cookta2012,This is one of the best games EVER
76561197998399649,Recommended,300570,17146326,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Danger Ranger,A great psudo programming puzzle game!
,Recommended,300570,14084652,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DodoCommando,"Very fun puzzler, similar to spacechem but the extra dimension makes quite the difference."
76561197970540475,Recommended,300570,19669065,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,jernst288,this game is fun and challenging.  keeps you wanting to solve the puzzle.  fair puzzles but gets hard.  Only issue is if you suffer from getting dizzy on FPS's then this will have the same effect.  i found myself having to stop oftewn as it was making me sick.
,Recommended,300570,14080594,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Ultimate Fridge Dragon,SpaceChem was the best game ever.  Infinifactory is 1 dimension better!
,Recommended,300570,16820354,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Capitos,"It really is just SpaceChem in 3D. Fun, but not as innovative as I had hoped.If you liked SpaceChem, you will like this. If you didn't like SpaceChem (or are tired of it) you won't like this. If you haven't played SpaceChem, try the demo and buy it first.If you're looking for a freeform factory sandbox, get Factorio instead.I think it's worth $15."
76561198022917794,Recommended,300570,16816453,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kilai,I love those kind of games. They are really fun.
,Recommended,300570,14253874,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nollix,"Zach is a great developer who makes brilliant puzzle games. This is another solid one, with rather humorous elements and an excellent soundtrack that's become a hallmark of his titles, and is fairly polished considering it's still in Early Access.Pretty hard, but great game if you have the mind for it."
,Recommended,300570,28090478,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vice,"I absolutely love this game! It is one of the only puzzle games that I have played that is enjoyable for hours on end, and it doesn't repeat itself ever. I adore Infinifactory."
76561198062470741,Recommended,300570,23375631,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,hellequin,infinifactory is a puzzle game testing your pacients seeing if you can complete the task i would recommend this to players who like puzzle games
,Recommended,300570,16826062,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Picks Terrible Heroes,"A puzzle/engineering game for all. Similar to Spacechem, you'll feel proud of every solution you come up with."
,Recommended,300570,14096491,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,A Wizened Crone,"Remember when you played Monkey Island, or Portal for the first time, and you solved a puzzle and it was JUST hard enough to be impenetrable at a glance, but JUST easy enough that you never got to the point where you just gave up? Remember how, at the completion of each puzzle, you felt like the smartest person alive?This game does that.It's interesting enough to play many levels at a stretch, but nicely chunkable, so that if you're busy and just want to knock out a single puzzle, you can get it done in 20 minutes and come back for more at another time."
76561197994948190,Recommended,300570,31304759,Posted: 22 April,all,Dandy,It's a neat little puzzle game. Focuses you to be creative and build your own solution not just the one the dev intended. The physics engine is rudimentary but it gets the job done.
,Recommended,300570,14374550,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Radiatoryang,"About halfway through, and Zachtronic's done it again... Excellent game, it's SpaceChem but made more accessible with a lighter narrative and more intuitive Minecraft (or Infiniminer) metaphors. If you wanted to like SpaceChem but stopped after a few levels (or when you reached the boss battle) then try this, the developer has learned a lot of restraint. Masterwork in puzzle and systems design."
76561198042726862,Recommended,300570,26135776,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,herb41279,Forgot to eat the food pellets. Almost died. Kept on playing.10 /10
76561198049183091,Recommended,300570,29423424,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"A wonderful puzzle game that can be very difficult to get your head around, but figuring out a working solution is as satisfying as getting a solution almost right but missing one tiny detail which forces you to restart the whole thing is infuriating."
,Recommended,300570,27591044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blunder,3d spacechem. get it if you liked factorio
76561198025625270,Recommended,300570,25955583,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,xterminal86,I approve.
,Recommended,300570,21087901,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,daniel_cps,"Oh yeah... waht a nice game. If you like legos, puzzles and building stuff, this game is for you."
76561197993840520,Recommended,300570,26230810,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,onymous,"fun puzzles, good story, lots of user-generated content"
,Recommended,300570,18216949,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,lusidity,"Everything Zachtronics makes follows the same general concept, but is different enough to make you go ""Ooooh, I've never played a game like this before."" Only complaint I have is when coming out of the block selection screen, the camera goes haywire. This can make switching blocks more tedious than it needs to be, but don't care had fun. Awesome game."
,Recommended,300570,14167818,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,seventeen angry pugs,It's Spacechem but 3D.
76561197971872842,Recommended,300570,15338950,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Riph,"Edit:  Game is now out of Early Access.  It remains awesome.Infinifactory is probably the best puzzle game I've ever played.  That honor previously went to Zachtronics' earlier title, SpaceChem.  This guy knows what he's doing.  Give him your money."
,Recommended,300570,30561414,Posted: 16 March,all,B5oard,Sick
,Recommended,300570,23838532,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,theoreticalfunk,Complex.  Frustrating.  Addicting.
,Recommended,300570,31049581,Posted: 9 April,all,bad1080,this game makes me do wookie noises...would chewbacca again!
,Recommended,300570,31053959,Posted: 9 April,all,Xriah,It gaem dun make me feel liek me am smert. 9/0
76561198091005313,Recommended,300570,31091782,Posted: 11 April,all,ivpn,This is what Minecraft prepared me for!(sans the aliens)
,Recommended,300570,14134622,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ezidnox,"Amazingly well executed. Though it's in early access, it feels like a proper full game."
,Recommended,300570,25840908,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kaelei,Definitely one of my favorite puzzle games on steam!
76561198190617262,Recommended,300570,34014629,Posted: 4 August,all,❤RussianGoldfish❤,"An amazing game, has lots o diversity from other puzzle games. Very fun and challenging for everyone. Great game, lots of great moments, Absolutely nothing negitive. 1000/10!"
76561198184778423,Recommended,300570,34316604,Posted: 17 August,all,Fiddy,"Very fun and satisfies my autism. Ironically, it's not very well optimised and I'd recommend using Process Lasso or something similar to get a decent framerate."
,Recommended,300570,16853154,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AliMitch,yes is good thnkx
,Recommended,300570,16841628,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Zerhariel,BEST GAME EVER. It's even more fun than coding !
,Recommended,300570,24893176,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,pesco,"I have 50 mind-wrecking hours in this game and just realized after finishing every puzzle for my alien overlords that that just unlocks the second campaign... /o\Seriously though, very cool game. I'm not quite as in love with it as with TIS-100 but that may well be a matter of taste."
76561197967244540,Recommended,300570,25024148,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,RinValak,"Very cool little puzzler. I wasn't sold on the visual style at first but it grew on me. If you're into puzzlers, definitely give it a go. It's one of my favs, along with Portal.Rating: B+"
,Recommended,300570,25073741,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jeckyll'n'Hyde,A quirky and challenging puzzle game with some really cool ideas.
,Recommended,300570,16888782,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,THEY TOOK OUR PANTS,ITS SO GOOD. BUY THIS GAME.
76561197970697591,Recommended,300570,16874296,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dode,Fun puzzle game.  If you enjoyed Spacechem then you will enjoy this.
76561198110878624,Recommended,300570,16875248,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Chanceless,"Dear Zach,Please make more games, I am bored.Please."
,Recommended,300570,25407044,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Scary Stonga,working on puzzles for such a long time and finding out your solution just simply wont work stinks... but redesigning it and getting a much more efficient solution to work is just too satisfying
,Recommended,300570,21770665,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,thebluerider,Great Puzzlegame. Similar to but less abstract than TIS-100 and similar to but less complex than SpaceChem (I think all three by the same developper).Best of the 3 in my opinion.
,Recommended,300570,21825843,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,void,"If you are a fan of puzzle games that can be solved in hundreds of different ways, then this is the game for you.Anyone who has played Zachtronics' previous game, SpaceChem, will feel right at home... And it's just as addictive!Computer programmers (like me) will be totally hooked. You will not be able to put it down."
,Recommended,300570,21975376,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Draika,This game is really awesome but I feel the later puzzles feel too cramped in terms of spacing. Only a minor issue though
76561198032042257,Recommended,300570,22016614,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,HypernymMaker,If you like puzzles or factories then this is a game for you!  This game is really great fun and you probably will come away with some new skills too!  The puzzles start out easy and get much more difficult latter on.  A very great deal for the price.
76561197994503917,Recommended,300570,16318130,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,JDCollie,"3D SpaceChem, it is awesome!"
76561198056387214,Recommended,300570,31055235,Posted: 9 April,all,prizmpromise,"This is a fun puzzle game. Good balance of simple mechanics and the possibility of complex combinations. Very creative challenges, fun little story in between some levels, and lots of levels!"
,Recommended,300570,24040260,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ace Cadet,"Infinitfactory, the game equivalent of being a programmer. You're given an input and have to use that input to create an appropriate output.Any roundabout method of creating the desired output can be taken, but if you want to compare yourself to others who play the game (I suggest you don't), then you can always try and make your machines as efficient as possible.Creating any old maching to solve a problem is fine in terms of game progression and pleasing your evil alien overlords and obtaining delicious food pellets, but if you want to prove yourself to the world, then you're going to have to make the most efficient machine possible. A machine that does all the actions in the least amount of time, with the least amount of blocks, with the smallest possible ground space taken! You're going to expend every single braincell trying to come up with the perfect solution! You're going to have to study programming efficency, engineering design, advanced maths, and possibly highschool geometry! This is not a game! This is the life of a programmer! Forced to make abritrary machines for your dimwitted but somehow technological advanced overlords!Anyway, good game, 10/10 would eat food pellets again."
,Recommended,300570,24064087,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Aquila,"Fantastic puzzle game all around. One of the features I like best is that it shows you how well you did compared to everyone else's results so you can see if your solution is in the ballpark or where you could improve. That alone adds replayability as you try and figure out how to use less blocks, have a smaller footprint and complete the task in fewer cycles. Great fun!"
76561198024968243,Recommended,300570,24150000,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,arginine2,Easier than SpaceChem.
76561197988904291,Recommended,300570,31796061,Posted: 16 May,all,Jvie,A very good game.
,Recommended,300570,14078407,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ephedra,Minechem. A+++
,Not Recommended,300570,32846900,Posted: 27 June,all,Hellpest,"Game crashes after 5-10 minutes, bringing up a prompt to open a webpage, which then immediatley closes the chosen browser. Looking through the discussion forum, the only solution seems to be putting up with the crashes and making manual save backups, or disabling your antivirus and any cloud backup software you have.Great game, just a shame that this clearly ongoing problem has been allowed to persist."
,Recommended,300570,17005126,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,gnat,"$30 is steep so wait for sale or Pirate Edition.Basically: Alien warlord pointing a gun to your head as you're put to work designing assembly lines to build interplanetary missiles, fusion engines, other ship components. Fuuuuuck.You also find a dead dog that they tried to get to design a facility."
76561197979875574,Recommended,300570,16834324,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,Portal 2 meets Minecraft.  Need I say more?
76561198033058381,Recommended,300570,22610634,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,「Kei-Chi」,"28 hours from first launch i have 19 hours of playtime, i think i might like it, maybe."
76561198055622191,Recommended,300570,17060346,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Torchit,I hate it.
,Recommended,300570,15988532,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sean,Much funSuch FactoryVery Puzzle
,Recommended,300570,29456065,Posted: 23 January,all,Maeveh,"When I loaded the game and realized it was made by the same people that made Spacechem I knew I was already in love. 20 hours into the campaign so far with plenty left to do! Plus the steam workshop has some awesome challenges! If you think ""atyppicaly"" for solving problems then this is your game.Oh and also cudos to the team for that delightful nod to genders. It really made the game that much more worth getting to that point. Never before has a game been actually on par with what I has a transwoman could for as humor. That got me laughing then crying once I realized so few might get the joke. So again thank you.Sorry to do a second edit... but I mean what more do you want from this game other than someone to tell you more about it because of how much they enjoyed it?The soundtrack is so nice and relaxing that it actually feels like it makes you solve the problem faster and more efficiently. 10/10 would buy again... but please no... Im poor... Soundtrack was worth the extra buy tho..."
,Recommended,300570,26021094,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DerpasourusRex,(1 Plays game(2 Gets addicted(3 Stops(4 Tries a factory IRL(5 Gets bankrupt
,Recommended,300570,29488263,Posted: 25 January,all,ye,"Very immersive, but not my type of game."
76561198042769909,Recommended,300570,16870867,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Sgt. Cobb,HEY YOU STOPWHY ARE YOU STILL READING REVIEWSBUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,300570,16902929,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kyven,Puzzle devotees will spend hours on these assembly lines. And they certainly won't feel like they've been working in a coal mine.
,Recommended,300570,14072195,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,caff!!!,My head wants to explode
76561198258086206,Recommended,300570,28616211,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GideonGramme,11/10 VR!!! VR!!!!!! VR!!!! VR NOW!!!!!!!!!
76561198029042288,Recommended,300570,17672675,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Red Haze,
76561197972926578,Recommended,300570,14079750,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pophorn,Mouse inversion is in game now and game is awesome :) A spiritual successor of Spacechem with the same fun and satisfaction.
,Not Recommended,300570,34071326,Posted: 6 August,all,OwO What's This?,"Really wish I could recommend this, but I really can't say I had fun the entire time playing. I might be the wrong type of person for this game, so if you enjoy puzzles that make you think really hard, this might be fun. If you don't enjoy spending longer than 20 minutes on a single challenge, I can't recommend this."
76561198022860430,Recommended,300570,19876815,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,justinfreak,ADD CAREER MODE!!!!!
,Recommended,300570,23691693,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sswskalicia,The game itself is scientific!
76561198043406781,Not Recommended,300570,34037415,Posted: 5 August,all,Baron,"I feel  as though I've missed something playing this game as I can't complete any of the puzzles without cheating. On top of this, I feel like I couldn't have completed them on my own as I never would have figured out the trick to the solution on my own. The audio has been increadibly buggy throughout so I have to play it on mute all the time. I would refund it if it wasn't for the fact I've played it for more than four hours trying to get past the tutorial.P.S 21:9 support is great."
,Not Recommended,300570,34016470,Posted: 4 August,all,hotziggity,"This is pretty much a game of trial and error. Doing something over and over again with slight variations to just fail again.The game is promising in the beginning. The first 2 sets of puzzles are great. They are all difficult enough and interesting enough to keep you engaged. It's at the third level set that the difficulty curve kicks in. You go from building simple 2 piece structures to 8 piece utility vehicles. A difficulty curve is nice when excecuted right, but this one is way to early on and way too steep.I want to enjoy this game, but this game doesn't do enough to assist you and keep you engaged when the difficulty curve kicks in. Not recommended if you don't enjoy trial and error."
76561198029818396,Recommended,300570,17392046,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"Excellent game!  Very, very addicting!"
76561198009625167,Not Recommended,300570,24366059,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,yazah,"I love factory games, but this one just failed to hold my attention. There were some good problem solving elements to it, but overall I found the game to be clunky and take too long to build things."
,Recommended,300570,28948465,Posted: 2 January,all,Vanerac,good gaem.bye
,Recommended,300570,14765266,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[NOOB] Rolandino,If you like spacechem: instabuyIf you didn't like spacechem: you are an idiot
76561198074136019,Recommended,300570,22720039,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DarthTyln,gg
,Not Recommended,300570,31312191,Posted: 22 April,all,Johny NIch,"This game felt bland. When yous tart up the game, you start with a confusing tutorial and then progress to some form of a story line element. I had no idea what was going on with the story. The puzzles were allright but it would be nice if there was some kind of prompt for some of the puzzles, something to get you thinking. The graphics weren't that good eiether for a game released in 2015.Overall, the game added nothing to the puzzle genre and it doesn't really have a selling point or something that would amke it stand out from other games. It had good potential and I could see how it could lay out but it just wasn't executed in a way that I liked."
76561198242212012,Not Recommended,300570,34248823,Posted: 14 August,all,WreckLin,To be fairly honest I don't like it it's just so wierd and hard I want my money back
,Not Recommended,300570,34227354,Posted: 13 August,all,Mufasa02,boring
,Not Recommended,300570,21630050,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Uncle,"Very cool idea, I loved factorio and games like this but...was kind of dull."
76561198101336037,Not Recommended,300570,23047498,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Holla Dolla Llama,The later levels are garbage
76561198276819956,Not Recommended,300570,23358734,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,benjamin20104,"The game looked good at first three minuttes, but then it became completely boring!!"
76561198022516551,Not Recommended,300570,29262478,Posted: 14 January,all,noah1786,"great game, randomly deleted everything.0/10 im angry."
,Not Recommended,300570,25267125,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,revalation,"Found this game quite boring and not that fun , shame as it does have potential i think it would also be quite fun if you had a ""sandbox"" Option."
76561198272042964,Not Recommended,300570,29705105,Posted: 4 February,all,kimhuggins,trash
,Not Recommended,300570,28193139,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Wow_Nation,Worst game ever do not buy.
,Not Recommended,300570,17167575,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Archeagus,"Game crashes randomly from the start. Crashes during intro, crashes trying to change options menu. Crashes trying to lay down blocks during tutorial. Each time, the game audio continues and SEEMS to be responding to input, but the screen is frozen and will not update until the game is force-closed. The game is unplayable on a high end system that has no problems with any other titles."
76561198068135337,Not Recommended,300570,16379113,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[BS] Fridge Lord,"I was misled into thinking this was a game about factories where you'd have some freeform interpretation of how to solve problems, create different things, and improve on the efficiency of your factories.Wrong.Just like SpaceChem (which I played), it's just a left-brained nerd's wet dream- brain-teaser puzzles that really just revolve around spatial reasoning and working out the ""timing"" of various pieces of conveyors to make sure that they arrive at the same time and that the moving parts don't intersect.Wow can you optimize your factory by solving the spatial puzzle in fewer ""cycles"" or with fewer blocks!?  WOW!I was hoping for a production and logistics game.  I either misunderstood, or it was improperly advertised to me.If I want to do something like this I'll write code, thanks.  Because this is just basically an exercise in writing code.  With a lot less freedom."
,Not Recommended,300570,32748169,Posted: 24 June,all,headcrabbed,Wouldn't want to mis-gender you: The Game
,Not Recommended,300570,16280590,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gay Guillaume,"This game is good and well done, but holy hell, you need a degree in mechanics or asperger's in order to get anywhere meaningful, the difficulty curve is extremely steep after the training campaign, and the game doesn't explain many of the needed mechanics to make semi-successful factories.Unreccommended until it gets a better learning stage and eases down the learning curve a lot."
76561198120350973,Not Recommended,300570,16993482,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,123MGD,all i get is a pink screeni paid 25$ for a pink screen...
,Not Recommended,300570,30725350,Posted: 25 March,all,Master Sniper,"Not very exciting, all you do is look around and build things"
,Not Recommended,300570,17635215,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,FUCBOI FLOOBY,WIERD AS ♥♥♥♥. unless you really want to be challenged i dont recomend this game. i wasted my money
76561198084086958,Not Recommended,300570,17085772,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Haze,wast of money and time
,Recommended,300570,21372806,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Phatboy,The aliens feed you pellets if you complete the puzzles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,300570,21420382,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,McFrugal,"TL;DR: Not as good as SpaceChem, but still a fairly good puzzle game.Mainly my problem with Infinifactory is that most of the puzzles just seem too straightforward.  In SpaceChem you had to worry about running out of room to place down instructions, and making sure the waldos could loop properly.  In Infinifactory you just have to make sure things get done reliably and the parts don't get in the way of eachother.  You won't even have a problem with the latter issue in most puzzles unless you increase the speed.  Most puzzles are not complicated enough to even have to think hard about how to get things done.The plot is alright, but it likewise seems a bit too straightforward.  In SpaceChem you had huge plot twists, escalation, and the feeling of being some kind of secret super-chemist fighting against an unknowable foe.  In Infinifactory, it just feels like you're doing your job."
76561198035019823,Recommended,300570,21373657,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Paper Airplane,This game is pretty neat.
76561198002282089,Recommended,300570,21437455,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ram,If you're a fan of logic puzzles you will like this game. I was a big fan of Applied Energistics in Minecraft and this is better than that. It's a ton of fun automating all the machines and having them create the desired outcome.
,Recommended,300570,31014544,Posted: 8 April,all,幽霊,"I loved SpaceChem, so I expected I would enjoy this game too. I wasn't wrong. Infinifactory is, simply put, SpaceChem in 3D.Pros+ Challenging Gameplay+Finishing levels gives a great sense of satisfaction+The audio logs are very interestingCons-Game doesn't seem to know quite what its tone is supposed to be. The times when you interact with the aliens are funny and goofy, but the audio logs you find on the bodies of your predecessors are pretty dark and haunting. There's even adead dogwithin the first few levels. The uneven tone of the game doesn't take away from the gameplay, but I wish they had gone either serious or silly all the way/-Visually, not great. The visuals seem pretty utilitarian in their purpose. They show what you need to see with no bells and whistles. Lighting isn't great, either.-Music gets old fast, especially when spending a long time on a level. I usually play my own music unless I find one of the audio logs.In spite of the cons I've listed, I would still highly reccomend it. The gameplay is just so incredibly good that it makes up for the other shortcomings.9/10"
76561198071959318,Recommended,300570,17011821,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sampai,Is a little dark at first. Plus I dont understand what the aliens say at first. But Infinifactory is a fun puzzle game with lots of interesting levels :) 7/10
,Recommended,300570,17029008,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Infy,A good game with lots of puzzles to solve.
76561198046746883,Recommended,300570,14726937,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,L'apprenti fou,"FU***** GREAT GAME !You like puzzle and the 3D, this game is a must !"
,Recommended,300570,17059578,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sophia,"for those who want to have their mind compleatly ♥♥♥♥ed over in a way you never thought, also this game has a very dark little story behind it. i fully reccomend this game to those who love games that will challenge them in the finest possible way!. 11/10"
,Recommended,300570,17092500,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,keinsignal,"Did you play SpaceChem? Did you like it? Just skip the rest of this review and buy Infinifactory now, you can thank me later.Everybody else: this is a game for programmers, engineers, puzzle addicts, and generally anybody who enjoys using logic to solve, or create, problems. Kidnapped by a Vogon-like race of aliens, you will be forced to create machines that automatically assemble (and sometimes disassemble) an increasingly complex variety of objects. Your tools are a collection of cube-shaped building blocks - conveyors, welders, pistons, sensors, etc. - of which you have an infinite supply. There are no time limits or resource limits, just a set of inputs and a target output. The feeling of satisfaction you get when one of your creations finally works the way it's supposed to is only matched by the feeling you get when you suddenly realize how to get it working even better; shaving a few cycles off your assembly time or eliminating a handful of extraneous blocks. And if, sorry, *when* you get frustrated, there's something oddly rewarding about deliberately monkey-wrenching the works and watching the garbage output pile up to the sky. In the end, you're free to settle for hackish stupid-but-it-works solutions, or to go full ASME and devise mechanical logic gates and suchlike to produce fine-tuned precision assembly lines - each level has three ""slots"" for you to work in, so you're free to copy over designs or work on alternative solutions without throwing away work you've already done. There's even a Steam achievement for creating exceptionally inefficient solutions, which is a nice touch.The plot, such as it is, is mostly there for seasoning and is at first just dribbled out in the various atmospheric touches like your spartan quarters (containing only a bed, a food pellet dispenser, and a bathroom-like facility clearly designed by somebody who didn't know much about human anatomy, and didn't care to learn more) and the aliens' curious and misguided attempts to provide motivational rewards. Details start to emerge as you progress, mostly in recorded ""failure logs"" hidden throughout the levels, and finally things start to be spelled out in considerably more detail, after a plot twist which I guess I shouldn't give away here. There's humor, tragedy, and intrigue, all of which is really just a bonus as far as I'm concerned - like any good puzzle game, the puzzles themselves provide all the motivation needed to want to press on, and I found the difficulty curve to be just about perfect.There's a few glitches in the version I'm currently playing - occasionally you'll fall through what appears to be solid ground, for example - but fortunately your character is equipped with a jetpack so this is merely an annoyance, and not really game-affecting. The graphics are simple and clean, and this should run fairly well even on low-end or outdated PCs. I should also mention the ability to automatically record looping GIFs of your creations, which is a nice touch.This is definitely not for people who prefer their games to mostly consist of problems that are solved by shooting at them, but if the concept behind Infinifactory appeals to you at all, I can all but guarantee you're going to have a lot of fun here."
,Recommended,300570,19561660,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,St. Gibonus,"I’ll start the review this way: Infinifactory is up to now (Dec 2015) my favourite game all times. So this review might be a bit biased, but I’ll try to be as objective as I can.Ok, first off: what is Infinifactory?In Infinifactory, you build a factory out of blocks around input blocks, which you combine, wield and modify in order to obtain the output block (or structure) that you have to move to the output pad. This description doesn’t give justice to the game, I think other Steam reviews are way better at explaining the core of the game, but I’ll expand on more detailed elements of the game.Infinifactory is better described as apuzzle game, because of the way the game is structured: you have a problem, and you have to provide a solution to it. But it is apuzzle gamein a way you have never seen before (at least if you didn’t play another Zachtronic game, such asSpaceChemorTIS-100). In the sense that you don’t have a unique, inelastic solution that you have to figure out by trial and error or logic: you build your factory from the ground up, with as much (if not more) freedom as if you were playing Minecraft, but with only functional blocks. This is why I love this game so much: each puzzle have literally a near infinite ways to be solved, and each solutions has its flaws and advantages. You can strive for the most elegant factory, or maybe you want something compact and minimize the footprint count, possibly, you can go for optimisation, or you just want to get done with the puzzle and unlock the next one. Each one of those building style will lead to drastically different factories and unique dynamic problems and challenges that you create for yourself, because you are masochistic and want to be higher ranked on the leaderboard.Many people compare this game to programming, because the way problems happens and how you solve them is comparable to programming. As you progress into the game, you’ll have to remember technics that you learned on easier puzzles and use them in combination with other new technics, or adapt them to the new terrain and the new parts you are presented with.When you build a factory, you can test it with the “play” button and easily figure out where your factory goes wrong (if it goes wrong, which it will, unless you are the incarnation of God on earth) because the game mechanics are based on 3D space and very simple predictable physics. It leads to you being able to judge what happens in the factory and build it based on your visual representation of what could happen.Ok, now I won’t talk too much about the rest of the game, because the puzzles are where the meat and body of the game lies. In terms of graphics, it is good enough to be pleasing to the eye. In terms of story, it is good enough and minimalistic enough to not be distracting, and the music is soothing. All of that is the perfect storm to build a calm atmosphere which let you focus on the puzzles and building your factory 100% without losing your mind or being annoyed at all. Which is probably what puts this game over the top for me.There is Workshop support: that means you can download custom puzzles made by other people and solve them in your way. There is some really good ones, and it would be a shame to miss on them. You can also build your own maps with the in-game map editor. This one is basically a Minecraft on steroid, since the game style is voxel based, so it is easy enough, once you get how to reach your favourite blocks, to build your own puzzles.So why is this game so little popular? My guess is on the price tag: it seems a lot for an “indie” game, and people just don’t buy it. But look at my playtime, I have played Infinifactory for about 67 hours. The game is ridiculously great and has a lot of content, without for the least being repetitive or padded. There is about ten minutes of cutscence grand total, which means 99% of your playtime will be enjoying the game, and that’s without counting when you are thinking of the game not logged in, because you just thought of that cool new way of solving a puzzle in the bus or at work.So here you have it, let yourself be convinced by this review, say goodbye to your 25 bucks and say hello to 60 hours of untold fun!"
,Recommended,300570,19552419,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rozzo,Great game if you enjoy puzzles that incorporate logical thinking. It has a minecraft feel to it with block entities but it has a very fluid smooth feel to the game and a very simple yet challenging approach.
76561198031532393,Recommended,300570,18396074,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TheGonadWarrior,Spectacular game.
76561198013662416,Recommended,300570,19496110,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ButtMonkey,Spacechem in 3D!!!
76561198117146064,Recommended,300570,19510575,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Code,An awesome puzzler that will make your head hurt.
76561197984721423,Recommended,300570,14445876,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,tdg,Fun....
76561197993264460,Recommended,300570,14410724,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,schreck,Space Chem meets Portal meets Math Olympiad
,Recommended,300570,14453215,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,massEntropy,Few games force you to break down problems and solve them while keeping it fun.Keep them coming Zachtronics.
,Recommended,300570,14399993,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,[F2P] BlueBobDopePants[No sound],"Fun game that even if you were to rage quit on a level, you're back on it in the next hour slaving over a solution (Speaking from experience) And oh does it feel great to finally suceed. That fact that this is still EA blows me away.Keep those updates coming!"
,Recommended,300570,14402168,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jonnerz,Extremely fun and great sense of satisfaction upon completing every level!
,Recommended,300570,14404135,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Macdoo,"Brilliant game! Takes the best aspects of Spacechem and solves its failings (e.g. the spacechem's ridiculous difficulty curve). It's, for all intents and purposes, a fully formed release quality game.What makes it so brilliant is that the pacing means you're solving simple puzzles (e.g. how do I queue up blocks?) and then you realise you can reuse your solutions to those puzzles in later, more complex puzzles as part of a more complex machine. The feeling of having your machine pump out the perfect item with no waste is just amazing, and having the graph of how you did compared to other people really makes you want to go back and try it again."
,Recommended,300570,14407390,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JessAnovA,"Like SpaceChem, but 3D."
,Recommended,300570,14380341,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Morgan Blair (Shoukanjuu),"I'm only a few puzzles into this so far, but I can already say that it is great. I loved SpaceChem, and this is more of the same kind of excellent puzzle solving. I'm excited to see where the story goes, too!"
,Recommended,300570,14483009,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,thargy,"Fantastic game from the same team that make SpaceChem.  Can't recommend this enough, and really excited to see where they take it next."
76561198013539633,Recommended,300570,14538209,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kepa,"Now THAT is what I was waiting for... A great mind-breaking puzzle, the spirit I was missing since SpaceChem."
,Recommended,300570,14202920,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,kdrakari,"Excellent game for anybody who likes specifically problem solving; in a lot of ""puzzle solving"" games your goal is to find the answer intended by the puzzle maker, while here you can make any solution you want with a lot of room for finding an elegant solution, a fast solution, or just the first solution you come up with.Overall the game has a very smooth learning curve, I started having to think about the puzzles very early in the game but never got to a point where I felt lost or unable to make any progress on the task at hand. The pseudo-leaderboard statistics encourage replaying to find more optimal solutions, also enabled by the game saving your past solutions and having multiple slots for each challenge so you can keep your successes while still trying new things from scratch. While I may have blown through the entirety of the included levels in a single day due to my immense ability to obsess for very short times, I have yet to try any user-submitted content or attempt any interesting creations of my own. The quality of the level creator and community support will go a long way toward increasing the longevity of the game... And all that without even being fully released!That's not to say the game doesn't have any issues. Several blocks have multiple types, such as clock- / counterclock-wise rotators, horizontal/vertical sensors and welders, which take up the limited space on the hotbar. Fortunately the block selection menu can easily be used to select blocks not on the hotbar, but I'd rather have the virtually identical blocks simply become completely identical blocks to free up some space.On a related note, rotation. The reason that some of those duplicate blocks are needed is because there is only one axis of roatation available, and being able to place any block vertically would provide a lot of more appealing solutions compared to what is actually available. Maybe this was intentional in order to make the Lifter block acquired late in the game more relevant, since it's literally the only way to move anything ""up"", but even the lifter is frequently awkward to use especially on large composite objects making vertical space management very important when planning construction.The only other thing is that the levels which have ""meat"" in the title are very disturbing, especially the second one. They are skippable, so do so if you consider yourself the least bit squeamish. I held myself together, but on the second one in particular I couldn't even bear to watch the machine I created; once I knew it would work I literally stared at the wall instead, and refused to do even a second of optimization. I would be happier if those levels simply weren't in the game at all. They don't ruin the experience though, and as mentioned they're skippable.Update: After playing a little longer I found a control which is only mentioned in they key bindings list, block mode (or something like that). This shortcut lets you switch between the horizontal and vertical versions of a block that has them, as well as pushers/blockers and counter/clockwise rotators. With this shortcut it's possible to have access to every block on the hotbar (other than one block which is only available in the free-build mode)."
76561198043339069,Recommended,300570,14569426,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,warren.garabrandt,"If you like puzzle games (and who doesn't, really?), you'll like Infinifactory.  There isn't really that much of a story here per se, but the puzzles are challenging (after a gradual ramp-up, then a steep jump after you've gotten the basics), and the concepts in the game are unique.  I really enjoy playing, and I would recommend everyone at least try this out.  I'm sure it will only get better before it leaves Early Access status and is released Gold, but frankly, the core mechanics are solid in this game.I have found that some puzzles were rather challenging later in the game, but I prefer my puzzle games to challenge me to think creatively instead of being a snore fest.  I really liked the Portal series as well, but those puzzles were WAY too easy and linear.  This game requires you to think ahead, and can be especially challenging if you are trying to find an optimal solution in terms of cycle count and foot print.There were quite a few that I completed thinking ""Wow, I think I have this just about perfect"" only to find that many people found MUCH better solutions! It makes me feel like I have much to learn, and at the same time enjoy the learning experience.10/10, would buy again."
76561197979792798,Recommended,300570,14597300,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ageis,I found this game utterly absorbing.The introduction and tutorial are a little rough at this stage of the beta but once you get the hang of things its very rewarding to see your sprawling gravity defying assembly line spring into life and deliver a finished product to your evil alien overlords.The puzzles are challenging without being overly frustrating and as each stage consists of unlocking a half dozen problems at a time if you get stuck you can move to anouther puzzle and come back later rather than loose your patience. A simple but wonderfully effecive way to cut down on the keyboard punching.The game permits you to find your own effective designs and favoured ways of going about taks as more components are unlocked and you will feel like a mechanical genius each time you find a new way to use them.In short the game combines the free form building of mine crafts sandbox mode with challenging and intriguing puzzles of portal and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a building or puzzle game.
,Recommended,300570,16157384,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jusio</s>,SpaceChem in 3d.
76561198094499613,Recommended,300570,16157826,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MikeDaSpike,infinifactory is really fun and really hard. One level took me like an hour to solve.
76561198003897820,Recommended,300570,17846158,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Trip +,"Beware playing this game!I did, and now I'm sad that there aren't enough conveyor belts in my life."
76561198018509293,Recommended,300570,17555807,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,lotuspulse,A serious puzzle game that truly has multiple solutions and no limits to what you can do!
,Recommended,300570,17560941,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,shanneng,"Wonderful atmosphere, intriguing puzzles, and just the right difficulty gradient.Plus there's a terrific community in case you get ""stuck""...Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,300570,16755015,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ricky1981,"As another reviewer said, it's SpaceChem in 3D. It's a bit more accessible and a bit easier (so far) although there is more room to optimise each solution so there is plenty of gameplay here for your money."
,Recommended,300570,16691504,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,zapbark,"Simple, yet ridiculously complex gameplay.Plenty of classic ""Now how the heck am I supposed to do that?"" moments of wonder followed by the joy breakthrough.I often peek at the next puzzle just to ponder it all day at work, and sketch out solutions, or tinker with existing solutions to see how good they can get."
76561197993106188,Recommended,300570,17904877,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheJoe,Highly recommend. This game makes me feel far more clever  than I actually am.
76561197983081559,Recommended,300570,16569930,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,spinhybrid,"Not since Portal and Portal 2 has a puzzle game gotten me hooked like Infinifactory has.  I stumbled upon this game after researching the origin of Minecraft, and discovered Zach's work.  This game really feels like if Minecraft and Portal had a baby.  It's such a simple, elegant game mechanic and if you enjoy building and you enjoy solving puzzles, this game is simply not to be missed.  He's adding content all the time, and to top if off, if your game crashes or you have any kind of bug report, it goes directly to the man himself, and so far in my experience he responds and releases a fix the same day (no pressure, Zach).  Well worth your money!!!"
,Recommended,300570,16571192,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Captain Coconut,"Another great game from Zachtronics.If you're a fan of puzzle games, and have played other games from Zachtronics (such as SpaceChem or The Codex of Alchemical Engineering), then you're definitely going to enjoy Infinifactory.As customary for Zachtronics games, it's a very challenging puzzler, though I feel the difficulty is much more balanced than in previous games like SpaceChem, for example.The game mechanics are solid, the puzzles are very well designed and the challenge increases at a steady, but fair pace.It also features a nice little story, but with some pretty decent voice acting, and quite a few funny moments.And, just like in SpaceChem, there's no feeling quite like the one of solving a very hard puzzle after an hour or two struggling with it. It's just a testament to how well designed the game and puzzles are, that you can spend more than an hour on a single puzzle (the hardest ones), without feeling frustrated.Given, it's still a very hardcore puzzle game, which is really not for everyone.But if you're a fan of hard puzzles, like thinking, and want something to challenge your mind, you definitely wanna buy Infinifactory. You're not gonna regret it."
,Recommended,300570,16575700,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,X-ray,"Think SpaceChem's puzzles mixed with Minecraft's Redstone.There are endless ways to solve the puzzles, and this game doesn't hold your hand.  Which is terrific because that also means it never gets in your way.  You truly can piece together a solution to a puzzle however you see fit.  If your friends play Infinifactory too, you will find endless surprises as you compare your factories and marvel at how completely differently each of you went about a particular puzzle.  The feeling of finishing a puzzle that you’ve been working on for over an hour, and finally getting to sit back and watch it go, is euphoric.  You really feel like you created a factory.  Taking into account the game’s beautiful art style, fun mood music, ingenious gameplay, and an overall perfect execution of an incredible concept; Infinifactory is what I call a perfect game! 10/10"
76561198059673205,Recommended,300570,16508134,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Spamming Tanks,"I would definately say that the asking price for this one is fair. Infinifactory is a well-made, fun, and challenging puzzler.The real challenge comes not from solving the puzzles once through (though that can also be difficult), no, but from beating your orginal score (measured in the number of blocks you use and the speed of your completed contraption).The game is well tutorialized, but it does not hold your hand. Starting off with simple puzzles and working up to more complex ones, the learning curve is gradual, and it soon gets complicated.The visuals and soundtrack are splendid. Not mind-blowing, but who needs that anyway. They work for the game and the genre, and make solving the puzzles relaxing.The narritive elements are like icing. It adds something but is not the real substance of the game.Anyway, this is a really good puzzler and I enjoy it alot. hightly reccomend."
,Recommended,300570,14154921,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,X-Y,"From the maker of SpaceChem, it's Infinifactory! This game is AMAZING, if you're into open-ended design-based puzzle games like SpaceChem. This game is significantly easier compared to the tough-as-nails SpaceChem, but just as rewarding, and actually a lot more fun. It tickles all of those creative parts of your brain."
,Recommended,300570,14156069,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,spate,"Short version: I've finished all of the game's core (non-Steam Workshop) puzzles--or at least all of the ones that were in the game at this time--and love it. Buy if you like puzzles or making things that make things!This game is a lot of fun. It's a series of block-building puzzles, in 3D, where you're building an assembly line to produce a specific end product. It starts you off slow with 'move these objects to the recepticle', then 'fuse these objects and move them' and before you know it, you've got an assembly line stripping the broken bits off of a tank and fusing on replacements.The game shows a lot of promise. Many of the existing puzzles are still being improved, and some of the story elements seem to suggest that this is only the beginning of the campaign. (There are also a number of concept puzzles mixed in with the others that give me high hopes for what's coming down the road.) For now, other players are already designing new challenges and putting them in the Steam Workshop, so it should be a while before you run out of new puzzles to play.The developer is open and responsive to criticism, and has a dedicated subreddit for discussing feature improvements. Every level ends with a short 3-question survey soliciting feedback. If you do buy the game, please help them make the game better by giving them feedback!There are a few shortcomings (e.g., no copy/paste, no crouch key, and the labelling on some of the blocks is a bit hard to make out) but they're all minor nitpicks, and haven't kept me from finishing all the puzzles. These are all things that have been brought up with the developer, and I expect at the very least copy/paste will be addressed at some point. As alluded to earlier, the story is unfinished (though a rough sketch of at least the first half of gameplay is readily apparent!) and the puzzles don't go vertical in the difficulty department (unlike some of the later Spacechem levels). It's my guess that they have, at most, about half of the puzzles they intend to add to the base game. (And there are still at least two block types that haven't been revealed.)I heartily recommend this game if you like puzzles, or ever wished you could get something a bit more sophisticated out of Minecraft in the contraption-construction department. If you love programming, there's also a good chance you'll love this game. (I've seen way too many other programmers I follow on Twitter raving about it.) And lastly, this game is a must-buy for people who loved any of Zachtronics' previous puzzle games--but then, you've already bought it, haven't you?"
,Recommended,300570,14156847,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JamesRGB,"A great logical puzzle game in the same vein as SpaceChem but rendered in Minecraft-like blocky 3D.It's difficult to understand why this is marked as Early Access as it seems feature complete to me!It's got quality, it's got quantity... And if the developers say there's more to come then this is surely one to watch."
76561197970341272,Recommended,300570,14144315,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,StupiDolphin,"this is a REALLY fun game.  You must build a factory line from modular parts in order to produce different end products like tanks, whale food or alien furniture.the difficulty curve is high, but the sense of completetion for finishing a level is awesome :D"
,Recommended,300570,14145337,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MIDIManNI,"I have been a big fan of Zactronics puzzle games from the start. SpaceChem ia one of THE most thought-provoking games I have ever played and now comes InfiniFactory....This is another absolutely amazing game which I have seen described as ""SpaceChem 3D""...this is true, up to a point, but trust me when I say that you will not regret getting this game.Simple Ideas well executed...a joy to play!!!"
,Recommended,300570,16818978,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Andrack,"This game is 3D Spacechem. For more details, please see my Spacechem review.I still think Spacechem is the best puzzle game ever made. I haven't played enough of this to decide if this ursurps the puzzle game throne, but it looks like a good possibility so far.These games are hard to describe and intimidating to watch without having played (especially Spacechem since its just a bunch of weird lines and symbols). The best way I can think to describe it is, think of programming a loop or a method. You know what the inputs and outputs need to be and you know a few other functions/methods that you can use to take the inputs and make the outputs. These games are all about designing a repeatable process that won't fail under a heavy load.Besides the 3D, one of the main differentiators Infinifactory has is a humorous storyline that follows the ""Show, don't tell"" school of writing. I remember Spacechem being pretty wordy and not funny, but Infinifactory is the opposite!Buy Infinifactory....or Spacechem.UPDATE: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the difficulty escalates pretty quickly."
,Recommended,300570,16859077,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,zard494,"The brown pellets taste like tacos. The white pellets taste like various forms of pudding crammed into a pellet. The pellets are to delecious, I cant stop building factories for my alien overlords. help."
,Recommended,300570,16813728,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,yankeyunk,"Very cool puzzle game. I have seen a streamer stream this game and been wanting to play this. Had second thoughts about the price (as probably you do). I can say that It's worth the price BECAUSE there's so many hours of gameplay. And if you complete all puzzles, there's always ways to improve them. The learning curve is well done aswell. The puzzles start easy and start getting complex in a good tempo. If you want to puzzle, with this game you can spend some serious time puzzlin'!"
,Recommended,300570,16818612,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,CosmicFiasco,Fantastic game. Interesting puzzles. Hours of game play!
76561198057854061,Recommended,300570,14247681,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,valdakhar,I can weld whale meat together. I will build meat golem.
,Recommended,300570,16822587,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Seythi,"this is possibly the best puzzle game i have ever played. it's difficult enough that every level feels like a serious accomplishment, but at the same time not so frustrating that you want to give up. its like portal, only the puzzles are actually hard, 10/10"
,Recommended,300570,16753129,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mr Thumpy,"A fantastic puzzle game. It's rock solid stable, looks good and has lots of content as well as an interesting storyline. If you liked SpaceChem then you'll love Infinifactory.As others have said It's basically SpaceChem in 3D, concepts of reactors and piping are more or less combined, with conveyers taking the place of the latter, and the entire level being the reactor. The same concept of optimising cycles (time), number of components used and now overall footprint of components is present.Finding a solution, and then tweaking to optimise is a dream come true for us OCD types out there! The game will rank your solution for a given challenge against the population playing the game, so that you can see where you score. It's difficult, and sometimes impossible to rank highly in each area. Decreasing cycle time will increase block count for example. Improving one of the three scores will usually come at the cost of one or both of the others.Zachtronics stands out for me as a real leader in modern puzzle games. Great challenge, lots of replayability, user created content and a sandbox mode! For those that like their puzzle games, I can't reccomend it enough."
76561197991268835,Recommended,300570,15451160,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[Broder] Fabbe,Lovely game! Not for everyone but for some - who will love it.
,Recommended,300570,15680876,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MASK de Smith,"A engineer's 3D fantasy. Like SpaceChem, except more satisfying to look at the final result. Unfortunately, the puzzle design isn't quite as tight as SpaceChem."
,Recommended,300570,15780804,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,pedestrianwolf,"I purchased this game on the strength of SpaceChem and was not dissappointed.  Difficulty escalates at a good pace, super clean and smooth graphics, and a suprising amount of content."
76561197984880956,Recommended,300570,16826075,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,6ril,This is my fetich
76561198120677804,Recommended,300570,15753654,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Scorpio1004,This is the first best Puzzel game i have ever played in my live
76561197961640572,Recommended,300570,16133677,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Oddball,"If you enjoyed SpaceChem, I heartily recommend that you purchase this game immediately.  Don't let the Early Access status scare you off like it did for me for so long.  This is a feature-complete game that is just receiving tweaks and new content as it goes."
,Recommended,300570,16522091,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,sudo,"for(int i=0;i<10;i++){object.transfer();}return ""to cell"";"
,Recommended,300570,16524160,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Badgerspin,"If Minecraft and Spacechem had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love-child, Infinifactory would be the result.It's not quite as difficult as Spacechem, though I get the feeling that's going to be subject to change as it's still Early Access. Zach isn't known for making easy games."
,Recommended,300570,16531094,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Iskandar,"Insanely fun. The puzzles build on previous mechanics, and you have near-infinite freedom to solve them in any way you can think of."
,Recommended,300570,14228106,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ogrim,"I'm making factories, woo!"
,Recommended,300570,14122557,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Catharsis,Hard as balls10/10
76561198006798496,Recommended,300570,14124355,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frisbee,It's like Spacechem but you can butcher whales.
76561197970401362,Recommended,300570,14125592,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ta'al,"What it lacks in the simplicty of Spacechem's interface it more than makes up for in sheer dizzying depth - this is a worthy successor and, while extremely difficult at times, is never unfair. You'll find often that half the challenge is working around the limitation of the tools provided to you; but it's satisfying to see a complex process finally come together. It has a surprisingly good plot/story as well, where aliens abduct humans to be forced intellectual labour.If you liked Spacechem and/or have a head for puzzles, this is worth a buy even in Early Access state (which will only get better) - I haven't come across a single bug or glitch yet.Unless you count smashing your head against a desk in frustration when you cannot figure out a puzzle to be a bug!"
,Recommended,300570,14271458,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lima,This game is awesome but it breaks my brain!
,Recommended,300570,14272677,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Turtle On Crack,"Would Recommend, Very funReally fun and clever. Every problem has many solutions.I got this game because I watched someone I am subscribed to on Youtube play it. I decided to get it after he played the first 6 levels. I thought to myself ""Well the first 6 levels of the game are pretty much spoiled, that sucks"". However when I got into the game I found myself solving puzzles in completely different ways. Even though I had already seen them be solved. This just shows how many possibilities there are.The game also controls very nicely and the puzzles are not to hard, but at the same time not to easy. The solution is not immediately obvious and when you figure it out, you feel really smart.The variety of blocks you can use to solve puzzles really makes it a fun game."
,Recommended,300570,14109281,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,DariusOne,"Mechanically a 3D Spacechem and while there are ups and downs to that, it is easily a worthwhile game. Has plenty enough content and difficulty for people who haven´t completed Spacechem and is well balanced for people coming into the production-puzzle genre thing, but at least for now pales in comparison to Spacechem in variety and amount of puzzles at the hard end of things. The game for now ends aprubtly and seemingly in the middle of the story but I imagine the promised to-be-added-during-EA content will fix these problems.All and all the mechanics are there and I am intently waiting for more. :)"
76561197993473943,Recommended,300570,14277703,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,broozar,"Fantastic brain teaser. It may not be particularly pretty, cheap (for an indie title of this scope) or engaging on a story level, but the meat of the game - the puzzles and the mechanics to solve them - is so extremely well designed, it will keep you glued to your chair for hours on end. Definitely thumbs up!"
76561197985355770,Recommended,300570,14328620,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Split Jugular,Carved a whale into bite sized chunks.10/10
,Recommended,300570,14328644,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Bor Gullet,Awesome!
,Recommended,300570,14331268,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Hockquan,Great game.  When you come up with a solution you think it is absolute genius then it gets to the graphs at the end and you realise other people have done it better than you....DAMN THEM!  MUST OPTIMISE!
76561197969050156,Recommended,300570,14358166,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Desperado,100% positive reviews...just buy it already.
,Recommended,300570,14158007,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,_4ndersc0re,"If Minecraft is the gaming equivalent of Lego, this is the gaming equivalent of Lego Technics."
,Recommended,300570,14109185,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Torquai,"I was actually really skeptical about this game at first, even started a couple of discussions about what I thought was a lack of physics and game-breaking behaviour.But I take it all back, this is one of the awesommest (ok, that's not a word, but it should be) games I have played recently.I love the fact that you can work on a level for ages, then close the game, and as you do other stuff suddenly the solution is clear.If you liked SpaceChem, this is definitely a game for you."
76561197986998279,Recommended,300570,14097900,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Luck Mostly,"AbductedWas abducted by aliens and forced to design weapons of war (probably to be used against Earth) in order to be fed.Originally intended to sabotage production and save mankind, but when presented with metrics telling me that my factory wasn't as effecient as other people's I realized that I couldn't be out-done by those noobs and now we churn out missiles like no-one's buisiness.  10/10"
76561198070044538,Recommended,300570,14099416,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Samumu,"The game is super fun.You will constantly discover new ways of doing things. This game has excellent puzzle (with fun humor here and there) and almost infinite replayability.Also, steam workshop adds a ton of new puzzles.Highly recommended!"
76561197984729329,Recommended,300570,14100110,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tuse,"Buyer beware, this will give your brain a thorough workout.Basic premise is simple, take some stuff and use it to make whatever is required. However, how you achieve this is totally up to you. This means that two working solutions for same assignment can look and fuction totally differently. There's also a system in place to compare your solutions on other players solution, comparing the size and speed of the solution."
,Recommended,300570,14940581,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Montoya,its a greate game
76561198004326733,Recommended,300570,14973319,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Phobian,"An instantly engaging first person puzzle game with controls not unlike Minecraft (though it doesn't really take anything much more than the block placing from there).Still in early access as of writing this, the Heist being the second campaign to come out adding teleporters, which forced me to solve puzzles in entirely new ways.Immensely satisfying"
,Recommended,300570,14944059,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,憂鬱 vapor 悪夢,WOWThis is one amasing game and is definitely worth buying!
,Recommended,300570,14946340,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Daoloth,"Spacechem is one of the most fantastic puzzle games I've ever played. It really is an amazing game.Infinifactory is the successor to Spacechem, but this time in a first-person 3D environment.  Although I don't see Inifinifactory matching Spacechem's elegant simplicity, it is a very interesting game on its own.  The addition of a 3D environment both enhances and detracts from the puzzles.  On the plus side, 3 dimensions to work with mean you can create some very intriguing solutions.  On the minus side, navigation in the 3D world can be a headache sometimes.While there was a storyline in Spacechem,  it almost felt secondary to the game, and you could easily ignore it if you chose (although it was interesting to read).  Infinifactory's storyline seems to be more integral to the game.Infinifactory has a dark sense of humor, which I enjoy.It is also still a work-in-progress, with many changes and enhancements having been added since I first purchased this on Early Access.  However, even in its early-access state, it does not disappoint.  The puzzles have been fun and challenging (some more or less than others), and the game has a lot of potential that, as the updates show, is being actively realized.I will say that since Spacechem was so fantastic, purchasing Infinifactory was a no-brainer."
76561197965285141,Recommended,300570,14106479,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Frizzank,Great puzzle game 5 stars
,Recommended,300570,15371993,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,theTrav,"Enjoyable puzzle game, perhaps on the easier side mentally, but satisfyingly clicky to get all the conveyor belts, rotators and welders all lined up.Some puzzles feel a bit annoyingly difficult due to missing parts that you unlock later, however it didn't significantly hamper my enjoyment.Biggest criticism would have to be the way they display your score on a bell curve at the end of each level, but don't tell you whether high or low is good :P"
,Recommended,300570,15388465,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Tjalmann,You a fan of Factorio and spacechem?Then this game is a MUST
,Recommended,300570,15393980,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"Fantastic game for mind training! :)Logical puzzles, sense of humour, smooth and nice looking.JUST MUST TO PLAY! :)"
76561197999788390,Recommended,300570,15416495,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Marx,"An incredibly fun engineering puzzle game. If you're a fan of the genre, and especially if you've liked SpaceChem before, then you should definitely give Infinifactory a try too. Don't be put off by the Early Access tag: this is one of the most polished EA games out there. The only thing missing is more content, as the campaigns haven't all been finished yet. That being said, what's included is already well worth playing, and will probably take 15+ hours to finish."
,Recommended,300570,15315955,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jap,You design a factory that creates the cells you are being imprisoned in. 10/10
,Recommended,300570,15353982,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,i3anaan,If you liked their other games (Spacechem?) You'll like this.Very good programming-like puzzle game.
,Recommended,300570,16242455,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,A Great Pangean Flying Cactus,"Infinifactory is a block-building game in the vein of Infiniminer (which Minecraft was based off) that has you build automated factories in the vein of Spacechem. Inteligent design combines with mechanics that seem simple but lead to complex gameplay and solutions, and is very open-ended, letting players make the solutions they want to make, not the ones the game forces them to make. I often find myself thinking about the puzzles already ""solved"" and thinking about ways that they could be completed more efficiently, even when I'm not playing the game. Besides, any game that has 100% (as of this review) user review reccomendations HAS to be good.In short, buy it. It's only 25 bucks.PS: I was very tempted to say I did not reccomend the game so as to keep people from thinking that Zachtronics somehow rigged the system, but it's just that good!"
,Recommended,300570,15540191,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jayzonfire,"Really enjoying the challenging game, it's getting harder and harder as you go on, I'm still learning. If you like a game to get you thinking then this will do it very well."
76561198023559435,Recommended,300570,16151490,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,josiahmanson,"It is a semi-programming puzzle game similar to Space Chem. I really enjoyed coming up with and improving upon my solutions. The controls for placing blocks are a bit clunky. It feels like there is a lot of possiblility for making cool logic circuits from conduits, but the levels never really seem to need logic gates and building logic with conduits is way clunkier than it should be which reduces the fun. Independent wires cannot be adjacent or they merge and there are no built in gates like AND, OR, NOT, which makes anything of even minimal complexity take way too much space and effort to bother with."
,Recommended,300570,16490744,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Clinton,THE BEST
76561198001931313,Recommended,300570,14251675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hard band,"This may be in early access, but it is one of the most interesting pure puzzle games I have played. The basic mechanics are extremely intuitive, with hidden depth in how you use them, creating an enjoyable and engaging learning curve, where the process of learning and experimentation is one of the major aspects of the enjoyment from this game. Each puzzle presents a unique aproach building on what you have learned in previous puzzles and every puzzle has an almost infinite number of solutions, ranging from smartly designed and effiecient, to extremely hacky and conditional, but what's great is that both of these ideas are valid solutions. This game surpasses the already great Spacechem in almost every way and comes highly reccomended despite the fact that is in early access."
76561198022751934,Recommended,300570,14251823,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Manabender,"When I heard this game described as ""Spacechem in 3D"", I shouted six words at my monitor.""SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!""I am not disappointed. With the exception of using things that aren't atoms, this game is EXACTLY Spacechem in 3D."
,Recommended,300570,14257186,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MaxTaggart,"Makes you feel like a moron when you can't solve a puzzle, and a genius when you do."
,Recommended,300570,14261128,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Taron,Infinifactory is Infiniminer meats Manufactoria. If you are into games where you have to build stuff to solve more or less complex problems this game is for you.  I would like to have more levels on this with maybe a bit more story inbetween levels and that the pusher and welder blocks could be turned up. Otherwise its a really great game.
,Recommended,300570,14317078,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kill me haha,"This game is amazing. If you like the video game Portal, you're bound to like this. It's the same spatial reasoning combined with ""Holy crap this is impossible how on earth can any human being possibly do this"" (five minutes later) ""oh my god it's so simple. I'm an idiot.""I love it"
76561198015266910,Recommended,300570,14243910,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Aske,"Awsome and fun puzzles, and being able to see how other people do, makes you wanna play all the puzzles again and again to make the better half of the graph :-) Really nice game overall!"
,Recommended,300570,14245697,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pbl,"Oh my god! They did it again!I mean, literally. Infinifactory is just another SpaceChem.So why would you pay for it once again? (If you gifted SpaceChem to all your friends, relatives, acquaintances and hated enemies, aside from having bought it for yourself on every platform imaginable, you may skip the following. In fact, just buy the goddamn game already.)Well, aside from ""new levels from SpaceChem"" being an altogether good thing in my view, there are a few *minor*, almost inconsequential differences from SpaceChem.For one thing, Infinifactory is 3D. And I don't mean it like ""OMG, they render everything in glo-o-orious 3D"" -- no, it's the puzzles that are genuinely three-dimensional, which adds a completely new layer of complexity to the game.For another, the game features an entirely new story, of which I've seen but a little so far, but which I already like a lot.The rest of it is just good old SpaceChem -- with emphasis on ""good"", because it seems that Zachtronics kept all the good parts, from free-form puzzles admitting zillions of different solutions (which doesn't mean finding a solution is easy -- OH GOD, NO!) to subtly soul-destroying difficulty curve, and from zany sense of humor to online histograms readily showing you just how much does you cherished soltuion suck compared to true masters.No, wait, they did drop one good thing -- you can no longer automatically upload videos of your solutions to YouTube. But since the game is in Early Access, there's still time to fix that.I should probably mention that I had some reservations before buying the game, and that, in particular, I was worried whether the first-person perspective would turn out to be a huge annoyance. I'm happy to report that it's not -- your in-game avatar is equipped with a blatanly unrealistic jetpack, which allows you to roam around the puzzle about as freely as a free cam would. I do think that controlling the jetpack through mouse wheel would make the experience even more smooth, and I'm not sure there's any point to ""dying"" -- momentarily -- when you fall off a cliff ohdamnforgottoturnthejetpackon, but all of that doesn't really add up to a genuine ""annoyance"", and may be fixed in the future.Lastly, if you tried SpaceChem and *didn't* like it, I think it's a sure sign you're not gonna like Infinifactory either. The two games really are very similar to each."
,Recommended,300570,14266533,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,corvus2606,"Fun puzzles and great challenges, Can't wait to see where this goes."
,Recommended,300570,14267754,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Majorlag,"Both easier to understand and beat than Spacechem, Infinifactory is still satisfyingly difficult. The only thing I don't care for is that block rotation isn't in 3 dimenstions, which would eliminate some redundant components and allow for some interesting arrangements."
,Recommended,300570,14268623,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Chris believes in Raptors,"It's Spacechem!  In 3d!Okay, that's the facetious review, but it really gives you a solid idea of what this game is.If you didn't play Spacechem, let me explain the game here.  Essentially, this is a game about moving cubes around the map via conveyor belts, rotating them into place, and attaching them to other cubes in the right way.  The challenge comes in trying to get everything to line up correctly, as oftentimes you'll find that the blocks are being delivered to you in a way that makes it difficult to deal with them.  In your head, imagine that you have several cubes of sugar.  From the left side of your table, you have a constant line of green sugar cubes.  From the right side, you have a line of red sugar cubes.  The game tasks you with building a red cube that is flanked on each side with green cubes.  Doing this with just conveyor belts and block pushers is the challenge of the game!Now, this game does a lot of things right.  The interface is very solid and the puzzles are very well thought out, allowing for a lot of creativity.  You won't get stuck on things, the game boots very quickly, and I have yet to see even a bug or a crash so far.I can only think one downside, which is after each area you get awarded a random item by the alien overlords you are working for.  This takes up about 30 seconds, and that's all the complaints I can think of.So would I recommend it?  Yes, I would, but ONLY to people who know they like puzzle games.  If you are unsure if you like puzzle games or not, pick up Spacechem and find out.  You can probably find it for almost nothing, and if you enjoy it then pick this up as well.As for me, I'm off to compete on level scores against my friends.  One of his machines scored almost 3 times better than mine did, and I sure as heck am not going to stand for such a thing!"
,Recommended,300570,14291907,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Glutnix,"I'm writing this a week after the game entered Early Access, so grain of salt.The game is amazing! Story is built great, pacing is fantastic, puzzles are brain meltingly good. I rage quit several times only to come back again an hour later to solve the problem. I got 12 hours of gameplay before unlocking the Steam Workshop features. I'm excited to see where the game goes with further chapters, as it's still early days in Early Access. If you liked SpaceChem, enjoyed redstone in Minecraft, or just like puzzles and construction in general, you'll love Infinifactory!"
76561198045446309,Recommended,300570,14307153,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,saumanahaii,"If you're a fan of devilish puzzles, you can't do better than this game.  Like Spacechem, you can see Zach Barth's engineering mindset shining through.  Infinifactory is a game about building things.  Like Spacechem, you'll have to get creative with how you use things, exploiting the simple rules to create complex behavior.  If you're the kind of person who likes finding the limits of game mechanics and where they break, this will be up your alley.  You'll need that mindset as you imagine new ways to use what you're given."
,Recommended,300570,14295216,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,4K Waffle,"Extremly well done puzzle game.Seen several solutions to puzzles & they always differ from one another.It gave me 22hours of playtime during the campaign, had fun every minute.So if you like puzzles, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,300570,14296626,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Milaha,3d space chem. Really fun if that is your thing. Feels complete and bug-free thus far despite early access status.
,Recommended,300570,14255755,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Pasta,"This game is Really interesting. And I am looking forward to play it as much as i want because now it's impossible. It is full of stucks and lags. Game is in early access and you will feel it. Because it's still have to be optimized.P.S. I played on Mac, maybe situation with Win is better.UPD: It's works good if you put a mark in options (turn on VSync)"
,Recommended,300570,19756531,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Esch,"This is an amazingly addictive puzzle game. Let your inner engineer have fun and build seemingly useless machines for an alien race! My only (minor) complaint is the dead workers you find from time to time that each have a recording you can listen to and hear their final words or whatever. The whole ""story"" mechanism seems like an after thought and it's uninteresting. They are not needed and you can safely play the game and just ignore them. Other than that this game really gets your brain thinking!"
,Recommended,300570,19784688,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Obi Juan,Successful completion of this game should come with a Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering.  I also believe I have deloped a case of Stockholm syndrome.
,Recommended,300570,19685183,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,[NcK]MasterShake|CM,"It's a Zachtronics game. Don't buy it if you do not like to be challenged.If you find yourself boggled, sleep on it. You'll be surprised what you come up with after a good nights sleep.Would recommend to any (actual) puzzle fan."
,Recommended,300570,27555910,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Berni,This game scratches the problem solving itch like none other!Being a design engineer for a living the game feels so right to be just let loose at a problem from the angle of your own choice. Solve the level with the most half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hacked together contraption that barely works or create a beutiful simphony of machines working in perfectly timed unison. Eather way there is fun to be had.
76561198120327972,Recommended,300570,27742194,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,raviolifun,"I'm just going to say this now,This is one of the best, I repeat BEST puzzle games I have ever played.Although it is a fairly difficult game, every single time you complete a puzzle the game gives you a reason to keep playing (new parts, new levels, and challenging yourself to have complete mastery of the given challenge.) And the feeling you get whenever you finish the puzzle is complete and utter satisfaction.Puzzle games aren't for everyone, but if you have a bunch of free time, I'd suggest this one. Infinifactory has been one of the best uses of my money and I think that if you buy it, it will be the same way for you.Oh, and don't let me forget the soundtrack. The soundtrack from this game must be one of my favorites from all the games I have ever played. It goes perfectly with the tone of each puzzle as the story unfolds.I'd recommend this game, let’s leave it at that!"
,Recommended,300570,14822148,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lucklobster,"Scratches the same puzzle itch as spacechem, but slightly differently. The main difference is that Infinifactory is a bit more straight forward, the puzzle solution does not need to effectively ""reset"" after each completed item becasue there is no waldo equivalent. This means there is less need for cicular thinking, making the game arguably easier overall. The only criticism I have is that it would be nice if there were different speeds available instead of just ""fast forward."" Sometimes it would be helpful to be able to bring the entire operation to a crawl to watch the action in slow motion. But then, of course, this is still in early access, so that may be comeing yet."
76561198073348231,Recommended,300570,14782693,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Josh,If you like puzzle games i would recomment this game...Super hard but fun.
,Recommended,300570,14798242,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MindWerks,"This game is pretty fun if you like creative factory building puzzles. I personally loved it and got addicted to it, constantly reworking my puzzles for better times and footprints. It says it's early access but it seems pretty complete, unless they are still working on adding more puzzles. There are plently of already existing puzzles but more would always be welcome on a game this addicting."
,Recommended,300570,15010988,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Ymbirtt,"I played The Codex of Alchemical Engineering outside of college. It helped hone my skills for A-level computer science. I played SpaceChem outside of university. It helped hone my skills for my degree in computer science. I'm now playing Infinifactory outside of my job. It's helping to hone my skills as a software engineer.Thanks, Zachtronics."
,Recommended,300570,15007497,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,aep,"If you liked building machines with redstone in minecraft, this game extracts the good parts of it.High replay value.The story is lame, but the puzzle content is sufficient to justify the price."
,Recommended,300570,14375947,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Killua,"Excellent puzzlegame. Solving the puzzle, sure anyone can do that. But the magic really happens when you need to complete  your objective as fast as possible with least amount of resources used.Comparing your completed puzzles to see how you fare against others is also pretty awesome. One objective but with nearly an infinite amount of ways to achieve that objective.I just beat it and now I want more.Excellent game to play while lighting one up."
,Recommended,300570,14368616,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Evilass,"TL:DR at the end~!+settings to make the game not induce nauseaI highly recommend this game to anyone who loves to tinker and build. As you progress you will find some much joy while working through the increasingly difficult problems tossed in your direction!Have you played Minecraft with all of those production mods?Or played games like Prison architect where a lot of joy is finding solutions to knew; ever-growing problems?Even if you aren’t that great at solving the puzzles there is still fun to be had, as they've included an in-game difficulty switch. Is the puzzle too hard? Then turn your production number downward to a negative number. You'll get fewer points for production; however, the puzzle becomes easier to solve! —Perfect right? The best part is it works in the other way too!!! You can increase the difficulty to get your production numbers increased. The scale starts at 0 and has a min of -10 and a max of +6. As another layer of challenge and skill (as if it was even need!) you also get a 'foot print' graph as well. So the next way to play is finishing the puzzle with the least amount of pieces possible.It is excellent, because you can reiterate your designs and track your progress and compare your progress to the community. You feel very accomplished when you see your production line running non-stop at the end of puzzle.This game is a large ecosystem of problems with virtually infinite solutions. You are given all of the tools required to build it in any way you choose and better yet these components utility are taught to you in individual puzzles as you go (much like portal). So there really isn't anything overwhelming you; it is a very progressive game, building on your previous knowledge. This game is great for all skill levels of play! The only thing you need is a desire to grow and move forward.And I haven’t even started talking about the story of the game; which, is only adding to the experience. There is a wonderful and mysterious world to discover. You learn more about what is going on as you play and listen to audio recordings. And you feel accomplished when you get your next batch of pellets and reward. (And that is where I’m stopping, because you need to just experience it yourself, without me ruining the surprises.)This overall feels like a finished game as well. I personally believe the game is finished and the only reason the game is still in early access, so they can get player feedback and testing. Perhaps they will add more levels, but there is already a huge diverse pool OCEAN to interact with. (And player generated levels on top of all that!!!)It’s just a shame really, when you realize people get paid to do this work in the real world and here we are doing it for free, because it is entertaining. (Perhaps some people out there will realize there calling is designing assembly lines.)And did I fail to mention how hilarious things can be when you watch your creations fail too. Just watching everything backup and crumble in fast motion will give you a chuckle. Perhaps later in the game or in development they’ll add things that can catch fire and blow up your assemblies if you don’t have proper distance or safe assembly practices! (At this point I’ve only got about half way through the blocks on the level selection, so I don’t know if there actually isn’t)~!!!!!!Also this game will cause nausea, so I suggestion going into options and A) making look sensitivity min, B) Field of view dropped to 60, and C) Uncheck 'Camera Wobble'Or play around until you have settings you enjoy!!!!!~TL:DR – This is an excellent puzzle game with a wide range of difficulty and challenge; don’t let the early access stray you away!"
,Recommended,300570,14369756,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dknighter,"This game is incredible! Ignore Early Access there is a lot of content on the game and it has workshop support so you can download other peoples puzzles. This is one of the only early access games I have not regretted buying, it's a perfect puzzle game which really gets you thinking and planning. 10/10"
76561197982828746,Recommended,300570,14304321,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,jmvizanko,"Wow!  This is the best puzzle game I have every played!Like many have said, this is, in a lot of ways Spachecm in 3D.  However there are some fundamental differences.I am NOT a Spacechem Mozart.  Some of you guys make me feel like a complete idiot.  I'm the player that is simply happy to find a working solution, optimization (largely) be damned.  And in this game I feel the spatial freedom is the ultimate thing that makes finding any solution that much less challenging than in Spacechem (not that it is not challenging!).  I am sure many of my solutions so far use 3-10 times as many blocks as are necessary for the perfect solution.  But I don't care!  After laying down a few hundred blocks, correcting my logic and paths hundreds of times, and wanting to throw my laptop out the window, it is just as rewarding as when I managed ANY solution later in Spacechem.So that being said, I can't speak for the depth of the challenge here being satisfactory for the Spacechem geniuses out there.  This game is much more accessible and beautiful, and I have already gotten much further than when I basically decided to give up on Spacechem.  If you gave up on Spacechem, and was disappointed in yourself for doing so like I was, you should ABSOLUTELY play this game.  If you are a Spacechem Mozart, you will have to rely on other reviews.  But then, you've probably already beaten this game......Two things must absolutely be done though to make this game perfect.  Although, even without them, I still give this game 10/10.1. MULTIPLE PROFILES!  FOR GOD'S SAKE MY WIFE WANTS TO TRY IT!2. A way to make videos of your solutions."
,Recommended,300570,14348712,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The A-Machine,It's strange how something so absurdly frustrating can also be so satisfying.
,Recommended,300570,15162417,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GauntletWizard,"This is the ultimate expression of 3d finite state machine games. If that's meaningless to you, don't worry; It's also the ultimate expression of minecraft-like puzzle semantics in a quirky little world of engineering for not-so-benevolent space frog overlords."
76561198049123826,Recommended,300570,17485598,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,m0v1c,Well so far it's been fun with a great sense of reward when completing a level. Not a puzzle game that leds itself to chance or button mashing skills. Hope it continues to engage.
,Recommended,300570,17476031,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Inami,Very satisfying game.
,Recommended,300570,17380036,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,intangir,I'm really enjoying this gameit kind of reminds me of designing redstone devices on minecraft which i also enjoy
,Recommended,300570,17388376,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,stoicfaux,Pros:  Ctrl-Z will undo your changes (and Ctrl-Y will redo them.)Cons:  The Ctrl key will turn off your jetpack.
76561198077782561,Recommended,300570,17388447,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,sigfried,Just a fantastic puzzle game!  I was nervous after playing SpaceChem as to how well 3D dynamics would work.  Now however I'm thoroughly convinced that this is my favorite puzzle game
,Recommended,300570,17388836,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Templar,Addicting. Challanging. Amazing. I love it.
,Recommended,300570,17391778,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Eathren,"This is hard. This is impossible. This is BULL.Finish it, come back a few levels later, ""Oh man.. this is so easy...""Fantastic game, 9/10."
,Recommended,300570,17369009,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Free-range Jimmy a.k.a. BIG PAPI,"this is the most fun logic-based analytical puzzle game money can buyplus the puzzles are now in THREE dimensions, adding a new layer to the potential for ingenious solutions like onionyou will find no other puzzle game as gratifying to be successful incube/10 would weld4dayz"
,Recommended,300570,17371507,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,zxycat2,"so fun,while not very diffcult,great game.plus:the atmosphere and story line(?)is quiet good."
76561198059929349,Recommended,300570,17441232,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Huo Yuhao,"Definitely fun, find myself absorbed in it for a stupid amount of hours a day."
,Recommended,300570,16826550,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Fant,Really nice puzzle game in the same spirt as SpaceChem. Well worth the money!
76561198020868860,Recommended,300570,16827203,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mystical Pidgeon,"Really fun minecraft-like game. It's a very open-ended puzzle game with an amusing setting/story going on. Watching your finished factory chug along producing whatever tank, missile, or whatever else gives me one of the most satisfying feelings I've had in a game in a long time."
,Recommended,300570,16832102,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BenTheElder,"Fantastic sandbox puzzle game.Also plays well on Mac, Windows, And Linux (yes, i've played it on all three); a few hiccups during the prerelease but they've been patched promptly.Zachtronics makes top notch games. I highly reccomend this is you enjoy brain-teasers. With the steam workshop integration and the in game level editor we should see plenty of challenging puzzles."
76561198030752665,Recommended,300570,16832602,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cr45h - B4ng - W4110p,I would do sexy time with this game. I also do a sexy time on spacechem. Much sexy time. Extreme power.
76561198077799925,Recommended,300570,16832928,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Verios44,"I have been playing Infinifactory from its initial announcement and Early Access.1. one of the best puzzlers I have played in a long time2. you actually have to think3. the challenges do not get easier, rather harder4. The workshop content is... AMAZING5. If you like brain teasers and enjoy having to take migrane pills because you cannot figure out a puzzle in infinifactory, than this game is for you."
,Recommended,300570,14186109,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Maverick,Love this game!!  I recomened it to any puzzle game fan or anyone who is interested in engineering!
,Recommended,300570,16835893,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jubez,I underestimated how complex this 3d puzzler is.  Its hard to describe its workings. Sort of reminds me of portal a human is taken put into a maze and must use his human brain to outsmart his adversaries.  Im only half way through and i am completely stumped.  I am about to ring china and get some tips of assembly line process's.  On clocking this will Complete the review.  Not bad for $20 tbc
,Recommended,300570,16816129,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Thermospore,"Tough puzzles + great story line + replayability (in form of optimizing your puzzle solutions). Amazing game. Thank you for another favorite, Zachtronics!"
,Recommended,300570,14406515,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nikuhodai,"I wasn't able to fit work, sleep and Infinifactory into my schedule. Clearly sleep had to go.10/10 would not sleep again.Incredibly polished for an early access game and receiving regular updates as of this writing."
,Recommended,300570,19115943,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,KilfordBrimley,The only difficulty setting is your own dumb brain.
76561197970760320,Recommended,300570,19403725,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Aircool,"tl;dr - great game that will keep you awake and keep you interested. 10/10Fantastic Puzzle Game.  You'll want to beat your friends' scores. You'll want to go back to each puzzle after a while to optimise and streamline.  The game rewards creativity and logic as well as just fudging solutions and some happy accidents.  The production lines themselves are simple to build (especially if you're used to minecraft) and the interface is really easy to use.The story is great as well (no spoilers), and speaking of spoilers, I haven't gone searching the internet for solutions or tricks as that would kind of spoil the fun.The only annoyance is I keep hitting the 'stop' button instead of pausing, and troubleshooting/bug hunting can be a little long winded if you're factory is almost finished.  Fortunately, you can speed up time or pause whenever you want."
,Recommended,300570,17065182,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,iSpitzmaus,"Wow, this game blew my mind! It is in a way like Minecraft. And i mean not because it is block based but much more because its built around a genius idea and delivers this incredibly fun and immersive game experience.It was a boring summer morning when i decided to give this game a shot. I'd just refund it if it was bad, right? Well after two days i already had 32 (out of 48) hours of gameplay (when i ate dinner i left it on so it might ""only"" have been 30 hours)! That leaves 18 hours. Minus 14 for sleeping (7 hours a night) and we have 4 hours for 6 meals. You could say i had a blast playing this game...+ Superb game idea+ Unbelievably satisfying to solve a puzzle and watch your factory working so perfectly (seriously this is a huge plus. every gamer will get a boner from watching this)+ Creating your own level is so abnormaly easy that it takes you about 3 minutes to create a level you can then solve yourself (and share in the steam workshop)+ the story makes it even more fun (not that the story would be good but it gives you a ""reason"" to build the factories and makes everything funnier)+ Everything elsethe only negative thing:- there are no upward welders (and generally the welding of large objects) (you'll understand when you've progressed a bit into the game). The problem is that you have this genius idea in your head that you want to build and then you realize that you have to rebuild everything just because you need upward facing welders.IS THIS GAME FOR YOU?Did you not hate Protal / Protal 2? If yes then you'll adore this game!If no then you'll buy it anyway because you can jut refund it if it sucks."
,Recommended,300570,19335284,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JonnyTenebrous,"Recipe for an Amazing Logic Puzzler:Pour 1 part SpaceChem into a Minecraft crust, top with Portal, and lightly season with Stanley Parable.  Bake in Early Access.  Consume (I lie - it consumes you).  Sublime.This game is ridiculously compelling on its own, but get some friends to play and compare your solutions against and you'll find yourself caught in a furiously addictive battle of one-upsmanship.  I can't believe this game flew under my radar when it was released - it's an instant classic.  Grab it."
,Recommended,300570,19353928,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Soul4rent,Yet another fantastic game in which Mr. Zachtronics declares war on the human mind.
,Recommended,300570,19409647,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,senegrom,Veeeeery nice!
76561197993105082,Recommended,300570,19899679,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,nucleomancer,Infinifactory is a great puzzle game.I've played the first two chapters so far and there are immediately some mindbending twists to the way in which blocks can be made to fit together. This promises hours of fun.
,Recommended,300570,19902457,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Groucho Marx,Disclaimer:I love all the zachtronic puzzle games. After finishing the hardcore asm programming challenges in TIS-100 this is a nice change of pace. Infinifactory has similar logic puzzles as SpaceChem but now in 3d and featuring minecraft like building blocks. If you like logic puzzles such as Spacechem then this is a must buy.
76561197975736719,Recommended,300570,19861235,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kafir Pride,"Fun, and highly addictive.It's like someone took the best part(s) of Minecraft, and made a game out of it."
,Recommended,300570,19939405,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Radioactive Chicken,A fun and chellenging game
,Recommended,300570,19923684,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Arevan,Great game! It is pretty challenging but very rewarding. It is oozing with theme as well!
,Recommended,300570,19917232,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Stakhanov,"""It's Spacechem in 3D"" but I cannot stress enough how well the concept works. Very smooth difficulty curve that should let you enjoy most of the game as you learn it , even if your solutions end up rubbish. The struggle to implement your vision is real - you will frequently revert to trial and error.Note that you have to solve half of the game to access the workshop , it's still there - and increases the game's lifespan accordingly."
76561197981245805,Recommended,300570,20381344,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,zayaid,"This game just blow my brain11/10 whould not to be engineer becuase alien will abduct you to hell (not literally hell, of course)"
,Recommended,300570,20175157,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Moan Alisa,A really big thank you for this game.
,Recommended,300570,20173266,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr.Cake,"There is no way to easy move a group of blocks a few squares, that may sound like a bad thing but i think that's half the fun trying to solve something instead of starting from scratch."
,Recommended,300570,20020684,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alymon,"An amazing puzzle game extremely well done. I'd like to say it gradually introduces things and builds you up to complex solutions, but it's a bit of a steep learning curve.  Once you realize 1 key concept though, it's all a matter of how to implement that concept for each puzzle. However, that will just get you through the puzzles. To truly complete them in the most efficient manner possible is very much an effort akin to Sisyphus. Either way, it's a great game.  The puzzles are all wrapped around a story told through audio tapes found on others that have come before you. It's an added layer that while not needed, adds even more to the game and really makes it an amazing experience.  Love this game."
76561197960479003,Recommended,300570,20033569,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snafu,great puzzles
,Recommended,300570,20050611,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Amour,"Have traded off sleep to play this game. Building a factory is in itself rewarding, optimizing it to get better production statistics is very challenging.I would love to see statistics on factory efficiency in % of population and perhaps a way to view solutions the top ranking people had.Without all of that, still a very worthwhile game."
,Recommended,300570,20098468,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jake,"Extremely surprised by how fun this is! I didn't expect much, because the gameplay looked pretty boring but I bought it anyway due to the crazy ratings. No regrets here!"
,Recommended,300570,20103426,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Flying LumberJack,"It's a great game, If you are fan of portal, you would love this game. It's a very simple game to get started with but advances as you go along. Great game I would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle and automation games."
76561198005771171,Recommended,300570,20102058,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jonasascobassas,Such a simple concept and such a fun game. The mechanics transtaled from 2D in Space Chem to 3D in this game very well.
,Recommended,300570,20100227,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CapnStache,"Fantastic puzzle game. Your solutions will often be unique and you will feel really clever. That is, until you see the average score for solutions. Still, though! Excellent!"
76561198024845688,Recommended,300570,20112831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gorban010,"Very addictive puzzler. There are many ways to solve each puzzle so you also have some replayability trying to optimize either for footprint (least pieces required) or speed (fastest factory output). If you liked SpaceChem, this is from the same creators, except this game is a 3-dimensional puzzler instead of 2-dimensional. The challenge ramps up appropriately, but never feels impossible."
,Recommended,300570,19944223,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,wilson,Highly addicting and challenging puzzle game.+Easy controls and clean UI+Nice art style and clean visuals+Great soundtracks+Tough but fun puzzlesGet this game if you can. It's worth it.
,Recommended,300570,19960868,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MrWoks,
,Recommended,300570,19961016,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arcane`,This is an amazing puzzle game! I would go as far to say its on par with the portal games.  Both have a story (portals may be better) but there is just something about making your own mini factory that makes it so satisfying.
76561197977680504,Recommended,300570,19952686,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SAM DONT PANIC,"I usually end up building the most complicated machines I can, because ♥♥♥♥ it.but seriously this game is great if you like machines and puzzles. 10/10"
,Recommended,300570,19972289,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Linke Tjeerd,Caught me by surprise. Excellent gameplay. Mechanical puzzles are fun!
,Recommended,300570,19917806,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Superior Spidey,"This game doesn't need a story to be great, but it has one and it's awesome.They gave me a trophy for having fun. 10/10."
,Recommended,300570,20451598,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Khono,Amazing game!  Thoroughly enjoyed it.  Great sense of humour.  Very balanced levels.  It's possible to rush through without caring about score.  It's possible to spend ages on each level to maximise score.  It's possible to do anything between :)
,Recommended,300570,20447555,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kevlar,"This is an amazing puzzle game. The building blocks you have are simple with no special tricks, yet you can build some very elegant yet complex solutions to each puzzle.Each puzzle gives you a rating comparing how you've done with everyone else who's done the puzzle too on a nice bell curve. The farther to the left on the curve you are, the better. There are three different metrics too (cycles aka time, blocks used, and footprint (how much horizontal space your blocks and the materials need to move to reach the goal). All of these metrics are only governed by what you've built, so you are free to try to improve your score, and often improving one score may come at the expense of another. However you have space for three different solutions to each puzzle so you can try multiple approaches to try to improve your best score in different areas.The game feels like programming/engineering where you need to test your creations at each step of the way to make sure that they are behaving as you expect as well. You can adjust some input parameters like how often materials are provided to you (and at various speeds different materials may come out at different rates, changing how you need to build your solution).If you liked Spacechem (by this same developer) you'll love this game!"
76561198069348653,Recommended,300570,20419629,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Moneyman,"Infinifactory is a great game!I would recommend it to everyone who likes puzzlegames or had fun with redstone in minecraft. I did not thought this game has even a story, but there is one, and it is very catchy:)Every level is different and brings new surprises and interesting content. The levels also get very difficult, but still make fun.I have spent 23+ hours and i even haven't completet the story.Pros:-good story-every level is completely different and a new challenge-good graphicsCons:-you may destroy things in rage when you get stuck in a puzzle"
76561198028148716,Recommended,300570,20408676,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,caltrop,"The quintessential factory game! If you like structured, technical puzzle games this game is what you're looking for. Move, adjust, and join blocks through a simple set of tools to assemble increasingly complex goals.The interface is intuitive and smooth, polish is high, and the story is bold and charming without getting in the way of the gameplay.Just a really well made game with a fantastic and addictive concept."
,Recommended,300570,16828853,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,uewebawo,"Another game from Zachtronics that I cannot recommend enough. Many people are calling it ""SpaceChem in 3d"" which is a fair description, but doesn't really capture the fun of finally guiding your blocks through twists and turns to get them synced up and in the right position at exactly the right time to have your construct output correctly.The overarching storyline is a bit minimal, but the real fun is in solving the puzzles in new ways. There's that sense of accomplishment when you see your machine completing the task, especially when your results compare favorably with the global statistics. There are audio logs from previous solvers scattered throughout the levels which add to the world, but are not needed to enjoy the game.As with SpaceChem, on occasion, I find some puzzles to be immediately obvious even at later levels, while others I sometimes have to think about for a while before a possible solution emerges. There are also some quirks of which control block takes precedence that you will have to work around and/or exploit to get the jobs finished.Community created puzzles are available in the Steam Workshop, but prepare to be challenged by them. The community seems to pride themselves on devious puzzle crafting.Overall, one of the most fun games I have played all year.My official game of the year for 2015!"
76561198033488362,Recommended,300570,20455169,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,adrenalynn,Recommended! Great puzzle game with a great atmosphere. One of those games you really want to get all achivements
,Recommended,300570,20465109,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Primogenitor,"Excellently balanced first-person puzzeler. Every level had me thinking ""Yes, I am brilliant, I solved it. Whats next? Oh. How the **** do you expect me to make that?!?""Plus the writing is reasonable too, which is an added bonus."
,Recommended,300570,20497034,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Crawl,Fun!
,Recommended,300570,20339666,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ratboi,"The tutorial is so smooth, and the story as it makes you want to figure it out is so motivating, that I can say this is the most satisfying puzzle game I've ever played. Worth spending $24.99."
76561198025050560,Recommended,300570,20337018,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pavenger,"I absolutely love this game.  The game gives you the tools needed to complete the puzzle and its up to you how you want to go about solving them. The game can be frustrating at times, but that makes the reward of solving the puzzle that much more satisfying. Infinifactory is a good challenge and I look forward to what the next puzzle is going to require me to solve."
76561198001738476,Recommended,300570,20621880,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Eisenwolf,"If you are looking for an innovative puzzle game, this is it.This game is so much fun, especially when friends are watching over steam and try to give advice.Its challenging, sometimes very hard, but you will figure it out eventually and be proud of your inventions.9/10 would buy again :D"
,Recommended,300570,20712328,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Thorlord,"Halfway through this game and already its proven it's worth. Highly recommed this game to anyone, especially anyone who enjoys puzzle games."
,Recommended,300570,20680916,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,WeslyAdvanceSP,"If your looking for a really fun and addictive puzzle game, this one is for you! It's a really good game, and very addictive as well. Didn't play such a nice and brainbreaking game since portal 2. 10/10 for me. It's really awesome, and well worth it's price tag."
,Recommended,300570,20236414,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,- - full.of.fail,"Starts off easy and increases in complexity at a good pace. You can solve each level however you like, but one of the most satisfying things is trying to figure out the most efficient way to build your machines so they work faster or use fewer components.After you complete a puzzle, you can compare your efficiency scores with other players, which adds a competitive element. It's fun to go back to levels you've already beaten and optimize everything as much as you can. You might even want to search up videos of other people's solutions to see how they approached a problem differently - then you can incorporate their designs into your own solutions and try to come up with something even better.Alternatively, sometimes it's fun to build a Rube Goldberg machine for a more convoluted solution that just looks cool.Amazing game and well worth buying."
76561198092967252,Recommended,300570,20306465,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Malfice,Great game. Was a little concerned it would be too short to justify the price but I was proved wrong as the game progressed. I wish the puzzles were a little more challenging and complex with unlimited space they could have really been more interesting. Also the puzzles are for the most part not that difficult it would have been nice if they had upped the dificulty.
,Recommended,300570,24772411,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Spookyseer,the food pellets taste good
,Recommended,300570,16816836,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,hatesfreedom,really good puzzle / building game.  highly recommended.
,Recommended,300570,16898972,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,extra medium,"it's like spacechem, but better"
,Recommended,300570,16900451,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rebry,10/10Would gotten kidnapped again.
,Recommended,300570,16900694,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Oldspider,"A great way to keep your logic intact, especially if you spend lots of time scrolling through reviews of videogames to decide whether or not you should buy them.Pros-Very polished-Intuitive-Straight-forward-Steep learning curve-Open ended, 99% of the time there is room to make your solutions more efficient, and faster-Steam workshop support-Ease of recording GIFs, and sharing solutions with your friends-Great soundtrack-Great graphics-not buggyCons-Requires your time and effort; do not buy if you were looking for a casual game.-Takes a long time to master-For me, 30-50%of time is spent on diagnosing what has led to the malfunctioning of my assembly line; requires patience-No in-game built in solutions (I see it as a Pro)-*Spoiler*You don't get many level choices until you've completed the first campaign, which then unlocks the second campaign with different missions to choose from (level packs) and the availability of the Steam Workshop, but then again, you would only need Steam Workshop if you are really into this game, and then you would have the determination to finish the first campaign.Rating: 10/10- A lovely game worth digging into"
,Recommended,300570,16901221,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,will,"I enjoyed SpaceChem in the sense that I enjoyed the emotional pain of creating an incredibly complex ""machine"" only to discover that it reversed something somewhere along the path and it was easier to delete and start over with the lessons learnt than to try and patch in a fix -- which would inevitably work but break something else (lesson?). Infinifactory is WAY more fun than SpaceChem. I'm not sure whether to attribute that to its satisfying 3D Minecraftesque environment, or the story with all its food nuggets, VHS tapes, and trucker hats, or the wide variety of blocks that such an environment allows. Really, it's all of the above and more. Here is a game in which the developers applied all that experience and feedback from SpaceChem and applied it in a way that manages to be equal parts difficult, frustrating (in a good way), fun, funny, and oh-so-deeply satisfying.Without ruining everything, I'll say I came to what I thought was the final ""mission"" of the game and found it an appropriately complex and large build that took a good amount of thought and planning. As I watched the last completed unit pass into what we'll call the recepticle, I thought ""this was money well spent, and I'm going to go through and optimize all my earlier builds. Moreover, this was so good that I'm going to go write my first Steam review to send thanks to the devs and recommendations to other logic gamers."" That was my thought at that point in the game, and then I found out there's more. More compelling, more complex, and I figured I'd stop here, write that review, and only then get back to the next build.I've already spent a lot of extra time rebuilding machines that passed but didn't satisfy me, satisfy in the sense that maybe they wasted blocks that could have been put to better use, or managed to build the prescribed number of objects but would have broken had it been asked to cycle endlessly (just one there) without any bugs. Feels good to come away with instant feedback that tells you that you've built something as efficiently as anyone else has been able. Many won't want to strive for that type of perfection, and the truth is that I won't for all the puzzles, but the point is that they've produced an environment and the tools that make you enjoy what would under normal circumstances be a chore and not a game."
,Recommended,300570,16901467,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,necuz,"GotY 2015, screw re-hashed AAA garbage.* Looks and sounds fantastic* Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy feel and humor* Well designed campaign with decent difficulty curve* Actual achievements* Endless possibilities to make, share, and play custom levels"
76561197966617387,Recommended,300570,16901559,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kevmo,"Now when I sleep, I have dreams where I'm trying to solve normal everyday problems using blocks... nightmarish blocks falling off of conver belts, and connecting to other blocks in ways I did not anticipate.Fun puzzle mechanics with plenty of levels each with multiple and unique solutions."
,Recommended,300570,16902340,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ezra James Sharkington,"Love this game -- gets very challenging, very quickly! Very frustrating, but also very satisfying when you start to piece together the difficult solutions."
76561198024969911,Recommended,300570,16909510,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Yendor,"Do you enjoy *hard* puzzle games? Does it sound like fun to struggle for an hour or so on a problem, give up and do something else, then later have an ""aha!"" moment and go back to find that you've made a bit of progress but now hit another snag and bang your head some more?If so, Infinifactory is great! Oh, and plug for their earlier game SpaceChem. It's a completely different setup, but still HARD puzzles. Much headache!"
76561198215069827,Recommended,300570,30593999,Posted: 18 March,all,mmiked3,"A nice puzzle game. Nothing spectacular, but well worth it.I feel like the developers wasted a chance to make a more immersive experience if they removed the option menu where you select the puzzles, and replaced that with some kind of mini level or teleport. Perhaps a small computer console standing next to the teleport would allow you to select the level to play. The way it is currently, I'm constantly reminded that I'm playing a game.Anyway, thumbs up for good puzzles which is the main reason I got it."
,Recommended,300570,18940916,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,deeptracks,As of today the best Zachtronics Game yet. Sadly some of the levels feel a bit more like a chore than a Challange but overall the Game is quite fun and rewarding.
76561198008001473,Recommended,300570,16875771,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,edisn,Pretty good factory/Logic game.If you dont know if this is your kind of game you might check one of the other games of this type first.(e.G.http://www.kongregate.com/games/duerig/tile-factoryif you liked that you will most likely enjyoi this one too)
76561198031665861,Recommended,300570,18863333,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Morbo,"Yes, get it, with or without trying other Zach games, this game is an amaizing puzzler, analytic, creative and re-playable game. Some other considerations to it:At first I was very sceptical with this game. I thought that the 3D building component of the game will be tiresome (running around putting dozens of pieces for a neat completion is not small task) but is actually what I like the most, the 3 dimensions for solving the problems.They fixed some mistakes done in Spacechem, like the saving system (now you can have three solutions (cycles, footprint, blocks optimized in the same profile). Actually optimize for footprint is another thing that I love about the game.Puzzles are varied, challenging and original. There are uncountable ways to solve them. Learning curve is good (maybe a bit slow if you're a veteran to Zachtronics games)."
76561198108258218,Recommended,300570,29328823,Posted: 17 January,all,Brandon_bman,"Good game with a lot of value, but the price is a bit high so I would recommend getting whenever it's on sale."
,Recommended,300570,29348150,Posted: 18 January,all,[tYKW]Mix999,"This is not your typical puzzle game. It's much better than that. There are no proper ""solutions"" like most puzzle games. You will only be limited by your own ingenuity and skill in creating your own unique solutions. Fantastic, 10/10, would factory again."
,Recommended,300570,14950265,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ⱴ,"This is one of the most under-rated puzzle games on steam in my opinion, and the best Zacktronics has ever produced.Like any of Zacktronic's other games, the puzzles are unique, challenging, well balanced, and fun. The story is interesting -- far more so than any other of their games. I cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,300570,28815967,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,-=S  C  R  O  N  C  H=-,"I saw a short video of this game a while back displaying some of the gameplay. I thought the concept was really cool, and the gameplay looked smoothe, but I didn't really pay very much mind to it after that. Until it showed up one day in my dicovery queue, and, being the curious person that i am, I picked it up at it's Christmas sale price.I was completely blown away by just how fun this game is. Creating large assebmly lines and factories and watching all the small storage units come through from a nice top down view, or witnessing the creation that you spent hours on make a tiny mistake somewhere in the middle and fall apart with storage crates piling up and falling off cliffs due to your small error, and then procceding to pick apart your assembly line piece by piece to find that tiny little mistake.On top of this amazing ""create-> test-> fail-> change-> succeed"" style gameplay, there is a dark, but still somewhat goofy plot, that made me shed some tears in the early game. The unnerving corpses that litter each level, each one holding the last recorded audio log before they failed their task. This game brought me right up to my screen with so many different emotions. And, dare I say it... The dog. Being an overall animal lover, and an owner of a dog myself, witnessing the horrors that lie in that one level brought me to tears the moment I picked up that audio log, and really brought to light the horrific acts commited by the games antagonists.9/10"
,Recommended,300570,20262238,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nem,"Very well made puzzle game that puts you in the shoes of an abductee performing seemingly menial (well in the beginning anyways) tasks for some evil overlords.There is a nice score system that depends on the total footprint of the build as well as blocks used and how many cycles it takes to meet the target. This makes you strive to do better and use your head in order to optimize production, this makes replaying levels much more fun  (at least for me).Give this a shot if you like games that pose a challenge, similar games are Spacechem and a little sprinkle of Factorio.Possibly the best game ever according to me :D"
,Recommended,300570,29135926,Posted: 8 January,all,Kryptos,"It can be really challenging, but like most puzzles you get better as you play. I found it was pretty fun and enjoyed the game for the few days I spent playing. I would recommend it as it is one of the better types of these games out there."
76561198095133514,Recommended,300570,28981384,Posted: 3 January,all,ROCKERPHOENIX93,One of the best puzzle games i've played. Its a must try!!!
,Recommended,300570,28842645,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pyroman,"WARNING! this game is very addictive and will take all your time. That is, if you are into puzzle games like me.I would also recommend this game for every Minecraft fan out there."
,Recommended,300570,28833953,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RealLifePudding,"Not as challenging as Spacechem, but as much fun. And in 3D !!!! (WOHA BUZZWORD!, MUCH WOW!)Really satisfying puzzle game, worth every cent. Though I bought it in a sale 50% off."
,Recommended,300570,28892363,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,blueblimp,"My favorite part of Zachtronics games is the feeling of moving tangible objects in the game world. That's what elevates it above awkward programming for me. Out of the Zachtronics games I've played, Infinifactory captures this aspect best.The workshop integration also adds a lot of value. The built-in puzzle design, as in all Zachtronics games, tends to favor big-and-messy puzzles as the game progresses, and I'm more a fan of small-and-clean puzzles. Many of the workshop puzzles offer this sort of design, in particular Aap op Sokken's ""Way Too Fast"" series.Compared to 2D Zachtronics games, it is less challenging to complete puzzles in Infinifactory because having 3 dimensions available means you are less space constrained. Those looking for pure difficulty may be disappointed, but for me the increased immersion makes up for it."
,Recommended,300570,28891223,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,A puzzle game that actually made me think. It also kept me thinking after I've quit the game up until the point where I've figured the answer out to a puzzle so that I relaunch the game. It's neat!
,Recommended,300570,28956828,Posted: 2 January,all,Mikeycantoon,"Okay.  Well It's the first day.  I'm over 12hours in.  Just kinda of a random buy on the Steam Holiday Winter Sale.  Saw that it has pretty good reviews and most off comments were basically from people who either were gifted the game and they weren't into it or it's being labled as too difficult.  Neither comments I don't get.  If you were gifted the game and didn't like it because it's not your thing, why go write a bad review?  I don't like lots of games, I don't go finding their pages and writing bad reviews for them.  As for it being too hard.  C'mon.  Keep trying.  It's great for creative thinking.  I was on a puzzle for over 4hours but finally got it.  I ended up starting over the puzzle and re-thought my strategy and got it.  It's a great little gem."
76561197993496227,Recommended,300570,31086251,Posted: 11 April,all,Sir Real,"This is a fantastic example of a problem-solving puzzle game.  If you're familiar with Zachtronics' other titles and liked them at all, stop wasting your time reading this and run-do-not-walk to the ""buy"" button.If you're not familiar with the genre or the other titles, let me put it like this: you're building a factory.  You get some collection of stuff in, and some tools (conveyor belts, welders, etc) which you arrange into a production line to build a specific requested product.  You have essentially infinite freedom for what to build, and the _first_ puzzle is figuring out how to make what you want.Then things get a little OCD.Every solution you build to a puzzle is scored on three factors: how fast you solved it, how many pieces you used, and how ""big"" your solution was (for a measure of bigness that is not worth trying to define here.)  And it shows you how well yours scored compared to other users who have played the game.  Even if you're not the competitive type, it's awfully hard not to look at the fact that someone else solved it in half the time, think ""That's impossible!  Well maybe if I..."" and look up 4 hours later from the ruins of your civilization to realize that you are now addicted to this game.  Often times optimizing your solution one way will make it hilariously inefficent according to one of the other two scoring factors, so you'll end up solving the same problem many times.The game is also set in a quirky-but-dark setting with a nice touch of humour.  It doesn't impose on the gameplay much (yet) but it does add a nice tone.  The interface is quick and intuitive.  The music and art assets are well-done, and the support is nothing short of phenomenal - I emailed Zachtronics with an issue and got a response from the developer within minutes (not that you should expect that every time, but I was still impressed... especially since the issue was actually User Error.)Thanks Zach!  Great game!"
,Recommended,300570,27919647,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,anakin0,"Simply a must-play for any Zachtronics fans and programmers out there. SpaceChem is really awesome, but watching a perfectly-built (by you, after long toils of design and debugging) factory churn out completed products in 3D is really a magnificent experience that you will not soon forget."
,Recommended,300570,27799580,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nameless One,Incredible and hard as hell puzzle game. Awesome!
,Recommended,300570,31093119,Posted: 12 April,all,ZuphCud,This one is for the most intelligent of nerds. It challenges your analytic capabilities in a most pleasant way.
76561198032048853,Recommended,300570,28176469,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,litten8,"Spacechem was amazing, but the one slightly annoying thing about it was that it wasn't 3D. I got this game because the developer has said it is ""Spacechem, but in 3D!"". It is a bit like space chem, but it has a lot of the really annoying things that make this overall way more frusturating:1. Welders are SO ANNOYING!!! they can't be turned off, so you have to be more careful with them then bonders in Spacechem.2. lack of vertical transport. If it ever shows up, I got too frusturated early on to get to it. If the input and output are on the same level, it's essentially 2D3. lack of story. Spacechem had a story, but this is just aliens yelling at you.EDIT: all these things are annoying, but if you stop  thinking of it as like spacechem, it gets much easier and more fun."
76561198025288854,Recommended,300570,29216612,Posted: 12 January,all,Xyrael,Best first person puzzle game not named Portal. It's like if Valve took away your portal gun and gave you Minecraft redstone.
,Recommended,300570,31148882,Posted: 14 April,all,BIG OOF,One of the best examples of game design to date
76561197984598532,Recommended,300570,31192595,Posted: 16 April,all,ConnorsSilverpaws,"Beautiful logistic puzzle game with, to be clear, no survival gameplay. Great in small doses.Definite get when on sale, since $25 seems way too high"
,Recommended,300570,31347772,Posted: 24 April,all,TinTans,"If you liked space chem, you'll love this too!It's a fantastic game all about optomising, testing, failing and failing again!Sometimes you hack together a solution that makes no sense, but it works... kind of... but what matters is that it does the job - Just like making software in the real world!I would also recommend playing with subtitles as they can be fairly funny for the sound effects sometimes"
76561197998822451,Recommended,300570,31305470,Posted: 22 April,all,Crescend,"Zachtronics has a history of creating highly acclaimed conveyor / programming logic puzzles, ever since their cult hit SpaceChem. Their other games have been 2-dimensional, but Infinifactory brings the same formula into 3D.The addition of 3rd dimension adds a whole lot more space for creating solutions, which can be both a good and a bad thing. Having more space can make solutions turn rather messy towards the end, where the conveyor belts can zigzag wildly among multiple levels of elevation, whereas 2D map restrictions forced a certain level of optimization to make the most of limited space. On the other hand, 3D offers far more possible solutions to any given puzzle, so wider range of players are able to find an answer eventually.The campaign difficulty is decently challenging but not too hard. For the most part the game leaves you to figure out your own tactics and favourite setups with the blocks you're given, which you earn gradually while progressing in the story. The story is rather weak though, and only starts to open up later in the game. The game's also rather visually simplistic, which worked just fine for the 2D puzzle games but sticks out a little bit more in the 3D environment. Still, neither really bothers anyone who's simply absorbed in the puzzle solving.The game tracks how well your solution was optimized, based on time, blocks used or how much space your factory takes. You can compare scores with your steam friends, or see where your score lands among the entire playerbase, so you can always go back and optimize your solution to compete for best scores. If you'd prefer more tangible goals besides score hunting, there's a good handful of achievements which require a certain score within certain levels, which often requires you to fully rethink your entire setup to complete.This game is a solid entry in their library and I have no problem recommending to fans of puzzle games, but in my opinion this isn't quite as good as their other titles. Give it a try, if you're in the mood for a puzzle game."
,Recommended,300570,33073754,Posted: 1 July,all,TWHou,"Awesome game.I love how there are so many different ways to approach the puzzles, with very differernt solutions.Many of the puzzles are brain twisters for sure."
,Recommended,300570,33990102,Posted: 3 August,all,Zayfod,"A really superb puzzle game, Infinifactory takes the basic structure of Zachtronic's previous game SpaceChem and expands it both into the third dimension, and in the variety of tools at your disposal.Infinifactory is a surprisingly well paced game, which keeps things fresh by introducing new mechanics on a regular basis, and has ""pallet cleanser"" levels after the particularly difficult puzzles which have you do some rather silly and somewhat macharbre things."
,Recommended,300570,33991159,Posted: 3 August,all,SirAox,"I really like this game. If you like puzzle games and logic thinking this is for you! Only warning i would give is that its a steep curve, definately not the easiest puzzle game, but thats a positive thing imho."
76561198064819781,Recommended,300570,33996522,Posted: 3 August,all,Belligerator,"Best ever!! If you like Space Chem, you'll definitely like this game!!"
76561198030205296,Recommended,300570,34070551,Posted: 6 August,all,Lusthawk,"Perhaps the best puzzle game I've played to date.  Other than the creative ways you can come up with to solve, the story actually becomes very interesting... without giving much away, if you play through long enough you start to see it unfold.  Worth."
,Recommended,300570,25620356,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Hyldago,"This game is fantastic and it has both enough content and variety to justify the price.Now that the summary is out of the way let me talk about the difficulty of the puzzles because that's really not so easy to summarize. Basically a great deal of the early puzzles can usually be solved by using the same solutions over and over with a few tweeks each time. But unlike other puzzle games where the point is just to solve the puzzle and how you do it isn't very important, Infinifactory asks you to get creative with your solutions. You are judged on how quick, efficient, or costly (number of parts used) your solution is and how difficult each puzzle is or much fun and enjoyment you get out of the game (especially the earlier levels) is based on how much you try to optimize your solutions. You can never optimize all three categories and the game doesn't expect you to since the categories aren't comparable. Is making the solution take 20 cycles longer worth reducing the power cost by 5? Who knows and who cares. You choose one category and try to max it. You'll also find that solving for one category asks you to solve completely different problems than solving for another so you can try switching it up if you ever feel like your solutions are getting stale. But more importantly is that when you try to maximize for something the specifics and layout of each level become much more relevant to your solutions. This can change the solution for each level drastically and will require that you do something different each time.There is also a fourth category you can optimize and it's creativity. The game doesn't judge you on it but chances are if you're interested in Infinifactory you probably like the idea of building contraptions. Many times during a puzzle I would think to myself, ""I wonder if I can do this"" or ""Would that even work"" and I'd end up ignoring the categories and just building something that looked cool or was super intricate. With completely open ended puzzles and millions of correct solutions the game always lets you build the solution that you want to."
,Recommended,300570,34012199,Posted: 4 August,all,Billybobble,"The satisfaction you feel from solving the simple, yet fiendishly tricky puzzles is what makes this game amazing."
,Recommended,300570,34006563,Posted: 3 August,all,Kronicmage,"As someone coming from games like Factorio, redstone in Minecraft, or things like TIS 100, Infinifactory scratches that itch perfectly. You know, the itch to optimize. The itch to improve. The itch to hack together an abomination of a machine and laugh maniacally as you watch your frankenstein of a factory actually work."
76561197974872538,Recommended,300570,34006901,Posted: 3 August,all,leebruk,Very challenging. Great game.
,Recommended,300570,34005293,Posted: 3 August,all,G. [Grisha] Callen,---Infinifactory---A strategy and a puzzle game that will make you think about what's going on.I recommend this game for everyone who likes unknown feelings.
,Recommended,300570,34129371,Posted: 9 August,all,A_Fuppy,"An incredibly fun game, but also incredibly challenging and has very slow progression.It took me about ten hours to even unlock the community workshop, it should be unlocked a lot sooner"
,Recommended,300570,34129731,Posted: 9 August,all,spartounet,"Great puzzle game.My brain is not particularly designed for puzzle logic games but when I finally find the solution to a level, it feels so good and rewarding!I liked SpaceChem but I loved this game, great job team!"
,Recommended,300570,34138455,Posted: 9 August,all,Ensvey,"I was already a fan of Zachtronics games, but this one is my new favorite by far. More intuitive than the rest, and maybe a little easier on average - and I mean that in a good way. This one isn't quite as exacting as SpaceChem or TIS-100.Very satisfying to perfect your solutions and see your creations in motion. I think I can actually beat this one!"
76561198036114753,Recommended,300570,34197169,Posted: 12 August,all,EntropyFTW,I wish I could play this game forever
76561197985548349,Recommended,300570,17528539,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Jigglywocks,"""What do you mean the sun's already gone down?""Chances are, if you've got even the most minor twitch of OCD, you'll be at this game all day and half the night just trying to tweak the assembly line and make it a bit more efficient. Personally, I take delight in making my production processes as inefficient and wasteful as possible. I'm here against my will, after all! Take that, Alien Overlords!"
,Recommended,300570,34179007,Posted: 11 August,all,HYUTS,Minecraft + PortalHurts my brain10/10
76561198037126927,Recommended,300570,35056732,Posted: 18 September,all,jan-karl,"A must-have game for problem-solvers and engineer-types.In the game, you design factories to build various finished products needed by your alien captors.  The levels introduce new ideas in a gradual way, and then build on those ideas with more and more challenging levels.  There is no ""right"" way to solve a level, which allows you to be creative and to try out different ideas.  You can also compare your solution to others' via a few metrics to see how your solution stacks up.I found the levels to have a massive amount of replay value.  I enjoyed iterating on solutions to streamline them, looking at other peoples' solutions on youtube for inspiration, and revisiting older levels when I was a more advanced player.  And, even if you do beat the game and solve every level with maximum efficiency, there are user-created Steam Workshop levels which introduce even more new ideas and challenges.The game also has a light but coherent story, a sense of humor, and is fairly polished.Infinifactory is also much bigger than you think it is.Just when you think you have beaten the game, an entire second campaign is unlocked, with a ton of new levels, a lot of new and interesting ideas, and builds on the story in a satisfying way.Some people have mentioned the ""physics"" of this game.  The engine has what I call ""Game of Life"" physics, by which I mean:  All the blocks are constrained to a grid, and a block can only move one square per cycle.  It's very intuitive when you play it, but it is definitely not ""real life"" physics.A+, 10/10, one of my favorite games."
76561198141833995,Recommended,300570,35174745,Posted: 24 September,all,jesper.anteryd,"A great Puzzle-Game with at least 100h of gameplay, and then of course you have a living workshop community :DThere is also incitament to aim for more effective solutions, since one can compare ones solutions with the global statistics.Have fun!"
76561197992059881,Recommended,300570,35235420,Posted: 26 September,all,Matthew,"Infinifactory is the most approachable of the Zachtronics games. This is the one I recommend to friends.Each level challenges you to build a factory to transform input blocks into the desired output. Factory parts are free, but you can't touch anything while the factory runs. If it works, great! If not, resume factory building and fix the flaw. These puzzles will challenge your skill in timing, sequencing, and 3D geometry. There's a quirky alien abduction story too!After solving each puzzle, the game displays histograms comparing your factory to other players'. I spent many hours tweaking and optimizing my factories to understand how players improved their stats. This optimization challenge is strictly optional."
