user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,300580,19401726,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sweetz,"Galak-Z is pretty thin on content.  There are basically two environment types and maybe a dozen enemy types that are just reskinned and made bigger as the game goes on.  There's a few different mission types, but they all boil down to: fly into a closed space, destroy or pickup object, get out.  Presumably to give the game longevity with such a relative dearth of content, the developers made it extremely difficult.At first I found the challenge to be mainly a product of controls, which are logically laid out, but not something I found natural.  Thruster based movement (like Asteroids) is not as innately intuitive as, say, the direct analog control over movement you get in a twin stick shooter. It's the 2D equivalent of ""tank controls"" in a 3D game.  Coming to grips with the controls took me quite a while (longer than I'd like to admit), but I did eventually get there and I found it rewarding when I could pull off some cool maneuvers without getting killed.However, once you get to season 4, the game becomes punishing and the increase in difficulty comes largely from the enemies simply having more hit points.  They still have the same basic behaviors as the early game and you still engage with them the same tactics you learned in the first 3 seasons, they just take far longer to kill.  This isn't fun.  My supposedly uber-powerful, one-of-a-kind, experimental mecha-ship feels like it might as well be shooting spit balls and using a wet noodle in place of beam sword.The early game has you learning enemy behaviors and strategies for dealing with them which is engaging (to an extent), but the latter game just asks you to execute those same actions ad nauseam with near perfect dexterity.  If you're college age or younger and have all the time in the world to dedicate to a game like this, have at it!  For the rest of us, Galak-Z  asks a lot and I find it gives only small nuggets of fun in return.  I understand why someone would bang their head against a metaphorical wall like Dark Souls, but this game...it's just not worth the effort to get a perfunctory cutscene with Deviant Art quality animation.   For a game that was ostensibly made to attract people old enough to have legitimate nostalgia for the 70's and 80's anime that it pays homage too, it sure doesn't seem like it was made for us.The game has great style and I like the presentation despite the low rent pretend anime, but it mostly just makes me want a game with it's style, but having a real storyline and more typical single player progression.  I need a more compelling reason to play than just beating the numbers game the developer throws at me.Apparently many people feel the same despite the positive reviews, because if you look at the achievements, the fall off between those who have completed season 1 and those who have completed season 3 is significant.  At the time of writing, even considering only people who have at least started game and registered as finishing the tutorial, less than 10% of players have gone on to completed even season 3, let alone 4."
76561198027954343,Recommended,300580,19301432,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ChefOrc,"tl;drDespite some shortcomings, the core experience in Galak-Z is really fun and satisfying. If you like challenging arcade space shooters, this may very well provide great entertainment for you.What's great about this game?- It has a quick, visceral and really satisfying combat system. You feel empowered, you have a lot of combat options at your disposal, you feel like an ace.- The game wants you to use environmental hazards as weapons, and lets you pit enemy factions against each other, which is fresh and fun.- The art, the atmosphere, and the dialogues are truly excellent and really draw you in.Just on the strength of these characteristics, I had a really good time with the game.However, Galak-Z has its share of shortcomings.- Some parts of the controls are really clunky, to the point of being unusable (at least on keyboard + mouse). The worst offender is strafing which is controled relative to your ship's direction. If you are going towards the top of the screen, pressing D will make you strafe right, but if your ship is going towards the bottom, D means strafing left. Good luck keeping track of this in a frantic combat situation where your ship goes round and round all the time trying to hit enemies. I basically finished the game without much use of strafing, which was frustrating and made it much harder than it should have been (yes, I died a lot because I was not able to strafe reliably).- The game has very little content and is quite repetitive. Every single mission, without exception, is structured identically: spawn in space, go inside the big asteroid, get object X, go back to spawn point. Rinse and repeat. And in terms of content, you have seen everything there is to see in the game after an hour of play. There is also not that much to unlock or to make you want to replay. This created a weird feeling for me because once I finished the game, I really wanted to keep playing because of how fun combat was, but the game gives you very little incentive to do so.- The game is needlessly punishing. I love hard games, I love skill-based games, but there is a difference between a hard game and a punishing game that takes away your victories from you. For me, the worst in Galak-Z is that if you finish a mission with a couple hits taken, your best strategy is simply to restart the whole thing until you ace it. If you don't, the next missions will be exponentially harder. In other words, it's easy to be 100% dead, but not knowing it yet. This is mainly because the game is super cheap on health drops, contrary to most rogue-likes in which your health goes up and down all the time. And if you purchase health in a shop, it's that much harder to be able to afford those crucial ship upgrades, which creates a downward spiral. This makes anything but a perfect score feel like a loss. Unfortunately, restarting a mission is not a quick affair in Galak-Z: with load time, dialogue time, multiple menu screens and the long build up at the begining of every mission, dying sucks twice more.Another major annoyance is that your upgrade progression is completely wiped every time you reach the end of a stage, without any narrative justification whatsoever. Just when you start feeling good about your ship and you start feeling powerful, it is ripped away from you with no conceivable reason except that this is the only way they found to balance the game? Some may say ""yeah, but it's a rogue-like, you have to accept resets"", but I don't agree: Galak-Z does not feel like a rogue-like, it rather plays like a progression-based, linear game.Bottom line:If you  think you'd enjoy a challenging and arcadey space shooter with visceral combat and a great atmosphere, Galak-Z may very well provide a good 10-15 hours of solid entertainment to you. Yeah it has its flaws, but the pure fun it provides more than makes up for it. Go try it!"
76561197982237517,Not Recommended,300580,28527915,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Angel,"I wish I could recommend this game. The gameplay is tight, the style, graphics and theme are an absolute treat. However, this game fails on a fundamental level by doing several incredibly big taboos.First: This game doesn't have an ending. That's right, it just...stops. The developer's stated reason is that they saw only a few hundred players reached the end of the latest released ""season"" so they stopped and didn't make a final ending to the game. Cool.Second: The game is divided into 5 ""seasons"" which basically boils down to 5  ""randomly"" generated missions (always one of two map types recycled to be slightly different) with one of them being a bit more scripted, like finding an npc or w/e with a boss encounter (usually a slightly buffed normal big baddie). But the kicker that makes this infuriating is that you LOSE ALL YOUR PROGRESS WHEN REACHING THE NEXT SEASON.These two things alone made me stop playing. The gameplay, looks and theme are great, but that's not enough if you're going to make the game punishingly hard, and then on top of that, arbitrarily take away everything I earned (which is also random, not guaranteed you'll earn the upgrades you like) and then the cherry on the cake of ""hey, the game doesn't have an ending...cuz...reasons"".No way, no thanks. Such a shame, I REALLY wanted to like this game. Maybe the devs will learn lessons from this game, I hope they will anyway. The game is trying to hard to be two different things at once.It wants to be hardcore roguelike, but doesn't have the enemy, environment or gameplay variety to justify that.It also wants to be this dynamic story experience with full voice acting (which is pretty great) but then doesn't actually give you any story beats and doesn't even FINISH THE ****** GAME. ffsI wish the devs luck and hope the next game doesn't have these same problems and mistakes, so I would suggest getting this game if you REALLY love space shooters/anime/mecha but only when it's on sale."
,Recommended,300580,18745137,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Atwa,"Despite its simple look Galak-Z is a quite complex game with surprising amounts of depth. It has a lot of things going on, that makes it feel very hectic and exhilirating. And encourages replayability by being very challenging in a way that always manages to feel fair. It wants you to get better and really make use of all its systems to really destroy the enemy. The AI, as the game so promptly promotes, is very good. Enemies don't just run at you like drones. They will retreat when low, lose track of you if you manage to get out of their sight and try to find close allies to help them make your life just a little harder. You also face multiple factions in most levels, and they will actually not only fight you but each other as well. Making strategic use of the enemy of your enemy a very valid proposition.Other than that, the game has robust physics that coupled with your very nifty grapple arm allows you to throw rocks, explosives or other space junk into enemies. Or alternatively the enemies themselves into spikes and other hazards that litter the environment. Using what is around you to fight is a huge part of the game that allows each fight to feel very different from the previous one, depending on where you are.The depth is furthered by you always having two forms available, mech or ship. At the click of a button you can morph in to the other. Both forms have different strengths and ways to play. The mech is all about sword and grappling. It forces you to really use your environments and getting close to your adversaries. While the ship has a laser and missiles to bombard your enemy from afar. What really makes it work is how the different enemy types really make you use them both. You have big enemies that will sweep you aside if you get too close, and smaller faster ships that try to evade you and keep their distance.The variation of the enemies and just how strong their AI is, together with the depth of the gameplay, is what truly makes Galak-Z special. The structure is that of a ""rogue-lite"". You go through what the game calls seasons, which are just a collection of five levels tied together with some story beats. These have set objectives usually but randomly generated layout, which makes the replayability high. If you clear all five them without dying you move to the next season. If you die, its back to the start of the season. (Unless you play on the new lower difficulty in which case you get checkpoints between each of the five levels).There are also upgrades for your ship. Different lasers, missiles and attributes for each. Like lasers that bounce off walls, has a large spread or set your enemy on fire. These you can find and equip straight away. Or you can find blueprints that then unlock for you to buy between missions, or when you die or move onto a new season. So there is some persistence in between deaths that don't make unsuccessful runs feel completely pointless.My only real gripe is that I don't love some of the 2D art. Specifically the character designs aren't super great. The gameplay visuals are good though, with nice explosions that really make themselves felt. I also feel that the controls take a while getting used to. I played with a controller and it uses almost every button on it. Which is positive, and really speaks for the depth it has but I did die a few times from input errors. When I got used to it, it feels very natural."
76561198166620870,Recommended,300580,24733429,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Be leery of people claiming the game is incomplete (simply untrue). If you can get used to the controls, the game is very enjoyable. Yes, I highly recommend it.However, it's not truly procedurally generated levels. There are 3 possibilities as far as alternative stories/missions for every level.. switching every time you die.The price has been permenantly cut in half from what it was last year, very much worth it."
,Recommended,300580,18756777,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,wormroom,"The controls are tight, the atmosphere is appropriately campy, and I can't wait to jump back in for another hour of one of this sneaky space shooting game. I wasn't sure if I'd like the game either, but holy moly is it great. Do yourself a favor and give these devs some cheddar for a unique and challenging experience."
76561197988061338,Recommended,300580,18749152,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,RileyWRussell,"Hard, frustrating, and addictive. The mark of a good rogue like. I can see me coming back to this one for quite a while. Controls are tight and you go from feeling vulnerable to a Han Solo badass as you unlock more upgrades, which is a double edged sword because then you get cocky and die.Do you like rogue likes, 2D space shooters, or better yet both? This game is easily worth the cost of admission."
76561197970291126,Not Recommended,300580,20242628,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MachineHead,"Overall concept and retro feel I liked. The punishing ramp up of difficulty (with no way to adjust) is a huge turn off. Losing hard earned upgrades every 'season' feels more like theft, or the designers couldn't figure out how to balance player progression, opting instead to force the player to start their ships over.The 'store' mechanic never let me get ahead, as I was constantly underfunded.  It was also possible to finally buy the upgrade I wanted, and have it get yanked away mid level by a random pickup. There is no way to adjust your loadout on the fly, unless you visit the junk dealer within the level itself, which either means fighting forward, or perhaps backtracking.By the time I hit season 4, the game felt amazingly repetitive,  for all the talk of their proceedural levels at GDC, i found no evidence, as the same maps and mission objectives came up over and over. Also by the time I hit season 4, the difficulty of the enemies shot up at least 3x. Not by introducing new enemies, but simply taking old ones and doubling shields or health.  Even at the end of season 3, where it started to feel like 'work', and only barely scraping by, this felt like running into a brick wall.I tried various tactics, such as being sneaky, or using the ships myriad abilities in various ways to no avail.I can only recommend this game to people who enjoy severe (and again, punishing) difficulty in their games."
,Recommended,300580,30707867,Posted: 24 March,all,Bass][e,"★★★★☆A great, fast-paced space shooter, that feels dynamic and fresh even after 20+ hours. At first, the difficulty might scare you away, but with practise comes pay-off. It becomes challenging, but never too easy (except for the first quarter of the game). The loot system, which also seems harsh, seems to be just right, though I feel like some items should have been more expensive compared to other items. The content of loot the you will and want to find in missions are random, as well as the the provisions of the trader after each mission. This, with randomized level lay-out and combinations of units and the challenge they provide, is what this game makes so amazingly replayable. Offcourse, you can get lucky or unlucky in some situations, making it feel like its unforgiving at times. To me, that is a great premise of a game in the traditional sense as it is a call back to the arcade days of 90's.It's an action in the fullest: not only do you have to watch the enemy closely, but you also have to pay attention to the environments. Use gas pipes, explosive barrels or hostile plants to your benefit by throwing the one into the other. This was obviously intended by the dev team, since heading enemies straight on is often times a losing battle.It's a shame though that the amazing game mechanics are dressed up by some horrible looking art designs and boring music. The latter I just replaced with my own music, the former is just always on screen. Perhaps easy to ignore for some, but nevertheless a bummer that the team didn't choose another style that isn't like an old flash video made from the early 2000s.Lastly, there is a dissappointing DLC mode, which came for free but is lackluster nevertheless. Its called The Void, where the player is thrown in a endless mode wherein enemies gradually gain more and more health, and you can obtain less and less loot. It's not impossible to get an hour long game going, but for many experienced players its often times over after 20 minutes. I would have appreciated a more fair endless mode, where the difficulty doesnt spike so soon in the run. This mode also suffers from the biggest problem of the game, which is the camera: normally it moves to nearby enemies, other times it just doesn't. Because of this, you can get rushed by enemies from offscreen. It is also why, I believe, some thrown explosives don't go off because they went offscreen.I should also mention that the achievements are bugged. This is a huge bummer, because these are perhaps the biggest motivators to keep playing. It's really demoralizing to not get a certain achievement, despite you having work towards it for atleast 30 minutes."
76561197973562828,Not Recommended,300580,32672372,Posted: 23 June,all,Orolinwe,"I love so many things about this game.  But it has one serious issue:IT'S TOO DIFFICULT.I would only recommend this game if you are sure you will be super hardcore and dedicate a lot of time to beating it.I'm the type of gamer who usually ups the difficulty level on a game during my _first_ playthrough.  I like a good challenge.  But this game becomes absurd by World 3.  I never got past 3-2 or 3-3 I think because it becomes so annoying to play through a level again and again.The problem is compounded by several issues:1.  You must really farm in EVERY level from the start of the game (checking all over the map for extra cash) if you want to be strong enough later to get through.  But of course, the game doesn't tell you this.  So probably your first playthrough is wasted by the time you realize how the game works.2.  The game is idiotically stingy with the missiles.  I can't understand this... It's just a diick move.3.  You better hope you get lucky drops, including missiles, so you can save every penny for upgrades.4.  Damage carries over from mission to mission, and it's ABSURDLY hard/expensive to get healed.  Basically, you better make it through World 1 without a SCRATCH, or you're probably fooked....The game has a lot of great things, most especially the pure joy of flying the ship and experiencing the ""Asteroids"" physics, but it just seems the developers had a big stick up their asses while making it..."
76561198042009038,Recommended,300580,18948121,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,chanticleer,"I've been playing video games for 25 years.  This is a very good video game.  Most definitely worth the asking price.  If you enjoy 2d space shooting in any way then you need this game, if you enjoy roguelike shooters such as binding of isaac then you need this game.The presentation is charming.  Between the art style, the choice of menu graphics, the voice acting that is much better than what you would normally pay vs what they deliver, the solid 60 frames per second, the way it doesn't get in the way of playing the game and yet adds to it.  It's almost as if this game was made by a bunch of nerds that liked playing 2d space shooters on pc?Have you ever been playing a game and then reached down and turned your sound up because you were enjoying the music so much?  It happens, not all the time.  That will happen in this game.It was apparent to me that this game was going to make me earn it.  I ventured well into a level, about 10 minutes of killing enemies and picking things up.  The final part killed me and took me right back to the start.  I wasn't angry at all, the reason I died was totally fair and while difficult to master the controls were adequately explained.  I was  disappointed, but this game is one of those games where you're going to want to do better and I jumped right back in, in other games I'd be irked off by this.  The level was also different the second time around, I appreciate stuff like that.In my opinion I've found that there is a tried and true way that a game can be very fun:  Low learning curve, high skill ceiling.  Galak-z combines that with good presentation.  The controls are hard but also allow for lots of freedom, you will be able to develop your playstyle in any way you want, you can play very dynamically.  It's its own game, you're going to have to learn some new tricks to play it, but rest assured that all of it is completely fair.  I enjoy this when it's done well.Definitely check out GALAK-Z and pump up the jams.  It's just fun.  You'll have fun if you buy it."
,Recommended,300580,18748106,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[✠TRUMP✠] Skull☠Fuk 👌,We cannot allow the culture of Protoculture to be lost . . .
,Recommended,300580,32757857,Posted: 24 June,all,Starcaptain10,"All this complaining about controls  has gotta stop you guys. These are some of the smoothest top down physics based ship controls I have ever seen!If you can't do acrobatic death defying manoeuvres in this game, you either have a faulty mouse, or should stop trying to play with a guitar hero controller."
,Recommended,300580,19055629,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Heavy Viper,"A marvelous game in the same vein as Sub-Terrania and Sinistar, with Rogue-like elements thrown in for good measure. Explore procedurally generated levels, find upgrades for your ship, and take on a variety of nasty enemy ships and beasties.The game really shines in its approach to combat. When you've only just started and you have nothing your basic missiles and laser, you're pretty vulnurable. You'll have to learn to adapt to new situations quickly, and use your surroundings to your advantage, scrounging upgrades and honing your skills as you go. Dogfights are hectic and deadly, with enemies having no problem swarming you if you try to take a group head-on. Smart play is encouraged, even vital.A thrilling shooter with a ton of replayability. Play it on Rogue."
76561198015678048,Recommended,300580,18859699,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,LoneEagle013,"Galak-Z is a thinking man's game. And a thinking man who's willing to invest time in his or her skills to fly in space.Game is beautifully made:1. Graphics are really well made, and the art style is retro but modern at the same time. Ship and character designs are nice homage to other space operas/shows.2. Sound is well made too. Explosions feel real, thruster sounds feel gripping, especially when you engage your best, and voice acting is top notch. I enjoy the music because it really adds the suspense when I'm sneaking around asteroid belts avoiding enemy patrols.3. The game's control is very precise, but very difficult and counter-intuitive to learn. There's a definite learning curve to the game, and it's deliberate. Space flight involves three important elements: (1) Flight mastery, (2) proper equipment, and (3) situational awareness. The beauty of the game is that all three gets unlocked with time.Flight mastery is earned. The controls are very rewarding and precise once you have a sense of how space flight works. You have to account for momentum and inertia, and the fact that jamming your thrusters all the time is a bad idea. Both fighter and mecha modes are very powerful and awesome to use once you earned your flight mastery for both modes.Proper equipment is also part of the game. The game unlocks more and more powerful upgrades as you play through the game, and at 20 hours in, I still have some upgrades left that I have never seen before. There's a hunter/hunted feel in the game until your fighter has been sufficiently upgraded to go toe to toe with capital ships and large group of patrols. Until then, stick to stealth and dodge.Finally, Situational awareness. Once you have flight mastery and equipment, situational awareness allows you to perform awesome feats of combat and it's a matter of your creativity to paint the explosions in space. The game actually has a lot of environmental hazards that are very dangerous to you, but at the same time, they are equally dangerous to the enemy units as well. I wasn't able to take advantage of these hazards until I was somewhat decent with my control skills and my fighter have been upgraded to survive these hazards.My very minor complaints:1. I always have a slight issue with roguelike games, because it's just too random sometimes. But RNG is RNG.2. Not being able to take your upgrades to the next season is a bit of a drag. I really want to try out a fully kitted out fighter (with literally EVERY single upgrade installed) can do, as opposed to playing as you go with 5 episodes worth of equipment.3. Some performance issues on the cutscenes, but it is a known issue that the devs are trying to fix.For the price, I think it's definitely something worth purchasing if you want to test your skills in a game."
76561198067337159,Not Recommended,300580,22132321,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Vagrant Polyglot,"This could have been a great modern game with a throwback aesthetic, but instead it is a repetitive game with almost no variety in assests, enemies, or missions. It is supposed to have 5 levels (called ""seasons"" in game) but only has four.You see, instead of making the linear game which was initially announced, 17 Bit decided to jump on the roguelike bandwagon. Then they moved the entire studio to Kyoto, not for any good business reason, but just because the owner is a Japanophile and wanted to live out his boyhood dream of being a game dev in Japan. As a result, 17 Bit lost the only person on the team who actually knew how to program games.Purchase if you like but understand that you are purchasing an expensive (by indie standards) game with little content or variety, one which is incomplete, and which I honestly believe will never be completed. I was warned away from this game due to the failure of the studio's last project ""Skulls of the Shogun"", but I was suckered in by the anime aesthetic and a desire for a throwback-style game.Galak-Z stands as my biggest gaming purchase regret in recent history. I encourage you to not purchase this game.Highly disappointing. Regarless of whether or not the 5th season comes, this will be the last 17 Bit product I ever waste money on again. Then again, it may be the last 17-Bit product ever as this is their second game ever and the second to bomb.*UPDATE* 17-Bit has officially announced that in fact will not complete the 5th season as promised. Very poor form. By selling a game, a developer enters into an unspoken contract with the consumer and part of the contract is delivering on promised content. When the dev says ""Not worth the time to finish the game, here's a buggy endless mode, be sure to buy our next game!' they have violated said contract.  I've updated my review to relfect this and now suggest that you do not purchase this game under any circumstances. Even 1 penny is more than 17-Bet deserves."
76561197993914265,Recommended,300580,22881503,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Artum,"Bafflingly I only heard about this game when I saw someone tweeting about their Indiebox copy that came with a statue for the game, despite being on the look out for mecha games and this being exactly my♥♥♥♥♥♥Its a space shooter rogue-lite with a high skill cap where you play as a variable fighter that transforms into basically a gundam, you will know if that sentence sells you on the game.Would have liked a more definite story conclusion but I still think the game is definitely worth the price of admission, atleast now that the control lockup bug has been patched."
,Recommended,300580,19475202,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Xnite,"Fantastic game.I love that it requires equal amounts skill and brains to beat. There is no way around it, you need to be play very well and out think your enemies to win. And when you do, you feel equal parts highly skilled space pilot, and master tactician.Also, the amount of love that went into this game is clear. Its been masterfully crafted. Devs like 17-BIT deserve success and should be supported. I want to see more from this studio.Finally, I noticed some negative reviews complaining the ship was too floaty? Ummm, what? Its space FFS. There is no friction in space. Ignore those guys. The controls are tight as. They take a while to get use to, but when you do, they allow complete control for exhilarating space dog fights.PS. Play it on Rogue."
,Recommended,300580,18807394,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Wasabi Wei,"Thank you 17-Bit for making this game and releasing it on PC. I have been watching and waiting for this day and I am not disapointed (besides the lack of controller keybinds). I absolutely love being able to pick and choose my battles, turn enemies against each other, use the environment, and the flight model and combat in general. This game just feels 'right' to me. The map size and spacing of enemies combine with the terrain really well. It flows so nicely that redoing areas does not bother me at all.Playing 'Asteroids' at a stand-up cabinet arcade machine when I was young enough to have to use a bar stool to get to the controls is a potent memory from my formative years. Holy crap does Galak-Z hit the spot! I didn't even remember what I have been missing ever since - but playing Galak-Z has taken me back and rekindled the fire of simple, joyful gaming with physics that just 'work' on a gut level."
,Recommended,300580,19544874,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Playing through the first chapter I was like, ""The gameplay is pretty bland, but I like the 80s space-fighter anime style.""Second chapter starts...""IT'S ON NOW, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!""For real, though. The difficulty ramp is steep and cheap. Instead of cleverer enemies it just gives them larger groups and more HP. It also stops selling you repair kits between missions, which is honestly pretty lame."
,Not Recommended,300580,29735269,Posted: 5 February,all,dnaod,"Gosh, I have such mixed feelings about this game.  At times it's really fun and satisying and at times you just want to pull your hair out.  The controls are a strange choice and frankly, there's a good portion of the population (myself included) who will never master the controls - they are so unintuitive.  And that means that you die a lot more because of the controls and not because of the difficultly of the game.  But on those days when all cyclinder are firing correctly and you remap your brain to how the controls work, you'll have a really satisfying run.... until you hit a random, overpowered enemy and die.  Now, heed my advice - DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME ON REGULAR MODE.  Seriously, play it on Arcade.  On regular mode, once you die, you have to start the whole season of 5 OVER AGAIN.  If you have a life, play on Arcade mode.  Honestly.  Even if they do try to guilt you into playing it on Regular mode right in the main menu by a displaying a disparaging comment when you select Arcade mode.But honestly, here's the real kicker.  Don't even start if you want to finish the game.  You can't.  It's not finished and if you look at the discussion threads, it's never going to be finished.  It's been abandoned.  So maybe play the first season to open up ""The Void"" mode - an endless open galaxy mode that will never end.  Don't disappoint yourself by starting the game only to find out they didn't bother to finish the storyline.  Unless that was never your thing."
76561197988948840,Recommended,300580,22167491,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,michio.hirai,"I quite enjoyed this game. This is a short and sweat game. Simple storyline, lively and comedic character design, and very responsive action gameplay. You can make a quick game that lasts 7-10 minutes.This game was made by a team that clearly liked ""Space Battleship Yamato"".I would have enjoyed having more upgrades in the game, but overall, it was good."
76561197972398393,Recommended,300580,20306476,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crispy_T,Dismissing this as just an arcade game would be a mistake. This has more style and story than just a simple arcade game. The presentation is top notch and the voice-over during game play is a nice touch.  Definietly worth your time!
76561198019129000,Recommended,300580,22904237,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ellion,"This is one of my favourite games. the combat is easy to learn but hard to master and everytime you think you have it all figured out you find a new trick, a new obstacle. still waiting for the Season 5 update, but that doesnt stop me from enjoying it. I bought it when it came out on ps4 and then again on PC. The new ""Void"" Free-LC is a welcomed addition, it adds endless mode, but more importantly a new level of difficulty. The price dropped to $10 recently and i highly reccomend it if you like Shmups, or rougelikes, or robots or space, or physics bacsed combat that requires quick thinking."
,Not Recommended,300580,20842335,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Phishfood,"Last time of contact was November 2nd 2015, someone who claimed to be one of the developers (not marked on the forum) said they would deal with a significantly bad bug in the game where crash coins won't drop.No ETA on season 5, last I heard about the devs is they were moving to Kyoto in October/November 2015."
,Recommended,300580,22881928,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,.just.BROHAMMER,"I'm generally pretty bad at this game, but the presentation and mechanics are very high across the board."
,Recommended,300580,24097610,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Soldier Blue,"So let's just start by saying this game has received undeserved hate and is criminally underrated.Arcade games like 'Asteroids' meet 80's mecha animation and it's a match made in heaven.I love the idea of levels being split between seasons and it feels like it's the closest I'll ever get to playing a Macross game.I also love the control scheme on this one. Controls are quite responsive even though it may take a bit of getting used to. From my experience, the more you play the more intuitive they become.Combat feels instantly rewarding and the game features quite an unique upgrade system that you're likely to end up obsessing over.Devs also released free DLC for the game in the form of an endless highscore-centric mode.This mode ended up not being what some people were expecting and many of them saw fit to blow it out of proportion on the game's review section, which is why there might be a handful of negative reviews.Don't be misled, this game packs a lot of fun for the price and is brimming with style and personality.A great challenging arcade romp and a resounding YES for this one.PS: Galax-Y...get it? ´,:^)"
,Recommended,300580,24114921,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Birb Archer #TF2SP,"Oh Galak-Z a damn satisfying throwback to the Old days of animeControls Will take some time to get some used to, but its extremely satisfying if you pull the strings right, it needs a cheesy Anime-ish opening song though"
76561197997333673,Recommended,300580,19469723,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,KowtowRobinson,"Tried to lure some enemy ships into one of the larger bugs.  Went horribly wrong for me, but it wouldn't have if I was better at the game.I'm just glad a game like this can still be made today, something that focuses so tightly on core mechanics, to the point where there's no need for fluff and filler content.  It's a joy to play and just continually rewards you for improvement, not with a surplus of STUFF, but with simple satisfaction of pulling off some cool maneuvers.I haven't even unlocked the mech suit yet, and I've already learned so many new tricks about flying the basic ship around.  Pay money for this game.  Show devs and publishers that a game like this can still sell, that we don't need to pay 60 bucks for four maps on some so called AAA publisher's game just because the advertising machine said so."
,Recommended,300580,21668164,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"This game hates me almost as much as I love giant transforming missile spewing sword wielding anime mechs. The fortunate thing is, that while this is amazing when it is going well for you, it is even more amazing when things are going pear shapped and you are somehow still hanging in there.The addition of a more relaxed per-episode check point system is a major boon to people that don't get into massive progress loss part of roguelites."
,Recommended,300580,18916781,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,lemec,"I've been DYING to play this game ever since I played just a smidgen of it at PAX2013 and now that I've beaten the first season and am on to the second, I can say that this game has absolutely delivered on my expectations.The controls are stellar. Once you master the ability to fluently swap between mech and ship combat in the middle of a dogfight, the controls become interstellar. I was initially taken aback by the lack of controller customization, but I quickly adapted and it's pretty much a non-issue to me.Dogfighting is NOT initially an easy thing to get into. The enemies display a surprising degree of intelligence that will likely catch most casual players off-guard. They dodge your shots, they LEAD their shots. If you really intend on soaring through every single skirmish without a scratch on your ship, you are going to have to EARN it by using every single dirty trick they give to you. That said, being good at dogfighting makes me feel like a badass, and being bad at it made me wanna get good at it.There's so many fine little touches here and there in the game. It exudes good craftsmanship and love. Things just feel very solid. The animation is great. It speaks the language of saturday morning cartoons and it would be nice if it came with a complimentary inflight snack pack of corn pops.Keep it up, 17-Bit!"
76561198045133849,Recommended,300580,18747935,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BarneyRound,This game ticks a lot of boxes for me.80's style80's cartoon series themeIn spaceAsteroids style controlsBite-size missionsThe character box in the bottom-left with the different animations based on what you are doing was a nice touch too.  Great art style as well.  Easy recommend.
76561198002560836,Recommended,300580,23882284,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Esty was here,"Got this game on sale and im so happy i did! Now that i actually played it i would buy it at full price. Im actually loving the graphics and overall feel of the game. Its like a skill based arcade feel. Its skill based in regards to attacking/aiming but also learning how to meanuver and how to move around according to the enemies. I love the controls unlike some people complaining. It has a lot of mechanics and ways to move around so You do have to get used to it, but once you get it down its so amazing. Also keep in mind that i havent even gotten to the Mech part in the game yet ! cant wait"
,Recommended,300580,33681282,Posted: 20 July,all,linuxpunk,"Best fake Yamato ever.By the way, game IS finished, and controls are Ok."
76561198053806453,Recommended,300580,22977196,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,coreylark55,"Galak-Z is a great game for a great value. It's not for the light of heart - very diffiicult, very frustrating and completely fantastic. 17-Bit outdid themselves in the presentation and control departments. This game is all about control. It will be hard to name another game with such emphaisis on precision. Controlling the game feels great and responsive. Great game!"
,Not Recommended,300580,32946362,Posted: 28 June,all,Hu$tl3r,The game is not bad. Anime gfx are nice. Movement of the ship I also liked.But I lost interest quite soon. It is too difficult. The earlier levels should be much easier to get into it and then the difficulty should be adjusted level by level.
76561198039234669,Recommended,300580,21001789,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,PartTimeSamurai,"If you're a fan of shows like Robotech or Gundam, and always wanted that space combat feel, this is the game for you. If you're a casual gamer looking for some action, stay clear. GALAK-Z is punishing at times, though not as punishing as some other games *cough* Dark Souls. There are dozens of excellent upgrades you can add to your ship between/during missions. Thankfully, there are plenty of enemies to destroy; allowing you to get ample salvage points upgrades. The controls take a little getting used to, but it's a great feeling once you get the hang of it. Most of my deaths have not been the result of combat, but the result of pilot error. You'll be thrusting around from enemy to enemy and accidentally ignite a gas pipe, causing damage to both your enemies and yourself. Again, once you get a feel for zero-g, the controls give you a lot of power over your enviroment. Practice makes perfect.Besides, who doesn't want to grapple an enemy ship and obliterate it using your beam saber? Happy hunting!"
76561198038476700,Recommended,300580,18983811,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,twinsky,"Battling in space feels groovy. Difficulty ramps up nicely, and once I unlocked all my ship's abilities combat became expressive and fun. I like changing my approach based on which power-ups I find and buy in a given season.My only concern is that I don't feel a lot of incentive to replay once seasons are cleared on arcade and rogue modes, which is odd for a procedurally generated game. But it's a good value regardless."
,Recommended,300580,19593562,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[PALS] Hadouken!!!,"Fantastic and nuanced explorative space shooter. While I am too easily frustrated for the roguelike difficulty mode, the addition of the arcade mode (which apparently was not available in the initial PS4 release? Don't quote me on that.) makes the experience even more versatile and palatable for a wider range of players.The controls provide a challenging but mechanically nuanced learning curve that is really freeing once you get used to it. I feel like the first season's level designs also help walk the player through these mechanics in a way that supports this learning curve.Definitely recommended for fans of Saturday morning cartoons and space shooter arcade action."
,Recommended,300580,20905328,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,NSman,"Just like your favourite 80s anime, it may reuse some scenes over and over again...but when the action starts it gets intense!"
,Not Recommended,300580,26721775,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Agent Spydre,"I wanted to like this game. I really really did. But the difficulty level, steep learning curve (even at the easiest setting) and dodgy controls are all irredeemably brutal. There is no point in this game (despite all cutscenes and insistence to the contrary) where you feel like you are piloting a formidable hybrid mecha fighter capable of taking on large swaths of enemes at once. At best you're awkwardly glissading through space in a fragile tea cup trying not to run into groups of enemies larger than two, as they can all easily flank, out-manuever and out-speed you. This game was marketed as an arcade-style space shoot-em-up, but in actuality, it's a plodding stealth game of the worst stripe. The much-vaunted mecha mode (which you never even get to see until Season 2) is a largely useless melee mode where you are given a weak beam sword, a woefully ineffective directional shield, and an only moderately useful grapple launcher depending entirely on what kind of debris and environmental hazards happen to be nearby in a fight.One of the biggest sins this games commits is, as the game progresses and gets harder, you are rarely even given enough reasonable opportunities to repair your own ship!!! I spent much of the first season of the game with my ship in flames and on the verge of death because there were few if any means available to repair it between missions. And even after repetitively gritting and grinding my way through randomly generated missions in a near-dead ship, gathering whatever upgrades the game would allow me to get (but not keep if the mission failed) and defeating the gruelling end-season boss encounters (the only unique and genuinely fun parts of the whole game), I was ""rewarded"" by inexplicably having EVERY SINGLE ONE of my hard-earned upgrades stripped away and being forced to gather salvage to repurchase them all again in a ship that has been completely reset to default while still having to face bigger and tougher enemies. Worse, this happens at the beginning of EVERY season! Who the HELL decided this was a good idea???The only good thing I can say is they really nailed the old-school anime VHS aesthetic they were going for (right down to the cheesy saturday morning cartoon voice-acting), but taken as a game in and of itself, minus all the costume frills, it's not a game I can really recommend to anyone other than a masochist."
,Recommended,300580,23739308,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Aieee Johnson,This is some of the best gameplay I've ever experienced.
76561197963908835,Recommended,300580,18958203,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cronstintein,"Dogfighting is fast and *dangerous*.  One ship on it's own of any type is pretty manageable but when you get into fights with several opponents each requiring different strategies it gets hectic really fast.I like the bredth of the upgrade system.  Lots of fun stuff in there that actually feels different.  Having a fast auto-shotgun type thing is very different from using precision muzzle w/ charge shots.I'm still stuck on season 3, I can't imagine what 5 must be like!The artstyle, you can see from screenshots/videos, but I think they do a fantastic job with how it looks.Truly a gamer's game -- tight, but deep controls.  Unforgiving of your screw-ups.  The joy comes from the interaction of it's systems.  If you have any joy from 2d space shooting and rogue-likes, this one is a no brainer (also excellent value at it's price-point)."
76561198004236682,Recommended,300580,18830283,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bugs Bunny,"This is one of the best arcade space games. It may take a minute to get used to the controls, but very rewarding once you do. Fun gameplay and cool graphics."
,Recommended,300580,19356808,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,EmergencyPoncho,"A good game turns great as soon as you get the mech! While I enjoyed the first chapter, I never did fully grasp the fighter controls but as soon as I gained access to the mech it felt like I had come home. Memories of fast paced, on the edge combat similar to Zone of the Enders or Strike Suite Zero come to mind as soon as I started dashing around the enemies, delivering sword slashes, throwing explosive containers and evading critical blows. From this point on I played almost exclusively as the mech only switching to the fighter to deliver the occasional barrage of missiles. The mech also made the game much easier for me. Throughout the first 4 seasons (season 5 is not available at this point) I found the combat very satisfying and the main reason why I enjoyed the game so much.Now even though overall I do love this game I also have some criticism. First, as far as I can tell, nowhere on the Steam store page does it say only the first 4 chapters are available when you buy the game. When I reached the 5th and final chapter I was very disappointed as the words 'Coming Soon' displayed on my screen. I think this is actually a bit dishonest. Next, the mission structure is extremely repetitive. The satisfaction of combat will likely carry you through all the missions but unfortunately the look and feel of every mission is essentially the same. There might be different objectives but they all boil down to 'get from point A to point B'. Also, the map design is not very inspiring and even with the level randomization multiple playthroughs feel too familiar.Finally, I have to thank the developers for adding save points between missions - I may not have bothered to struggle through even the first Season in the punishing Rogue difficulty. The early reviews made it sound like this game might be too difficult for my tastes but the new Arcade mode gave me just the right amount of challenge. Oh, and thanks for native PS4 Dualshock 4 controller support on PC! I hope to see this in more PC games in the future."
,Recommended,300580,18815036,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Rath,"It feels like a Halo and Far Cry baby in top-down form.  I get Halo AI that is smart, viscious, but exploitable in various ways including pitting warring factions against each other.  I get Far Cry for the light stealth, environment hazards to use against enemies, and just being able to choose my approach.  Rogue-like elements are layered in, with nifty power-ups, procedural levels, and a kinder take on permadeath by only making you restart the current season of missions.  Not all progress is lost, but enough that you get that tension rogue-likes provide.The physics based controls are sublime, letting you feel like this absolute badass pilot...or switch to a mech, grab a meteorite, throw it into an enemy, and launch them into a giant insect's mouth.  Best ""pure fun"" game I've played this year."
76561197986994936,Recommended,300580,18973985,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Agent Neigh,"I'm Enjoying the game so far,The Rogue like style is a little underwhelming but the story is fun,If your looking for a 2d Space shooter in the fashion of Asterioids you may very well enjoy this game.The game is not as difficult as some reviewers are selling it as. once you get the hand of the controls the game can feel like a grind. The story Makes up for this.What made me love this game was the main hero, A-Tak.I'd give it a buy for anyone looking for a skill based game who want some thing with minor replayability."
,Recommended,300580,18935733,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Casarix,The single greatest Pre-start screen and Pause Menu in the history of Mankind.
,Recommended,300580,19138993,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"Yes... and no.Incredibly good for the first three hours. An arcadey actiony slidey blasty space shooter takes Asteroids up to super saiyan level 3 and beyond. Tightly paced and full of clever combat designs, built into a loose rogue-like/arcade game framework where missions are randomly generated up until the boss of each world. It's all good fun.But then you cross the threshold where ""THE TRUE GALAK-Z STARTS HERE"" at the fourth chapter. Then every single fricken enemy has 50 health and your breezy fun speedy asteroids on meth space combat anime game suddenly becomes... well, a cover shooter in space really. Enemies take more damage than Gears of War aliens and you take less damage than a CoD MW2 and onward hero on Veteran.Still for those first three hours, and the fact that NOBODY has done the space combat nearly as good as these guys, it still gets a thumbs up."
76561197970344802,Recommended,300580,19343596,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Daniv,"This one has some weak points (seasonal reset, difficulty through HP increase) and the controls take some getting used to (I personally prefer mouse). But I think it's worth it. Hurtling through a cave, throwing evasive turns, throwing enemies into the environmental hazards and just generally shooting everything that moves is a blast."
,Recommended,300580,18945323,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Cimmerian,"It's basically Asteroids with pretty graphics; quite enjoyable for an old gamer like myself, but there is no REAL ending, the last season is blocked, and you get a ""coming soon"" when you finish season 4.It's sad that after all the hard work that you put in order to finish all the episodes between 4 seasons, you only get a cliffhanger for an ending.Also the game gets repetitive, so if you are not used to arcade like games, you may find it a little boring."
76561198069147438,Recommended,300580,19082553,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BERKSHiREBoB,"Great game. Im about an hour in and starting to get the hang of things. Controls are unique but can be very precise and extremely fun, but challenging. Once you get the strafe you have a ton more control and it helps. The art style and voice acting is surprisingly nice. Very pleased with my experience thus far."
,Recommended,300580,18996841,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Div,Deliciously hard and fun. Takes time to get used to the control but winning becomes extremely rewarding.
76561197960966095,Recommended,300580,19302699,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cenon,"Personal favourite game of 2015Why?First of all, the atmosphere. I grew up in middle of Transformers, Voltron etc. so the representation gave me true shivers.Secondly, the challenging but rewarding controls. It felt genuinely good to learn the tricks and later on outmanuever the enemies, throw them into environment hazards ( or throw the hazards at them), and use the conventional weaponry efficiently.Third, the roguelike excitement. Guarding your ship armour gets a lot more demanding when there is no automatic full repair waiting every end of the level. Risks must be valued every time to prevent YASD (yet another stupid death). Sometimes the randomness gives you awkward situations with poor weapon upgrades, but I've witnessed how good ability combos give you the false sense of security and you're done.fourth, very good and tactically versatile action. Slightly directed by the upgrades you obtain, you may take a very aggressive melee stance or the direct opposite, always retreating sharpshooter. All this is backed with aforementioned sharp controls, different attack/defence methods, very flashy graphics and brilliantly customizable main weaponryOnly thing i don't like in the game is the very generic nature of the missions after the first season. The first season had actual story, so it feels quite odd to be thrown afterwards into very simple pickup/destroy target -missions that don't carry the story anyhow.Let's just hope the devs get that fifth season released soon :)"
,Recommended,300580,18755973,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Whuping,I'm a simple man.I saw Mech.I buy.
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,300580,20342084,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,Combines Rouge-like permadeath (kind of) with a 2D shooter that's mostly about scouring the level for every last piece of scrap than it is about blasting enemies. Pass.
76561197991981121,Not Recommended,300580,29905513,Posted: 13 February,all,crumpetsatdawn,"Dull static art, repetetive environments, and control system so dated and awkward that mastering it becomes the game's only real challenge. A bit of a mess, from a developer with a track record of treating customers badly. Avoid."
76561198274090679,Recommended,300580,20307179,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,4p0c4lyp53n0w,"Galak-Z is a ""Rogue-lite"" adventure shooter. The story, sound and graphics are good. It's going for an old school style. The gameplay though is Godly. It's so fun to move around, dodge fire and shoot enemies. And being able to turn into a mech is pretty awesome. You can build an entire game around controlling different ships that turn into different robots and it would be fantastic. There's massive potential here for something truly epic. I was actually hoping it would be more like A Link Between Worlds or Order of Ecclesia in space. RPG-like yet more immediate where you can pick up and play for 30 minutes a day and save at a save point whenever you want. A game where you're immersed in it's world with a massive space area to explore or at least one main large space where you can warp to different levels. Where you get to keep your hard earned powerups throughout the game and have to use specific weapons on specific enemies to beat them (Galak-Z Adventure anyone?) Maybe that's too ambitious for the small team at 17-bit. But that would've been utterly amazing. As it is, I still think it's a fun, challenging little game. But I have a few gripes and suggestions.Although the PC version of the game does have arcade mode, the ""way the game was meant to be played"" is in it's Rogue mode. And that's my main gripe with this. I get where 17-bit is going with this but it's just annoying. Having to sit through hours to finish a season to be able to save your progress and then losing all your stuff if you die or when you start a new season is fairly annoying. Plain and simple. At first it was really annoying. Once you realize what they're going for it's tolerable. But ""tolerable"" is hardly something to strive for.The levels tend to repeat at times and are fairly good for the most part. Not sure if all the time and effort into generating levels was worth it. I read that they hand picked the best procedurally generated levels. Effectively you're just getting the computer to pre-make the levels for you.The AI is good. Enemies will anticipate where you go when they attack and dodge your fire. A nice touch. Some enemies are definitely tough, however, sometimes you can take advantage of some enemies getting stuck in tight spaces for easy kills. And some can be killed relatively easily if you reverse boost such that they're right at the edge of the screen as they chase you and just keep shooting until they die.Another thing that annoyed me was when, in mech mode, you grapple something, like a box of rockets and then the camera zooms in. What? No, I want to zoom out. I need to see far ahead of me so I don't smash into something or so I can see where to throw the thing. Common sense.Would be nice and, in fact, I expected to be able to do some kind of combo or something to an enemy after grappling it. Instead the mech just slowly, clunkily bashes away at it until grip is released.The top left map is useless. I wish it was just a smaller version of the map view map. I found myself always pressing tab or the touch pad on PS4. Speaking of which I highly recommend adding an option to customize the controls for PS4 and adding in slide left and right to L1 and R1 respectively and make use of L3 and R3 (depress left and right joystick). R3 for thruster I guess. I found myself always using the boost anyways.EDIT: Even better -- press R2 slightly to thrust. Press R2 all the way down to boost! In retrospect that seems like a no-brainer.Oh, and a multiplayer mode! That would be great.The game as it is is a nice, hard, fun albiet relatively short space romp. But I want to explore the galaxy! The contols are just so good. Maybe the aforementioned ideas are best left for another project or an update but I'm telling you right now, hire more people, do whatever, Zelda in space with those controls is what dreams are made of."
,Recommended,300580,18808111,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Blud Knite,"Galak-Z is an endearing game which pros easily outweigh its cons.TL/DR-9/10Pros:1. Gameplay is incredibly fun and responsive, (I used 360 controller, I've read many enjoy the keyboard/mouse controls as well)2. Rogue-like elements add a balanced difficulty which is ""hard but fair""3. Two difficulty options: arcade and rogue, only difference being when death occurs how far the player is set back (replay mission or have to restart entire mission set aka seasons) This feature adds extra incentive to play the game again, given its brevity this is a great feature.4. Impressive AI, this certainly adds to the difficulty and thanks to the procedural nature of the game each replay has a different vibe altogether.5. Variety, goes with point #4 store upgrades/loot are random, if playing rogue gamemode these can really change the dynamic of the game.6. Beat the game your own way! The complexities of the combat are hard to see until you play for a while (need to get past first season) Combat or lack of combat is your choice, types of combat vary greatly from player to player eg sniping/melee etc. After you get used to your ship/mech you really start to feel like the anime pilots of old which can be a great feeling of nostalgia.7. You get a Gundam!===================Bugs/GlitchesSo far I've only noticed two bugs worth noting.1. Occasionally a small lag spike occurs usually in combat (this could be my setup however others have reported this stutter) EDIT this bug hasn't happend to me in several hours, this issues was a big one on PS4 but the PC version seems to have fixed this /EDIT2. In arcade mode Season 2 episode 5- if failed would, upon restarting, get stuck on the loading screen. Exiting game and reloading allowed mission to be played again; however in my experience if failed again the same issue occurred. ****Mine was fixed by verifying the cache.*** EDIT Has been fixed in second Patch /EDIT***Edit*** 3. ""Missiles, Who Needs 'Em?"" achievement bugged. Dev replied and will have this fixed by the next patch. This isn't the first achievement for this game to have issues, hopefully they will be ironed out in the second patch. Thankfully achievements don't effect gameplay so I wouldn't let this sway your purchase. 11/3-These have now been fixed.===================Cons1. Level design is pretty but the environments get reused quite often. Usually an industrial asteroid, ""bio-asteroid"", and their respective debris fields are your main areas.2. Missions, dialogue, ""plot"" also get repetitive. Each season has 5 episodes, usually episode 1 and 5 have a set plot whereas 2,3,4 are random insert basic mission here situations. The dialogue is well done, however the combat dialogue gets really repetitive. You will hear some lines ten times per episode easily.3. Brevity of the game, it's not the longest game but as previously stated there is some replay value here, at the very least i'd recommend doing a play-through of each game mode. Depending on the player and circumstance this can easily put you over 10 hours.4. *This one isn't much of a con for me but it's worth mentioning/also highly subjective to each person* Story/animation is kind of hit and miss for me. The game doesn't take itself seriously and some of the campy dialogue is pretty funny. However as many have said it feels a bit more western than its anime intent. Personally I'm not a big fan, it looks and feels like a very cheap poorly drawn comic book. Thankfully this is one of those games where you don't play it for the story, on the other hand the addition of the Admiral was a welcome one.5. Season 5 has yet to be released (will be free and hopefully by the end of the year) so its a bit of ""hurry up and wait"" if you are really having a good time.=================Some things I'd like to see in no specific order-Remappable controller inputs (not a large issue as an emulator can be used if needed)-Ability to sell upgrades at reduced rate for extra scrap.-Endless or ""binge mode"", currently after you complete seasons 95% of what you have accumulated disappears, carryover of upgrades/scrap between seasons would be an interesting addition. (a limitation on scrap accumulation would be required as the difficulty would quickly become trivial otherwise) It would also give you yet another reason to do a play-through.-Extreme hardcore mode, this game certainly is difficult but an even scarier difficulty would add some extra incentive to keep playing a great game. After 20 hours in game the fourth season's difficulty is still very challenging, but the first three seasons don't benefit from this extra difficulty.-Some kind of leaderboard/multiplayer nod would be interesting. When I think of old school arcade games I always remember seeing the old leaderboards with the initials I'm somewhat surprised that is missing. I always love coop in games however I don't know how much that would contribute to this game as well as greatly increase difficulty of production. That being said I think it would be great fun to play with friends like Raiden Trad back in the old days.-A stats and general info page, including best run for each season, kills of each faction/specific enemy. Preferred killing method etc etc. Also a more indepth information page on enemy ships and mechs.-Greater player customization to effect ship/mech aesthetic. Currently if you change the ship's blaster it adds effects like fire/ice/scatter shot etc out of necessity. Mech upgrades/passives changing the appearance would be pretty cool; different colored sword, different boosters, and unlockable mech/ship skins things like that.================SummaryI've been excited to get my hands on Galak-Z since I heard about it coming to PS4 and it has certainly been worth the wait. It really brings me back to my youth with an old meets new school approach to gameplay as well as characters, units, and abilities that remind me of 80's anime like Macross/Robotech and especially Mobile Suit Gundam. The gameplay is very well done so much so that it really overshadows almost all of the game's faults. The plot, animation, and in game dialogue are subjective weak points for me, but very easy to overlook as the gameplay is just so exceptional. Finally this game brings me back to a time where I didn't need a competitive multiplayer in every game, nor did I need an open world story that had to last me sixty hours. This game would be a great pickup at any price but if its sub $15 you really owe it to yourself to give this game a shot. Thank you for reading my book, I hope you enjoy the game."
76561198031022626,Recommended,300580,18893855,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,pencilboom,never thought I'd like this game so much! Newtonian drift is very fun
76561198072823796,Recommended,300580,21030335,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Spetznaz,"There are some moments of pure frustration, when you die at the end of a season. But once the gameplay opens up in season 2, Galak-z is a stylish thrill ride. Switching between ship and mecha to devastate enemies is great fun."
,Recommended,300580,27475960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,victoriza,Macross + Captain Harlock + Sense of humor + Challenge
,Recommended,300580,20034400,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nicholas,"Wow! This game is awesome! I would like to give you 10/10, just give me season 5!"
,Recommended,300580,18945625,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Pupunoob,Yes definitely recommend it. Very difficult but rewarding when you get the movement down. Check out my video where I talk more about it and played the first season.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ia3B0LDivDM
,Recommended,300580,18827569,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,axfelix,"Really tight, inspired Asteroids-esque roguelike. Caveats: despite being a person who plays nearly everything with a mouse, I really dislike the mouse controls (gamepads are handled well, though, even on Linux), and the death-restart loops are quite long; 45 minutes is quite a long time to ""lose"" for a roguelike that you're trying to make progress in (i.e. by unlocking the next season ala Necrodancer, rather than clearing the game in one run ala Spelunky). But generally very good."
76561197995118335,Recommended,300580,34383251,Posted: 20 August,all,Wuss912,Very Nice game
76561198048362160,Recommended,300580,29198135,Posted: 11 January,all,oyster,"I love the mechanic of completely cutting off your engines and slowly drifting, so that enemy sensors can't pick you up. It's a welcome change of pace to the intensity of fighting and thrusting.The game's ""1980s anime"" framing comes and goes without a lot of consistency, but there are certainly some cute touches there like the randomly-generated episode titles which change every time you play."
,Not Recommended,300580,18754956,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,KittyKatKuddler,"IMPORTANT EDIT FOR PEOPLE INTERESTED IN BUYING:I read that the developers stopped working on the promised 5th chapter and added an endless mode instead as some kind of weird excuse. Having bought the game as a full release and not Early Access version, I feel ripped of by the devs and change my review to negative. I do not support such a company practice and recommend not to buy products buy such companies! Unfortunately, I bought the game on release, so there's no option to get a refund anymore. It's a pity that such a good game concept has no final chapter!---------------- First Review from October 2015 -------------------------Having followed the game's development over 4 months and being happy to play it, now that it's release day, I feel obliged to inform you thatthis game is awesome so far!Of course, I will update this first-sight review (have played the first 4 missions) sometime, this should be an orientation for interested players.In it's current state the game offers:1.Smooth gameplaywith orientation towards classic shootemup playstyle with a modern twist.2. I haven't unlocked many of the ship's functions yet, but the game seems to offer alot ofdogfight variety and customisations.3. The design of the game is nice. With elements of oldschool space shooters like R-Type, Gradius and perhaps a bit of colour of Pop'n Twinbee, it is put in the mix with Manga character design spiced with alot of references to the artstyle of series like Transformers or Saber Rider.4. I smell a challenging difficulty even for roguelike fans like me. The curve increases alot if when enter the last missions of season 1. Evasion andtactical fightingwill become important that's for sure.5.Full gamepad supportWhat the game lacks:1. The two main protagonistslack depth and story, dialogues feel bland somehow. Still, the cutscenes are just a very small part of the game so this is just a small malus.2. The sountrack and synchro could need some work, but it somehow fits the protagonists mentioned above. ;)3. Not many possibilities to adjust the game in settings. Take it as it is.Remember, these are just first thoughts about a game I'll probably love when I advance more, so this should be taken with a grain of salt.I would rate it avery optimistic 8/10so far. For fans of the roguelike SciFi genre, I can definitely recommend buying this product.[EDIT ABOVE!]"
76561198028190108,Recommended,300580,18817859,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dr_panties,"It's not only my game of the year, it's one of the best games I have played. Mind you, I'm speaking in terms of the three main aspects that, for me, constitute a great game:(1) Randomisation(2) Challenge(3) MechanicsGalak-Z excels in each of these categories. Once you become accustomed to the control system, just flying the craft and navigating the enivornments alone is a sheer thrill. But it's more than that. It's about skillfully using the meticulously crafted control system to overcome a very steep challenge, and the satisfaction derived therein. It's about exulting in a stylish, efficient dogfight, and swallowing your own mistakes and learning from them. It's about perfecting your skills as a pilot, learning to pick your fights, and always coming back for more, because it's just that good.If pressed, I'd call it a tough, arcade-space-shooter rogue-lite. If this genre appeals to you, you need Galak-Z in your life. I honestly can't see myself playing much else for the forseeable future. Highly, highly recommended for those who appreciate the genre."
,Recommended,300580,18842867,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Zii'lyeh,"A fun arcade shooter, challenging without being overwhelming.  Filled with bright colours and featuring an eclectic soundtrack, it keeps both your eyes and your ears occupied, while some light RPG elements let you blast aliens to bits the way you want to."
76561198002518143,Recommended,300580,18807252,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Shui,"This game is HARD.That aside, it's fun as hell.The premise is pretty simple, and as far as plot goes, pretty bare.TL;DR You are the last surviving starfighter of an earth fleet. While you managed to make off with a prototype fighter, everyone else wasn't so lucky. You link up with the last functioning cap ship and her captain in and effort to make it back to earth. There are some plot things in between, but that's the gist.Galax-Z Is very roguelike. During seasons (5 missions each) The damage your fighter takes is permanent and must be repaired. YOu can spend money on upgrades as well as extra missiles, but salvage is scarce and leads to situations on whether its safe to jump an Imperial patrol or opt to try sneaking past them and risking taking extra damage you'll have to spend resources fixing. There are two difficulty settings, the more masochistic one has you going through all 5 episdoes of the seasons without any deaths. In the case that you do die, you are forced to start over from the beginning. Ther is also a more arcade-y variant, where you can just restart after each stage you died on.I think the game does a good job of easing you into things, (except the upgrade you get start of season 2) and its incredibly satisfying to cream enemies who would previously kill you endlessly as you improve. The creative enemy AI can lead to some really cool game moments, like Luring one group of enemies into another opposing faction, sparking a three-way slugfest, or using your enviroment against the enemy. All in all I would say it's a definate purchase worth having if you enjoy SHMUPS or Roguelikes. If you happen to be a fan of Stuff like macross, robotech, or gundam, this would be up your alley as well - it has many throwbacks to that genre, in more ways than one."
,Recommended,300580,18797553,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,OneJibmoNation,"I'm not a big fan of the anime art-style, but do love space games so I decided to give this game a shot. The gameplay is fun, theres some quality (a bit cheesy/quirky but good) voice acting. Really not bad for a $15 game. Highly reccommended if you like arcade space action reminiscent of twin stick shooters with some newtonian physics thrown in there and an upgrade/progression system."
76561197997046452,Recommended,300580,18767283,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BitVyper,"Edit: My issue was promptly resolved by the dev.  I am happy.Quite a fun game,Gameplay-wise, I find the controls a little bit dodgy; moving and fighting at the same time gets a bit cumbersome, but not bad.  It's otherwise pretty fun, and I like the stealth mechanic quite a bit.  Voice acting falls into a nice safe zone where there's nothing making me want to jettison my ears from my head, but nothing to really write home about either.  I'd call it good.  That's a lot better than I expected when buying this game.I would say that a lot has been accomplished here with very little.  My one remaining complaint is that for a game where you're going to die a fair bit, it could really stand to have less going on between dying and retrying.  Having to go through the screens and repurchase everything gets a bit tiresome."
76561197979753277,Recommended,300580,18801141,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Eldril Sidewinder,"Simply put: An excellent game with tight controls, depth, and a challenge to all.  Worth the purchase for sure."
,Recommended,300580,18758316,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TomatoSuede,"By golly, this game is amazing. From the get go it gets your attention with a GREAT music and an action packed intro. So far this game has so many pros that it out ways the little con it has. It has tight controls, so you can count on that it was your own fault when you died. The maneuvering in this game is just so amazing, It really gives you this feeling of speed and power over your enemy. When it comes to the core game I am in love with that too! I have always been in love with games that were arcadey and hard, mix them together and you got yourself a good mix in my book. The game has a cool option of getting checkpoints every five missions, if you die you lose all your power ups and have to start over.This mode is where you really feel the tension when you only have one health and your shields and you have a lot baddies between you and your sweet sweet health. The only con I can seem to find it that sometimes the voice acting seemed a bit stiff, but you can easily get passed it.TL;DR GALK-Z is a fun mix of old arcade classics and new space shooters."
76561198080357795,Recommended,300580,18842467,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bowsers2,"Galax z has superb combat that I personally think that rejuvinates the 2d space shooter genre that I'm totally over.You can induce the 3 enemy factions to fight each other, which is alway fun, and the use of a lot of environmental objects, all add up to the Combat being dynamic and fresh.Oh and the AI on 2 of the enemiy factions is really good.  Like I said I love the combat here. It's fantastic.BUT, it has near zero level design or mission design varitety. Which is a problem.- The normal difficulty of passing 5 levels to complete a mission without dying  is way to hard, but now they have arcade mode where you only need to comlete 1 level.- The new contol scheme is good, but it's different from normal twin stick shooter controls. A lot of this games difficulty is in learning the controls. You'll die a lot learning then. And for eg, You cannot easily straif in and out of corners like all kinds of shooters. This game wont really allow it. For a lot of people that would be a problem. But you can dodge and straif in large circles for combat.- And you spend a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t time travelling to your mission and returning back to the escape warp point , every ♥♥♥♥ing time.But overall,  I love the games combat, and I bought it on PS4 and immedialy when it came out on Steam."
,Recommended,300580,18883189,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MAMEiac,"I can honestly say I've never played a game quite like Galak-Z and though it is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥all over the place I just keep coming back for more. A ""rogue-like"" game of the brutal sort you'll need to work hard to progress through all 5 ""seasons"" that are strung together with a relatively simple narrative and wrapped in a retro 80s anime Robotech-inspired aesthetic. Once things get rolling you'll need to carefully choose the way you fight your battles, whether in fighter mode or robot mode, each has their strengths and weaknesses. Your main focus will be on your shields, once you've knocked them out you'll need to carefully avoid damage or your minimal armor will start to deplete and you'll be done. Don't worry, it will happen plenty. Have had a blast playing it and if you like a challenge this brings it with flair."
76561197969386272,Recommended,300580,18782456,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jack Denham,"Stylish and very hard, GALAK-Z is a game I'm enjoying quite a bit. I can't put into words how stylish this game is: the voice acting, the narrative, the soundtrack... all those elements combine and make you fell like watching an anime.The bad? The game is difficult and if your tolerance for restarting low, you might get frustrated. Fortunately, there is a lower difficulty mode (arcade)."
76561197991036177,Recommended,300580,18825358,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Revanchist,"If you have every watced   Gundam Anime's and felt you would love to be a part of that fantasy, then this game is for you:Galak-Z is a interactive Gundam AnimeThe controls take getting used to, but does a really good job of simulating flight in zero gravity.  When you get used to the controls, just simply moving around is fun. Combat is tense without being frustrating. Because you do keep some progress, dying never feels like you have wasted your time. The game is simply fun enough to make playing it over fun - as opposed to being a chore. Wonderful game, definitely buy it and give it a try. Certianly fulfills my Gundam Pilot fantasy - one I didn't even know I had."
76561198049681434,Recommended,300580,18873314,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Cyb3rB∅rn,"The gameplay is awesome, both the ship and the mech handle great and any move you try with them feels just right within the in-game physics. The A.I. is very competent and acts naturally, charging you when they have a tactical advantage and retreating when overpowered. They will smartly avoid environmental threats. The story is practically non-existent.The game is definitely not easy, but its difficulty has been artificially inflated by a very counter-intuitive control layout, the only real flaw this game has. Which is easily overcome by a 3rd party software that allows you to rebind controls.You can find the button rebinding tool herehttps://github.com/KrossX/DuraznoNow, grab the game and have some fun already"
76561197970471664,Recommended,300580,18885587,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Akabander,"Really enjoyable shooter. Good flying feel -- love the inertial ""physics"", and fun weapons. Polished cartoon style, even the voice acting is pretty good."
,Not Recommended,300580,23375431,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Justin_Brett,"It's a really great looking and sounding game, and it's nice to see another mecha game, since it feels like they're a bit rare these days outside of licensed stuff. Unfortunately, I found it disappointing to play after a little while. The game expects you to fight really strategically, by leading enemies into traps or hurling them into hazards, but the controls didn't feel good enough to do that very easily. It doesn't seem like it's worth trying to attack as the mech besides that function, since it's only weapon is a close-range beam saber, and you almost never want to be that close.Dog-fighting as the regular ship isn't so great either, since it seems like every enemy is an ace pilot stupidly good at evading your shots. Aside from the bug faction, all enemies have shields like you do (but way higher), so you need to blow through a second health bar that comes back regardless of what you do, and destroying them and not dealing any real damage to an enemy before they recharge is quite frustrating. You have missiles, which always hit, but you don't always find them out on missions, and have to pay to refill them. Hooking an enemy as the mech lets you get in a few swings with the beam saber, but that might not even be enough to puncture their shields before they get loose seems too dangerous to be worth it.So overall while I was interested in the game while I heard about it, the ship and the mech both don't feel very fun to pilot, with the latter in particular feeling like you could get pretty much all its advantages from just sticking a tractor beam on the ship mode. I did like the presentation of the game and the voice acting a lot, so it's a shame to see the meat of it didn't live up. From what I've read, though, it seems like the story ends on a cliff-hanger and the conclusion the developers ultimately offered was an endless mode you can't really win at, so it doesn't sound like I'm missing out on very much."
,Not Recommended,300580,18879614,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Raithon,"At first glance THIS GAME IS AMAZING. but buyer beware this game is NOT fully optimized. a standard logitech controller has issues with this game, and for some reason the camera hates you when using it as well(it was rather erratic). you dont even have access to full capabilites  of the ship when using a controller. dont get me started on the wireless. also aparently crashing issues may be your problem too on this game. untill these problems are patched out unfortunatly this gem is going to be a no buy."
,Recommended,300580,18922230,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Monky King Bar,An interesting and new shooter with Rouge like elements.  See my review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_i1gBNnD_s
,Recommended,300580,18805643,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Infin8,No anime songtresses here. Just you and how badass you want to be.
76561198025213227,Recommended,300580,21570891,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,maxswells,"Great style, intense combat, and the newly added arcade mode opens the game up to less masochistic players."
,Recommended,300580,21686732,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Phwop,"A perfect blend of heart pounding, bullet hell intensity, arcade action, and tactical cunning... Dark Souls meets Asteroids while watching Dragonball Z.This game is tough, replayable, and beautiful. Just the way I like it."
76561198019030238,Recommended,300580,18866483,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,☠NicoZ☠,Really awesome and challenging game at the last seasons
76561197970719909,Recommended,300580,18769536,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Corvo,100% Radness.
76561198003316075,Recommended,300580,18747001,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,VXV,"Well made and addicting game. Dogfighting feels amazing, and you can also be a mech. Downsides are from what I can see: the game is not really lenghty and the season system is strange, since you can't carry your weapon upgrades over game ""seasons"". I feel like the game would be better as a true rogue-lite with a more ""open-world"" design, or at least gave the player the option to choose from variety of missions in the main hub, since the game is RNGing the levels anyway from what I've heard."
,Recommended,300580,18748997,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Alpha & Omega,Just awesome.
76561197991632494,Recommended,300580,18757218,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Aiursrage2k,"Okay first thoughts, its pretty buggy.If you skip the first cutscene the gets stuck in an infinite load screen. If you play in windowed mode you can click out the window (and its still fullscreen anyway).The gameplay is broken down into components - inside the honeycomb where the action is, and outside the honeycombs where there is nothing but asteroids. I bet you'll feel like your going the wrong way in the first mission because it takes so damn to reach the first ""honeycomb"" but no your not. Mission objects -- want to do them out of order -- you cant because guess what the obects only spawn after you compete the first objective.The controls are weird - whats wrong with simply using WASD like in geometry wars, no you have to control the direction of your ship with mouse -- there is mouse accelaration. What this means is you will never want to actually get into a combat with the enemies, every chance you can you might as well just run away.Okay now onto the voice prompts, in the second level when I went to save ""crash"" he kept repeating the same voice-over again, and again (every 30 seconds). Now your player will say the same phrases, after you take damage regardless if you are in combat or not. Oh and you know whats a good idea -- replaying the same damn story soundclip every time you die -- which will probably happen alot.Quite frankly I wish steam had a neutral option."
76561198006829387,Recommended,300580,22026957,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ToPa.,"Just finished rogue mode, can't wait for season 5 to kill The Baron."
,Not Recommended,300580,19822373,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Xiaolinstyle,Game has great art work and gameplay but technical issues and poor controller support(?!?) keep this version from making the jump.
,Not Recommended,300580,26636781,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,fatherboxx,"So many terrible design decisions in this, and each new one makes the previous even worse. Floaty tank controls on top of the perfect aim of the enemies on top of the lazy and overly simple procedural levels on top of the roguelike unlocks and non-replenishing health. If you get stuck on hard stage without some health saved, kiss your♥♥♥♥♥goodbye and prepare to reload dozens of times, every time on a different, hellish map.Also holy♥♥♥♥♥♥who even wants a spaceship/mech game to have stealth elements.It feels like a game that devs had an absolute blast to play but they forgot that not many people have two-three years to master the ridiculously difficult controls. It is an arcade shooter, not IL-2 for fks sakes."
,Not Recommended,300580,29169280,Posted: 10 January,all,Vito,"I don't know about this one. I kind of want to like it, but the controls just make it straight out impossible. The game feels like it should be 'turn the stick left to turn left', instead it is 'turn the stick to the direction you want to go', which is fair enough considered it's a shooter, but there also is inertia, which ramps up the confusion to 11.It looks nice, it feels nice, but the controls ruined it for me."
,Not Recommended,300580,20913920,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,PriNcE oF SpAcE,"the gameplay and mechanics seems fine and I would probably have kept playing if it wasn't for the fact that the game is an unoptimized mess, that keeps crashing and in general suffers from poor performance, even though it's not that great looking. Unity is a garbage game engine in the hands of unproven indie devs... this will be my second refund, can't be bothered with the game constantly crashing especially when you're doing the whole rogue-lite thing.pros: neat gameplaycons: un-optimized garbage that keeps crashing.(there's no reason I shouldn't be able to play this game, when I can play the mass effects series, batman series etc etc. without issues)"
76561197970755243,Recommended,300580,18804786,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mr W,Great little anime inspired shmup.
76561198070875710,Recommended,300580,18755202,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cultefact,"If you are an 80s kid, you should definitely play this game.If you are not an 80s kid, you should play this game.Nowadays I see a lot of games I dreamt of come true and this is one of them.This is a nod to so many things.I think I will go get a control stick for this game."
,Not Recommended,300580,23716771,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cronus,"Do not buy this game.  The maps are randomly generated and it bugged out on me during the 3rd mission, not spawning the objective.  The map showed I'd been everywhere and there was no objective marker, or any other markers(other than the entry point) on the map.  And you cannot restart missions."
76561198024487965,Not Recommended,300580,21042925,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hardworlder,Awful controls.
,Not Recommended,300580,31913069,Posted: 22 May,all,rekenner,Would be better if it understood good roguelike design.
76561198001656242,Recommended,300580,18743328,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,KlausGaming,Extremely polished 2D Arcade space shooter with controller support. Lots of cusomization for your ship and varied missions. The missions are actually hard and if you die you have to restart the entire mission. Check out gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdcGyO3LkVY
,Not Recommended,300580,19201402,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,YagamiBrando,"After playing it for a bit I, unfortunately, have to give this game a ""dislike"". This may be a decent game for somebody, but not for me, although I really tried to like the game.Presentation, music and characters are okay, nothing special, but not bad anyway. I could get through with that. The problem is the gameplay.While many reviews say words like ""Sharp amazing controls"", the controls were not sharp enough for me. The ship is too floaty, strafe option is horrible, and all in all I just don't feel the full control over my ship. Maybe one needs some time to get used to it, but meh, whatever, not comfortable anyway.The next moment is that hard difficulty, constant dying and rouge random generation of the level. Well, some reviews said something like ""You will die a lot and restart a lot and you will love it!"". Well, I honestly expected something like ""Hotline Miami"" in terms of that. You start quick, you kill fast, you die fast, you restart. But no, you aren't gonna have that in this game. The levels have element of exploration, you can fly around the mission for a long time, looking for different upgrades and bonuses, and then be killed by some tough robot enemy and then you will have to start over again. Another mission, different from that one. After you die you are given option of ""quick retry/reset"" or return to main menu. Maybe some of you, my dearest space warriors, think that ""Quick restart"" button will just restart the level - no, you will return to HQ, where you will have to buy every upgrade again, and then start the mission again, while listening to all story-dialogs again. You call that a quick restart? It's like Game Over screen in Castlevania: Symphony of the night, where after waiting for a long gameover screen you are thrown back at main menu where you have to load your game again. And at least creators of CV didn't claim this as a quick restart. Also, all upgrades you've found during the level will be lost (although I can swear I saw a game tip saying these upgrades are never lost, wtf?) and if you find the upgrade in the same place of the level - it can be another upgrade, not the same. Also, at level 1-5 I was always starting with only 1 hp, wtf is that? why? Is the game too greedy to replenish the health between missions? Is this for the sake of hardcoreness? Stupid. Oh and there is ""Rogue"" difficulty level, where you are gonna have checkpoints only between seasons. So you'll have to complete all 5 levels without dying. Imagine exploring level 1-5 for long and after obtaining all upgrades die because of floaty controls and some robots ambush. And you will have to play the whole season again, without anything. And the commentary says ""The game is supposed to be played at that difficulty"". Who is gonna want to explore for upgrades with situation like that? It is just unfair.Don't get me wrong, I do not fear difficulty in video games, good fair challenge is cool, and even insane challenge is cool sometimes (hello final boss from Shinobi on PS2), but sometimes it can be a bad thing. In case of Galak-z I think that such a challenge will just affect the game badly. Maybe one should get at least to the middle of the game to see its true glory, yeah I saw that there will be some fun stuff, like transforming into Gundam Megazord etc. but right now I'm dissapointed. (especially after reading so many praising reviews and hoping the game will be a gem)P.S. Oh yeah, and after launch the steam tablet at the bottom right glitches and I have graphic artefacts in the bottom right of my screen sometimes. Not a good port, it seems, ladies and gentlemen.PERSONAL RATING: 3/10"
76561198020479238,Recommended,300580,18747399,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"The natural evolution of Asteroid, and so, so much more!Hate reading? Check out my impression in REAL TIME HD 1080p TECHNICOLORSPros:_Looks amazing: The game's asthetics is just hmmm, just excellent in everyway. They aimed for a 70s-80s look and hit it dead on. Great style, great animation, attention to details oozing out of its pores._Sounds good: Voice acting is pretty alright, with a nice, clever-at-times-cheesy-otherwise script that is endearing. Sound effect and music are great all around though._Great Gameplay: It's an update to the good ol' Asteroid formula, instead of using the the left and right button to turn, you can just use the whole analog stick to aim at the direction you want to face. The results is a game that controls great but retains the sense of weight in a weightless space. The ship is fast and maneuverable, the lasers are accurate and punchy, locking on and releasing a swarm of several missiles onto multiple enemies feels sublime. Great. Tenanaten. Awesome._Survival/Rogue-lite Design: The game follows a Rouge-lite design, with procedural generation of level and a tough difficulty. It feels like a survival game at times, since your health doesn't recover between missions, so you have to scrap together enough resources to repair and rearm your ship while being able to affort upgrades as well.Cons:_Texture looks murky upclose, but this is fine, since you won't be up close that often._Can be a bit talkative: It doesn't interupt gameplay at all actually. But the characters are in an almost constant conversation with one another. Again, it doesn't interupt gameplay, but does make doing commentary on it rather difficult at times.Overall, is it worth the $20? Yes! They could've sold this at 30 bucks and I'd still buy it. It's an amazing game all around. Worth a buy in every respect."
76561198068610765,Not Recommended,300580,30131725,Posted: 23 February,all,affaffwhen,"Controling the spaceship needs to get better. Graphics are awasome as well the voice over. But the problem is controlling the spaceship is hard, you are aiming and shooting at the same time."
,Not Recommended,300580,19041667,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Windir2112,"This game could have been amazing, but the ship is a bit too floaty for my liking. Had the moment been a bit too tight this game could have been something special. If you can get by that, it's a fantastic game, but it just wasn't for me personally."
,Recommended,300580,18740754,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WooX,Preaty neat spaceship control system.  artwork seems nice and the gameplay itself is challenging but not imposible .
,Not Recommended,300580,25197187,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chris,Too hard. Should have an option for easier gameplay or at least reset health at the start of a mission...
76561198004358155,Not Recommended,300580,18850416,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gaffer Gonz,"It's an okay game, but doesn't have enough depth to really work as a roguelike."
,Recommended,300580,18741282,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CaiNX10A,"Galak-Z is a must play for all anime and mech fans :)IntroductionFirst, a brief anectode.Robotech, that's where it all began for me.Of course, behind the shrouded veil of conspiracy and deceit, there's the real star, Macross: The Super Dimensional Fortress. But for children like meself,  whose only language was English / French or both at the time; Robotech was the tv show that got me into the Real Mecha anime genre that Gundam originally started. The story, the characters, the mech designs, the j-pop songs, space tuna (R.I.P), minmei's plum butt as acknowledged by Cmdr. Focker (or was that Lt? whatever, R.I.P chappie) , and deadly pineapple salads (why I hate salads). Then of course, Gundam, I never got the plot when I was a wee kiddie, but there was this one character in it whose name I never could forgot, Saylah Mass, cuz my aunt shared the same awesome first name, Mobile Suit Gundam 0079!!! It was a glorious childhood.It wasn't until I made it to college that the journey really began, and Gundam, Macross, Yamato, FMP and a lot other series got my attention.Nuff about the pastly past, onto the present.Adulthood is super awesoeme. As mech games became somewhat popular with the advent of indie development, and of course, the games readily available on the Japanese market (GvG: Extreme Versus, and games released by Artdink or From Software).Galak-Z is an homage to the past two decades of mech animes. The developers clearly are fans of Japanese mech animes, and have somewhat created a game that's akin to the episodic nature of the shows we grew up with. The story is pretty much Yamato / Macross at this point. Your battleship is far away from earth, and is traveling back through enemy territory. You are an awesome pilot, A-Tak, who also happens to be the last surviving pilot, flying the last transformable ""variable fighter"" available on your ""science"" vessel helmed by a lady commander named ... Beam. A-Tak and Beam then meets Crash, the salvage dealer/merchant, and the journey begins.The GameThe game is set around 5 episodes, essentially chapters, whereby A-Tak has to undertake about 5 missions per chapter before facing off a big baddie ... from evil space wurm to evil alien superpilot. Each mission are randomly generated whereby A-Tak has to go on salvage runs or destroy enemy equipments to allow your ship to continue it's journey onward to Earth. If you die, it's game-over, but you can start over at the beginning of each episode with a stack of crash (the merchant) coins earned in-game,  which allow you to purchase a few random upgrades for your ship when you begin anew.GameplayThe gameplay is unique, and physics-based as you have to balance between using your propulsion system in a Zero-G environment to navigate asteroids field and derelict space crafts or enemy installations to carry our your jub! A-Tak's piloting skills is very dependent on the player ability to use the in-game flight system to avoid incoming pewpewpew, sssshboomsticks, and dangerous space flora that take away your shield among other things (traps). Lose a health bar and it's permanent. You can either recover it by spending cash to buy +1 HP, or you may receive a temporary HP bonus in-game. And there's the mech ... which changes how you play the game. Equipped with a plasma sword and a shield, you can charge in recklessly for the kill, or grab enemies from afar and hold them as a shield or attack them while trapped in your death grip!There's a also a stealth mechanics, but I came here for the pewpew.Something about the baddiesThe enemy varities are varied between weak scout units, to enemy fighter plane, mechs and I guess, corvettes and later on mini-battleships.Each faction encountered are somewhat very different, raiders have better shielding systems while the antagonistic imperial alien race, have more pewpewpew. And there are space bugs who go squished and often leaves A-Tak to spend his free time cleaning his little fighter.Music and other stuffThe music and game atmosphere is very soothing, and the voice acting is spot-on. Between corny and adorable. I love A-Tak interaction with the crew.VerdictYou read all of that junk? Good, buy it now! :)"
,Recommended,300580,18764343,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,クィーン・エメラルダス,!!!PUROTOKARCHAAAAH!!!
76561198100955117,Not Recommended,300580,24410897,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,View The Phenom,"Developers fail to produce a completed product, after promising to deliver a conclusion to the game's plot. If you like playing through a repetitive endless mode to gain leader board rank, feel free to pick it up. Otherwise, there are better games available."
76561198081011600,Not Recommended,300580,18800855,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,grant,I'm sure I would enjoy this game if I could play it. The game freezes at the end of the first cut scene. It just black screens and takes no input from either keyboard/mouse or my dualshock 3 controller. I have the latest nvidia drivers installed. I've tried googling and searching the Internet for any information but nothing has come up.
76561198043576276,Not Recommended,300580,18867741,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,GosuPat,"It's nothing special, there are way better games for way less."
,Not Recommended,300580,18834856,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,clippa,"Slow, dull, uneventful, far too easy and above all, just plain not fun.This was sold to me as being legendarily difficult.My only guess is that the difficulty of the game was artificially inflated by purposefully awkward controls on the consoles, and that that has been lost in the games transition to pc.Don't believe the hype."
76561198051040139,Not Recommended,300580,22881138,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,stoneworks,This is the last time I will buy an unfinisned game.
,Recommended,300580,22837111,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lousy.,yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
,Not Recommended,300580,22902749,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wip3ou7,"Uninteresting, boring, endless tutorial that will make you quit long before anything interesting happens. I think the whole game is a tutorial actually."
76561198046229336,Not Recommended,300580,18751637,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dr. Wolf,"Meh, just point and click, over and over, while wandering carelessly through long, boring levels that don't hurt you no matter how hard you bump into the walls.Also, proper physics-driven shooters don't give you strafe thrusters and turning so fast that course planning and the trade-off between aiming and flying become irrelevant."
76561198012927286,Recommended,300580,18865964,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Drunksniper,"Light-hearted entertainment with gameplay that is complex, addictive and thought provoking."
,Recommended,300580,18829505,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kim Jong Il [GWJ],"The best ""Robotech"" game ever made.10/10Now hopefully Harmony Gold* doesn't pull their usual crap, and sue 17-Bit for making this homage to Robotech.*F-in trademark squatters..."
76561198120586639,Recommended,300580,18830759,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JasterPax,"This is a great game with intense dog-fighting combat, and 80's cartoon inspired designed, a mech with a laser sword, and rougue like elements to tie it all together, NEED I SAY MORE! The combat is spectacular as it demands you use your surroundings to strategize each encounter. Switching from firing a swarm of missles as the fighter to grabbing ships and throwing them into one another as the mech is awesome, and the tight controls truely compliment this. The Rogue like elements mean you're constantly running into new encouters making for a ton of replayability. Hardcore roguelike players will find it a bit tame compared to games like ""Binding of Issac"", but that doesnt make this any less of a masterpiece. If any part of this game looks attractive to you, GET IT, you'll thank me later."
,Recommended,300580,18830913,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Drake,"Awesome 2D dog-fighting.  The game has great flow to it.  Engagements are tense and fast paced, but you will have moments of calm to catch your breath.  Voice acting is solid as well."
,Recommended,300580,18868781,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Blue,"Hard, surprisingly complex once you get it going, light hearted, frantic, fun and an unabashed love letter to japanese sci-fi. If its tight mechanics and controls do not grab you, then its charm and personality probably will. Not for the faint of heart!"
76561198116144598,Recommended,300580,23201220,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kusu,"Meeeeh... good game thought somewhat overhyped. It's good but it gets repetitive (also frustrating at times)It's a thumbs up for me, since the overall experience was fun for me, but i'd recommend getting it on sale or something. Also, the thing everyone else is complaining about (season 5 being cancelled) was a giant kick in the balls."
,Recommended,300580,20820550,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Aishman,"Sadly, as much as I love the style and how this game looks, there is one big GLARING problem with it: It does not work in many systems. The cut scene will play, but then go to black and the game freezes. It's a common problem that's inflicted many people as per the forum and so far, no fix in sight as the devs haven't said a word since Nov. IF they ever fix this, I'll play the game and gladly change this but until then I can only tell people to not be like me and refund IMMEDIATELY if they have the same problem as I had rather than waiting on hope that it'll be fixed.Update: They fixed it and now I'm finally able to play the game, while many people complain about the controls I found them decent especially since it is physics based. Still, you fly a ship that turns into a robot, that's all my inner child needs to recommend this to anyone that grew up watching Robotech. For Protoculture."
76561198006917462,Recommended,300580,20917253,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Renegade,Great game with a fantastic artstyle!
,Recommended,300580,20735689,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Protongue,"Galak-Z's ship modes empower different tactics and allow the player to set the pace of battle. Initially, I favored safe hit-and-run tactics in fighter mode. After learning the attack patterns of enemies, I preferred engaging directly in mech mode for faster kills. Galak-Z's substantial control scheme, assorted enemy AI, randomized upgrade offerings, and procedurally generated level layouts deliver both variety and genuine challenge. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys tactical combat."
,Recommended,300580,20691923,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Admiral RedPanda,muito bom esse jogo
76561197994746117,Recommended,300580,20336070,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,rpixel2003,"Very Good!!PROS:1 - Gameplay Good;2 - Idea of flight fantasy but with a certain basis in physical reality, very cool;3 - Weapons Varieties and addons equipment to ship large and balanced;4 - Artificial intelligence of the enemies Good;5 - Beautiful scenery and good interaction with him;6 - Visual cartoon very well solved;7 - Voice detail and animation showing opponents pilots in their cockpits increase  the game atmosphere, cool;8 - Sound Effects Goods;9 - Visual Effects Very Nice : ];10 - A little bit hard, Probably new gamers accustomed with the super easy current games(for girls rss) will not like.CONS:1 - I could not take the ship's evolutions purchases following seasons : [2 - SoundTrack could be much better;Anyone who has watched the Anime Macros and liked it, probably will enjoy the theme of the game, ""Is the Same feeling of the Anime Macross"".Best Regards!Ricmage"
,Recommended,300580,20459213,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tom Servo,"Yo this game is an mech anime, except you play it instead of just watching it. Pretty pretty good."
,Recommended,300580,20469014,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,LCS,"If you like 2D Space-Shooters this one is a no-brainer. Controls are complex but easy to understand, transforming into a mech and throwing other ships around just to attack them with your sword afterwards is pure fun. There are two different difficulty options, where one features a more hardcore approach with rogue-like elements, and the other one is simply checkpoint based, so you don't have to worry about dying to much and can enjoy the perfect gameplay.It was originally released on the PS4, and supports the DS4 (including button prompts)."
,Recommended,300580,20573256,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Filwill,It looks great and it's fun as hell to shoot things.  I love the way the ship controls.
,Recommended,300580,25615688,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Neverbound,"An enjoyable modern melting-pot of genres, with a thrust-based shooter basis.(I don't give a fraction of a toss about anime, incidentally. Nonetheless, the blessedly brief story-bits give the game its own light flavor and fun aesthetic. A chuckle or two may've even been elicited.)"
,Recommended,300580,25947002,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mario Dan,"English:Is a good space-shooter like ""Asteroids"". The only reason i could think for no buy it is because you don't like games with high dificult. Other way, the game is well constructed, can improve in various parts, but as it is, it does a very good work.Spanish:Es un buen juego shooter de naves estilo ""Asteroids"". La unica razón que puedo pensar para que no lo compres es que no soportes los juegos con muy alta dificultad. De resto, el juego esta muy bien construido, puede mejorar en varios apartados, pero digamos que cumple bien su función tal y como esta."
76561198051743158,Recommended,300580,28245981,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,jslotkin,"I haven't played for very long yet (just beat season one after 5-6 hours and started season two), but so far I am enjoying it. I started playing a couple of new games at the same time, but this is the one I find myself wanting to go back to.A lot of people are talking about the controls. They are complex, and the complexity is part of the point of the game. If they had wanted to make it really easy to move and shoot in all directions, they could have made the game a twin-stick shooter, but they chose to do something else. Personally, I find the maneuvering controls pretty fun to use and I don't find them too loose or floaty. Given the physics, I expected to be crashing into things a lot, but I pretty much never do. The problem I have is with firing...it seems hard to aim the laser, and also to maneuver while shooting (once you add in the laser, there are just too many buttons). For those with the necessary skill and dedication, I think mastering the combat would be pretty rewarding, although I am not there yet myself.The cheesy cartoon style is very well executed, and the voice acting is great as well."
,Recommended,300580,26208544,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Space Pirate,"I highly recommand this if you like Macross, challenging gameplay ( like, really challenging! ) procedural missions. Retro cartoon style animation, art and dialogues. I bet you ll hate the gameplay at first, then you ll slowly learn to fall in love with it."
,Not Recommended,300580,22788133,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Zeks,5th season never happened. the game basically has no ending to its story
