user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198032369915,Recommended,300550,12954258,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,vukodlak,"Easily my #1 game of 2014. Everything is superb:* The story stands head and shoulders above what gaming usually offers us these days. Whereas I wasn't going out of my way advertising Dead Man's Switch with all its pitfalls to my friends, in Dragonfall's case the story was my main selling point in word of mouth propaganda campaign I unleashed on acquaintances. The case where main plot is an awesome gripping action thriller that doesn't involve saving the world. Lord knows I'm tired of messianic melodramas.* Solid RPG experience with alternate ways to complete runs and extensive use of skill checks.* Gorgeous art by Unity engine's standards, cyberpunk eye-candy. The environments are crafted with care and  meticulous attention to details.* Top-notch diverse music, fitting the setting perfectly.* And now with Director's Cut - finally crisp and utterly enjoyable combat.One major caveat is the delivery. The game has no voice-over or cutscenes. It uses text to a great effect. But it uses A LOT of text, so much so sometimes it almost feels like reading a novel. If that is not your thing... you're missing out. :)10/10"
,Recommended,300550,13812546,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"I greatly enjoy tactical RPGs when they're done right. I'm a big fan of the Tactics Ogre and Final Fantasy Tactics series, and that plus an affinity for cyberpunk novels are mainly what drew me to Shadowrun despite never playing the original SNES or the tabletop RPG.I played Shadowrun Returns and enjoyed my time with it save for a few key complaints, mostly around the pacing, shallow combat, and characterization. I'm pleased to say that all of those issues are cleared up with this game, and that it's an utterly fantastic title. I went so far as to recommend that people skip Returns completely in my review of that game and proceed onto this one instead. It's that much of an improvement.The pacing problems I had with Returns often caused me to lose interest in the game and stop playing it for weeks at a time. Those issues are completely alleviated here. The game seems to have taken some inspiration from the Mass Effect series, as missions are structured in a similar manner in Dragonfall. Something happens in the first mission of the game that creates an overarching plot, and you're gradually working towards the solution of that by taking odd jobs to build up your bankroll. You're also conversing with your regular allies--something else that Returns lacked that I disliked--and completing missions specifically regarding their background. It worked excellently in Mass Effect, and it really works well here.The combat has taken even more inspiration from XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and it now feels far more fleshed out than it did in Returns. Each class has far more depth than it did in Returns, and there are more opportunities to utilize the environment in interesting ways. Some of my favorite missions in the game involved the opportunity to have your computer hacker operate in the Matrix, simultaneously fighting a tactical battle in a cyber world with the aims of unlocking doors and disabling or even turning the security systems to your teams side while they proceed with a battle in the real world. There are some incredibly compelling race-against-time type missions in this game that require that sort of thing. It creates a ton of suspense and allows you to take combat in exponentially more directions than the first game did.The characters and the story in this game is the largest improvement over Returns, though. Your squadmates have obviously been crafted with a caring touch, and they feel like well-rounded human beings (or metahuman beings), which is a far departure from the hire-a-mannekin system that Returns did. They've got their own motivations and their own reasons for being there, and they're not always going to agree with the path you're taking. I even feel like I got a deeper roleplaying experience out of my player character than in Returns. I felt like I had more opportunity to inject my own desired personality into him, which I hadn't realized I was missing in Returns until playing this game. Even the minor characters are compelling, from the civilian engineer dwarf roped into a job she has no interest in doing to the loving Grandfather who works as an accountant but also moonlights as an assassin for a loanshark named Meat Grinder, who he hilariously refers to as ""Mr. Grinder"". Writing is the strength of this game, and it would have compelled me to continue onward and finish even if I didn't really like the combat.I should also mention the music, which was of quality in Returns but seems improved here. I read somewhere that the composer for the music in the original SNES game did this one as well, which was interesting to me. It's very good, and it properly encompasses the mood of a world that's caringly built as an homage to William Gibson's in the Sprawl Trilogy.Gibson, for those who have never heard of him, is to cyberpunk what Tolkien is to fantasy. His novel Neuromancer, released in 1981, inspired a great many of the ideas included in this game, particularly the Matrix, which is nearly unchanged from those novels. I'd highly recommend the fans of this game pick up a copy of Neuromancer and immerse themselves in the grassroots of the cyberpunk subgenre.The only real gripe I can think of is the way the game depicts corporations. It's utterly cliche, uninteresting, and tiresome. Look, I'm no fan of stodgy, bureaucratic, inhuman multinational corporations. But not every company is Comcast. Literally every corporation in this game is depicted as maliciously evil and self-serving to the point where the player is dealing with atrocity after atrocity. The one ""good"" CEO in the game is promptly fired for not putting the bottom line first. That's just boring storytelling. There's great value in turning the cliche on its head, and it would have been nice to see a depiction differing from norm since the writers did such a good job of that otherwise.In conclusion, this is an excellent tactical RPG set in a well-crafted world. It's beautifully presented, beautifully written, and just a hell of a lot of fun. Hairbrained Schemes has met all of the potential set forth by Shadowrun Returns, as this is probably the best RPG I played in all of 2014."
,Recommended,300550,16841001,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"I've played it just after finishing Shadowrun returns(http://steamcommunity.com/id/Whiteswart/recommended/234650), and want to warn everyone: don't start from Dragonfall if you intend to play Dead Man's Switch as well!Dragonfall is such a major improvement to all the game aspects that basic game seems very bleak and rigid one. During very thorough game scenario they even improved the weakest segment of the whole reincarnated Shadowrun game base - a decking process. As I played Dead Man's Switch, I felt ripped 'cause of absolutely intolerable concoction of the decking (hacking) part, which was made as simple shootout almost on the same terms as other fights in the game.In Dragonfall, though, I felt much more decking stuff because of many themed situations, dialogs, skill checks and so on.Another ray of light shines above magic part of the setting, which was also improved, by good scenario and thorough paperwork.As of the combat part, surprise! - it improved as well! While I've made it through all the Dead Man's Switch on the very hard without even dying once, in the Dragonfall battles became more complicated, to the point when I needed a reload sometimes! Although in general game's still not able to rough you good, even in the way that modern XCom does.So! Let's summarise:Pros:- Decent cyberpunk story, fitted in the Shadowrun world as a sock fit to leg. Just as the Dead Man's Switch, Dragonfall is much like a good book you'll be enjoyed reading- More than just a story, this scenario based in the 2054 anarchic Berlin, with broth from politics, corporations, dragons, loosen AI, street gangs and syndicates... I can not vouch for the taste, but it will be hot!- Get me right: it is not an animated story, it's a solid party rpg, one to be memorized after finishing and catching all the way through-Team-based gameplay improved a lot after Dead Man's Switch, as you get your own crew of anarchists. Your decisions will be questioned every now and then, and the more trust you gain, the more powerful your team will be.- Comparing to the first game, all the game aspects were noticeably improved, that includes visuals, audio, game mechanics and general logic. No one can calculate fun-from-the-game, but my guess, they improved that too.Contras:- game become more unstable, it freezes sometimes, and more you play, more you facing an interference (I don't remember stability issues playing Shadowrun Returns)- even with all improvements,1) shootouts still not too hard (I've played only on the hardest, and only two times was forced to reload). AI behavior not amazing, to say it politely. Good level design and scripts helping, but not completely fixing an issue.2) elves is such an imbalanced gap, which obscures every other races! They got more dexterity (and the best way of fighting is still a bigger rifle). They got more charisma - and that means - more etiquette (more successful skill checks). To put it shortly - if you want the best shadowrunner - get an elf!I'd added more race-connected quests and perks next time, if you ask me.3) ""Matrix runs"" still not fitting such a great otherwise cyberpunk game one bit. Good decker should be flowing over the network unnoticed, and not shooting the ices and bringing buddies to cover flanks. That feels like a bull in a china shop every time I'm switching...Overall: it's the best Shadowrun game on the PC at moment. And one of the best cyberpunk games in existence. And pretty solid Party-RPG. My score 8.1/10"
,Recommended,300550,12140171,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"So if you have already been fortunate enough to play Dragonfall, you may be wondering if this is worth playing again. I can quickly and confidently reply: YES, CHUMMER. I beat Dragonfall about a month and half before Director's Cut released. Other than Earthbound or some Elder Scrolls games, I have never replayed an RPG all the way through again. That won't be an issue here.The devs have added some pretty awesome new missions that serve to flesh out Berlin even more. New characters have been added and now you may learn more about your party members past. Speaking of your fellow Runners, they can now pick new abilities and level along with you. (choose between 2 advancements a level) This was something I found to be missing from the original.There is also the matter of the music. The new music is amazing. The achievements help add more goals to draw you into another play through, but that is just a bonus. There is enough here to bring any fan back. Rare thing for a dev to make a ""Director's Cut"" with so many improvements and features. Rarer still, one that doesn't charge for existing owners.New Players: If you are a CRPG fan or Shadowrun fan, please skip the original release until AFTER Dragonfall. Think of that as a treat or really good UGC. This really is one of the best games of the year and turn based rpg fans deserve a great game like this. Great characters, story, and fun."
76561198038688690,Recommended,300550,32101423,Posted: 31 May,all,Zylo,"Is this a good game? Yes.... BUTand its a big butThe game is woefully unpolished. You will often find your units running around doing things you did not tell them to do because the game decided you clicked somwhere you obviously did not. There is no undo action either so you will be forced to roll with your unit running out into the open like an idiot, or save scrum.Also basic features like moving a drone you own or checking its HP out of combat, do not exists.A LOT does not exist out of combat. In one level i hacked a computer and found some pay data on it I could steal. We were in combat so I ignored it, figuring i would just hack back into the computer once we were done... but the game never gave me the option. Once the combat was over the computer became unusable... WHAT?Speaking of which, the game has a nasty habbit of failing to display tooltips for things you can interact with making you miss crucial items or dialogs you could have used durring the mission just because the game forgot to display an ""interact"" icon.There is a great game in here with a great story but its just hidden under so much rust it can be hard to get down, but if you can live with the above flaws it is a fun playthrough."
76561197993210167,Recommended,300550,12803653,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Aetherweb,This is the most fun I've had in a long time. great game for those with children as i can literally get up and walk away without worrying.
76561198071428272,Recommended,300550,12820931,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Del_Grant,"The Sci-Fi Baldurs gate.  Most missions have more than one ending, side quests that you can do or ignore as you see fit, well written party members with their own stories and personal quests.  The main story has several possible endings based upon choices you make earlier in the game."
,Recommended,300550,12148739,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,The Dark Apostle,"As much as I loved Shadowrun Returns, Dragonfall as a DLC was superior. Dragonfall as an enhanced standalone, with a much sexier interface? Shut up and take my mo--... Wait, I already own it. Hats off Harebrained Schemes. I've only just started playing, but the fact that you gave  copies of this to the folks who'd already bought this title potentially makes you the coolest company on the face of the planet. You already had a solid fan in me, but now it's cemented.Now that the licking is over, on to the game! I'll probably add more to this review when I actually finish it, but I played for a spell, and having already beaten DF as a DLC I can see it is a remake, but very well done. The UI is much less clunky and there's far less guess work involved. The combat flows a lot more smoothly and the status effects (Eg Bleed) are much more evident from the word go. They have done a graphical polish as well, and everything looks a lot more smooth. I'm also looking forward to seeing if they've fixed some of the minor graphical issues from SR:R, but assume that they have on the grounds of awesomeness.For those of you who've never played this title, it's a definite buy. When in DLC form it was already a much more comprehensive and enhanced game than the basic adventure (Which was still enjoyable) and has a lot more to offer in terms of plot, depth of characters and a general feel of the universe. After playing this title obsessively I was actually able to walk into Shadowrun, the RPG and actually know the world a lot better, making me seem like less of a N00b, so it is true to the IP.As a game? Tactical and awesome. Is it mutable? YES. You COULD hardcharge the door... But honestly my character is a high charisma hacker and I make out like a bandit. Does it actually have a story and character development? Yes, Yes, YES. And apparently even that had some additions in the stand alone. Totally worth it. Pick it up, settle into the gritty world of Shadowrun, and remember this; There's no such thing as a milk run.See you, chummer."
,Recommended,300550,32802148,Posted: 25 June,all,Landsknecht,"Tight, well-written, engaging, and oozing charm and flavor. Dragonfall is one of the best cRPGs out there; Harebrained hits WAY above its weight class.Strongly recommended for all RPG fans."
76561197989220533,Recommended,300550,15906019,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,PandaProphet,"Great game all around. Would definitely reccomend.Did you like XCOM? Buy this game.Did you like Wasteland or Wasteland 2? Buy this game.Did you like Fallout 2? buy this game.Pros:-Deep story. Lots of twists, sidequests, and alternative emdings. Make sure to talk to your companions! (for instance, Gloria has an awesome sidequest.) At one point I rescued an enslaved cyborg troll who had an ax and a chain gun for hands.-The combat is very well done turn-based style. The diversity of spells, guns, body modifications, classes, and companions allows for many styles of gameplay. Also, the inclusion of spirits makes for really fun battles when the enemy is deeply entrenched.-Runs fast, even on bad computers. On my 2010 macbook I managed to pull 55-60 fps consistently without overheating.-Good graphics. Definitely not top of the line, but it works well for the cyberpunk atmosphere and isometric view.-Doesn't hold your hand very much. You have to figure out the puzzles and where to go. But not as open world as Wasteland 2 or Divinity Original Sin.-Steam Workshop has amazing alternate campaigns and add-ons. Seriously, a few of them are better than DMS which was the original campaign for Shadowrun Returns.-Console is easy to use and gives opportunities to play with the game to your liking. Big Heads, movespeed, changing sprites, free money, etc.-World editor is very intuitive. If you want to mess around with making new content, it is pretty simple to understand and grants a lot of depth and freedom.Cons:-Map for Kruezbar is annoying. Trying to find all the available merchants and running around took me a few hours to get used to and I still can't find the damn cybernetic place sometimes.-A few freezing bugs. At one point I had to restart a level because the combat system got stuck on an enemy turn. Not a common occurence but definitely frustrating when it does happen.-Fighting in The Matrix isn't nearly as cool as I was hoping for. A bit repetitive and sometimes overwhelmingly difficult."
,Recommended,300550,12570385,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Nick²,"Okay, so I've never played Shadowrun Returns (although I may because of this game), the reason I got this one was because of Rock Paper Shotgun's review of this game, which said this is a strong game and worth being standalone. I wholly concur. This is an incredible game with a great story, wonderful attention to detail, and meaningful choices. There are very few other games that offer such an excellent experience, and at 15 dollars for my approximately 30 hours of gameplay, it is quite cheap.Gameplay simply works. Think XCOM: Enemy Unknown and you've essentially got everything you need to know. It's a small squad strategy game with quite a bit of RPG elements. I would have preferred a first person shooter with tactical elements, but I would also have preferred that the developers had a billion dollar budget and a 300 man team, as they would have made it damn near perfect. What we got, though, is a mean and lean game that runs on an engine which allows the developers to create assets and missions efficiently on a tight budget.I loved the aesthetics and even enjoyed the techno-magic setting, which I thought would be somewhat silly, it is pulled off quite well here. Much of the setting seems to be taken from the novel Neuromancer, although this could be partly because I focused so much on being a decker (hacker) and dealt quite a bit with a certain artificial intelligence.All in all I really do love this game, and I recommend to anyone intrigued by this review as well as to the people who like a good story in their games. Seriously, get it; this is a great game."
,Recommended,300550,17278100,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Orlandeau993,"Easily one of the best CRPGs that I have ever played and critically acclaimed to be the best cyberpunk turn-based game thus far, Shadowrun: Dragonfall surprises me at how good it allows you to weave your story.Dragonfall has a simple premise and a generic story. HBS masterfully provide a myriad of ways to complete each quests, connecting each story and welcoming you to its lore, embracing you with its universe, slowly and without force. It makes you care about it and you will not realize it until its too late.This is a prime example of a simple story done right. Instead of giving you explosions, supernatural powers or meteor showers, Dragonfall gives you emotions, it gives you a sense of ownership, a sense of belonging, a sense of dread, a sense of anger and a sense of exhilaration. Now if you read this and think that this is not for you, then this game is simply not for you. As for me, a true RPG comes from the heart, where your emotions are subtly affected each moment you progress and are deeply affected by it so much so that it makes you think beyond and perhaps your own life. I have never played a game where the companions are so extraordinarily done - these are characters with flaws and grey morality, these are people, these are your friends, this is your team.No I did not feel this 5 minutes after I started the game, in fact, I have no recollection of when I start caring, sometimes, having played numerous games, I treat games as it is, just. Games. I played and I played and I care and this game succeeded and that's what matters.At the end of the game, I chatted with my friends and we have a good discussion towards the game. We were all surprised that despite the similar journey that we tread, all of us do it for very different purposes. Though we have our differences, each one of us agreed that this is one hell of a game.Despite its brilliance, no game is perfect, and so I am obliged to tell you the negative points in the game:- Camera Options: There is simply no way to rotate the camera in any shape of form, this can sometimes be very frustrating: from not knowing where to go and the miss clicks which do happen more often that you thought.- Weak Enemy AI: The AI does not make the best move possible, in fact, it usually does the worst move ever with the exception of the occasional throw of a grenade when your team is too bunched up together.It is a blasphemy that some RPG players do not own such a high quality game with very minor flaws and a small price tag. If you consider yourself one, please get a copy immediately.TLDR: A must-have for any mature RPG players who wants the real deal."
76561198074108368,Recommended,300550,18997258,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,troylights,"2054.  Berlin.  The Flux State.  It's a world of magic, technology, metahumans, megacorporations, and dragons.  You are a Shadowrunner, a criminal who does the dirty work for clients who can pay for your skills.  But things aren't always as they seem, as you'll soon find out.As the story unfolds, you'll find yourself faced with some hard choices.  Your clients can't or won't give you the whole story, and moral ambiguity will cloud the decisions you make.  Not only that, the way you lead your team can have repercussions on how they view you.  As you progress through the story, they may open up to you, giving you information about their lives.  I felt like this was really well done.  Your teammates have back stories, character flaws, and even side quests.  It's up to you to say and do the right things to gain their trust.Since this game is very much story driven, be prepared to do a lot of reading.  It's not voice acted at all.  You are given dialog choices in response to things that characters say, and sometimes it's not possible to know where the conversation may be heading.  Sometimes you have choices based on your character's skill stats and ""etiquettes.""  Unless you use a guide, you won't know ahead of time whether you'll gain an edge in the conversation or not.  Not to worry, though, since the stat based choices generally are there to make the game easier.  You may gain ""karma,"" which is used to level your abilities, or you might find a way to avoid a fight by finding an alternative solution to the problem at hand.Nevertheless, sometimes you'll have to fight.  The combat system is pretty straightforward.  With a mix of magic, technology, and various kinds of weapon-based & unarmed combat skills, you direct your team to act through careful positioning, defense, and attacks.  How much you can do in your turn depends on your action points (AP).  You can use any character in any order during your turn to fight until all of them have used up their available AP.  Then the enemy AI will have a turn.  Outcomes are determined by your character stats and a ""role of the dice,"" so to speak.  That RNG factor adds a bit of uncertainty, but I never found it to be unfair.  It affects the enemies as well.In a late game mission, I was having a blast letting some of the enemies fight each other.  It got a bit hectic, since my team got spread out.  Sometimes I moved a team member around a corner and straight into enemies I couldn't see before.  Depending on how you handle it, some fights can become rather drawn out affairs.  If things don't go as planned, you may have to repeat the fight from the last save point.  The game does have an autosave feature that puts you back at the last point before most battles.  Of course, it never hurts to manually save after a battle either.Sometimes the fights happen in cyberspace.  If one of your team members has the Decking skill, you can explore and fight in the matrix by ""jacking in,"" as the game puts it, at specially marked terminals.  By hacking nodes in cyberspace, you can find information to earn money, unlock doors to find loot, and gain control of security cameras in order to possibly avoid fights. Fighting is a fun challenge, often necessary, but not a requirement for leveling your character.  I recall one mission where my character, a Decker, entered the place, did the job alone, and exited without killing anyone in ""meat space.""As I said before, there is no voice acting.  However, I thought that the musical tracks set the tone for the different areas rather well.  Likewise, the top down graphics are simple, yet effective.  No complaints from me there.  Occasionally, though, the game engine has issues.  While it's possible for your team to escape from a fight if the exit is nearby, I experienced a bug in one of the early missions where all of my team had left, yet the enemy turn went into an infinite loop.  I wound up repeating part of that mission from the last save point.  Another issue I experienced from time to time was a temporary inability to control my character in cyberspace.  I could pan around the scene, but I wasn't able to do anything with my character during my turn.  After a short time, though, it would become responsive once again.  I didn't experience it myself, but many have reported a serious bug that prevents progression in the ""APEX Rising"" mission.Bugs aside, there are some things that I wish the game had.  Many cRPGs have text logs of all the conversations that you've had in the game, including the dialog choices that you've made.  This feature is sorely lacking in Shadowrun:  Dragonfall.  There were times when I wanted to review the conversation I just had for clues that I might have missed on the first go.  Or I might have accidentally clicked too fast and missed something that was said in part of the dialog.  Another thing I noticed is that equipping an extra weapon to my player character wasn't very user friendly.  For example, my Decker had three slots.  I equipped an SMG, a cyberdeck, and a drone.  During a mission, if I picked up another gun as loot, it was available for me to use during fights and later sell for profit.  However, if I sold that weapon, I wasn't able to equip another weapon that I purchased in its place.  The purchased weapon would be in my stash, but I couldn't equip it without swapping out my SMG, cyberdeck, or drone.I should also mention that it's possible to customize the equipment for your team to some extent, but only your main character is fully under your control when it comes to equipment and upgrades.  After certain missions, you are also given a choice for each team member as far as upgraded skills or items are concerned.  If, for some reason, you're not happy with the skills available from your base team members, you are also given the option of hiring people at the start of the main missions.  You still get the skill upgrades for the base team members even if you don't use them in missions, though.I recommend Shadowrun:  Dragonfall.  Minor issues aside, it features a great story and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,300550,13129092,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Trip Hazard,"Bit of a cautious review, this one. I'm only ten hours deep into a game that I've heard can take upwards of thirty hours to beat, and my appreciation of it hinges heavily on how the story plays out.So far, though, I'm very optimistic.Basic info first. Dragonfall is the expansion for Shadowrun Returns, and this Director's Cut is completely standalone. The game takes place in Berlin, in a cyberpunk future where humans, elves, trolls, and some other races, share roughly equivalent status and co-exist peacefully, at least notionally. Naturally, there are factors - indeed, there are factions - which threaten to destabilise what could potentially grow into a decent world for all, and your merry band of shadowrunners will be at the centre of it all.Combat is turn based, and during normal play you can only control ""your"" character, with the other party members following along behind you. It would have been nice to be able to direct them independently, to get a tactical advantage when you know a fight is brewing, but c'est la vie, one can't have it all. You'll use guns, wield knives and swords, cast spells and summon spirits in order to defeat your many and varied foes. To level up you use Karma points, which are earned as they are in every RPG ever: by completing quests. There aren't enough that you can be a jack-of-all-trades, so try to pick a class you enjoy and go with it.The combat system is robust, with actions playing out on a tile (or hex) based grid, and plenty of cover to make use of, simply by moving next to it. Flanking bonuses are available, and critical hits are possible on exposed enemies (or on your own team, if you fail to take cover), so it's important to find a decent place and use your action points, or AP, judiciously. You don't want to run out of them and end up stranded in the middle of the room, where everyone can take pot-shots at you. Your team can be equipped with items, such as grenades or medpacks, which can be used at an AP cost and could tilt a fight in your favour. Don't think you can just hoard loads of grenades, though, as inventory space is quite limited. Certain characters will also be able to ""jack into"" computers and fight in virtual reality, which comes with its own set of abilites, but I've not done much of that yet. It's all turn based and on a grid, though, so probably not that different.One issue I've had with the combat is that it isn't always possible to tell whether moving to a particular space will let you flank an enemy. I've had to chance a move on a couple of occasions, and I wasn't always able to flank even though the situation seemed very similar. I think a visual indicator before you make your move would have been a great help - perhaps as a toggle so more experience players could disable it?The real meat of this game, though, is the story. Now, as I say, I'm just dipping my toes in really, but so far it has been very impressive. Shortly after the start, there are some jaw-dropping twists which I didn't see coming, and there haven't been any missions so far which felt like filler, or which took place in boring locations or with boring NPCs. The writing is strong, and the beautiful portrait artwork for different characters does a lot more to inspire my imagination that some plastic-faced polygonal goon ever would. There have been quite a few spelling and grammar errors in the script, though. Not enough to ruin the experience, certainly, but enough to stand out and jolt me out of the experience.With an interesting world, lovely art, very strong writing and some decent, if not particulaly inventive, combat, Shadowrun: Dragonfall is well worth your time. Jack meoffI mean IN, jack me in."
76561198030176685,Recommended,300550,15937931,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kaustek,"I honestly can not find the right words to express my feelings towards this game. I currently have a tear rolling down my cheek from the sheer excellence bestowed upon me. If it was possible to swim in a sea of nostalgia, then this game would push me below the waves and send me to my doom.I absolutely love it. It has heart, it has soul, it has me actually reading all the text. The story is engrossing, the characters are lovable. I have a really bad fear that after I finish this game,  I won't be able to continue living my boring life.I applaud the creators of this game for the masterpiece put in front of me. Thank you for this gem."
76561198045757409,Recommended,300550,12604707,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kocel,"Dragonfall is one of the best RPGs I've played in the last five years. Why, you may ask? Well, let me ask YOU a question, what do you want out of an RPG?Let's say you want plot. A setting. Dragonfall has you covered. This takes place in the world of Shadowrun BEFORE the tabletop. You're about forty years past the 'Awakening', an event that rocked our modern world and brought forces and creatures of magic back into it. Chief among those were the great dragons,  whom loom over both the setting and this campaign from on high. Along with magic, technology has surged forward, resulting in a cyberpunk fantasy mish-mash where your shamanistic mage can have an artificial eye, your hackers summon digital minions within the virtual world, and your drone-controlling medics can choose to fight with sword rather than gun. This strange mash of the cynical and fantastic makes a setting that is neither too grimdark nor too silly. A proper Shadowrun setting sets a perfect balance of moods and themes, and Dragonfall, fortunately, is no exception. I won't spoil the actual plot proper past what I've already said, but just know that it's full of twists and turns and has a wonderful depth.Let's say you want party members. A good party can make or break an RPG, and Dragonfall's definitely 'makes' it. You have the dark, distant Glory, wielder of two terrifying cybernetic arms and skilled field medic. There's the aging Dietrich, a middle-aged punk-rocker shaman slightly past his prime, driven by his idol to keep seeking 'the good fight' until death. You have the professional, rigid troll marks-woman Eiger, with whom you will butt heads until you can win her respect. Aside from them, you also have Monika, team leader, local hero, and skilled decker, and Blitz, a former gang member decker/rigger who may or may not be more trouble than he's worth. Oh, yeah, and you also have a dog. No team is complete without a dog.Each party member comes with their own backstory to explore, along with personal quests. The only thing missing is a love interest, but that's refreshing, in a way. You come to care about these characters because they're members of your team, not just because you want to get into their digital knickers.Finally, let's say that you're willing to play literally any RPG as long as it actually plays well. Well, then I've got good news for you. Dragonfall's engine has been tooled up to be better than the one that was used with Shadowrun Returns, and there's a deep selection of character skillsets to invest in. Combat is fair and, for the most part, only punishing when you make a mistake. There was only one mission in this game that I felt was unfair, and it was mercifully brief. Levels are well designed and hold a plethora of options that are available to you if you invest in certain skills. The only real complain I have on this end is that you're rewarded experience not for combat, but for resolving quests/dialogue paths. However, this also adds a refreshing twist; this is finally an RPG where you don't have to murder everything to get ahead. At the same time, if you choose to pursue optional combat encounters, there's often a little bit of loot hidden in the area to reward you.So, in the end, we have a game that's balanced on plot, characters, and gameplay. Not only do you have those three pillars of quality, but they're complimented by fantastic art and an atmospheric soundtrack. Dragonfall is the RPG of the year for me, and it left me feeling inspired to write and create worlds that are as deep and complex as this. If I had to recommend only one RPG on Steam, it'd be this one. That's how good it is.... Oh, and that's only the core campaign. Took me thirty-five hours. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll be heading back to try out some of the community-made fare..."
,Not Recommended,300550,18007354,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Two-Guns,"First off, this is my first review on Steam and I am really disappointed that it is a negative one.I would truly love to recommend this game but I cannot.  The story is engaging, the characters are done well, and the gamplay excellent.  I liked the variety of ways you could play through the game as the main character and there is a ton of different weapons, items, spells, etc to keep yourself occupied with.  In fact, I have three new games that are in various stages just so I could play around with things.  Then I hit the brick wall.I was having a blast with the game on my most advanced playthrough until I came across the ""infamous"" (news to me) Apex Rising bug.  It happened just as I wrapped up the purge cycle and was hitting the final button.  OK, whatever, I'll just restart.  Five minutes in on the restart and bam, bug time.  I then hit the net to figure things out and find that this bug is famous.  Now comes the five more tries using suggestions from various forums and such.  Still bugged.  I then take one of my less advanced playthroughs to the Apex Rising mission.  Again, the game glitches.  Every time it glitched I was in a different spot and doing different things.What frustrates me the most though, is the copy-paste response from the developers themselves on the Steam forums with still no fix.  All it leaves me with a game that I enjoyed but can't finish.  Hopefully if you buy this game it works for you, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,300550,32748752,Posted: 24 June,all,TheIronKilt,"Absolutely loved it. Cyperpunk is a genre sorely missing in today's creative landscape, and cyperpunk RPGs even moreso. Loved every second of this game. I have pretty bad ADHD so a lot of reading can be daunting for me, but Dragonfall's world and writing grabbed me so hard that I flew through the paragraphs and paragraphs of description/dialogue/world building. That is an achievement in and of itself, honestly.Gameplay is similar to modern XCOM, maybe a little too easy at times, but engaging enough to carry the gripping neo-noir plot."
,Recommended,300550,16645342,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Junta,"The game is far from great in many ways - the lack of interaction with the game world otherwise present in many RPGs, the small amount of quests, the lack of freedom and exploration which would've been great in this setting if present.However what makes up for that is a Shadowrun setting itself (Neuromancer meets fantasy basically), well thoughtout RPG system with no junk spells and skills - having few but straight to the point, good writing avoiding many cliches with many skill checks in dialogues, quests with alternative ways to deal with issues for various character builds, lack of trash combat encounters designed to artificially extend the game time in many other RPGs - which helps since the game does not award XP for kills, only for quests. Your actions also have consequences that are far more than getting different dialogue lines later in the game and almost all quests present you with choices to affect the game. The downside however is that none of that is big enough to warrant a replay.Compared to Shadowrun Returns' railroaded progression the game also sees improvement in a form of hub from which you embark on quests, which itself has quite a few interactions with the local populace.Overall it's almost a proper fantasy-cyberpunk RPG and I've enjoyed it a lot more than its RPG ""competition"" - Wasteland 2 and Pillars of Eternity."
76561198010218764,Recommended,300550,13898759,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,WoefulTeacher,This game is in fact a time machine which will take you back to the golden age of gaming.
,Recommended,300550,13673294,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rawket_bza,"The best game I played in 2014, and I got it for six bux.Sure it may not have the sweet grafix or 100 hours of gameplay Dragon Age: Inquisition has, but the team at Harebrained Schemes makes Bioware look like a room full of monkeys on typewriters well before they come up with Shakespeare.Dragonfall's plot starts strong with a run gone wrong, and subsequently builds into a truly ridiculous but somehow believable cyberpunk-fantasy nightmare peppered with well-written conversations with your team. Contrast that with the inane ""party chatter""  and epic stories in most modern RPGs and Dragonfall feels like a game from another time. You'll learn a lot about each member of your team, and their stories don't feel contrived as they open up over the course of the game.There are quite a few side missions, too, for a game of this length. You're given some room to pursue side goals, and your team members might ask you for help with personal problems sort of like Mass Effect but less goofy. This is the kind of game you feel sad about completing because you won't see any more of the characters you've grown close to in such a brief amount of time.As for the combat, well, it's a bit simplistic. If you're looking for a tactics game with the complexity of Disgaea or Final Fantasy Tactics you'll be disappointed. Combat revolves around cover, basically. You'll want to keep enemies in clear view while positioning your team to not be shot in the face, outside of special cases like spell casters and ley lines. A friendly or enemy caster standing in a major ley line is a terror.In terms of progression, rather than leveling up and numbers everywhere you gain Karma for completing objectives and your team members gain perks every few missions. You can choose one of two perks per ""level"" for your team to specialize them further, such as having your soldier Eiger focus on sniping skills rather than shotguns. For yourself, you've got more choice with a full spectrum of stats and skills based on which stats you increase. As far as I can tell any sort of build for the player character is viable as long as you focus on one or two things and don't spread everything out.I ran into a couple buggy situations requiring me to rewind my save a bit, but nothing truly game ruining cropped up in my 20 hours or so of play.So yeah, if the game is still on sale when you read this buy it. If it's not on sale buy it anyways, it's the best RPG to come out in years."
,Recommended,300550,32360196,Posted: 12 June,all,Tobster,"Hacking, intrigue, shooting, dragons, implications of greater looming dangers. Excellent story, very solid gameplay, a few annoyances here and there but nothing major. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,300550,13649798,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,yasunori,"Best RPG of 2014, hands down.Yes, i have played Divinity Original sin, no, i don't particularily care for Dragon age.Cyberpunk setting is refreshing, story actually does something for me, a lot of small, but really heartwarming things for an RPG fan. For example, a minor detail - companions don't give you control over their loadout and to some degree even leveling progression - is genius, minmaxing trinkets on silent slaves, as it usually is, doesn't come close.No stupid ""balance"", where there is a specific carefully laid out way for every archetype and build, so everybody feels like a winner. Lack of said way for some skills only contributes to overall role-playing experience: for instance i took ""etiquette: socialite"" and used it exactly once, because i mostly dealt with gangs and security (seriously, what did i expect?). And i loved being punished for that choice, or, should i say, not being pandered to.Interface could be better, and graphics aren't really 2014-like, but the game is good enough not not care about it."
,Recommended,300550,31713756,Posted: 12 May,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:Turn based, RPG, StrategyValue Proposition:Very high, 25 ish hours main campaign and tons of really well made user created campaigns.BSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): It's a fairly simple but traditional turn based strategy game in that there are really too many to name here. Obviously Shadowrun Returns and Hong Kong are relevant.Concomitant Exposition and SummationHey, wanna buy some magic?Shadowrun: DragonFallis a turn based RPG/Strategy game. It's pretty strait forward if you are not new to the genre. Shadowrun is based on a table top game and furthermore the SNES original. Shadowrun is a strange ol' bird. The specifics of the lore are more suggested rather than have it be derived from any over arching canonicity. The lore is so large that none of these games can appropriately do it justice, each instance is something usually very character specific and only touches on small areas of the universe.Shadowrun is also unique in that it combines traditional fantasy roles and races with futuristic cyberpunk cities, robotics and it's own version of cyberspace. Mixing hacking, drone control and the ability to summon spirits within your party is what makes Shadowrun stand out despite its relatively ubiquitous mechanics and traditional roleplaying.Now, I have some complaints that I'd like to talk about because I feel that'd be a better way to get my points across rather than reiterate what is traditional about it.The game has a surprisingly lack of customization in character builds, I mean this in the party aspect. There is only one inventory and the items within your stash are loaned to other runners you bring with you.I understand the party members are highly integral to the story but it would have been nice to have more influence over how they behaved in battle by having more choice of how they level and what is in their loadout. Only the aforementioned loaned inventory is truly able to be used and you have a binary choice of how they level between two options. Otherwise, they come with their own gear.You really only control the main character and it makes the game seem a bit simplified and personally I felt it made it slightly contrived. The menu is also not that great unless you're in a battle. Seemingly basic stat and inventory viewing is bit more obfuscated then it needs to be.You have the choice between 3 other party members when embarking on a mission. The narrative heavily implies that specific people are more important and they'll come along with you for free but you can hire other runners for seemingly very little nuyen( the currency) which makes their loyalty seem a bit fleeting as well as you own team not coming with you on missions. Maybe I'm just being a bit nit picky here.THE GISTShadowrun: DragonFall has a very unique lore and universe but is mechanically traditional. The real get here is the user created campaigns that can extend and renew your interest. I just wish there was more customization for inventory and class building of other party members.Follow my curation page for more."
,Recommended,300550,12282049,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"I played Dragonfall initially just after its original release. I very much enjoyed it then. With the free Directors Cut upgrade for previous owners, I thought it would be a good excuse to play it again. I'm glad I did. I spent about 40 hours on y DC playthrough. I thought it was even better the second time around. The new missions were cool, and I think the game improved quite a bit with the upgrade.  The Runners being able to level up along with your character was pretty cool. They get a more XCOM style of upgrade rather than the direct point expenditure of your main character for upgrades. The distinction is cool and works well. Speaking of your fellow runners, they all have stories that you can learn throughout the playthrough that incorporate quests into them. Those were all quite fun I thought.The graphics all look a bit more polished, and everything tends to look better now than it did before (at least it does to me). The UI is significantly better as well.Anyway, story wise, I thought it was better than Dead Mans Switch overall (although I think the ending of DMS was better). As my 40 hours of gameplay should tell you, there is a lot to do in the game. Ton of content.9 out of 10. I thought this game was even better the second time around.As a nice little bonus, there are also cards and achievements for this game."
,Recommended,300550,14275718,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nikenemesis✨,"Welcome to the year 2054. Set in dystopian futuristic Berlin. This game weaves the fantasy and cyberpunk atmosphere  with an environment filled with megacorporations of intriguing power hungry individuals mixed with a shady underworld holding the downtrodden residents. Gang-warfare, magic and virtual-reality all co-exist in this old school isometric role-player with turn-based combat creating an experience where you can make a difference by being the peerlessShadowrunner9/10"
,Recommended,300550,27995348,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Deathstruck,"The best entry in the series and my personal favourite.Improves on almost everything that was rather lackluster in Returns. From new weapons, more polished functions and new gameplay enhancements like flanking and armor to character development, both stats and story-wise.The narrative pacing, combined with gameplay segments work in a wonderful synergy, which is further uderlined by the great atmosphere of the cyberpunk-y anarchistic Berlin.The only thing that bothered me was that it wasn't longer, no backwards editor compatibility with Hong Kong assets and some story/character ties that were left a bit too open for my taste. And the obvious ""tablet/smartphone"" UI, but that was just a small issue IMHO.Also, to anyone who was as invested in the shenanigans of the Allied German States and the Kreuzberg kiez, as me: I recommend reading the ""Datapuls ADL"" sourcebook, that is sort of an official continuation of Dragonfall and details such things like the fate of post-anarchistic Berlin, Kreuzbasar, and the surrounding areas in the 2070s. Unfortunately, it is available only in German.All in all, I definitely recommend this game. Had tons of fun with it (even more with the editor) and  for me personally, it is one of the highlights amongst the newest cRPG titles - a genre that is currently re-emerging again in full strength.An event that makes me incredibly happy!P.S.: Glory is best girl.Yes, I have no shame."
76561198001002443,Recommended,300550,12690256,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Exas45,"I can't say I've ever written a review before, but the devs are calling for feedback. I've only played a few hours worth into the game, possibly less than half way, but I already REALLY like this game. If you enjoy Cyberpunk, RPGs, or squad turn-based combat, there's a good chance you'll like this game. You don't need to be aquainted with the Shadowrun universe, I wasn't, Dragonfall explains the setting well. The writing is surprisingly high-quality; your squadmates are fully-fleshed out characters with their own thoughts and opinions on you and your missions. Unfortunately, Dragonfall doesn't support any translations, you can only purchase an English version.Sorry if this review seems a little bare-bones. Just buy Dragonfall; you'll be happy."
76561198006338769,Not Recommended,300550,31530297,Posted: 3 May,all,godsentme,"TLDR: Good story and good game mechanics all things considered, but lots of small (and one huge) issues just bothered me too much. I bought it when it was on sale and despite the issues I would recommend anyone to do the same if interested in tactical RPGs.The good things:- I liked the selection of dialogue choices and the fact that what you see on screen is what your character will actually say. This is opposed to Bioware games (Mass Effect, Dragon Age) where the actual response may not even have the attitude the selection seemed to give.- Target hit chance is given per bullet and not per ability. Meaning if you burst fire, you may miss with first bullet, but may still hit with the second one. Seems like obvious game design, but considering it's not the case with the popular X-Com reboot, thought I'd mention it.- More than one way to approach missions, depending on your skillset.- If you care about them, then all the achivements can be acquired with 1 playthrough with minimal backtracking, that's including the game endings. Make sure to read through an achievement guide, because there's one thing that can force you to replay almost half the game (the 2 Dante achievements). Also you can create a character that will have access to majority of ""optimal"" paths while still being good in combat (Tip: Get security etiquette, then probably gang and corporate).The annoying things:- While overall the story and setting were good, there were many things that just irked me. We are in this future high-tech cyber society where secrecy and flow of information is important, and I completely understand that they had to make ""hacking"" something playable and the way it was done doesn't bother me, but these passwords are just nonsense. Important company terminals have one short dictionary word as passwords (and no username), private apartments are locked just behind a 4 digit PIN that doesn't even lock after inputing it wrong numerous times. There are other small things like that which break the suspension of disbelief for me, though that's probably a personal problem.- UI and team/item management. Why can't I see the stats or equipment of my team members while in the hub area? Why can't I see the upgrades I've chosen for my team members during missions? Why can't I give items I find during a mission to a team member? Why can't I equip a (newly acquired) weapon during a mission? Why can't I look at mission items while having the keypad menu open (mission items contain also passwords so you want to see them for input)? Why don't the abilities have keybinds?- Difficulty. Game recommended hard for players who are at home with tactical team based combat, so I chose hard. While the first mission felt challenging (mostly cause it was the first time I played it), the game got easy quite fast and the last 4 or more missions were a cakewalk and that's even without relying on loading a save. I am fairly certain it's because at later stages of the game I invested a lot of points into Quickness, Ranged weapons and Rifles while using an automated rifle, and it definitely felt like the strongest weapon in the game. I had 90%+ chance to hit and most hits were criticals.- Two smaller bugs I remember, that annoyed me enough to mention them. When equipping a new weapon at character loadout screen and when you already have the maximum weapon slots used (I had a deck and 2 grenade launchers), the new weapon just disappears. It's as if you don't have it anymore, though it seems to be only a visual bug since I had it equipped in the mission, but regardless I had to waste a bit of time in reloading my game a few times. For Eiger's final upgrade I chose the ability Speed Loader, which reloads all of your weapons for free (no AP usage), I used it 3 times and it didn't reload either of my weapons. Didn't bother to try more than that.All of the bad things I mentioned so far wouldn't have been enough to actually give a thumbs down, but there's this one bug, that unless you know what the issue is, can make you waste a lot of time or outright make you quit the game. In the second to last mission, APEX Rising, there is an issue with saving the game. You save the game and then the game stops responding, you can move the camera around and even go to the menu, but nothing else really works. Now this happened 2 or 3 times before while playing, but in that particular mission there's a difference - it also removes your saves from certain point. Granted it kept the saves from a certain point in that mission, so you don't need to restart it, but after 3 reloads, I was done. I googled and there was a developer response to it in 2015, they are aware of the issue and it's caused by saving the game when you have started the decking and need to hold out for a number of turns and the workaround is simply to NOT save your game during that time. To this day the developers have not fixed this bug, they explained it to be very complex and most likely did not want to dedicate that much time for it. That's the main reason for not giving this game a thumbs up, for wasting a lot of my time on lost progress. When doing APEX Rising mission, just make sure you save after arriving in the basement and never again during this run. The mission itself was very easy."
,Recommended,300550,12184914,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,GimmickMan,"I've never been a big fan of Shadowrun, even though I'm an avid roleplayer, so it is a testament to Dragonfall's solid writing that it made me want to dig into the tabletop RPG.The game drops you in the middle of Berlin's Flux State, an anarchic city with greedy megacorps, heinous cults and scheming dragons. All are vying for power and any individuals that could try to oppose them are waaaay over their heads. But there is hope: as a Shadowrunner, you will take jobs from these mammoths and decide which one gets to keep their superweapons and which one will have their secrets leaked. It is a bleak setting where life is cheap and everyone is out to get you, but you can make a difference. Just think carefully about who you want to make an enemy of and who you choose to trust.You have many, many options to customize your character and your companions will cover your blind spots so you are free to play pretty much anything you want without having to worry about missing out on content. You can also influence how your companions specialize their builds, though you don't get total control over their builds, and some of the most important choices will depend on how you help them resolve their own personal sidequests. By the way, your companions are all very well written, having many memorable lines and moments each. Going into this more would mean spoilers, so you'll have to trust me there.Between the variety of character/party customization  and the many, many plot choices you can make through the story the game has enough replay value to go through it at least twice.Also Harebrained Schemes gave this out for free to everyone who already had the Dragonfall DLC of Shadowrun Returns and that's a serious show of goodwill when most companies would have, at most, given their previous customers just a discount. They have gained themselves a repeat customer in me for doing that."
76561198056296513,Recommended,300550,28224180,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,xMMx,"You remember old Fallout game? Fallout I, II and Fallout Tactics? Do you like old fallout game? You like this game too 100%.People with 8-16 years, insult this game... because this game have bad graphics? This game have great story and good tactic system, and graphics? It´s RPG and 2D graphic!Note 8/10."
,Recommended,300550,12871031,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lokaror,"A compeltely better version of both the original and the dlc.More missions, more content  and overall one of the best rpgs weve had in recent years. If you enjoy shadowrun you owe itto yourself to buy this game. The writing, soundtrack and combat are all excellent. As an rpg it delviers too. Very much so worth the price"
76561198272668230,Recommended,300550,28578112,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,arkham81,"Pros:- Great writing.  Every mission hammers home the fact that morality in the Shadowrun universe consists of varied shades of grey.  Most of them made me stop to think through an ethical conundrum for several minutes before preceding.  Features multiple endings based on your decisions.- Great team.  The characters are genuinely interesting and your home base has a nice, lived-in vibe to it.  You buy-in to the experience and the setting.- Great music.  I listen to the soundtrack on youtube while I work.  It does get a little repetitive but not to an annoying extent.- Good balance.  I didn't feel the combat was overly challenging but I played for the story so the last thing I wanted was to replay a battle over and over just to hear more of my teams' backstories.Neutral:- Physical ('Meatspace') Combat.  I'd say about 50% of the battles are tactically interesting.  The other 50% are slugfests that slow down story progression.  I should add that I played a drone rigger on my first go-round...this probably made the early battles a little harder and the late battles a little easier.  Basically I view this as an awesome narrative game, with combat representing a necessary evil.- Detailed.  I grew up with Shadowrun (and Earthdawn...) so I had a good knowledge of the setting when I started the game.  The writers don't pull any punches; you get the full Shadowrun experience here.  For someone who loves Shadowrun it's paradise.  If you don't know what Shadowrun is I think they give you enough overview information that you can follow what's happening but you may struggle with the context a little (ie. orcs are no more inclined toward evil than elves in this setting, toxic spirits are always evil, dragons are incredibly deceitful...that kind of thing).- Upper-tier storyline.  This game is not street-level.  I didn't have any problem with this but some might.Cons:-  Matrix battles.  That ratio of interesting/grindy combat skews a lot harder in the matrix...probably closer to 15% interesting and 85% dull.  The matrix is integrated into combat well; you do get the sense that your decker needs to be protected in meatspace so they can accomplish objectives that will have an immediate impact on the battlefield.  That's fun.  It's just that the matrix combat itself is very much an exercise in 'I hit you, you hit me, I hit you harder, you hit me'."
76561198070684596,Recommended,300550,29460757,Posted: 24 January,all,Cage Around The Sun,"Shadowrun Dragonfall - Director's Cut ReviewI have fond memories of playing the Shadowrun game on the Super Nintendo back in the 90s, but I've never delved into the tabletop game or novels. When I saw there were a series of Shadowrun games available for PC I was interested, and going on what I'd read in forums, I decided to jump in with Dragonfall - Director's Cut which is an enhanced stand-alone expansion for the previous title, Shadowrun Returns.The game has you create a character with a great deal of customization options including gender, race, combat class, appearance, and even an advanced mode that lets you create a custom build from scratch. Once that's done, you're thrown into a heist with a crew of Shadowrunners - the term used for mercenaries in this dystopia/fantasy world hybrid - and things soon turn ugly as your team leader is mysteriously killed on what should have been a routine mission. This sets the tone for most of the well written, and well balanced campaign. You're running in the shadows doing questionable acts for often unscrupulous clients in order to uncover a greater plot and seek revenge for your fallen teammate.The gameplay is segmented into two parts: You'll hang around the Kreuzbasar in Berlin which functions as a hub complete with story to investigate, team members to form relationships with, and merchants to buy weapons and upgrades from. Once you've got everything together, you head out on jobs to earn money, gain Karma(the in-universe term for experience)and advance character and story elements. This is the meat of the game and it plays out in turn based battles in the vein ofXCOMorDivinity:Original Sin. You and your team will use guns, swords, magic, fists, remote controlled drones, performance enhancing drugs, and explosives to dispatch enemies and reach objectives.Overall, I found the experience pleasant and addictive. I have a habit of not finishing RPGs, but this one kept me playing to the end witha pretty satisfying conclusion. As I mentioned before, the characters and plot are well written, and the world is a nice departure from generic swords and sorcery and heavy handed dystopia by instead combining the two genres pretty seamlessly. You really have to experience it to fully appreciate a world where Adam Jensen could hang out with a gun toting Legolas the elf. You'll often be presented with difficult moral and leadership choices as you muddle and force your way through the campaign.Pros:Interesting story and charactersFlexible character creation and game playMusic that fits the atmosphereWorkshop support, editor and player made mods to extend the experienceSelectable difficultyCons:Campaign is a little shortIsometric graphics are detailed and well implemented, but won't blow you awayI would recommend this game for fans of tactics games and role playing games. The unique setting is intriguing, and the campaign is well-written."
,Recommended,300550,21194217,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sadistic Fire,"I bought it on sale for about 3 USD. I then booted up, and played it for eight hours for about three days before beating it. If that isn't reason enough to buy it then I don't know what is.Though you might want a bit more winded explaination.I bought Shadowrun: Returns many months ago and played it to about 90%( I did go back and finish the remaining 10% in about 30 minutes). It was an okay expirence. The story was alright, but it kind of felt.. dull. Nothing felt really alive, it was just go in and shoot the next thing.Dragonfall isn't like that. The narrative made each character feel living, I got a lot more feedback from what I did, and the world just was a bit...fuller than Returns. I had a very pleasant expierence with the game through and through except for one mission of a bank heist. It was awful, it had bug, its load time were slow, but thankfully it didn't last long. The moment that mission passed, the game went onto smooth sailing.The combat is about what you expect if you're coming from Returns. It went by pretty quickly and didn't feel too bad. I kind of wish the animations were a bit faster and the UI was a bit easier (Selecting tiles is a pain when you can't actually see them, and sometimes what constitutes as cover is flaky at best). Some information wasn't presented well, like flanking. Even if I was shooting perpendicular to their cover I would sometimes get a flanking hit. But other than that, it was fine. It wasn't spetacular, but it wasn't awful, it was fine.But the character interaction, the art direction, the story, that's why I play RPG's, and that's what you should go in expecting. A tight narrative story,"
76561198077105674,Recommended,300550,12327444,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mr JC Denton in Da Fresh,"Shadowrun Returns was already a good if somewhat linear return to the Shadowrun universe in video games. Its expansion Dragonfall improves the experience by giving more choice and consequence, a better story and a much better hub (in Berlin) to explore.The Director's Cut of Dragonfall however, is a masterpiece. The game looks better, especially the UI. There's more freedom to customize your companions' abilities and more character development with more easter eggs for fans of the tabletop franchise. But best of all, more missions.Whether you played Dragonfall or not, this game is well worth the price. I am glad that CRPGs are making a comeback, with Shadowrun Dragonfall joining the likes of Divinity: Original Sin and Wasteland 2 as among the must-play games of the year."
,Not Recommended,300550,18686608,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RegularX,"While I think HBS does good design, they fail on the QA level miserably.  Returns had a game breaking bug in iOS which was never resolved.  Even on the PC, it looks like Dragonfall: DC follows their trend of poor quality testing.  At the end one particularly long and difficult quest, a hacked door could not be interacted with - resulting in a failure of the quest and going back to an old save and slogging through it all over again.  Now another quest will let you try but mysteriously removes the one item you need to actually solve it ... again wasting time and making the quest unbeatable.Considering how long this game has been on the shelf it seems like HBS has no real interest in fixing these game breaking bugs.  I'm not holding my breath and certainly never giving them my money again.So no, I don't recommend Dragonfall or any other HBS game ever again.  It's one thing to have these kind of bugs on launch day, but when they persist even years later you can tell what kind of commitment the studio actually has to their players."
,Recommended,300550,34026055,Posted: 4 August,all,ᚨᚾᛏᛟᚾᛁᛟ,"I found SR: Returns really cool, but this one takes it further, and then pours a lot more soul in. The writing is really solid, and I grew really fond of some of the characters in the game. The Kreuzbazar is fantastically fleshed out and now that I've finished the game I'll miss stopping by the Weinkeller to have a drink and chat up Lucky Strike, or have a (real) coffee at Altug's and show off all my new chrome. Or go home and try to figure out what's up with Gloria, while not letting Blitz get on my nerves. Or talk about the punk scene with Deets... Or...HBS crafted a really cool corner in the cyberpunk sphere, and I loved every bit in there."
,Recommended,300550,23771579,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Snus,"Much better than Shadowrun Returns (and that one isn't bad either). The settng, the characters, the story, the side quests are all well done. Moreover, unlike in Shadowrun Returns, the story is non-linear and the side quests have different outcomes. The only downside is that the choices don't feel too impactful and the major choices related to the main plot are at the end of the story. There is also a plus: it's easier to achieve all possible game endings.Overall, Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a solid RPG, and while combat is not ideal and there are some minor bugs, I would totally recommend the game."
76561198010912350,Recommended,300550,12693785,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Skymarshall (Heff),"Like Neverwinter Nights, or Baldurs Gate, but based on Shadowrun instead of D&D. Just don't play as a mage, and you'll have a merry time."
76561198030788488,Recommended,300550,17601589,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cracktus Jack,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall – Director`s Cutis an isometric tactical cyberpunk RPG. In a dystopian future, where dormant elf, orc and troll genes reemerged in the population and immortal dragons run mega-corporations that control the world, you join a crew of mercenaries known as Shadowrunners out of the Anarchy Flux-State of Berlin while attempting to survive a conspiration surrounding the possible return of Feuerschwinge, the most deadly of dragons.Pros: This is a much improved standalone version of theDragonfall DLCforShadowrun Returns. The story and setting are just as compelling as the original, but with almost twice as many quests, including character-specific side-quests for each of your crew members, more creatures to fight, and additional equipment and cyberware. Now, as your crew levels up, you can direct the path they chose which will impact their equipment, as well as their skills, spells or special attributes. More than ever, choices matter as every dialog will have a variety of options, some only available with certain skills, which can dramatically change the end game with multiple very different endings. The music is just as immersive as it was before.Cons: As withShadowrun Returns, the graphics aren't on par with the AAA industry, mostly sprites and objects, and the game requires you to read to remain interested as there is no voice acting. The original game was created as a tool for the modding community, but that hasn't carried over as much with this standalone expansion as the Steam Workshop has little additional content. The tactical combat still lacks the dynamic environment found in other games of the genre.Verdict: ★★★★☆ - Next on your list!This still comes off as highly recommended. But beware: if you buy this, you buy it for the incredibly well-written story, not for the tactical combat (although it isn't without its charm). If you like cyberpunk and fantasy, you will enjoyShadowrun: Dragonfall – Director`s Cut!—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,300550,13650856,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jinsaku,"I bought this and Dragon Age: Inquisition on the same day. This was on sale for $5, and Dragon Age had just been released and it was full price.I put 30 hours into completing this masterpiece before spending more than an hour or two into Dragon Age.Let me preface this review by saying that, while I enjoy cyberpunk themes, I had never played anything in the Shadowrun universe. I discovered after I played and beaten this game that this is a stand-alone DLC to Shadowrun Returns, so this review is also focused on having zero experience with Shadowrun Returns before playing and completing this game.The biggest positive for me was the story. The story was well told, gripping, and satisfying. There are some elements about the ending I didn't understand, due to lack of knowledge of the Shadowrun universe (for most of the game I assumed when they referred to ""dragons"" that they referred to some sort of augmented superperson.. not actual dragons themselves). The core characters are supremely polished and satisfying.The world is realized very well with fun and immersive environments. There were a lot of options on how to finish each mission and I really felt my choices had an impact on the story, even at the mission level.I'm generally not a fan of tactical combat. The combat is in this game, while not amazing, is pretty good. I realized pretty quickly that there is no ""RPG"" benefit to combat, and if you could it was generally best to avoid it. The game gives you lots of (sometime subtle) options on avoiding combat.I ran as a Decker: a character who jacks into systems to control them. One flaw in the game was that I'm sure I went 10-15 hours into it before the first time I could jack into something, so my character was kinda underpowered otherwise as most of his skill was in decking.This game is a great value. A great story with fascinating characters (you often delve into their backstories quite a bit) and an immersive world that you feel like you actually have an impact in.Highly recommend."
76561198011508181,Recommended,300550,12140209,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Kabosky,"Just beating Dragonfall a couple months ago, I thought it would be a good time to go back and play the Director's Cut of this game. There is a lot more features added on the game from combat to team customization which wanted me to play this story again! I was also happy that it came free since I had the DLC earlier, so I didn't have to put extra money into a couple more missions and and upgrade on the game itself.Most of the improvements are in combat from more detailed hits as in flanked hits, and cover hits so you'll know what's going on in the fight. The layout of the weapons and items/spells is all out on the bottom screen so it's a little bit easier for you to access them and a little bit quicker so it's a plus. As I mention items and spells, using them is faster as in you're not waiting 5 seconds just to heal your ally, where it's more instant when you use haste and more spells. The game now has Workshop, so I'm very excited to see extra campaigns that game designers decide to create for us to play!I'm only at the Nightclub level right now so I haven't played any of the new missions, but I will say that this is definitely worth another play around. I'm pretty sure my thoughts on this will stay the same, but I will most likely edit this to go about the new missions in the game."
76561198053772421,Recommended,300550,23373510,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lord of Change,"You will get better description by reading other's recommended comments because they will tell it better. In any case, it is future, and magic started to affect the world about 50 years ago. Large corporations control everything and you are mercenary for hire -  A.K.A ""shadowrunner"".Gameplay is like X-com, but little worse. Graphics is mix between 2d for background and 3d characters. While I enjoy background like that, it is nothing jaw-dropping. Sound/BGM is ok. So if it is so mediocre, why am I recommending it?Because of the story of course. The story alone makes this game one of my favourite games - Over original Shadowrun and even Shadowrun Hong Kong. The main story is engaging, the characters are well portrayed… But there is more depth to it than that.It is about the THEME. Not just the main story but the underlying theme that stretches across all of the missions - perhaps too obviously. This game uses its background(Shadowrun Universe) to provide multiple aspect of this theme and I respect Harebrane scheme for making campaign like this. Hopefully, when your character stare at the bullet-proof glass, you will be able to look at reflection of yourself instead of monster on the other side.It is unfortunate that I cannot speak further, due to my desire to not spoil anything.It is this thematic story(which I have not seen since NWN2 - MotB) that makes me really love this game, and I recommend it to anyone who is into story-driven RPG."
,Recommended,300550,19693964,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"Shadowrun...A compelling, unique cyberpunk universe where a shotgun in the face will probably miss. A lot.●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●×°×★Summary Review★×°×Overall Rating: ★★★★☆ [4/5]Story: ★★★★★Gameplay: ★★★☆☆Sound: ★★★★★●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●★OVERALL★Reminiscent of expansion packs in the 1990's, Dragonfall is a standalone story staying true to the already established world within the previously released Shadowrun Returns. With over 30 hours of content, Harebrained Schemes has given us an entirely new game, instead of some ill-developed cash-grab DLC that's all too popular these days. A small studio that started out as a kickstarter has achieved something that other, much larger developers repeatably fail to do: make a great video game. It's immersive. It's authentic. And most importantly, it's fun!★STORY★You start out as a shadowrunner set in a futuristic Berlin. The year is 2054. Unlike towns such as Seattle, Washington, the Flux-State is a home to anarchists. It’s a place where power is constantly shifting, poverty and profit go hand-in-hand, and the only law around is dog eat dog. It's a gangsters paradise. But it's not all paydays and parties. Rumors have been spreading across the message boards about the long dead Feuerschwinge’s return. One of the meanest, most powerful Great Dragons that ever existed. The aptly named ""Firewing"" nearly destroyed Germany 42 years ago when her rampage killed hundreds of thousands. But her hubris was her downfall. And if she survived, she'll be back with avengeance for her day of defeat, forever known as ""Dragonfall.""With top-notch writing, interesting and complex characters, Shadowrun: Dragonfall boasts an immersive, compelling story that is disturbing one minute, then humorous the next. Drama, romance, and betrayal. Dragonfall has it all and then some.★GAMEPLAY★Listed as a ""tactical turn-based role-playing"" game, you might be a little surprised at what you find. I've come to think of the Shadowrun Returns series more as an interactive virtual novel with tactical and roleplaying elements. Because the true lure of this game is not the gameplay, but the story. I'm not saying that it's bad, it's just not what makes the game entertaining. While you're able to change some elements of the story to your own unique perspective, the main storyline arc remains similar. And customizing your character has little impact on how the story develops, instead offering a different perspective on the same events.At best, the combat is a distracting requirement to continue the story. At worst, it will make you want to pull your hair out. In the end, this is not a great tactical turn-based shooter. It is, however, one of the best stories you'll ever experience in a video game.★SOUND & MUSIC★Once again we're treated to the talents of Jon Everist, who was one of the three original composers for Shadowrun Returns. The music is so perfectly in tune with the world's futuristic, steampunk backdrop that it fits in seamlessly with the first game's soundtrack. It's so good that I bought the Director's Cut version of Shadowrun: Dragonfall just to own the music.Aside from the music, the sound effects for the game are satisfying. The wet meaty crunch as your enemy is dismembered by a close-range shotgun blast. The ominous tribal drumbeat that fills the air as your mage summons an elemental. And the cyberistic chirps of IC attacks within the Matrix. It's all very well done.★BUGS & BOTHERS★It's been over a year since Dragonfall's release, but sadly, there are still a number of bothersome bugs and irksome annoyances that keep this game from being a perfect 5 out of 5.Most notably of which is ""the Apex"" bug. Which refers to a game-breaking bug that occurs during the main storyline mission, ""Apex Rising."" You must complete this mission in order to finish the game, and therein lies the problem. The developers have acknowledged that this is a serious issue and they're still working on a fix to this very day. However, we've been given a work around: Don't save during the mission. I know, it sounds counter-intuitive, but a lot of players have confirmed that it works.Another annoyance is the multiple layers of RNG (Random Number Generator). Since Shadowrun began as a pen & paper RPG, similar to D&D, random numbers rule the game in the form of dice rolls. Then came along Shadowrun Returns (the video game) and its tactical turn-based RPG model. The problem is that the game has multiple layers of RNG stacked upon each other. Combine this with a lack of combat information to tell you whether or not you missed, hit, or the target dodged you're left with a rather misleading percent chance to hit marker. And since the Dodge skill is calculated *after* the attack, even a 99% chance to hit (the highest possible within the game) can be completely false.But if you can move past this flaw, you'll find a rich story within a unique, futuristic fantasy world. And I firmly believe that the Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a much improved addition to the Shadowrun Returns trilogy."
,Recommended,300550,12175858,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,エビ猫,"There are some really great improvements over the already-excellent Dragonfall DLC for Shadowrun Returns. All told this is definitely worth the money, and has a high replayability value over time as people start creating their own stories in the editor to share on the Steam Workshop for free. Can't beat that."
,Recommended,300550,12818351,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tiogar ag fiach,"The worked a lot of bugs out with this version, which made it even better.  I've been playing shadowrun pen and paper for almost 2 decades now, and I love what they've done so far."
76561198211458819,Not Recommended,300550,20236687,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dayaninikhaton,"I absolutely love this game- Except its nearly impossible to finish the core game when you reach a certain advanced mission due to a bug that freezes the game. There's been multiple threads about the bug on the HBS forums, But aside from myself, few people seem to have managed to not have the bug. It was especially disheartening to me because I originally got the steam version after encountering the problem on the android version whhich HBS also refuses to fix.It's far enough along in the game that most reviewers never got that far before writing their reviews. I can't reccommend it while the bug is still there but to me its worth it for the independent workshop builds. Theres a lot of good content there. I just wish they would fix the bug."
,Recommended,300550,12145349,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Daft Gamer,"Alright, this is coming from an old school pen-and-paper rpg'er.  This game gets it right. Great story, wonderful cast, and an excellent example of how to set tone in a game. If you liked the movie Blade Runner(and if you didn't, then you need to reassess your tastes), turn based combat is an enjoyable experience, and you like fun, then this is right up your alley. Hook up your deck and prepare to get fragged."
76561197993381156,Recommended,300550,29860073,Posted: 11 February,all,Keeper-Outcast,"One of the best RPGs in resent years. I had very little expectations after Shadowrun Returns, and was simply blown away by Dragonfall. Allow me to share some of my thoughts on the matter.1. Story and characters.Probably the most important part of any RPG in my opinion. And I am happy to say, that Dragonfall' s characters stayed with me long after I finished the game. And then came back a year after. And then came back again next year.I understand, that the richness and the impact of the story are highly subjective variables based on the cultural level of the player. So, basically, what I find deep and engaging you might find boring and formulaic, because you might have seen it before a thousand times. So let me just tell you, that Dragonfall's story managed to surprise me not on one, but on two occasions. I can't recall the last time that happened in video game. Seriously, probably not since Planescape Torment....What you must understand, that it is not my first dance. I am well accuanted with cyberpunk genre both in literature and in games, and usually begin new journey with “been there, done that” attitude. So, you can imagine my surprise, when the story managed to not only engage me, but also surprise me.2. Atmosphere.Another Dragonfall's strong suit. I haven't felt this tense being hunted by nebulous foe since KOTOR 2, which is hight praise for me, since KOTOR 2 is my favorite game. Take it as you will. The atmosphere in Dragonfall does something magical: it sucks you in, it encourages you to read into context, to learn who the major players in this world are and what is your place in the grand scheme of things.Let me put it this way: when you find yourself reading 3d and 4th editions of Shadowrun rolebook and the “Sixth World Almanac”, while analyzing discussions about the nature of elf immortality, after replaying Dragonfall, then you know the game does something right.3. Gameplay and UIThere are things that Dragonfall does right. And then there are Gameplay and UI. First of all the UI. I don't know who had the brilliant idea of putting all the text in a small window on the right side of the screen in a game MOSTLY CONSISTED OF TEXT. All I can say is get accustomed to eye strain. The text itself is very well written, but sometimes feels redundant.The combat is basically the same that it was in Shadowrun Returns, which is to say: not very good. It's slow, it's boring, it's not very tactical, and it's repetitive as hell. And since roughly 60% of the game consists of combat, I can practically guarantee that you ll be grinding you teeth by the end of the story.The structure of the gameplay is basic enough: hub-mission-hub, but it works well, and allows for a lot of quite time, which is essential for creating complex and interesting story. The game has a very “cheap” feeling overall: assets are used, then reused, and then used again for good measure, which is not a problem per se, but considering the astronomical sum that Shadowrun Returns was able to acquire on Kickstarter, I can't help but wonder, where did it all go.In conclusion: take it, not as a review, but as a love letter to a game, which came out of nowhere, took my hearth by storm, and permanently occupied part of my brain for itself. Both Dragonfall and Hong Kong are worth your time, if you re not afraid of reading, but hey, if you made it here, all the way until the end (for some mysterious reason) then I know, that you re the right metahuman for the job. Until then, I ll see you all in shadows. Oh, and never, EVER cut a deal with a dragon."
,Recommended,300550,25509702,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,GeneSteeler,"Duration - 26 HoursThoughts:Another enjoyable installment.  Be prepared to read lots of text though as nothing is voice acted. One thing that Shadowrun has is enjoyable turn-based combat.  The system works very well and translates to PC in good form. The detailed system works well with lots of perks and skills. There are plenty of side-quests in this game, and they aren't all easy to discover.  This makes finding and completing them extra satisfactory. Overall my time in Shadowrun was very enjoyable.7.5/10"
76561198035054806,Recommended,300550,13947955,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Good cyberpunk RPG. Better than the first game. They did take the sugestion tweeks asked for and include them.But it's a 10 buck game, so bare that in mind if purchasing."
,Recommended,300550,21806659,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,tieio,A nice followup to Shadowrun Returns.
76561198006165471,Recommended,300550,12409145,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,iFruit,"If you:- are an 80s or older guy with an aching nostalgia,- love and prioritize a good storyline and aren't afraid to read into it,- are looking for a game with loads of customization and character tweaking,- like turn-based combat the way it's meant to be played, and- like exploring every corner of a richly designed world, thenGET THIS. F@cking 10/10."
,Recommended,300550,26343155,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Quelandoris,"Holy hot damn, finally got around to finishing this and I'm glad I did.Gameplay for the Director's Cut has been fixed dramatically. Where Returns had issues of all kinds, including but not limited to the complete irrelevance of Deckers, some Etiquettes never being used, a clunky as hell interface, and general balance issues, Dragonfall has smoothed most of that over. To my knowledge, every etiquette was used more than once, Having a Decker in the party is useful for pretty much every mission, and just about every class and build has a place. Granted, the balance isn't perfect; while playing a Steet-Sam, I was damn near invincible by the end of the game, and that was after dumping a ton of points into charisma.Thats not to say everything is perfect. Clicking can still be a bit wonky, which makes me wish we had a macro to click through enemies to move to spaces their model is blocking, or a macro to undo your last move. The difficulty here is great and nicely challenging for the most part, but there are some missions where RNGesus will forsake you and some where RNGesus doesn't leave your side. This kind of statistical play is common to all RPGs, but at low levels it can be extremely frustrating to miss two point blank hits in a row, only for an enemy from across the map to crit you twice in a row. It isn't just possible but common for a mission to have entirely different outcomes based on your dice-rolls, which turns the pulse-pounding tension of the game's combat into a head-throbbing annoyance.Plot is great. I don't want to spoil it, but just know that its great. In your head, you're expecting things to twist in about one of thirty different ways, which is fantastic, and I love that it keeps you guessing. In addition, it drops enough hints that the twists doesn't come entirely out of left field; It ain't no Shamaylan flick.Includes the mod-kit, and tons of fan-made campaigns, but even ignoring that, this game has plenty of hours of content and a lot of replayability.What are you waiting for, chummers? Those corp-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and wizworms ain't gonna kill themselves!"
,Recommended,300550,34359249,Posted: 19 August,all,NeroEM9,"This game has the best dog I've ever seen. On top of that, his name is Dante!Rest in a nutshell:Here one must leave behind all hesitation,Here every cowardice must meet its death.To be honest, this game is the game. I don't even like cyberpunk, or dragons, or some other similar drek. And I am(was) not into Shadowrun world. But this, this is something different chief, has characters that you feel for, pseudo-anarchists you disgust, something mature that other games don't have these days. It is not a game, it is BTL."
,Recommended,300550,12634934,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chigen Atomic,"Now that I have completed the game, I wanted to review it. Director's Cut goes above and beyond what the original Dragonfall did. For one, a completely revamped combat system. It made the game both easier and harder. Harder because if you're out of cover or something, you will be mince meat. The same can be said about your opponents, and some AI have a tendency to sit in the open. Another point is that there are some new missions. They shed light on your fellow runners. Storyline is amazing in my opinion. There are moral greys as well as black and white, but the game doesn't really beat you over the head with what's the right choice at the time, more what may or may not be reasonable. The characters are great, your followers and the Kreuzbasar's residence all have life to them, you get to see them change as the story goes on, both subtly and in ways that you can affect. I really have no gripes, just future ideas for future games, which is what that would turn the review into. If you're looking for a turn-based RPG that'll pull you in and entertain you, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,300550,33020480,Posted: 29 June,all,Neomaniak,"When compared to Dragonfall, Shadowrun Returns looks like a pile of crap. And i defended the game back when it was released. It gets so many things right, especially when it comes to dialogue. You have a team full of charismatic characters, that face the same problems as you. In Returns, you once in a while had a companion for a mission or two, but you mostly had to deal with ""literally who"" characters, some with subpar skills when compared to you. In Dragonfall, especially on Director's Cut, you now have a set of skills to choose for each companion. They boosted some weapons, like the Sniper Rifle, which now is a complete monster at long range.It's just better in every way, a fine example of a good sequel. And even if it was on its own, it's still a game worth playing, with enganging dialogue; pretty cool missions in general, that allow different ways to approach your objective, some of these have different outcomes accoding on your choices;  solid turn-based combat, with some bullcrap moments, but that's common in that kinda game (i'm looking at you, XCOM). Also, some parts need more polishing, i met a few bugs that were kinda annoying, one of those locked me out of finishing Blitz's personal story, when i first played it.What more is there to say? I love it. Not perfect, kinda buggy, but still a solid game, one that i see myself replaying every now and then. There's nothing i love more than developers learning with their past mistakes and working on making their games better not despite said mistakes, but because of them. Also, i still like you Shadowrun Returns, we had some nice moments. It's just that your sister is so much hotter than you, i don't know if i can enjoy my time with you as much as i did before. In the end i think i'll just go back to your sister and suck on her fat, juicy dialogues and blow my load all over her deep and expansive backstory while i pull her hair and call her a naughty great game."
,Recommended,300550,12287410,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,{R // E} 浪人,"This ""indie"" rpg sits heads and shoulders above the entire industry as an example--a game doesn't need a massive budget to be enjoyable. While the entire ""indie"" industry has shown games this for a while, this game in particular stands out as a paragon of this message.The Story:The story arc that is set out for the character to play through is ingeniously and meticulously designed to capture the essense of a universe that is so wide in scope and details that packaging it into a small game makes the game more obviously golden. At no point in the game should you feel like you need to go buy a sourcebook for the tabletop RPG Shadowrun (from which this game is based) in order to understand what is going on. Further, despite not needing to, I found myself digging through articles online to digest the rich history behind various events that you ""run"" through. You are effortlessly immeresed into what ""running the shadows"" is like. From the perspective of someone who has played other tabletop RPGs, I can tell you that this game is one of two games I have ever played that does a system designed to be played on tabletop does justice to said game.The story isn't one dimensional. Every character or class you play draws out anther element of the game. Even simply thinking about elements of various ""runs"" you perform, you discover the web of conspiracies and lies that line the seams of the Shadowrun universe. BUT! again, you don't have to do these things or spend time philosophising to enjoy the game. The main story by itself is terrific. For fear of spoilers, I will move on.The Characters:This is an aspect of games that I feel so few games do even remotely well. Even developers like Bethesda--for all the impressive things they spit out--have never made a game where I remember a single character's name for all the time I put into them and interacting with them. I understand many peoples' tastes on this matter in particular will vary. I feel that one thing that is most likely to make a game re-playable for me is remarkable characters. I will not get into the various characters in the game for fear of spoilers, but as bad with names as I am, I could probably name off all the main characters that you run with in the game. I get this deep feeling that despite the text medium with no voice over that I *know* these characters--that I have had conversations with them. *THAT,* from where I stand, is an incredible feat. The characters have various personalities and avoid ""cardboard"" stereotypes. They feel fleshed out as opposed to the long list of games I could rattle off with characters so hollow, you could cook a meal in the middle of a flash fire warning zone without the slightest fear of setting fire to the forest you were in.Style / System:This game is a top-down / isometric rpg design. When I saw screenshots of this, I decided to wait--I wasn't familiar enough with the Shadowrun tabletop game at the time to be a backer and I found that I rarely enjoyed isometric games. That fear was unfounded. When I began playing, the first comparison in my mind was the only other top-down game I had really enjoyed: Fallout (1). I don't enjoy that style, but this game streamlined it down (further in the director's cut) to a place where the story and the characters could shine. A bad system can overshadow and ruin the best of stories. Hairbrained took a style that I didn't enjoy and made a game that I both enjoyed and could easily put on my top 10 favorite games list. Are there things that could still be streamlined? Yeah--that's a loaded question though, because if you're honest, there aren't very many games that couldn't be streamlined. In this case, there might be one or MAYBE two things that could be streamlined more, but Hairbrained found a magical balance where this simple style allowed them to draw out elements of the universe that--for example--a first person shooter could have NEVER ever done.If you enjoy RPG games for the story or for the characters, I have very little doubt that you would enjoy this game. Of course there's always the possiblility, but I find it unlikely at best.Stop reading this and go run the shadows, already."
,Recommended,300550,12306049,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[MOB]VinBeast,"Dragonfall takes place in Berlin and it involves the return of a dragon that seeks to wreak havoc on the city and it's up to you and your team to stop him.The setting is what makes things interesting as it mixes standard fantasy tropes like Dragons and orcs with a futuristic asthetic making the game a unique hybrid of Fantasy and Cyberpunk.There are also many other side quests unrelated to the main plot that you can get involved in and all of them are interesting in there own way thanks to sharp writing and the setting of the game itself.Gameplay is split into 3 parts, exploration and having conversations with many NPC's, Turn-based combat and exploring the Matrix to turn off cameras/turrets and open doors.Exploring and talking to people is probably the best aspect as there are many ways you can take conversations in and many times avoid combat completely. I'm also not much of a fan of turn-based combat but there is plenty of variety to kill your enemies with lots of guns and spells to use if you invest your karma points wisely (There is a fairly robust skill tree and you'll have to think hard about where to spend your points as there is a limited amount of them).The matrix is basically just turn-based combat in virtual reality and since there are a lot less enemies and ways to deal with them this is the weakest aspect of the gameplay.Visually the game is pleasing with a nice variety of environments to explore and plenty of little details strewn around, combat also looks satisfying with occasional dismemberment when you kill an enemy along with special effects when you use spells. Sound is also well done and while there isn't any voice acting the electronic music helps bring the game to life as well as the impactful sounds of the combat.Overall Fans of the original Shadowrun RPG on the SNES should find lots to like in Dragonfall as well as RPG fans in general and with a 10 hour main campaign along with many sidequests AND a level editor there is more than enough to keep you busy for a while."
76561197970722976,Recommended,300550,12225344,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Didi_Meow,"What is Shadowrun?  Basically, it takes place in a cyberpunk future where magic (specifically, dungeons and dragons style magic) has entered the world.  Think if William Gibson and Gary Gygaxes imaginations had a baby.  Lil' Willgar Gibgax.The game itself is an RPG with turn based combat, with real time exploration smoothly (for the most part) transitioning to turn based when the combat starts.The campaign that came with the initial release showed a lot of the potential in the engine they have created, but fell flat when it came to delivering a decent game experience.  Technical issues like not being able to save your game except at the end of ""chapters"" and overall lack of polish and development really made it feel like a module more than a completed game.  Which, to be fair, it technically was exactly that, and the campaign creation software is included in the game.  But personally I'd rather have a polished, complete feeling game than a toolkit.The release of the Dragonfall campaign delivered everything that was missing; a real, fully fleshed out game with a well written and detailed story.  After a rocky start it feels good to wholeheartedly recommend Shadowrun, especially in a time when this particular genre has fallen by the wayside.From what I can tell after playing through the ""Director's Cut"", it includes improvements to the combat UI, more control over how your NPC buddies level up, adds more equipment, and a few missions which develop a few NPC characters further.  If you haven't tried Shadowrun yet, this is the version to get."
76561198018772765,Recommended,300550,16988226,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Snow_Blitz,"I don't even know where to start.This game is everything I've ever wanted and so much more. It's an amazing story, the dialogue man it's flawless.I cared about all my fellow Runners. All of them. Even Blitz though he's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.+Turn Based+Amazingly written Dialogue and story.+Branching side quests+Loyalty missions for fellow runners+Twenty plus hours of gameplay.+Tons of re-playability.Still reading? Buy this game."
,Recommended,300550,12583078,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,jericho,"gonna be biased as ♥♥♥♥ because i love deus ex, fallout and kotori dont really know what flaws i can point out for dragonfall, it's really cheap, pretty long, has a great soundtrack and nice writing along with some cool aestheticsand that's a combination you don't encounter a lot these daysmuch better than the original (shadowrun returns) in terms of story and gameplay elementsa real game for real chromosomes10/10, i dunno? like, i can't really think of anything to complain about"
,Recommended,300550,31406682,Posted: 27 April,all,Spoony Bard,"Extremely better than its predecessor, Shadowrun Returns. The challenging turn-based tactical combat from the first game returns here, but this time the combat is surrounded by a story with better writing and characters. For the more hardcore fans, there are multiple classes and enough varied story paths/endings to give you significant gameplay time for your buck."
76561198003036772,Recommended,300550,13658779,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sloul,"Best 2014 game, hands down.Only contender would be Divinity Original Sin, gameplay was very refreshing, where DF Director's cut very solid.Anyway.Returns or, Dead man's switch got number of critics, most were valid.Simply put, DMS was short and, very, linear.DragonFall took everything that was right with Shadowrun returns and push it forward (writing, music), everything that stood in the middle (gameplay, UI, some graphics elements) are now among the finests.When it comes to linearity and short-life-span.One normal mod run is about 45 hours.The game is still linear, but not like its predecessor.Every stats of your character will be taken into into account during missions, dialogues, and will offer different outcome.Almost every mission is made of choice, and for some, they will affect the course of the game and endings.Whem it comes to choices and consequences we are not speaking Fallout 1/2, nor Arcanum, but still, it's there, and it's great.Now, maybe this review was not story-seller, but DragonFall Director's cut is an elite game among its peers."
,Recommended,300550,29884359,Posted: 12 February,all,Maleko,"The definitive Shadowrun experience, indeed. The story, the pacing, the writing, the companions (which were missing from Returns), and the combat - are all awesome.If you enjoy Shadowrun or the cyberpunk fantasy genre, this is a must have title. Highly recommended if you enjoy tactical RPGs.The writing and the music in particular are exceptionally good."
,Recommended,300550,30070060,Posted: 20 February,all,W0lF,"Before we begin: This game is not a simple DLC! It was marketed that way, yes, but this is a whole new campaign which is quite a bit longer (and better, if I may add) than the original Shadowrun:Returns. And furthermore: Before playing this I knew absolutely nothing about the Shadowrun universe except for the content of its predecessor. Having brought that out of the way, let's begin, shall we?I want to start off, by saying that I normally value good gameplay over story, especially if its text-based story, but this game... this game, man... Right from the start I fell in love with the world and the characters. They drew me in and did not let go until the very end. The gameplay is also quite good, actually. Which is something you maybe wouldn't expect of such a story-heavy RPG. Not as good as the obvious comparison, XCOM, but it gets the job done quite nicely.I don't want to take away too much, so here is just a word of advice if you plan on playing this game: Take your time, explore every inch of the gorgeous world and let yourself get enamored with this fabulous piece of software. And what I mean by that is: In most reviews they talked about how this game is around 12 hours long. In my first playthrough, attempting to explore everything possible, it took me 35, three times as long. And yet, I still had to go for a second run to get to see all there is. The level of detail and optional content in this game is just breathtaking.I, again, highly encourage anyone who has any interested in RPGs to pick up this gem. It will be well worth your money and time!"
,Recommended,300550,20698481,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Defiant Heretic,"Shadowrun is tactical turn based RPG set in interesting future filled with fantasy races, magical powers very close to  technology. What I would pin point is exceptional good writing of story. Story is very compelling and yet quite simple, strangely build on emotions and twists.+ Story and conversations+ Gameplay+ Huge perk tree+ Marriage of classic fantasy and utopia technology future+- Graphic of classic's- Levels are kinda empty, not so much interactive and open to different approach7,5/10""Worth it's price but I suggest to watch some videos of game before buy!"
76561198066290628,Recommended,300550,23921020,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Slacker★,"Highlights+* Great story full of twists and turns+* Fantastic choice system+* Plenty of ways to build a characterPositives+ Good length+ Plenty of content+ Clever dialogueNegatives- Average music- Team customisation is limited- Karma points are few and far between so can be difficult to invest in a skillset- Random number generator can be annoyingConcerns-* Potentially game breaking bugs (Don't save at all on the Apex rising mission)ConsensusOverall, Shadowrun: Dragonfall draws inspiration from titles like xcom with the strategy, turn based elements and the end result is a cyberpunk triumph with only a few annoyances. If you want a good story coupled with rpg elements and strategy then this game is most certainly for you.8/10"
76561198022508699,Recommended,300550,28353001,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,floydslip,"Quality game from a good series. I personally prefer this over Hong Kong because the story is more interesting, the missions better designed, and there's a deeper sense of character and squad progression, in my opinion. I enjoyed SRHK, but liked this even more.The developers have created an immersive world here and filled it with memorable characters brought to life through good story telling. It's easy to see that there's care and craftmanship put into the material, which is important because there's no voiceover--and a lot of text. If it wasn't well written and engaging, this would quickly become a chore.From an RPG perspective, it also succeeds in numerous ways. For one, the character customization is pretty extensive, from the stats you choose to the weapons and skills you employ to the cybernetic implants you graft onto your person (or not). This greatly adds to replayability.You also face numerous choices, which make subsequent playthroughs worthwhile to see how the different paths play out.Good game and a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,300550,21307845,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Navarre,"Good old-school isometric RPG, in a fun setting. Probably the best of the trilogy storywise.I still recommand picking Shadowrun Returns first, just so you don't get to it afterwards and don't like it because the mechanics are simpler and the story more linear than in Dragonfall."
,Recommended,300550,28305664,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mittelklasse,One of the most memorable and complex RPG stories of the decade.
,Recommended,300550,12560187,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,JHoov714,"This game is a great RPG! If you like classic Bioware writing/storytelling/characters and XCOM combat, you'll feel right at home here. The characters are as well written, varied, and deep as any I've met in any video game, period. Don't let the ""simple"" graphics hold you back, give this game a shot!"
,Recommended,300550,12574476,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,weedan,"After having played through Shadowrun Returns and liking it for it's story but disliking it for it's simplified and overly easy combat I had hopes for Shadowrun: Dragonfall.  And I was not disappointed.  The folks over at Hairbrained achieved their goal of making a great follow up to Returns!  The story / writing are great and help keep you wondering what is going to happen next.  The combat is far more challenging this time around which is much appreciated.  I still wish for more freedom and more interactive environments but Dragonfall does a much better job of facilitating choice and consequence.  Overall a beautiful game with a fun, engaging story that is only held back simplified combat / hacking mechanics.  I hope they continue to refine this platform with more complex mechanics as it is truly a diamond in the rough at the moment!"
76561198009582570,Recommended,300550,12495882,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sildurend,"It's a slowburner, for sure, but when it flares up, it shines very brightly. Every aspect of the game steadily improves as the game develops and by its last hours it shows what it has best to offer.For those longing for an isometric CRPG with turn-based combat and a good amount of role-playing, look no further."
76561198157660188,Recommended,300550,28717308,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,UltraAlpha,"(I know it says 0.9 hours. It's because I spent most of the time plaing offline, didn't really have a choice)It's not long after I finished the game, I think it's a good time to write a review.Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a surprising good game with impressive visual and great soundtrack at least. It had a decent combat system (which I found quite amusing. I have never played any turn-based strategy game before. The only reason why I bouht this game was because I was looking for some cyberpunk games to play after I finished Deus Ex : Human Revolution, another great cyberpunk game), a mindblowin story with a lot of choices (which DO actually matter, unlike Human Revolution) and a whole bunch of plot twists which you really didn't see them coming. The game also had a lot of replay values (i.e. different classes, different race, different choices and different weapon/magic). I really enjoyed every minute of this game (with some frustrating moments like the boss battles near the end of the game), and didn't really encounter any major drawback.The game is quite cheap, I would recommend any fans of cyberpunk or turn-based strategy games to buy it."
,Recommended,300550,21741773,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kura,"I forgot to write a short review about this game.It's awesome. Great story, great characters especially Glory and also polished turn based mechanics.Don't forget, if you like this game, Grab Shadowrun Hong Kong too!"
76561197984156090,Recommended,300550,12843038,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MM,"A great enhancement to the original Shadowrun Returns. Biggest pros are the multi-dimensional characters, the correct pace of the main story and the atmospheric writing which makes it hard not to take just another mission or spend just one more hour in-game. You feel the price of your decisions more often than not, and that's a cool thing to give weight to these situations.Another big pro is the studio behind the game - HBS - itself. Making Dragonfall - Director's Cut available to all DLC purchasers and backers for free wasn't something I'd have expected (not a common attitude nowadays when even a skinpack of two new textures or 'upgrades' between versions with almost no differences have their pricetags) and it speaks volumes about how the guys in HBS intends to handle their relationship towards their players. That builds trust towards both them and the games they create for me.Cons are nuisances. Since you have an own team with rich backstory and personality, you barely need to hire random runners so that part seems a bit neglected. Custom builds for street samurai is still a weak point due to the over-simplied essence and cyber/bioware slot system. The engine has its flaws, but not to the point it would ruin atmosphere.  Voice-acting could have served great (still, I never felt they used up their limited budget unwisely).Dragonfall is a great deal for anyone who likes futuristic fantasy/cyperpunk hybrids set in Europe for a change and don't get intimidated by a rich, written narrative (yes, you need to read a lot)."
,Recommended,300550,32931100,Posted: 28 June,all,KaioShin,"Great little RPG. Good story, good characters, engaging combat. The only downside is the tech. The engine is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's just relatively undetailed 3D models on top of static 2D backgrounds so it should be smooth as silk, but even running at 144FPS it feels sluggish and slow as hell, especially the UI. If you can get past that, it's well worth the time."
76561198032122844,Recommended,300550,13690984,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sven10077,"Great game that imrpoves on Shadowrun Returns, captures the spirit of the SNES game ably with a new plotline and characters."
,Recommended,300550,12192824,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dudeshoot Mankill,"I recommend this game. The writing is interesting, and the combat is great fun. Except for decking. Decking is boring.I guess battles could do with some more random, like in fallout 1 and 2.All in all a great game with great modding tools."
,Recommended,300550,12415661,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Akratus,"If you're a fan of top-down rpg's, you'll find this to be a good game, dipped in an atmospheric cyberpunk sauce. Even if you're not a big fan of top down rpg's, the tactical combat, good story and good atmosphere should entice many."
,Recommended,300550,12255715,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Vaowar,"Shadowrun Dragonfall is a great improvement worth picking up. A turn-based RPG set in the cyberpunk fantasy world of the Shadowrun universe, Shadowrun Dragonfall is set in future Berlin with your team of runners after a failed run and that run's connection to a dragon killed decades ago. Unlike the original campaign in Shadowrun Returns, Dragonfall sets up the middle of the game with jobs for you team to take in which you can choose how to proceed in completing them as needed. Dragonfall also lets team members being able to handle a few things your character would normally be unable to do in the previous version such as altering drones with a rigger or using a decker to do some hacking for you. The Director's Cut also has several improvements to the game including more items, a reorganization of the HUD for easier skill and weapon use in combat, extra missions, and alternative endings that give your character more choices on how they complete the story. Dragonfall also includes a campaign editor that allows you to edit and create additional campaigns. If any of that sounds interesting, Dragonfall is the game for you. If you previously had the DLC of Dragonfall, you now own the standalone version as well. If not, its well worth the price."
76561198118764159,Recommended,300550,24070900,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lootus Maximus,"I didn't expect that i would like this kind of game, but it really surprised me. After playing so many RPGs from the''big guys''in the industry and realising, that they get more and more casual, Shadowrun Dragonfall felt very good.Dragonfall has a very gripping story from the beginning till the end with many difficult decisions and it is all narrated through text. Yes through text. No voice over. It felt like reading an interactive Shadowrun novel and i thought about how much i missed reading a good book and let my imagination do the entertaining.Granted, it is a little sparse gameplay wise and it looks too''oldschool''for my taste, but it was a very pleasent experience.I really hope the developers will make another Shadowrun game with updated graphics, better character customization and an even bigger scale.I will definitely try more of these''new oldschool''RPGs out"
76561198007746395,Recommended,300550,24058772,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Clockwork,"Everything about this game is great. The stories, the gameplay, the characters, the musics. All of itThe best part of this game is truly its stories though. Both the plot and the characters (you can learn more about the characters by talking with them). Both the local NCPs and your mates have great story to tell you.Words of advice though : if you're not into reading, don't buy this game. Otherwise, if you're familiar with immersing yourself into a game, then you'll enjoy it.Shadowrun: Dragonfall deserves to be bought at full price."
76561197960687390,Recommended,300550,12880780,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Insomniac,"Decent game; lots of content.  Gives you the multi-path and multi-ending of games like Deus Ex, which is awesome.  Definitely a huge improvement over the original Shadowrun Returns.  However, I still miss the Genesis Shadowrun and its more open-world implementation."
,Recommended,300550,19877214,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kony,"Quite a decent story-driven RPG. Rather interesting storyline, mostly well-written characters and dialogues, albeit sometimes overly dramaticized. Mediocre turn-based combat system with annoyances, such as characters covering tiles behind them, so you can't send another squadmate there as there is no way to click there. Skill checks in dialogues, albeit I'd say there is not enough of them, and a very nice audiovisuals. Overall, for a discounted price it's a must-buy for cRPG fans who like story-driven games, but not for anyone else. The game, however, is quite short, and not really replayable, hence I'd be hesitant getting it for a full price (if anybody buys games on Steam for a full price :lol: )."
76561198062729707,Recommended,300550,12859648,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,天 Mr. B 天,"Finished the game with a dwarf decker/rigger. Graphics and art style are really well-made, with vibrant colors even for a game that takes place in the ""shadows"". The soundtrack is a pleasure to ears 100% of the time. Story and character development are trully engaging. One of the few games that actually manages to make you care for your team outside combat situations. Also one of the few games that makes you NOT mash on the <next> button of a dialogue, since it has no voice acting and feels like a session of pen and paper goodness. Leveling (karma) system is done right and also makes you feel that your character actually gets better not by just getting a +1 on his Level counter, but for gaining ""actual"" experience from the situations he faces. Combat mechanics are pretty decent as well. - could use a better aiming system though, since I missed plenty of times with 85%+ chance to hit and at one point I missed 3 times in a row with 99% chance to hit... Maybe it was the difficulty setting though, since I played the game at max difficulty level. Anyway, this isn't even an issue that downgrades your experience or one that would stop you from playing it. I highly recommend it if you love story driven, turn-based rpgs and a big plus is that you don't have to be a hardcore Shadowrun fan to enjoy the game"
,Recommended,300550,12164705,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Deprise,"I loved every minute of it. The story is simply amazing, the side missions are intense, each character involved have unique backstory, and there are a lot of moments where morals and desires coming clashing together. The new interface makes life a little easier, the home hub is busy with things to do, there are a lot more uses of particular karma skills in dialogue than in the previous game, and each teammate have unique upgrades when leveling up. A drek-ton of twists and turns makes you want to know and see more. If you like conspiracies, corporate espionage, sabotage, assassinations, spiritual underworlds, gang turf wars, illegal experiments, magically attuned tech junkies, murders, mysteries, betrayals, and of course, a damn good story - should definitely give this a go."
,Recommended,300550,13191372,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Flying Shisno,"Great improvement from Shadowrun Returns! The combat system has been rehauled, no longer feeling as clunky/grindy/spongey. Magic is now a serious contender for weapons, instead of a nice support move. And has better mods(for the moment at least). This is a great TBS game, that any TBS lover should pick up."
,Recommended,300550,12144299,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,bad1080,downloaded and ran it again to recommend it again! i already played this as dlc for the base game (which is also very good) ;)
,Recommended,300550,12166919,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Explosivity,"Featuring a compelling storyline, intriguing charcters and dynamic gameplay Shadowrun Dragonfall ticks all the boxes that a lot of AAA Games don't.The Shadowrun universe can be intimidating at first, it was for me at least. Though this actually can help gameplay, as you are thrown head first into a living breathing world; which wasn't made for the player but rather the player is a part of it.I would Highly recommend this game to any RPG fans out there, and look forward to future games by Hairbrained schemes."
,Recommended,300550,12140454,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Arsenic_Touch,Great game. But they need to hurry up and get the campaign editor set up and give author's the tools to port their work over. They also need to get the steam workshop up for this because it doesn't link to anything.
76561198007197608,Not Recommended,300550,25613831,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[S]almon,"You know what I refuse to put up with? Game-breaking bugs that game developers refuse to fix even after the game has been out for years and the issue is well-documented. In Dragonfall one of the final, and toughest, missions in the game will simply freeze up if you try to save at any point.Think it's just an issue with my rig? Please see comments from numerous other players in the steam forum here (minor spoiler alert):https://steamcommunity.com/app/300550/discussions/0/615085406657648560/. I'm sorry but that's totally unacceptable and completely ruined this game for me. You'd think a ""director's cut"" would have sorted this out by now."
76561198007505984,Not Recommended,300550,17756674,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tzulari,"I've been playing story-driven games for 25 years, going back to the original Deus Ex or further back to Neuromancer on the C64.  Add in turn based combat, and I'm usually sold.  The problem here, for me, is too much story for not enough combat.  And the combat is not challenging.The combat is improved over SR:Returns, but it's just not at all difficult, even on the highest difficulty.There's also not enough interaction with the Matrix, especially for this type of game.Linear, linear, linear.  Again improved over SR:R with more optional missions, but still too basic.  And the hand-holding is pretty extreme.Once I started quick-scanning the dialogue, I knew the game had lost me.If you want a ton of story with a reasonable amount of comat, this is a solid game.  Just not for me, and it seems the reviews for Hong Kong also indicate an imbalance of story<>combat.  Too bad as I want to love these games."
76561198030755721,Recommended,300550,12517919,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Raggok,"I've been a huge SR fan for years... err.. I guess decades now.  I fondly recall the Sega Genesis SR game from my mispent youth, and was thrilled to see the franchise revived.  While SRR has a few bugs and the original story was a bit linear, the team at HBS has done an excellent job expanding on the initial release and providing new resources.  The game is also supported by a small, but avid modding community which receives regular support and active encouragement from HBS (which essentially crafted an expansive editor for such a purpose).I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based strategy, the grimey future of a cyberpunk-meets-magic world, and a supportive community that is always seeking to expand scope and content."
,Recommended,300550,12240978,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Ruben,"Shadowrun Returns was already an excellent game and I'm happy to report that the Director's Cut of Dragonfall continues that fine tradition. While the original game sported a perfectly fine UI, the DC adds even more polish and several nice new additions. No longer do you have to hunt for your weapon and spell abilities – they're now all there right where you need them.The game was already visually stunning, but the new animations and other refinements just add a bit more polish. Critical hits are now viscerally satisfying and the new attack animations look killer. Most of the changes are small but add a great deal to the overall feel of the game.The storyline of Dragonfall was great in the original game, but the changes in the DC really take it to the next level. The richly detailed NPCs now all have their own specific missions that meld well with their complex and interesting backgrounds. These custom missions not only give your running mates new abilities, they also give each NPC a fitting resolution to their own unique stories.If you liked Shadowrun Returns, the Dragonfall Director's Cut is definitely worth purchasing (if you haven't already gotten it for free!). If you're new to the game,  this is definitely where you should start. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,300550,24524172,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Janos Biro,"I know Shadowrun since 1994, when I bought the second edition core book, the novels and almost every sourcebook that I could find. I love the cyberpunk + magic atmosphere. Shadowrun Returns was a great game because it was very faithful to the tabletop game. And Dragonfall is even better. It has some of the greatest writing I’ve seen in a game. Even though there are no voices, the dialogs made me stand at the edge of the chair saying “oh my God, I can’t believe this is happening”, over and over again. This game is a truly epic shadowrun experience.The game mechanic is simple: turn based combat with some limited options, which really could be improved. I’ve played with the music turned off, listening to Refused (a Swedish punk band) instead. Sorry Harebrained, but it was a great improvement for me, Refused is perfect for this game and it would make a much better sound track.This game also has an adventure editor, and I guess there are a lot of Shadowrun fans that will make great content for others to play."
76561198011176280,Recommended,300550,29457586,Posted: 24 January,all,Gone,"Shadowrun Dragonfall, while not a direct sequel to Shadowrun Returns, is set in the same universe with the same mechanics. And yet, Dragonfall has some vast improvements over its predecessor.Party CompositionUnlike the predecessor, in which you hired mercenaries for each mission, Dragonfall sets you up with a dedicated team of story-related companions. Each companion has their own quest (think loyalty quests from Mass Effect, but if they weren’t garbage), which you access via dialogue between missions.Additionally, each party member has special skills you can unlock as they level up. Unlike your own character, who still levels up with Karma, your companions level up as you progress through the story and complete specific missions.CombatThe combat system seems a little more streamlined than in Shadowrun Returns. While the UI received some minor changes, everything just felt smoother and more fluid.I think the most notable change was the fact that combat would end when I had eliminated all of the enemies that I was currently engaging. This was a huge improvement over Shadowrun Returns, as it left me free to explore the map without having to move my entire party each round.StoryThe story is definitely of a much higher quality in this game. There were no notable writing errors, at least none that were so extreme as to break my immersion. Furthermore, the plot made sense. The twist at the end was indeed unexpected, but was completely believable. And the ending felt epic - I did not walk away going “What just happened?”, like I did with Shadowrun Returns.Why I hated itPerhaps this comes from playing the games back to back, but it really felt like more of the same. Sure, things were improved upon, but not so much as for it to feel like a new game.Also, I hate decking. Like, REALLY hate decking.Final RecommendationWorth playing. Take a break between the predecessor and this game, and it might feel more refreshing than it did to me."
,Recommended,300550,12281056,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,zozo,"First Shadowrun campaign (The Dead Man Switch) was kinda like tech demo, devs presented  us working game with somewhat mediocre linear campaign, i would rate that 6/10.But with Dragonfall, which is not just a DLC, it its more like old addon-disc, they polished UI, added better music, much better fight mechanic (with cover, flanks, not just RNG), proper story and character development. Also it does amazing job creating atmosphere without any cutscenes or dubbing (that actually forces you to read text, not just skip it). If you are fan of cyperpunk RPGs definitelly pick this up, even for a full price."
,Recommended,300550,12271251,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ikarrus,"Shadowrun is fast becoming one of my favourite game (series?). They started a bit rough, but the Dragonfall DLC was fantastic. The directors cut basically builds on Dragonfall even further, overhauling the UI to be actually tolerable and adding some more sweet, delicious character-centric content in some pretty great missions. The best release of a Shadowrun video game yet.Even if you've already played Dragonfall, the Director's Cut is woth replaying. I personally could not be any more satisfied with my purchase."
,Recommended,300550,12441299,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dantés,"Deep. Not for gamers with ADHD.This is a great game that hearkens back to the old-styled western RPG. The sort of game you would have played to death in the mid-nineties. But with much better graphics. The plot is full of character and soul, moreso than most games you see on the market as AAA titles.It takes patience. Yes. There are main two elements: tactical turn-based combat and text driven story. Combat is not fast, nor is it encouraged. You gain XP by revealing the plotline, and not by killing.When solving puzzles you'll sometimes need a pen and paper to one side to (e.g.) jot down names or codes from a journal entry; as you may need that information to hack into a network later on.Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall is a love song to an older generation of gamers. It will appeal to people that want to read, and engage in, a story more than they want flashy graphics every time they open a door.However. Don't play this in a hurry, or if your comprehension of written English is below par. Reading is central to the experience here.If you like isometric RPGs, the X-COM genre and Cyberpunk you'll love this. If you don't, or you have ADHD then you won't."
,Recommended,300550,12496057,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Snowdog,Simply amazing!96% ~Snowdog
76561198117760235,Recommended,300550,12305547,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Skarp Hulduson,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is pretty much everything I had hoped Shadowrun Returns would be. The difference is not so much in the game engine, although some minor user-friendly UI tweaks in the Director's Cut are most welcome, as in the design of the content. Where the Shadowrun Returns adventure (The Dead Man's Switch) was heavy-handedly linear, almost completely lacking in opportunities to simply explore the landscape and run missions unrelated to the main plot, Dragonfall has some minor characters with interests and concerns (and missions) that have little or nothing to do with the fall of a dragon. It's almost like a rebirth of the brilliant world of the Sega Genesis entry in the Shadowrun video game franchise.My one complaint is that it is most unsatisfying to try to play a Decker, which is my favourite class. Few missions require decking skills, and even when they are of use it is often simply a question of: ""Do you have a party member with a Decker of at least level whatever?"" If so, you can use this terminal, bypass this security, etc. ... without having to actually *do* anything.That aside, I like this game a LOT. If you like to sandbox and take a leisurely look around, you can do that (some). If you want to stick to the main story and get to the end as quickly as possible, you can do that (mostly). And if you're a crusty old pedant like me, you'll be pleased to know that when the big story segments are presented, this time around the story is told with proper attention to spelling, grammar and punctuation."
76561198085887387,Recommended,300550,23697626,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,erikn1982,"I really enjoy the lore and worldcraft of the Shadowrun games. Pretty decent isometric tactical RPG.  Take your squad of cyber/mage/soldier/punks on missions to kill people and steal stuff.I feel like everything was improved on this just slightly than the first game of this series.Still annoyed at the ""80% chance to hit, miss miss miss miss"" crap.  That still needs fixed.  It can get pretty frustrating when a big fight happens and it takes an hour when it should have taken 10 minutes.But the story and other aspects of gameplay more than make up for that."
76561197991009575,Recommended,300550,19163931,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"In how many games will you hear about a fat dwarf moving like a cheetah as he jumps to use his big, fat body to save a Turkish barista from getting shot? Well...this is one of them.Pretty much an upgrade of the first ""Shadowrun Return"" version. The world feels more complete and open and the quests are more. You also get your own team and they do not steal your money to go on your trips in the same manner. I do miss the old bar and I think I prefered Seattle in some places more than Berlin. But the game is overall a much more poolished version of the first version. Directos Cut is a clear buy if you like turnbased RPGs.I raise the old 6,5 in Shadowrun Returns to a 7,5 in this one. Which I state as a ""Good game""."
,Recommended,300550,26023341,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MrJibs,"I really enjoyed this game. If you like cyberpunk, and rpg's, give this one a shot.I feel this game did a very good job of capturing the table top rpg feel."
76561198045335560,Recommended,300550,21163104,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Grizzzzlebaerz,"I was highly skeptical that I’d enjoy this game, but I thought it wouldn’t be too bad to lose three dollars. I was pleasantly surprised with what I got out of it. I have skirted around old school computer role playing games (‘crpg’) for a while because of the preconceived notion that I would not in a million years be able to play these due to their older sensibilities and graphics. As soon as I booted it up I was one hundred percent there; Harebrained studios had that special something that was able to sink its hooks into me straight from the get go. What I got out of this game was a tactical combat system that was easy to pick up, characters that I cared about in a story that was intriguing, and ‘rpg’ mechanics that were solid.Story:When playing games today one usually expects the narrative to be told through fully voiced and animated characters but despite the lack of these, it remained completely engaging right up to the end. The entire story is told through text with no voice over, so the fact that I was fully engaged in the game was quite a surprise. The way they wrote the story made me want to keep going, uncovering the deeper plot and learning about the characters in my crew. There is a sense of mystery hidden behind each plot point and some of the characters, which produces the urge to discover and not just forget about the members in your team. All the characters are pretty well written with different problems that they have, and some which the player can help solve by means of side quests. Other characters just need somebody to talk to and the player can find out about them and uncover their mystery just by talking to them. The story and characters were just very well done.Gameplay:The narrative is supported by a pretty intuitive tactical combat system that is easy to learn but harder to master. It is turn based, with each character on your team given a certain amount of turns with which they can close distance between an enemy, find cover, attack, heal, use tools, and buff team mates. There are substances that can be taken to do various things to a character. Placement of characters is vital for surviving combat scenarios, especially due to the fact that longer range weapons become less effective at close range, while of course a shotgun  is ineffective at long range. Knowing when to use med kits and abilities optimally is also important. The game play loop is fun and thoughtful due to the varying roles of team members, the array of weapons, and progression in levelling up characters.World:The World is also an important component of the game. Although the scenery may be grimy and maybe not so aesthetically pleasing, it feels real, with the people in it having problems that can range from plumbing issues to more elaborate corporate schemes. The characters populating the cities really live there, and feel like they are actually a part of this cyberpunk Germany.  Even though it is outwardly stained and ugly, the good people populating the Kreuzbazar make it worth fighting for and exploring.Performance was rock solid at 60 FPS with my specs:8GB DDR3 RAMi5 2320 3.0GhzNvidia GTX 760 4GBFinal verdict:9/10"
,Recommended,300550,12838413,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Wintermin,"Shadowrun! It's a great little RPG/turn-based action game. As far as combat goes it shares a lot of similarities with X-Com, however the addition of magic, and a wide variety of skills and weapons means that it's quite detailed and a lot of fun to play. The roleplaying portions of the game are fun, and you can assist or kill people and monsters you meet, as you see fit. There's some hacking and espionage elements that you can use during missions, or just blow everything up. I'm a completionist, so I like all the optional mission objectives and side quests. I haven't had a chance to play any of the user-created content, but there is some content out there for when you finish the main game. Overall it's good fun and a well-polished game, so I recommend it."
76561198344743399,Recommended,300550,34407030,Posted: 21 August,all,popejoeii,"This was an overall pretty good game for anyone who likes the 3/4 overhead style RPG. Fantastic artwork and an entertaining story kept me in it the whole time, but at the same time, the game felt like it was mostly on rails. There was little to do that made it feel like a legitimate RPG, and (unless I missed something significant) customization options were pretty sparse. Few guns, almost zero opportunities to do any decking (especially when you weren't being shot at in the real world), and less legitimate interaction with it's world than the 25(ish) year old Genesis classic make it feel more like a cheap knockoff trading under the Shadowrun name than a member of the family."
,Recommended,300550,22306746,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zelmor,"An enjoyable and entertaining game. I made a point of playing a jerk type character, interested whether or not the writing was baby-banging-to-the-wall bad. It was not! I enjoyed picking on the troll and being a bit of a prick to everyone in a loving, shadowrunnery sort of way. Even to a dragon. There is a dragon in it! Hope I didn't spoil it for you.Back to the game: combat starts weird but gets enjoyable later on as your options open up. I was playing a rigger/decker, and I will most probably play this game again as a mage. Inventory management is utter ƨhite, and while not being able to manage your story-companion character's gear, it is quite understandable from the context: they are all running the shadows. No way some dwarf in cool shades can just fancy-prancy-magic-dancy into their hole - err, home - and tell them what to wear and what to kill people with.My biggest complaint would be the UI. I hope it got better in later titles, because not being able to manage inventory and seeing stats like HP on the same page is bad design. Also, the rotating between party members' inventories and character screens when trying to heal them outside of combat is just stupid too. It gets bearable once you get the logic of it, mind you there is little to it. Maybe there are mods for that? I have not checked, quite frankly.Story is good, interesting, lots of choices. It also taught me, as someone interested in game mastering shadowrun and other, a good lesson: always have mechanically different solutions to problems. As a rigger and decker, I had plenty opportunity to get around obstacles: make fights easier by turning automatic weaponry against their owners, hack matrix defences and get access to cameras thus avoiding conflict where unnecessary, as well as a lot of additional information during missions that would not have been available to me had I played a charismatic mage character. Though those can be deckers too! Though you pay with magical capabilities due to the essence loss associated with cyberware implants, but hey, make an interesting character, not one that is a cookie-cutter powerhouse. You are here to have fun, after all.Difficulty-wise, I played it on hard, had no issue. I would recommend playing on hard because if normal is any more easy, anyone who has played strategic games like this will be bored quick. Whenever I rewinded a mission, during which you cannot save so you have to start again, I did it to see different conversational choices' effects on the narrative. Some differed to greater degree than others.Overall, this is a good game. I do recommend it to folks, whether you like Shadowrun as a tabletop rpg, or not."
76561198018847741,Recommended,300550,19752222,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Brasidas,"This is the 2nd Shadowrun game I've played, the first being Shadowrun Returns and I'm glad to say that the formula is the same, and it works well. I took just over 30 hours to complete this instalment but it was still pretty satisfying. My review here will comment on features as a standalone game as well as in comparison to Returns.Pros1. Good characterization of NPCs, nice turn-based combat system, unique and interesting soundtrack.2. I think there's a wider variety of weapons here, including those that stun (guns and grenades)3. I like the artwork and the atmosphere of the game -- very post-apocalyptic and cyberpunkCons1. There are a few bugs -- sometimes things temporarily freeze in the Matrix; you can move the mouse but can't click anything. This is not a big deal, after a minute or so things return to normal.2. Inventory management hasn't changed since the first game, and can be pain when you'd like to distribute items to your fellow runners (you can't). It's not a bug but a design feature, so hopefully they'll change this in time.3. The storyline isn't really as compelling as Returns. There are some twists and turns but they aren't very natural and seem a little contrived. The German setting is interesting but future storylines could do with some improvement.True to Shadowrun, there is no voice acting. And there is a LOT of dialog. But I don't consider these Cons, just features that hearken back to classic RPG type days. Some like it, some don't, others are neutral.All in all, this was still very satisfying to play (especially when your runner is equipped with a minigun!) and as long as HBS keeps producing 'em, I'll keep playing 'em.7.0/10"
,Recommended,300550,12239693,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,xthetenth,"Everything good about the Shadowrun universe with tight writing,  good reactivity and nice tactical combat. It's also got mature storylines where by mature I don't actually mean half-naked women and cursing.It also lets you say things like ""and then the medic razor-slapped the blood mage out of cover so the troll on amphetamines could headshot him with a sniper rifle."" and not even be mentioning the ex punk-rocker shaman with Don Quixote for a spirit guide.Also, new music and one song is named ""Du Heist"" 10/10 GotY get given all DLC."
,Recommended,300550,12152208,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Dr. Explosion,"BUY THIS GAME! It's not as good as everyone says it is, it's better! It has everything a great RPG needs; memorable characters, engrossing gameplay, a good story, and great mechanics. Plus, it's not ANOTHER medieval fantasy RPG! The original Dragonfall DLC was great, and the director's cut adds in more greatness. Why are you still reading!? Buy the frelling game already!"
,Recommended,300550,23752348,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gargooletz,"Technically flawed with somewhat archaic gameplay tactical turn based rpg. Fortunately story, atmosphere, characters and quest design are all really cool.Definitely worth trying out to experience unique setting but be prepared for some annoying design choices and bugs."
,Recommended,300550,26325955,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"Shadowrun Returns Dragonfall - Directors Cut is a science fantasy turn based tactical role-playing game developed and self-published by Harebrained Schemes. It takes place in the Shadowrun campaign setting from the science fantasy tabletop role-playing game. This is the second in the line of games that Harebrained Schemes done for Shadowrun.If you liked the Pencil and Paper RPGs  (Shadowrun, Cyberpunk 2020, Gurps Cyberpunk), cyberpunk themed games and playing turn-based single player campaign games, you might love this game.It has a game editor for making new missions that the community been using to improve it with and to extend the life of the game. Go through the Workshop and subscribe to the large selection of community made campaigns. It comes with the HBS campaign called Dragonfall.You play a character that can hire others to his team and do a mission.  You control the actions of each member of the team. While gameplay is mostly linear, some small amount of exploration is possible while completing objectives. The player can enter into dialogue with various characters, with different statistics and skills giving new dialogue options.It comes with the new campaign called Dragonfall which is based in Berlin, Germany.  The Dragonfall campaign starts out pretty hard.  Check the Workshop for other user created mod campaigns, try some of them if you are stuck on Dragonfall compaign. They have worked the bugs out and added more Shadowrun items to this newer version.Has Steam Achievement added to this version of game on the Dragonfall campaign. The original Shadowrun Returns don't have Steam Achievements.See wikipediahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadowrun_Returnsfor more info and spoillers.for more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TEiU2cZDqghttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/shadowrun-dragonfall---directors-cuthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6CsGZPzvd8http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2014/08/27/shadowrun-dragonfall-directors-cut/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-U9AvbkG4Qhttp://www.rpgamer.com/games/srun/srunret/reviews/srunretstrev1.htmlhttps://www.gog.com/game/shadowrun_dragonfall_directors_cut"
,Recommended,300550,17857201,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Travanoid,"Improves on Shadowrun Returns in almost every way, the writing is exceptional and the combat is greatly improved, even the Matrix sections are less painful. Outstanding sequel, can't wait for Hong Kong"
76561197972230444,Recommended,300550,20371598,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Traeba,"I bought this quite some time back and then quickly relegated it to the Buyer's Remorse pile. I'd thought it would be a real fun Shadow-Watch type game (although, yes, that game had plenty of issues) - but it was just too confusing to me to start and the game world seemed too boring. I got into my first combat on hard as recommended for veteran turn-based players, but promptly got wiped to pieces.six months later, it's christmas break. I finished witcher 3, and then dying light... so i decided i'd give dragonfall a spin again. this time, i wised up and chose normal mode... and I also completely abandoned any kind of min-maxing. I just decided to make a character that would swing a katana pretty decently, and then put plenty of points in things like intelligence and charisma so that I could say/do more things in dialogues than just yes/no/kill.well... it's 3am right now. i've been playing this for eight hours straight. yep, it's indeed very much fun, much more than shadow watch, and well written. theres little niggles like the mouse cursor is hard to place at times when too close to a character, but you just have to move it slowly and ... there it goes.some people complain that some battles are too long, but i disagree. i love the waves and waves of enemies. its always dissapointing when you make a good team and all you get are clowns that peter out in 5 minutes.i'd go as far as to say that if you like xcom but wish you could have more control over your guys... well, this is the game for you. fallout fans will like this, too (the original games)."
,Recommended,300550,12305564,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Kana,"Love this game, I love the entire Shadowrun Lore/Universe and the music is awesome."
,Recommended,300550,19008740,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Berserk Smurf,"Isometric RPG in a weird German cyberpunk setting with decent turn-based combat, good implementation of the ruleset and an enjoyable storyline. You don't need to know the other games or the setting to enjoy this, but you do need to be prepared to read a bit.Solid 7.5-8/10 - the only real failing of this game is when you hit bugs, and you probably will at some point, so be warned.There are ample reviews of this game already, I'll include a few things I haven't seen mentioned much in the other ones.Writing:Cyberpunk setting, but don't you let that put you off - I'm not a fan of cyberpunk stuff, but the story holds my interest and the game is enjoyable anyway. Accessible, interesting and worth enjoying as a story in its own right.The writing is passable if not stunningly good, there is a fairly dry narrative style throughout but it is concise enough not to matter, and the actual story told is great. Story arcs are sane in structure, characters are ok, motivation is created to continue and there is nothing infuriating for the story junkie, assuming you can cope with the natural level of cheesiness you get in this kind of setting.RP:Dialogue *often* presupposes what the Player-Character's disposition will be towards a given NPC or event, offering a choice of different spins on the same thing that are obviously calculated to get different responses from the NPCs. As such, you won't be weaving a deep RP experience with your own character, picking to do the right or wrong thing, to love or hate this faction or that, throughout this game.So in terms of RP, slightly more of an adventure than an RPG - but really good enough to play anyway, and you do get to build your own char properly in the mechanical sense.Combat:Turn-based not pause and play, but isometric RPG combat is here and well-implemented, with various classes that cast/melee/use guns, positioning is important (flanking, cover, proximity) and you can cast your party members in different roles and get a ""game plan"" going on that leverages their strengths.There is a whiff of both XCOM and the infinity engine games about the combat, and although I can't promise you will enjoy Dragonfall's gameplay as much as either of those, it is fairly solid and holds up well if you are an old hand.Production values/aesthetics:The game is simple and perhaps inexpensive in art style and graphics, but is done in a way that looks and feels complete and consistent, neat and tidy - it will not make your eyes bleed. You may occasionally wince at the cheesiness of drawn/painted things, which have a whiff of fan art about them (the title screen being a great example) but I think this actually fits the cyberpunk aesthetic really well.Sound is OK to good, with a nice 80s sci fi feel to the music which is again quite in keeping with the game's setting and tone - but again will not rock your socks off or anything.Implementation of ruleset:Not an expert on this ruleset, but at face value this seems to be a satisfactory implementation in spirit, indeed quite good considering how light the game seems at first. You can build a character as you wish using one of the predefined classes, or create your own from scratch, and everything that should be there for the purposes of gameplay, seems to be there.Touch controls (for the very few people who are interested :) ):Obviously, mainly you will want to play this on a PC. With that said, should you switch to your Surface/other windows tablet for a relaxing session away from your PC, the game switches to touch controls and works excellently, which is a nice aspect of many top-down RPGS.It could do with a toggle for touch controls rather than detection, however, because streaming to a tablet (which is otherwise awesome) means no touch controls - as a mouse-driven game you have almost everything working fine except mouse drag clicks somewhere random when you stop dragging (which makes combat very difficult/unplayable). That said, isometric RPGers who do this probably already own Gestureworks - I uploaded a profile for Shadowrun: Dragonfall which just adds a pad for mouse drag, so if you grab that the game is *mostly* fine. For hover, I guess you can switch the game to ""double click"" in the settings, although I didn't really find this necessary.Bugs:This is the only real downfall of the game. There are bugs, you can trigger them easily, you will find them. It's not such a nightmarish bugfest that I would give it a thumbs down, but it feels pretty bad to experience problems during a long and difficult fight (you can't save during combat) and patches don't seem to be forthcoming - the game can be something of a nightmare if you get caught up in the worst of these bugs, so be warned."
76561198004689691,Recommended,300550,26726357,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rage,"The Good:+ Similar mechanics as previous Shadowrun Returns. Allows you to just jump in and play if you have played that game.+ Interesting story that develops as the game goes and keeps you engaged.+ Forces you to make some tough decisions. I appreciate that in an RPG because it allows you to evolve and play your character. Give your play though and character depth.+ Game does not waste your time. No real unnecessary grinding. Play though took ~19 hours.+ Lots of interesting missions.+ Good characters.+ Play the kind of character you want.+ Replay-ability. Missions have multiple ways to complete them. Also being forced to make some decisions it would be interesting to see how the game would possibly turn out if you played a different route.+ A better combat interface than Shadowrun Returns.The Bad:- I feel like even scaled up the text is generally smaller than I would like.- Still some wonky interface stuff. For example healing other team members in between combat.TLDR;It is a well crafted RPG that will not waste your time, and tell you a decent story. It is an improvement of previous games in the series. I would highly recommend it."
76561198131379643,Recommended,300550,32879985,Posted: 27 June,all,frenchfrog,"Interesting rpg turn based game. Probably not the best (I am an old Fallout fan) but it was a new setting and an interesting one. The story is quite rich, however it feels that what ever you decide doesn't make a whole lot of difference.Graphics are limited : the game engine cant beat bitmap isometric games in precision and is nothing like a Fallout 4 / Skyrim 3D game.Sounds are also very limited, with no dialogues, repetitive music, poor sound effects.Gameplay is more interesting, with limited action points, no crazy perks that allow power gaming. The ""decking"" part can be anooying but is really part of the game. And your team is limited to 4 runners, including you. That makes for strategy.I would give it 6/10."
,Recommended,300550,13554926,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ThatWuneGuy,"It's Shadowrun Returns, but better in every way. Returns was great, but Dragonfall outshines it so heavily that Shadowrun Returns seems bad in comparison."
,Recommended,300550,13504571,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RedDreadnaught,"Stands alone in the cyberpunk turn-based RPG market.  There are other games with similar themes, but there's nothing as good as Shadowrun: Dragonfall in terms of the finished product.-Incredible amount of character skins and specializations.  The experience is slightly different based on the race, class, and specialization of skills you choose.  My dwarf rigger uses totally different combat strategies than my human street-samaurai, and triggers different interactions with NPCs.-Excellent ambient soundtrack music and effects add suspense.-Better than average story blending magic, corporate espionage, and political intrigue in post-modern Berlin.-Variety of missions including data-theft, pickup-and-deliver, assassination, negotiation, and protection.-Optional objectives (side quests) between missions, or often within them.-Events become available (or unavailable), based on your choices in conversations and side quests.Usually your team is limited to 4 runners, but the combats never feel unbalanced since your team gains greater skills as you progress through the story.  Fans of other turn-based tactical RPGs like Ogre Battle, Fire Emblem, or Final Fantasy Tactics should probably own Shadowrun: Dragonfall."
,Recommended,300550,17811176,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nervoth,"Good looking storydriven RPG where mission counts, not the body count.Decent customisation - both characted and equipment.Interesting choises and characters.Beware of text walls though, nothing is voiced.9/10."
76561198027543392,Recommended,300550,12222384,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,khalil,"This is one of the best modern RPGs I have played. The villain is sympathetic, the plot intriguing, and the ""moral"" choices containing so many shades of gray there are only a few times where you will know that you have done the right thing. On top of that, it has the best written companions since Planescape: Torment (although the plot in general is not on the level of that masterpiece), each with their own unique quest. I'll be honest here, Glory's quest legitimately made me want to cry. If that's not a recommendation, nothing is."
76561198159706465,Recommended,300550,23427086,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Drag0nK1ngMark,"If you played Shadowrun returns and want more action, then this game is for you. Improving on the original, Dragonfall: Director's Cut starts you off with a simple milk-run gone wrong. Now you gotta find who did it while haggling jobs from clients. This game is where Shadowrun started to cement my love for the franchise.The game itself improves on many of Returns's problems, and vastly overhauls the game to being something else entirely. I never tried the vanilla version, but this game feels better than whatever it was. The team you run with are all unique and fun, diverse and exciting are their personal quests, and the rewards from them help you in the game in the long run. The addition of leveling your character and party up vastly makes this one of my favorites, as you cna customize anyone to your heart's desire.The locales and the world are beautifully rendered and a fun to blitz through, and I loved the many choices at the end to wrap it up, even if the ending itself was a bit weak given all you did. but hey, that's the price when you run in the shadows. Still, it's a fun game nonetheless."
,Recommended,300550,12262036,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Nice standalone. Graphics are much more pretty than Shadowrun: Returns. New weapons are nice, different endings such cool."
,Recommended,300550,13207467,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"*6hrs+So just to update at the 6hr+ mark game has gotten even better. First mission area is fun location with some nice challenging battles, optional quests and loot to be had. The squad also has a levelling system akin to XCOM / Mass Effect (2 choices per level) and that fabled tactical option of overwatch 'is' indeed there, sweet! Bear in mind that much is hidden / locked until you progress at the start and that can take a while if your chatting to all NPCs & reading computer screens etc. But for me again thus far, great squad-based tactical rpg!*First impressions (< 2hrs):Just under 2hrs but first impressions, this is as good as the latest xcom for me, more reading required as there isn't any voice acting to speak of but the writing thus far is very detailed and quite sublime setting up the scenes and situations perfectly.Visuals are nice and stylized fitting the cyber punk theme pefectly that also matches the awesome sounds & music.All I'm looking for now is my favourite option in my turn-based tactical strategy games, overwatch (or attack on move), I hope it's there but there are many, many upgrade options and skills already available so it shouldn't prove a problem otherwise."
76561198007300752,Recommended,300550,15033935,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Blackadar,"Not perfect, but good.The Shadowrun series is a bit of a mixed bag for me. Neither the first nor this one has really produced a gripping story. Combat options are limited. I HATE HATE HATE the hacking sequences. There are a lot of flaws in this series.Yet I play these and have a great time with them. The exploration is good. The world of Shadowrun is so compelling that you just have to see what's around the next corner. The art style is simply one of my favorites in any game, ever.  The gameplay is cool - you will not have the skills to solve every issue and you have to learn how to deal with it. That might be maddening to some, but it makes it all the sweeter when you do have the right skills to take advantage of the situation.Plus, the dev is awesome. Not only do they release a good game at release, but they've gone in and added real content as a ""thank you"" to their customers. Who else really does this? Which is why I backed their latest kickstarter.This won't be your GOTY, but you will get 20 hours or so of great enjoyment from it if you like the subject matter. Plus you're supporting one of the ""good guys"" in gaming development.Now that is all said, let's talk about Drgonfall. Shadowrun Dragonfall is the highlight of the series. With very similar gameplay mechanics between the three different games n this series it boils down to which game has the best and most comprehensive story. Dragonfall's story is - IMO - the most memorable of the bunch. It's interesting, it's complex and it's there are some very good NPC characters in this game world. It's not the most brilliantly written RPG but Dragonfall is above average (while the other two are fairly average). Combat options have been improved from the first game and the Director's Cut additions do a much-needed job of fleshing out the game world.Thus I recommend this to RPG fans. If you're going to play all 3 Shadowrun games then I suggest you do so in order they were released. If you're going to buy just one, this is the one to buy."
76561198040669155,Recommended,300550,13226182,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Helluvee,"Overall 8/10Excellent old-style RPG based on the Shadowrun pen & paper version.PROS+ Intriguing storyline, good story-telling, captures the cyberpunk magic atmosphere of the original game.+ Good turn-based combat+ No bugs, quite polished, easy to learn+ Excellent potential for expansions, new chapters and sequels.CONS- While a tad more varied than its precedessor Shadowrun Returns, it's still quite linear.- While the grpahics are overall functional, you cannot really ""zoom in"" nor rotate the view- The inventory system is somehow funky.- Limited replayabilityA professional, polished and entertaining product that should provide 20 to 40 hours of fun through a very solid storyline  and a mesmerizing atmosphere. Big improvement vs Shadowrun Returns."
,Recommended,300550,14368378,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Static,"Dragonfall is the 'sequel' to Shadowrun Returns and is an amazing addition all-around. For those unfamiliar, it's a singeplayer turned-based cyberpunk RPG (with magic), Steam Workshop integration and modding tools included (as they were in the first campaign). Simply put, Dragonfall is a amazing."
,Recommended,300550,26833692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pyromancer,"Without a doubt the best of the three new Shadowruns, if you want to pick just one to play this is it."
,Recommended,300550,16743891,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Phoenix-san,"I liked Shadowrun Returns a lot when it came out. It had a new fantasy-cyberpunk setting for me, looked pretty, story was nice. As a huge cyberpunk fan i was amazed. I missed Dragonfall when it was released as Dlc campaign, but now i finally caught up.I didn't expect too much since i heard back in 2013 that ""Berlin"" was planned as small mini-campaign for original SR:R backers. At my surprise i was wrong. So wrong.Story is deeper. Characters is a lot better. Each has its own story line. My personal favorite is Glory. It took me longer to complete the Dragonfall than Returns. Music is fine. Atmopspere is incredible. Unique cyberpunk-fantasy with orks, trolls and elves.I dont really cared for gameplay as i played for story mostly. But i guess battle system is fine too.Dont worry if you haven't played Shadowrun Returns as it dont have much connections to this game.If you like cyberpunk and games with decent story line - i highly recommend."
76561198028770690,Recommended,300550,12137583,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,DORULUKE,A Big Improvement over the Original „Shadowrun DragonFall” !
76561198090442319,Recommended,300550,12649361,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,olegsvyato,"This game is what real fun is like )Fighting demon with combat drones and cyborg? Hell yeah! )Summoning spirit in high-tech lab? Hell yeah! )Basiliscs VS shotguns? Hell yeah! )In addition to the above mentioned the game features awesome style, captivating story and cool dialogues. It's like reading a good book with regular tactical combat.If you enjoy cool rpgs and tactical games - just go and play Dragonfall )"
76561197978770722,Recommended,300550,13377064,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Warlock Kepy,"After spending around 40 hours of pretty tight game time it all comes to this - Shadowrun, what can I say?First of all I must say that knowledge of the shadowrun universe is hardly limited due to the fact that in soviet Russia RP games played you! Actually it's because the RP base isn't as developed as in US or EU. Most of the knowledge of Shadowrun's universe came from watching Spoony Experiment videos on shadowrun. It sounded like fun and when Dragonfall popped up on sale — I took my bet into playing it. I'd say it's worth the money.The idea, the look, the type of game play — it hooked me up, I like those type of games. The techno&magic mix made me go nostalgia about Arcanum... what a treat that was... I most likely will be comparing those two in the review quite a few times.Anyway, you play as a shadowrunner, a person doing jobs, or should I even say ""shady"" jobs, hoho, for the profits! Yeah, that's about it actually. Yes, you're just a ""mercenary"" going to do jobs to profit from. Killing, hacking, sabotaging, blowing sheit up — you name it. And you don't work alone, you got a bunch of fellow shadowrunners at your side helping you out. I assume that can go out solo by not picking any mates on the mission screen but the mechanics of the game don't have stealth elements in it, so you'll just end up eating a bullet in the end anyway.So your first mission is to break into an old estate of some guy. Simple enough. You go in, rumble around and... sheits get real! Yeah, you don't fool around in here. Sheit gets real fast and you need to work your way through up till the end.Not going to spoil more so let's go more into technical stuff:1)The graphics are ok. I mean it looks like neverwinter in future (no surprise) so you shouldn't be expecting hotzors 3d female forms popping out on you and having blast process of your nvid cards blow your mind. You're not here for the graphics. Good games don't need graphics (they do actually, ""cough"").2)The skills and rp elements are where they are. You get a big tree of skills which helps your character to go through his hardships of shadowrunning. Be that gunfight, hacking, casting spells — it's all here for you. Want to be a ninja with a sword and a rifle - sure thing. A pro-hacking mage — not a problem. Want to be a dwarf that hits people in the shins — go right ahead, do it! There are a bunch of races to pick from: dwarfs, humans, elfs, trolls... I assume it just gives partial boost to stats and limits to your skill tree. Just pick an elf and you can be good at pretty much everything! You even get to choose the skills of your fellow group runners, but the choices are quite limited. Actually they are limited to just 2. Yeah, bummer.3)Action. Well, this where the game takes a moderate blow. Your acting on the field is pretty limited. You just walk around, point and click stuff to work/pick up and when enemies pop up you go into the attack mode which did disappoint me. The combat is turn based which provides each of the character with limited amount of action points. That is 2 for most of the game and 3 at the end of it. Those can be boost by certain items for a period of round, but it's not a big thing. It all falls down to finding the biggest rock/table/cover on the screen, get behind it and start shooting. Going out with your fists and swords is possible as well, which actually isn't such a bad choice, but I dismissed the idea of becoming  a bullet-cushion. To spice the combat a bit there where added a few things to mage it a tad more interesting, like leylines for the casters (specific points on the map which glow and add some bonuses to casting) and explosive barrels (which there aren't a whole lot throughout the game, but hey, I guess it would look even more rtarded if the goons where hanging around explosive materials. There can also be found some turrets which can be hacked to from certain terminals, but they aren't all that groundbreaking.The hacking UI is pretty similar to the combat one, except that you're limited to specific ""program"" actions that you buy and the linear maps are even more linear. Not much to say about that, except that getting killed in the virtual land just makes your eyes bleed a little, not killing you on the spot (most of the times).Controls aren't spectacular. Misclicking is sometimes a point of frustration, when it leads to cancel your attack action forcing your az out of cover up to your enemies face. For the weapon selected you have a bunch of skills to use (depending on how you level them) which consume different amount of action points and ammo. Yeah, while you have ammo, you don't have its count, as in - you don't need to buy it. It's stocked up so you just need to reload your gun when you need to, spending a point or two to do so. Mana for the casters doesn't seem to be running out as well. You just get counters on your skills and magic which usually takes about 1-2 rounds of cool down.The first thing in combat I went to was my numpad. In Arcanum you could pick the part of the body to make your attack to but in here... no, you can't do that. It could've added possibilities though, as in — shoot the gun/arm of the foe and then talk some sense into him... but nope, murder that fker!There's also no stealth element in here. No crouching, getting past people, etc. At a certain mission you'll try to go past a patrolling guard without detection, but most likely you'll fail a few times like me, crossing out stealth completely.While not on the missions you get to hang around a sector of town named Kreuzbasar. It got all ya need — weapons, hacking tools, medical supplies, magic, all natural coffee. I should note though, that the stocks are rather poor. There isn't much of variation on guns, spells or other tools. It's just a item with a level 1 at start and later items and spells of 2 and 3rd levels. You also get to have some robo and bio implants injected into your body, but there isn't a big variety of those as well and you'll need quite the coin to get jacked all over with those. Not to mention that they decrease your ""humanity"" points or w/e, which decreases the amount of spell-slots of yours.4)Socials. As an RP game about 30-40% of the game you'll be talking. Talking to people, machines, your dog, etc. Same to interactions with terminals and computers. You get certain lines of dialog each time which are fun to read and decide on whether you're a good guy, ok guy, not care a lot guy or an azhole. The responses will come out in the similar line to your dialog options. There are a few specific lines that pop up from time to time and if you have the required skills (charisma, decking, etc...) — you can pick those. They mostly just give additional options of solving your verbal problems together with giving some neat text to read and a few karma (skill) points.5)Characters. The game actually works a bit strange with that. You have a set of runners with you, ones that are close colleagues of yours and others hired for cash. But picking certain classes as your own to play, such as a caster or decker makes certain chars obsolete. You can only go in a set of 4 to runs but for some reason the absent member of your crew seem to have a dialog later of how difficult it was doing this or that, how good you where on a mission and stuff. Creepy. Or lazy? The socials in your crew aren't really gained, in the end you still can talk everyone up to their best and get their special missions. At certain point you it ruins the feel of completing stuff for them.6)Overall. The game is satisfying, but leaves a feel that it's raw. The potential of such game is huge, like that of Arcanum, but this one is shallow. I do though understand that this one is just a start for the setting. At some point I hope that it will stand up to Arcanum standards, will turn from an enthusiast based table game into an epic adventure. Right now it's a onetime game."
76561197975380105,Recommended,300550,12239873,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,KiloAlpha,"Wow, what to say about this game.  It totally takes me back to my tabletop days.  The environments rock and the way the story is told is like having a GM right there.  I like the art style, it fits the game nicely but still allows for some incredible backgrounds.  There also seems to be a use for most skills so no character ever seems left out."
,Recommended,300550,12294824,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,WaffledandDangerous,"This game is excellent! I'd never even heard of Shadowrun before but decided to buy it on a limb. Best decision ever!!! I'll admit the first hour filled me with emotions of sadness, hopelessness, and a deep feeling of extreme incompetence in all things Shadowrun. After some of those early struggles (and maybe some talk therapy), I really got into the game, it's super fun and the mechanics are amazing. I can't wait to see some of the stuff users created!!Perfect for: someone looking for a deep strategy/RPG blend that they can really get intoBad for: the weak of heart, the weak of mind, and people to whom the idea of a turn based tactics/RPG game just doesn't appeal"
,Recommended,300550,12279678,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rockus,"Never been more happier backing a game on Kickstarter. Deadman's Switch was good. But it was too short and the lore was a bit too much for such a story. Dragonfall has completely blown me away. Relatable characters, good runs (both short and long), and wonderful atmosphere. Visuals are adequate and do a good job of sucking you in after a couple of hours. Music is haunting and perfectly syncs with the environment. Highly recommended. Cannot wait for the brilliant mods!"
,Recommended,300550,18826792,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,(PoA) ¿Señor Santiágo?!,"The shadowrunner up of turn-based RPGs.As turn-based RPGs go, theShadowrunseries fromHarebrained Schemeshas consistently proven to be ""jack of all trades, master of none.""Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cutis no exception to this rule - however, while underwhelming, it still pulls off a very enjoyable cyberpunk adventure and deserves a playthrough or two.Yes, the game includes character development, an involved plot & a detailed cyberpunk setting.  It isn't the best example of these things, though.  Yes, the game features RPG progression & tactical turn-based combat, but it is soundly beaten in both departments by other games in the turn-based world (particularly concerning combat, theXCOMseries is superior).  This is the series that has it all, but doesn't quite do it well enough to knock your socks off.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing, it's just how it is.  In fact it seems like every successive title fromHarebrained Schemes- fromShadowrun ReturnstoShadowrun: Hong Kong- gets better & better.With the Director's Cut, at first I expected a glorified expansion to what was a tragically brief & sparse campaign inShadowrun Returns.  The question of whether this could stand on its own legs as a full game was decisively answered in the affirmative.  The campaign has enough content and detail to qualify as a standalone.  Improvements across the board, to engine, combat, progression and creative aspects are welcome & give me hope for the future of this developer.Difficulty settings range from Easy to Very Hard; I did my first playthrough on Normal & only got caught up on one fight, which I was able to finish after retrying.  Even the final encounter of the game was of little challenge on Normal.  Hard seems the appropriate setting for most players to start with.Credit where it's due, this is a highly enjoyable scifi cyberpunk setting with unique lore that blends Fantasy with Scifi & offers a distinctive narrative style.  The writing for plot, dialogue & more remain sort of simple & cumbersome as in its predecessor, but that's not to say I didn't enjoy most of the experience.I do like the RPG system in this series.  Race, class, attributes, skills, abilities, gear, cyberware & essence - all this enables fun character builds.  The progression system makes point distribution & other choices meaningful.  Design seems to prioritize familiarity & accessibility (read: simplicity) over depth (complexity).  It works out okay - it's nice to know that (as long as you've got a clear archetype in mind) your best choice for upgrades is immediate & obvious, at all times.As with its predecessor,Shadowrun: Dragonfallsuffers from a slowing of pace that renders the campaign a bit tedious to get through.  This is an issue inside & outside of combat.  Turns take long than they should.  Everything from the menu & user interface navigation to movement & interacting with NPCs/objects just feels a bit slow.  Fans of turn-based genre may or may not mind any of this, but it's worth noting this kind of problem is frequently cited as what turns other gamers off of turn-based RPGs.  Further slowing progress is a narrative heavy on dialogue & description (which I would be all for, except that as I said the writing is often mediocre).Piggybacking on this problem of the game being too slow, there are a few occasions of what must be either design oversights or bugs:Occasionally combat doesn't end after your group eliminates the last visible opponent, presumably because it's scripted to be a running gunfight situation or because other enemy npcs are present nearby but outside your line of sight.  Moving party members individually, especially if advancing carefully, using overwatch, keeping buffs up, etcetera..gets tedious after several turns with no action whatsoever.Sometimes enemy AI is clearly confused or caught up on some unknown issue, because enemy turns will last far longer than usual, forcing the player to either reload the game or sit and hopefully see resolution to the turn.  This is frequent enough to be a real annoyance; it's especially likely to happen while a decker is jacked into the matrix.The campaign editor that famously released withShadowrun Returnsis also available here & appears to be a robust tool for modders.  I haven't taken the time or effort to learn it & thus can't comment on it.  I can comment on the player made content using the editor, which includes a few decent story driven campaigns.  That's what I search for & they're there, but few & far between.By no means should my criticisms turn you off of this game, especially if you're a fan of the genre & of cyberpunk.  It's enjoyable & can be had very, very cheaply during Steam sales.  Thumbs up review, definitely worth a playthrough!TIP: Remember the player character's Essence score cannot go below 1, & that'safterany cyberware enhancements, so plan accordingly.  New upgrades costing either more or less essence will become available as the main campaign story progresses, & additionally after certain side missions are completed."
76561197960421782,Recommended,300550,25850401,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ϯ ic! Sweeep™ ☣🍁,"Very fun turn-based game.Loved the stories, you also get to make choices that impact outcomes.Couldn't stop playing it, just had to finish it type of game.However, I didn't find playing it again as fun as it was first time around even though there are a variety of classes to play.I did play both the original and the sequel, both have great stories.Looking forward to playing Shadowrun: Hong Kong."
76561198117714088,Recommended,300550,12251387,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,♥R¡ø† G®rL♦,There is extra content to do with the Lodge and the battle system looks way smoother. And I haven't even finished it. Wonderful!
,Recommended,300550,12859281,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Taranis,"Incredible campaign, excellent writing, memorable characters, difficult choices and one of the best RPG's of 2014, in the likes of Wasteland 2 and Divinity: Original Sin. Bioware and CRPG fans alike and should check this one out!"
76561198039450637,Recommended,300550,13687282,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mnacko,Stop reading comments and go buy this game!10/10
76561198101809413,Recommended,300550,12382386,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,studio.temporar,"Brilliant experience. A must for RPG- and TBS-fans alike. Honestly, I haven't feelt this way for a game in this vein since Baldur's Gate II."
,Recommended,300550,12246987,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,svorenson,"Like cyberpunk? Like turn-based combat? Then you will probably love this game. The narrative is interesting and resonates with themes of friendship and especially trust, which is a vital aspect of Shadowrun if you want to have more than just ""dungeon hacking"" in the future. It helps a lot that the project is led by Jordan Weisman, creator of the (tabletop) Shadowrun RPG.For those who have played Dragonfall as an expansion to the base game, this standalone version includes some new side missions and the possibility to customize the progression of the main NPCs. The combat interface has also been modified to present your tactical options more clearly (although I miss the Fallout-esque version from the base game...)"
,Recommended,300550,12280066,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,13xforever,"The story and game mechanics are delightful, overall skill usage was diversified compared to original Dead Man's Switch campaign and a bunch of other improvements were made (more optional missions, manual save points, selling items option, etc.)So I would heartily recommend this game to anyone having an interest in cyberpunk and/or turn-based tactical squad combat. (Despite the fact that after two major releases and countless patches, this game still have UI glitches)"
,Recommended,300550,12285843,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Now that Dragonfall is standalone, we're all better off for it. Shadowrun Returns was a fair effort to revive a great IP. Dragonfall is the real game.And what a game it is. Characters feel real, like they've been lived in for a while, not just plopped all one-dimensional and tabula rasa into the story. They have motivations, interesting origins, disagreements, and so on. They feel like actual people. And those people breathe life into the story -- a conspiracy yarn full of magic, intrigue, and high-tech low-lives. Choices are difficult. There's often a clear division between the morally right and wrong choices, but the consequences muddy it up. Is it better to spare some schlub for the sake of conscience if missing a payday means you can't stop far greater evil down the line?Combat is kind of a stripped-down X-Com affair with turnbased isometric squad stuff. It's serviceable, but the real treat is the writing."
76561197975209669,Recommended,300550,12328136,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,dunklezhan,"This game IS shadowrun. It just is. Never mind adherence to pen and paper rules (which this only loosely sticks to), this ""feels"" closer to it's pnp source in concept and execution than any other computer version of it I've played. It is extremely well and atmospherically written, it is beautifully designed... the only thing I wish it had was a true sandbox mode - but never fear, because Shadowrun Unlimited, a UGC pack using the resources of Dragonfall, shows amazing promise as long as it continues to be developed by the very talented author.Seriously - if you liked Shadowrun... buy this game. If you like cyberpunk worlds, buy this game. If you hate turn based CRPGs... ok you shouldn't buy this game. But other than that, for such a low price I think you'll be hard pressed to find much better value in any single player game, anywhere."
76561197970724942,Recommended,300550,12519616,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,byrdman,Very entertaining story and great gameplay.  I was especially impressed by the level of interaction with the companions.  Everything is much improved over the original gameplay in Dead Man's Switch.  Only nitpick would be I wish we had more options for weapons; but that is a minor issue.
,Recommended,300550,12283779,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sagekun,"Impressive game. The storyline is quite intriguing and more importantly sticks to being cyberpunk (didn't really like the magic heavy ending of the initial game DMS to be honest. Made all the high tech gadgets and whatnot you got seem somewhat out of place). There were a number of choices in the game that really made me stop and think before deciding...nice balance of philanthropy, heroism, duty, and greed. The followers are also written well. You'll grow attached to them and want to know more. Buy it. You won't be wasting your money."
,Recommended,300550,12315718,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Eltacolibre,frankly one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,300550,13682673,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sirchancelotx,"I was a huge fan of the old SNES shadowrun game, and was afraid I would be bitterly disappointed. But the game ended up being amazing and completely consumed me until I finished it. Would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the classic and is debating to buy it."
,Recommended,300550,12247775,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wormerine,"Really, really, really good stuff.Dragonfall is an isometric cyber-punk RPG, with turn-based combat, colourful artstyle and great writing. While the original campaign (Dead's Man Switch) was a let down with very linear campaign and low interactivity Dragonfall fully makes up for it.It is a great title and worth checking out for any RPG fans. Great story with clever twists, interesting companions, impressive world reactivity and fun, well designed combat."
76561197980135371,Recommended,300550,12309696,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Albuquerque Halsey,"Highest recommendation for those who played SR. Some bugs, but are usually solved by saving reloading. Good length, makes the original feel like a tutorial level. Great atmosphere, Good characterization."
,Recommended,300550,12243726,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dire Goblin,"An awesome extended version of an awesome game. This is literally the best RPG since Witcher 2.Oh, and it has dragons in it. 10/10"
76561198009231914,Recommended,300550,12334731,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,fusionblaster,Love the new interface and the more tatical feel of the combat.
76561198063371772,Recommended,300550,12242048,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eccy,One of best oldschool RPG's I've played since Fallout 2 and Planescape: Torment. 9.5/10
76561198031855213,Recommended,300550,12293656,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DontrescueIFcamped,"Great story, great characters, and much better gameplay (than it was with Shadowrun Returns).  8/10"
76561198038180227,Recommended,300550,20739293,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Erick,"This game is awesome. It has minor gameplay issues (most of which have mod corrections available) and the graphic, while stylish, is not a big selling point. Music is good. But the text, THE CHARACTERS. Danm. You will learn to love your fellow runners. You will care for them, and you will crave for the next line of conversation. After you finish the game, you will regret that there are no more runs to do and you will feel empty.You will enjoy learning all about the Shadowrun universe and your own world will seem poor and pointless in comparison.If you enjoy a good story, you have to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,300550,12286587,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,saurfang,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a huge improvement over its predecessor, the ""Dead Man's Switch"" campaign from the original launch of Shadowrun Returns.  ""Dragonfall"" not only successfully captures the neo-noir atmosphere of the Shadowrun setting, it features characters that are worth caring about, a genuinely intriguing plot, and clever pulp dialogue.  While the stellar writing is the star of the show, the RPG elements are no slouch, either, with decision points and character-building options that reward replays.  The Director's Cut of Dragonfall comes highly recommended for fans of computer RPGs."
,Recommended,300550,30536666,Posted: 15 March,all,Rodrigo 🤷,"Good game. One of the very few RPGs I really got into in the last decade or so.None of the hassle:-Almost no unnecessary inventory management. Still, some choices and upgrades when it comes to weapons/armor/spells.-An objective-based XP system (you don't have to worry about getting XP from killing baddies, and there are many interesting ways to get around combat that yield the same reward.-Many missions that are concise, interesting, and never feel too long.All of the substance:-A thematically interesting hub connecting all other missions, loaded with NPCs with backstories that reveal over the course of the game, and sometimes reflect the choices you've made.-Backstory and missions for all the guys in your team-Some branching over decisions that have an interesting impact in the world, but at the same time don't feel forced, don't make you overthink things or feel that you've ruined the timeline. There aren't obvious 'right' or 'wrong' choices.-Lots of ways to solve each problem. For example, there's a room full of baddies, you can tamper with the vent system and fill it with poison gas, hack a door that opens a path around them, or walk in and kill everyone.All in all, it feels deep, but not overwhelming; it has complexity in the right places, but tries to keep it simple everywhere else. Many, relatively short missions which all feel different. Good game."
,Recommended,300550,28986281,Posted: 3 January,all,Niteonites,"I started out playing Shadowrun: Hong Kong, then played Shadowrun Returns, and I just finished Shadowrun: Dragonfall.What a great group of games. The story and atmosphere are top-notch, the writing is polished and inventive, and the gameplay itself requires a fair amount of planning.Definitely worth the purchase, on sale or not."
,Recommended,300550,33531860,Posted: 14 July,all,Winking Wizard,"Try this one before Hong Kong.+Good Story (HK's is decent, DF wins here)+Good Character (tie)+Good Music (tie)+Decent combat system (on very hard things can get frustrating from time to time, especially early-mid game hit rate)+++And most importantly, choices and consequences-Bugs, none of them gamebreaking, but annoying nonetheless-Unsatisfactory ending-primitive combat systemIt's a story game with a tactic based gameplay, not the other way around, remember that. Encounters never require good decisions and such. Game is not very pushy on the combat side."
,Recommended,300550,33463230,Posted: 11 July,all,Hiro Protagonist,"I had never played Shadowrun before I got this game, but I found it easy to get sucked into the world. The story feels short, but very polished. I liked the ability to influence the outcome based upon my choice during the game (like Fallout 1 and 2). I would recommend if on sale."
,Recommended,300550,33196404,Posted: 3 July,all,Wolfhunt3r,"I don't want to say too much about the plot, but it is deep and character rich.Liked every second of this game, I found it to be much (100%) better than ShadowRun Returns (the first game). This is a bit more balanced and polished. It has had some overhaul on some functions (although some functions I still miss, like better inventory handling) and it's a suspense to play.The best thing about it is that the decision which you make all affects the plotline. Many decisions are HARD decisions where your morality and ethics (or the morality and ethics of the character you choose to play) are truly tested.An absolutely enjoyable cyberpunk-moment.8/10.Next playthrough I will be a decker, this time I was a street samurai."
,Recommended,300550,33933988,Posted: 31 July,all,jknightd,"Really liked the Director's Cut of this game, especially the character specific missions which were not only unique, but resulted in upgrades for the team that you couldn't get otherwise. Wish there had been one for Dietrich as well, but he kinda got his as part of a story mission.In any case, the character development was fun to see as the story progressed and could only have been better if there were more side missions, and possibly more branching paths for factions you work with or choose not to.Still, for what it was, I really enjoyed the game."
76561198030510889,Recommended,300550,20198712,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[LINUX] Seven,its a blast!!!
76561198052722832,Recommended,300550,25778040,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Contage,"Excellent Tactical RPG with a truly expansive and realized karma system. If you want every single one of your actions/ speech choices to have an effect all the way to the very end of the story, this is your game.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,300550,20225044,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,godrik,"I am a long time player of tabletop RPGs and tactical RPGs and I must say that I loved this game. I just finished the game for the first time in Hard difficulty and I plan on playing it again in the highest difficulty next. The game is the second in a serie of (currently 3) but I feel like the stories are disconnected so you probably can play them in any order.The story is great and well set in the shadowrun universe. Characters are well written with a deeper and often darker aspect to discover. The storyline is not too complex to follow but complex enough to enjoy.The battles in the game know how to be stressful. Many of the ""fights"" are very well scripted with multiple actions to take in sequence that increase pressure on you. For instance there is a battle where you need to press two switching in two rooms in the real world while your decker has to open the way for you from the matrix. The game knows how to keep you on edge.Graphics are nothing too fancy but perfectly integrated in the style of the game. Though I played on a not so good for gaming laptop and had to set graphics setting low.The main issues I had with this game are linked to the UI. It can be very frustrating at times. Here are a few things I found annoying in the interface. I'll detail that because I hope the developpers will read this and do what they can in future versions. I give a fairly long list but that is mostly to the developpers benefit. The game is good !-The combat rules are somewhat kept unknown. It is not clear to me what each statistic is doing or what some of the acronym stand for. A particular instance: Some weapon have a Ar-P statistic which I guess stands for Armor Piercing. When using it some of the armor points of the enemy unit blinks but seem to come back in the same round. I guess Armor Piercing is different from Armor Striping but making it clear would be nice. In the current form Armor seems to be a typical DR (damage reduction) and it is not clear to me that there is a real difference in practice between +3 Ar-P and +3 DMG.-the UI can be very hard to read for me. Maybe it is becuase I am color blind but the overlays in same tone can be quite hard to read. In particular, the techniques icon in the matrix often features white writing on white background and the cooldown of a not yet used technique can be hard to read.-the HP of an enemy can be very hard to read because its health bar is essentially hovering over the units head but whatever is behind that unit can make it hard to read. Even pointing to the unit does not really help: more information appear in  box that is transparent and depending on what is behind the text might be very hard to read. It could be fixed by giving a setting for the opacity of these infobox.-It is sometimes hard to understand what an action will do some actions might require you to move first but the ""trajectory line"" is small so you might not realize your character will have to move to accomplish this action. In comparison in FireEmblem, a (too) heavy line will show you the path your character will take.-Some attacks can damage neighbooring  unit (shotguns, miniguns, glory's closecombat), it would be good if the units potentially in the line of fire could be indicated. especially the shotgun widespread shot can be fairly hard to predict.-It can be very hard to point to some tiles in the game. Trying to move 4 characters on a 2x2 area is very difficult because you keep on pointing to one of the character.-When healing outside of combat, I find it annoying that I can not see who has inventory and who needs healing. A simple tweak would be to display a ""currentHP""/""maxHP"" information next to the character's name in the ""who to heal"" dialog.-In terms of gameplay, some things were annoying as well. You can not give an ally an item once the mission has started. I ended up in ridiculous situations where the leaders inventory was full but Glory's inventory was empty and when finding an item I had to send it to the stash.-It would be good if some action (reload in particular) could span between two rounds. Often with the apex' drone shooting costs 2AP and reloading costs 2AP but the drone only has 3 AP. I'd like to be able to fire, start reloading and pay -1AP next round to complete reloading."
,Recommended,300550,12239910,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Scoops,Good game. Play this if you like RPGs and/or turn based combat games.
,Recommended,300550,21568189,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Pepethor,"Take XCOM, remove the base building and add a meaty story and long, well written dialogues and text. Change the setting from alien invasion to Cyberpunk, Bladerunner style visuals and you have yourself Shadowrun: Dragonfall.I didn't play any other Shadowrun games before but I didn't feel like stanger at all.+ Good visuals.+ Good music.+ Very good story and writing, rare these days.+ Good combat mechanics.+ Overall good RPG experiance.- No voice acting. Not a bad thing imo.- Lots of reading, again it's actually a good thing but not everyone will like it.Get it if you like old Fallout, XCOM and other such turnbased RPGs."
,Recommended,300550,22298357,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,cockdelawoody,"Only played the very first two missions so far, but till now it's been a fun game.Controls are sometimes a bit clunky but lore, dialogue, plot and attention to detailare so far on point and fun.5/7 perfect score"
,Recommended,300550,34735786,Posted: 4 September,all,Punkrot,"Gawd, it's so good…Epic story. Great SRPG gameplay. Beautiful and immersive atmosphere.TL;DR: Buy this game. Play the ♥♥♥♥ out of it. And never make a deal with a dragon.Now for the more detailed version…FOR SR FANSIf you played Hong Kong or Returns, but are wondering if this game is ""as good"" as your favorite of those—it's time to ante up, Chummer. This game, in my opinion, delivers the best of both of those with heaps of awesome to spare. But more importantly—what are you doing reading reviews when you could be embarking on a new SR adventure?! Jeez, stop delaying the inevitable and take the plunge already. You won't regret it.NEW TO SHADOWRUN?On the other hand, if you've never played a Shadowrun game and are wondering which to start with—in my opinion, you're looking at it. After playing Dragonfall, I immediately played Hong Kong, and then Returns. And then immediately REPLAYED Dragonfall, because it's just that damned good.STORYI personally found the balance between dialog and action to be perfect in Dragonfall. The storyline is righteous, the characters are unique and intriguing, and your decisions during the course of the game have pretty intense consequences—but never in a way that leaves you feeling ""robbed"" from a gameplay standpoint. I also found that the choices presented are pretty interesting, and really allow you to define what kind of ""runner"" (character) you want to be. I also love the way the game makes you feel like you're part of a precarious, anarchist neighborhood in a futuristic, cyberpunk Berlin. On top of that, your team of runners has a wonderful familial aspect, so when you come back from a ""run"" (mission), there's a real sense of ""returning home"" to safety—a feeling that becomes very important in the game in various ways.GAMEPLAYIn terms of gameplay, if you like Strategy RPGs, you're in for a treat. Great tactical system with a lot of dynamics, and a tight, immersive feel. The system forces you to use the terrain (cover) to your advantage, and due to the differing abilities of the characters, generally requires your team to work together to survive. There's a difficulty setting that you can select when you start your file, so there's something here for total n00bs and SRPG veterans alike. All in all, you're looking at a very sophisticated turn-based combat system which manages to be innovative without abandoning the classic aspects of SRPG gameplay that make the genre so much fun.Additionally, every mission provides opportunities to utilize your team's noncombat skills to alter the situation, avoid trouble, or cause mayhem as your abilities and inclinations dictate. And most situations offer more than one solution, so you can really ""role play"" your way through a good deal of the game's hurdles, which is a lot of fun. Since there's no dropped loot, and leveling up happens based on your progress through the story (i.e. number of missions completed), fast-talking your way passed security works just as well—if not better—than hammering through them. How cool is that?!IN COMPARISON TO OTHER SR TITLESBy comparison I found Hong Kong to be way too much talk, and often for no reason. I also didn't care for the characters as much, and had no sense of attachment to my ""home turf"" the way I did in Dragonfall. The music in Hong Kong is fantastic, though (more traditional Chinese instruments, less electronica). That was the only one-up I found in its roster, but some people feel the opposite, so YMMV. In my mind, though, Dragonfall is the very best, and would certainly go on my list of best SRPGs—and best games in general. It's really that good.As for Returns, it's solid too, but definitely not as deep or as polished as DF and HK. The action to dialog ratio throws its weight behind the former factor, and it's a short, fun predecessor to Dragonfall that's worth a playthrough after diving in here first.CONCLUSIONThis is a well told story placed in a highly developed steampunk setting, paired with a sophisticated tactical SRPG combat system—in short, a recipe that that will keep you riveted from start to finish. Hell, you might even replay it—I sure did."
,Recommended,300550,12159324,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Detective Ken,"I put 30 hours into the original Dragonfall alone. I would be more than willing to play it all again with the improvements promised.Also because I spent a lot of time talking to my crew and I would love to play through a mission concerning Glory's past.Glory's my favourite.Anyway, Dragonfalls great. It's got a proper save system, unlike the original Dead Man's Switch campaign. Originally you could only upgrade your own character; it seems to be different this time and judging from what information was put out there, you won't be able to steer a mage off into a life as a hacker. It wouldn't be worth it anyway. TRUST ME. One job is enough. I also made some major decisions on the last stretch of the game fully prepared to get screwed over at the end, but the game actually rewarded me for taking those chances and I was pretty satisfied with the ending I got, so I encourage you to go nuts.The User Generated campaigns are pretty stellar too, from what I've played since finishing Dragonfall, and I look forward to seeing what people do with the new system, if allowed. I myself plan on making a custom campaign at some point too.So, it's turn based, cyberpunk, has a decent community focus, and there's dragons in it. What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,300550,12227677,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TThor,"A thing about this game that I noticed from the very start, this game takes very heavily after the the tabletop RPG it is based on. So if you enjoy the tabletop RPG, i would imagine you would love this game; If you hate Shadowrun or tabletop RPGs in general, you might not like this game.the combat feels very similar to Xcom, as you control a team of generally 4 characters, each with their own particular skills and abilities, and all the characters have a limited number of action points they use to perform actions. although honestly I think I find Shadowrun's combat a bit more satisfying than Xcom, both do to an increased level of variety of skills and customization, and because of the roleplaying elements inherint in the gameplay.I get the feeling this won't be a game for everyone. If you need the shiniest graphics, or lack the patience to read pages of text (there is a lot of talking and exposition in this game and no voiceacting), or you simply don't care about story and just want to get into combat, then you might want to skip this game. But if you don't mind that, and are a fan of story based RPGs, then you will probably enjoy it.One bonus to the poor graphics and lack of voice acting, I'm willing to bet that means mods are a lot easier to seamlessly make into the game, and I look forward to the mods and campaigns that the community createsOverall, 8.5/10. If you enjoy RPGs or tabletop RPGs you will likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,300550,12145332,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Narrow Century,"I cannot recommend this game enough. the core game off Shadowrun Returns was passable, but a little bland and rigid. However, Dragonfall had some of the best writing and setting design I've seen in an RPG, with highly compelling characters, a richly textured world, and an excellent design philosophy for including choice, control, and making your character build matter beyond the speed with which you mow down enemies.From a game design perspective, the director's cut has done even better. The interface is much more fluid and informative now, and the tweaks to the mechanics and the feedback the game gives you about those mechanics makes it just FEEL better. it's othing groundbreaking, but it's well suited to the old-school rpg design the game was built to evoke. Heartily recommended."
76561198039243410,Recommended,300550,12151032,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Raislin,Hey guys Shadowrun is one of the greatest RPG's out there. The story telling is really innovative and engrossing. The turn based combat is really slick and rewarding. If you played the original on the SNES or the Sega version and enjoyed it you will not be disappointed as it builds on these great titles. If you like RPG's and Cyber Punk this game is for you go buy it!
,Recommended,300550,12230604,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Flapjack,"Dragonfall - Director's Cut is a great game overall, and it pains me to have to admit that I suffered through a lot of buggy mechanics and a poorly optimized engine to complete it. Now a disclaimer here: I was playing in OSX on a laptop, so the three minute loading times and stuttering are probably not as likely in windows, but they were there for me.Now what is it that makes this game good you ask? Well for one the writing takes the cake, and there are a lot of interesting characters with history to explore and many of them aren't completely static in terms of character developement. You get to know them and directors cut added a few missions which completely sates your desire for closure.As you learn about the plot and setting the game leaves you wanting to know more, and there are a lot of places to read between the lines for the story. It plays out a lot like a book,  and you'll find your self reloading your game to explore different conversation options just to learn what might happen if...As far as gameplay mechanics go it was a lot of fun, not too difficult but still offered a bit of variety. But it's not all roses, there was a pretty bad experience I had where I was pursuing my dream of being a rigger/summoner hybrid, which turned out to be a complete waste as you can't summon spirits when you have a drone. Big downer, as some combinations of skills are arbitrarily useless together. This is probably the biggest flaw of all, and was a bit turn off for me. In addition to this there are character builds where you can have up to 15 strength with trolls and whatnot. Well I'm sorry, but you are never going to get your strength that high because there just isn't enough karma that the game provides to justify it, and that was another disappointment. Throwing weapons are useless only because there are only two (yes, only two) throwing weapons in the game which is not at all apparent or even reasonable considering how many types of other weapons there are- Which also foiled my plan of having a character who only had strength and throwing weapons like a badass ninja.Did I mention the game is glitchy? Bugs with enemies not moving or attacking at all, the screen staying black after talking to shopkeepers, sluggish performance in OSX, lack of control options for key rebinding, three minute loading times, often clicking on things or loading menues took on average 5-10 seconds to perform... It didn't stop me from completing the game, but it'll probably stop me from replaying it. A sad thing to have to admit, as I really wanted to explore the mechanics more.All things considered, I would still recommend this game. Good stories seem dead in the water in many mainstream titles, and you would do your self well to play through this at least once so long as you can digest some text and get lost in the world. The variety of endings really ticked my fancy, and there is plenty of good stuff to keep you interested in playing this title all the way through. At the price point of 15$ it really is a great deal for something that'll kick your imagination in to gear and deliver a satisfying story that you aren't likely to forget."
76561197992779873,Recommended,300550,12238107,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Enclave50,"So as of this moment I have not gotten very far in Dragonfall, but I have beaten the original campaign ""Shadowrun Returns"" and had only just barely started the DLC Dragonfall before this director's cut was released. But the improvements for this standalone release make it by and large, far better then Returns. One is that you feel more connected with your team-mates and they level up as you do with a branching skill tree depending on how you want them to develop. And unlike Returns, I can actually remember my team-mates names. The hub mission system is also far funner to do then the straight line that Returns makes you run through. Not that you shouldn't play Shadowrun Returns if you've never played a game like this, it's a great introduction and makes understanding the mechanics for this game far easier. And they finally made your skills important for the game if you want to get into certain areas or not do too much combat. And the atmosphere is amazing as well, they really nailed the feeling of the Shadowrun universe.I also have to really put a little spotlight on the developer for upgrading everyone who got the DLC to also get the standalone game. It really want to support the company in their future releases if this is how they treat their customers. But seriously, this game is what I remember old expansion packs being, an entire second campaign with tons of new content to enjoy!"
76561198009688735,Recommended,300550,12239627,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,azarash,"the game start off slow, but quickly ramps up the action and entertainment value, as a newcomer to the world of shadowrun, I was pleasently surprised by the rich setting, memorable characters, and fresh ideas for missions. the art style give omage to the 2D era, but can at times feel like a flash game. the dialogs are full of interesting personalities, and things to explore.the movement can be at times unresponsive, but apart from this I have no other major complains about this game"
76561198037059114,Recommended,300550,12148083,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Imperfect Gentleman,"Everything that made Dragonfall good and more! I can't think of a single negative thing to say about this. The new interface is slick, the framerate is improved, the animations are better, there's new missions and weapons...Well worth your time and money, null sheen."
,Not Recommended,300550,20832953,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,[YAC] Thunderstorm,"I would give this game a neutral rating, if there was one. I love the writing, the soundtrack is a perfect match, the skill system has great potential, and the below average graphics are offset by some cute drawings. What killed the game for me was the combat system. I find it so annoying, I just could not bring myself to continue playing despite the captivating story. As such I do not recommend it.I don't know if it's their adaptation of this classic combat concept, or if guns and turn based doesn't work in general. It's cool on a statistical scale, but on the individual level it is random to a point where strategy feels pointless.Hit chances are comparitively low, you can easily miss someone standing right in front of you. Crit chances are extremely high and the difference is significant. There is a cover modifier, which doesn't have much to do with reality or common sense, probably due to simple technical limitations. It turns low hit chances into a waste of ammo across a room with a chair and a plant in the way. That is a problem, because ammo is at a premium. The sniper brings five rounds. Turns being split into two huge timeslices again defy common sense, and create an interesting strategical scenario, which has nothing whatsoever to do with the physics of this universe.The same strategy can turn out a walk in the park or utter defeat. Trying to kill the not-meant-to-be-killed Orc at the beginning a few times proved that nicely. Maybe it's intentional and part of the atmosphere, but the result feels random and artificial, and could be a lot of fun after a lobotomy.It's too bad, because the story really is a lot of fun, except for the ridiculous zero to hero approach, which seems to become more and more popular these days. Puberty probably helps digging that."
,Recommended,300550,15673699,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,savaze,"This is is great return to the PC world for the SR universe. The main campaign is on rails, but the story is still fun and worthwhile. I recommend Dragonfall over this SR:R due to the imrpovement in AI, interface, and a better story (that feels less on rails due to all the RO opportunities, but has more fetch quests). SR:R/Dragonfall was made primarily with touch screens in mind and so it plays a little clunky on the PC. Sometimes you'll run into problems with trying to get your character in a certain position to only have the game think you clicked the next spot over - not a major issue but an annoying one. The mod support is great and increases the games longevity. The mods even allow you to keep playing your same character through community mods or through the campaign again. Originally Dragonfall was DLC for this engine, but has since released in it's own engine. I recommend buying both games, and then placing SR:R module in the dragonfall engine for a better experience. SR:R has more mods than Dragonfall so you might just want to copy Dragonfall's module into the other engine to utilize more mod's."
76561197970409987,Recommended,300550,13900805,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Axeface,"Really well written.The story and characters are great, and the world of Shadowrun is awesome. Getting so engrossed in this story was very refreshing for me as I find 99% of games these days to be mindnumbing and boring.The story and writing are the games redeeming features, the combat while relatively satisying at times isn't top notch, and the rpg/character progression is pretty limiting and simplistic.Overall - Don't mind a LOT of reading? Like a well written story? Great characters? Get it.8/10"
76561198026265372,Recommended,300550,15808877,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Diskatis Invictus,"This review is divided forpeople who have never played a game in the shadowrun seriesandpeople who have played shadowrun: return.I have also added a short conclusion regarding the keywords in the bottom of the review.People who have never played a game in the shadowrun seriesIn order to know if you should buy this game I will provide a bullet list with keywords that explain the kind of game this is:- estimated 24 hours gameplay (doing all side quests, reading conversations and main story)- The game is focused on reading- Choices matter ALOT- Achievement system (in my opinion it can improve alot, but its there)- Story rich- You don't need to have completed the shadowrun: return in order to play this (different story)- Tactical gameplay and it is solid (XCOM and final fantasy: tactics style)- Skillsystem is solid (but can improve ALOT)- addictive because you want to uncover more and more of the story.People who have played Shadowrun: returnIf you are thinking of buying this game when you have completed the return saga take these keywords in consideration:- This game is story rich again (even though I enjoyed the ending in Shadowrun: return more)- Gameplay has been improved (better interface while fighting)- The content in this version is alot more since I put in alot more hours (estimated 12 hours more) in this game- Its the same Shadowrun formula- skilltree the sameConclusionIf you never played the Shadowrun saga and liked the keywords earlier: BUY IT. The game is highly addictive and the story is broad. The producers of this game put their heart and soul into this game and it is visible. If you are doubting about buying the ""other shadowrun game"" because of the quality and content: BUY IT. You will 100% enjoy this version if you did the last (and maybe more... I did)."
,Recommended,300550,13489515,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GraphicX,"7/10, really nice improvement over the first with a far more engaging storyline.  multiple choices throughout which heavily affect the direction your game takes.  possibly the second best turn based game out this year."
,Recommended,300550,13649704,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sethisto,"Awesome game. Best 6 bucks I ever spent.  Having never experienced the Shadowrun universe, or even much Cyberpunk in general, I was pretty much completely absorbed into the world.  The characters were interesting with some of the craziest side missions out there. Definitly one to check out"
,Recommended,300550,13652182,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shammy,"Leaps and bounds ahead of Dead Man's Switch in every way: combat, storytelling, companions, and even role playing elements have all been improved and refined to create a true Shadowrun experience. Offers a healthy amount of choice based on how you create and play your character as well, definitely a solid experience for any isometric rpg fans."
,Recommended,300550,13654362,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aliandris,"I first played through this when it was a DLC, and I loved it then.  I loved it to death.  When I finished it, I sat back and thought to myself that this Dragonfall DLC was amazing, couldn't be better.Well past me was a naive fool.Dragonfall - Director's Cut takes everything great about the original and then makes it even better.  More story, more stuff, smoother combat.  They took a great product and polished it until it glowed like the Saar-Lorraine-Luxembourg Special Administrative Zone.I played through it twice, which brings my total runs at Dragonfall up to four.  This is, quite simply, a superb game."
76561198055880548,Recommended,300550,13680096,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zorblec,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great, if you like X-com, Tatical combat, Pen and paper RPG's, Cyberpunk. fantasy. or even just good stories this is a game you will probably like."
,Recommended,300550,13823107,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BigNewb,Campaign that came with it felt short.  Like half as long as expected.If you own the original game I would recommend playing downloaded campaigns from other players until you dry up that well.Afterwards maybe this will be on a really good sale or just plain cheaper.Would recommend buying the game at half off or cheaper.
,Recommended,300550,12286196,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Namey,"Absolutely amazing isometric RPG. While the original campaign in Shadowrun Returns was pretty mediocre, Dragonfall massively improves on it. The game mechanics are still the same, but the quality of writing has gone through the roof. Dragonfall has one of the best written RPG plots I've played in a while, with excellent characters, and more moral ambiguity than most games of the genre.If the game was slightly longer, I'd argue that this is scary close to the likes of original Fallouts, Baldur's Gates and Planescape Torment in quality. If you liked any of those game, I would highly recommend giving this one a try too."
,Recommended,300550,14391564,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,Frankly i always hate isometric & turn-based (or both) games. But until now..First session i played 6 hour non-stop. I can't say anything beside that.░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,300550,13643577,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mettil,"Better main story arc, better combat with the addition of the armor system, sniper rifles add new tactical options to combat, more side missions with the Director's Cut, interesting side missions and story arcs for the companion characters, and levels with multiple approaches.  One thing I really liked about this game was customizing a character to be both a smooth talker and firearms expert."
76561197970352902,Recommended,300550,12808435,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,P90RUL0R,"This game came to me as a total surprise and playing it was a truly remarkable experience. The second iteration “Dragonfall” is far better than the original “Shadowrun: Returns” and even old time classics like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale or KotOR pale in comparison to its astonishingly immersive story along with exceptionally good writing and quest design."
,Recommended,300550,34068088,Posted: 6 August,all,luckinrio,"Steam lacks of good turn-based tactis games. Shadowrun Dragonfall is the best of the genre... yet. Great story, really! Well desgined world and an immersive soundtrack. Great job, Harebrained. My next run will be to Hong Kong (;"
,Recommended,300550,25361974,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Brinkmøn,"I can't get enough of Shadowrun: Dragonfall because it offers the combination of two of my most played games. It has the turn-based action from Wasteland 2 and the (side)character development from Mass Effect 2 viz. you can engage with companions, get unique quests that are related to them and favor one above the other. The setting is quite attractively, reminds me a lot of Bladerunner and the Android universe. Still, the best adition to the game is probably the Steamworkshop, the original SNES game has been added and is fully playable which adds another 30+ hours to the game. Greatly recommended!"
,Recommended,300550,13456052,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SteveS27,An epic throw back to old school RPGs.A mix of cyberpunk themes with gameplay that seems a mixture of Baldur's Gate and Fallout 1 or 2.A great strategy rpg with interesting plot lines and it poses interesting moral questions at times.
,Recommended,300550,17633481,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Philipp,"Pretty good game, some levels are very long and tedious where 1-2 mistake could cause you to redo 10 mins of fighting. Satisfying ending and good story overall."
,Recommended,300550,21981005,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"Rise of the Feuerschwinge. PerfectIncredible and memorable, one of the best RPG in a long, long time. With a very complex history, mechanics, characters, development, an incredible world... The definitive cyberpunk experience. Shadowrun at its finest."
,Recommended,300550,21792802,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TrevimusPrime,"A massive improvement over Shadowrun Returns (which I thought was pretty damn good), Dragonfall expands and delivers a very good game.ProsFully fleshed out team of runners, each with their own stories, personalties and side questsWell written main story, and side storiesEasier than Shadowrun Returns (may or may not be a plus, dependent on player)Multiple ways of completing encountersYour team of runners are free to hire, no more wasting cash on hiringConsPerformance issuess (Turn off Steam Overlay, and you should be fine)Only 4 runners per mission (there are 4 members of your team, and you - so one must always be left behind)Hired runners are redundantEasier than Shadowrun Returns (may or may not be a plus, dependent on player)Would easily recommend this, so much so I now need to replay Shadowrun Returns, and then play Shadowrun Hong Kong"
76561198143746424,Recommended,300550,20416384,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,nishunia,"I invested hours into this game but was unable to finish it because of a glitch right at the very end! I was unable to reload or restart from an earlier checkpoint and a few other users have mentioned similar issues. Having had found no fix, I accepted my fate and just consider myself unlucky.'Shadowrun: Dragonfall' is entertaining and interesting; there were a few mature moments where the plot forced me to think about ethics and consequences. There were plenty of side missions, extra characters, and hours of class and decision dependent dialogue hidden in the game too. Unfortunately, it is, for this reason, I won't be restarting the game. I just don't have the time or incentive to re-create and re-experience the character I created. I will, however, take another close look at the artwork. The character and environment design is great!"
,Recommended,300550,24360361,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hobo Bolsón,"Amazing Cyberpunk AdventureIt have some serious flaws, but in the end the writting and the combat was very enjoyable.Unilke it predecesor the misions feels more open ended this time, and overall a lot better, your teammates not only are cool as ice, the are also compelling characters with their own thoughs. The story never stops to leaving you on your sit, and the combat feels great.I struggle a little with the interface and the blandness (although good looking) of the envirioment, but in the end this left me with a good flavor in my mouth."
,Recommended,300550,14497884,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,☿,"You notice what seems like drafts of a love letter to Glory, but the writing is unintelligible.You dig further through the notes and find what seems like a video game review.Shadowrun Returns threw us in a noir flick that progressively went over our head and while it featured a small cast of interesting characters, interactions were pretty limited.Shadowrun: Dragonfall introduced a more epic plot, a large hub area filled with NPCs, and a permanent crew with their own motives and personalities, making it a fascinating bonding experience.The Director's Cut further improved upon the original by adding side-missions for every crew member that further influence their character development and unique perks to specialize them in combat.Gameplay-wise, the combat system has once again been improved, it is still very much influenced by XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and makes it clear with the new UI tweaks, cover and flanking mechanics, and the revamped armor system seems to have had a significant impact on the usefuleness of magic, which previously felt a bit underwhelming.There are also new options that have been added when it comes to emergent gameplay, which is a thing I always welcome with open arms in CRPGs.Overall, if you've never played Shadowrun Returns, or only Dead Man's Switch, I would say this is the best entry in the franchise, and if you have already played the original Dragonfall campaign, the Director's Cut is still worth replaying for all the added content, some of it tying up loose ends left in the original DLC."
76561198034706163,Recommended,300550,12589501,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,MonkeyThumbs,Fun as hell if you're into is sort of thing.
,Recommended,300550,19493168,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sturmkrähe,"Ah hallo meine Freunde, grab your 50 nuyen worth of Turkish coffee and get prepared to be sucked into the anarchist Berlin.The Dragonfall is simply an amazing RPG. I honestly think it has the best story in a RPG that came out in recent years.The gameplay is better than the Shadowrun Returns, there are much more things available like the armor bar and the combat AI is better than the first game too. I have no complains about the combat. It's satisfying.The characters are very interesting and likeable. I was surprised how much I got involved with them at the end and I wanted to play more and more just to see what happens to them in the future. They have good and solid backstories and personal traits that make them unique. They all have a certain quest that progresses their own stories. I recommend playing them all. Actually one of them (Glory's) was my favorite mission.The ending and the many twists and the mystery in the plot just grabs you and doesnt let you go until you finish the game. And then it continues to haunt you.Just get this and prepare for one of the best RPG experience of the last years. It is a shinning beacon among the shallow ""action"" RPGs and ""when you press a button something awesome has to happen"" crowd. But I would advise you to play the Shadowrun Returs first because this one is a massive improvement and if you play that later you will feel downgraded.11/10 would run the shadows againLong Live Berlin Flux StateDante best companion"
76561198040686647,Recommended,300550,33092434,Posted: 1 July,all,Corvus,"One of the most well written stories in a game I have played. Includes an actual understanding of diverse anarchist (and other) political themes, well-formed and believable characters, and a really exciting plot full of twists and turns. The gameplay is really fun as well and definitely allows for the ability to replay with different stats and choices changing options and storyline. I enjoyed the first in the series even though it wasn't perfect, but this one is fantastic. I wish the endings were better and that Berlin wasn't represented as almost entirely white (they did a good job in other SR games showing multiracial future worlds, not sure what happened in Dragonfall but it interrupted immersion for me on occasion) but the rest of the game was so good that I was able to enjoy it. I suppose the endings fit in with the general dismal dystopian view of these stories. The game is rigged..."
,Recommended,300550,14540197,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,fleur,"Unlike in Shadowrun Returns, you actually play as a shadowrunner that goes on runs. Not only that, but there's actual characters with arcs, choices, and a plot that's more than 'a bad guy wants to do bad stuff because he's evil, go stop him.' Likewise, the setting and its unique aspects are actually interwoven and integral to the characters, events and choices in the game, rather than serving as a convenient backdrop for a bog-standard save-the-world story populated by stock characters and stereotypes, as in its predecessor.The combat has a lot more depth, too. There's a point to flanking now, and non-offensive abilties now serve a bigger role what with the revamped mechanics. Coming from someone who thought that Shadowrun Returns was absolute rubbish, I thought Dragonfall was one of the best RPGs of 2014."
,Recommended,300550,17887069,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gunseng,Even better story than Shadowrun Returns.
,Recommended,300550,13174579,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Key,Best story rpg I've ever played in a vidyagame.
76561198055809671,Recommended,300550,22663487,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ukxploder,"Amazing story, with great characters, set in a beatifully complex world. If you don't mind a lot of reading, you'll probably have a blast like I did."
76561197969232287,Recommended,300550,12177573,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Paladin,Nice game. Worth the money.
,Recommended,300550,20561916,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Toni,"Pros:Captivating StoryCompanions have their own stories with side questsChoices that actually matterGood variety of weapons, spells and equipmentGreat design and attention to detailPretty good length (24 hours for my playthrough)Great SoundtrackCons:A little lacking on the melee weapon frontDetails often get lost since you will be scrolled way out for a better tactical viewPayoff at the end was a little a little lacking but was still fitting"
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,300550,21764148,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"I sort of like this game, it's a text based RPG, the story and characters are very good.I like the art style.Though Iam a prolific bookworm and love reading, I play a game to play a game, not read a novel. It would of been nice if there was voice overs especially at night when your eyes are feeling tired and you don't feel like reading.Sometimes gameplay can be annoying, even at 99% hit chance you will miss. I only kept playing as I like the story.I dislike there is no option to respec. I first had a shaman elf, did not like it much too much of a support character. So then went with a troll street samurai which was much better to play.This game I feel could be better. 5/10 ok but nothing amazing, it feels like an indie game, it's lacking a certain something. Gameplay is rather tedious and meh. The turn based system is so rng, even on easy it can feel overwhelming.Once I got to Apex and destroyed it, I experienced a game breaking bug of not being able to move, though I could hear the music still playing and reloading the last autosave just results in a black screen and for some reason my quick save is no longer there.My only option is to restart this rather lengthy mission from the begining and how do I know if the same bug wont happen again?Can't reccomend because of this game breaking bug which despite it happening to a lot of people never gets fixed. After experiencing this horrible bug, Iam not going to play another ShadowRun game."
,Recommended,300550,13683895,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Qviss,"Okay, where should I start? Right. Dragonfall is a tactical rpg with different difficulty levels. Combat is relatively easy when approached with some common sense at least up to hard difficulty and you can't customize much outside your main character.What made me like this game? It's very descriptive with its dialogue. Normal conversations between characters are expressed with narrations and loading screens are used for expressing the situation further. Your party members each have a character arc that is rather intriguing, however, they don't last the whole game.Shadowruns setting is interesting to me since it's cyberbunk meeting fantasy. Elves, dwarves, orcs and trolls running around using magic within futuristic Berlin alongside hackers and gunslingers. You can be something among these running around Kreuzbasar, one of the safe havens for unsavory types.Kreuzbasar has certain charm to it. It's a slum full of different people whose dialogue is refreshed after each mission. It's used as a base of operations for our protagonist. I could delve more into characters but I think I'll leave that for you to find out.Who should I recommend this to? Well, people that like to immerse themselves into the settings and people that like western role-playing games in general, like Baldur's Gate."
76561197977064544,Recommended,300550,13685374,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zeyz,"A great standalone update to an already great DLC.  The new gear options, combat mechanics, and storlyine elements are great!"
76561197984450477,Recommended,300550,13687011,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Erlioth,"If the game says you have a 99% chance to hit, you have about a 10% chance to missIf it says 75% it really means you'll miss 3 out of 4 timesIf it says 54% youll miss 90% of the timeJust like the pen and paper versionMy all strength and body goon settled more things through conversation than my intelligent face gun nut didJust like the pnp versionAn enemy threw a grenade at me poorly and killed 3 of her buddiesJust like the ..."
,Recommended,300550,13540860,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,chainlinkspiral,"One of the best games of the year. Terrific writing, wonderful characters, a mature and thoughtful narrative. They make cyberpunk magickal. I'm still revisiting the Director's Cut, but it makes a quality game, even better."
,Recommended,300550,13444758,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,venice (b ^_^)b,"play as a shaman, it's weird and confusing and also excellent"
,Recommended,300550,13889016,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hok,"What a great return to the Shadowrun universe. The previous game, Shadowrun Returns, didn't really pull me in as much as I was hoping it would. However, Dragonfall exceeds expectation, with a great story, interesting characters, and cool decisions to make. The only thing I can think of improving the the combat system, which is still as shallow as the pevious entry, but manages enough depth to remain fun throughout the game. If you're a fan of similar isometric RPGs, you owe it to yourself to play through this indie gem."
76561197987448766,Recommended,300550,12243521,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Joar-boy,The exansion now as standalone and with more features! If you like RPG:s you should definitely try this one!
76561198043250113,Recommended,300550,12371809,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,John Doe,If you liked shadowrun returns you will love this game even more.
76561197994745520,Recommended,300550,12341374,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Traqkha,Great game! The old school Shadowrun roleplay pen and paper spirit.
76561198094588839,Recommended,300550,12650219,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Beefy Heat,"Seriously badazz Shadowrun RPG.  Much closer to a Shadowrun experience than the original Returns was (imho). Tech, magic, elves, dragons, and mysteries? Yes thank you.The colorful stylized art might throw you off at first, but that concern melts away once you start digging into the story. Speaking of, that is Dragonfall's strong suit. Very cool and engaging. Honestly suprised by the depth of all the missions.Certainly has me interested in what the workshop community may come up with as well as put my eyes on Shadowrun Online that is on its way.So grab a cup of soykaf and jack in chummer. This one is worth a play."
,Recommended,300550,12302177,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,chaos dunk theory,"Dragonfall Director's Cut is an interesting game.  It's based in Shadowrun, a fantasy-cyberpunk setting that's pretty neat.  All of the usual players are here: dragons (a main component of this campaign), trolls, orcs, elves from the fantasy side; from the cyberpunk side you get stuff like artificial augmented limbs, The Matrix cyberspace, guns, swords, designer drugs that affect combat, and a lot more.GAMEPLAY:It plays as a turn-based tactical game, bearing some resemblance to the newest XCOM.  Actions are based on AP and there are various ways to alter that number, both for your characters and the enemies.  Several attacks have -AP and often stun enemies for a turn, giving a bit of breathing room.  There are also multiple ways to increase AP and give yourself more actions per turn and this adds variety and even more strategy on top.  The cover system adds complexity as well, as there's a risk-reward choice inherent in there:  do you stay safely behind cover and suffer reduced hit chance and the possibility that your shot will only hit for half damage?  Or do you rush around to flank, possibly leaving yourself exposed but at a better advantage with an opportunity to maybe kill that enemy this turn?  I enjoyed the style of gameplay a lot from this perspective.The flip side of the hit % chance model is that it's all based on dicerolls, and the way the stats work out can lead to some funky scenarios.  For example, my shotgun specialist character is standing at point-blank range with another enemy and I only have a 65% chance to hit?  I played on Hard, because I found the vanilla Shadowrun Returns a little too easy, so that might have something to do with it, but it's still frustrating and a little weird that scenarios like that happen.The gameplay gets an upgrade from vainilla Returns as well.  Several new kinds of weapons are introduced, including Eiger's sniper rifle -- a weapon that increases accuracy the further you get from a target, instead of closer, and Glory's hand razors that can cause bleeding per round and AP damage.  Weapon, spell and program selection is also a little easier this time around, as the HUD has been redesigned to show more information more easily.The most striking difference between them, I think, is the fact that this time you get a more static party, and you can do more with them.  This was definitely a complaint I had about regular Returns, in that for every mission you were hiring mercs to go with you, and you had no way to influence their loadout or progression.  In fact, you couldn't even use team members to pass skill checks, which seemed arbitrarily limiting and frustrating.  Not so in Dragonfall!  Here, if you hit a Decking skill check, for example, you just call over your Decker and he passes it -- assuming his skill is high enough.There are still some character-specific checks you need to pass, like some charisma or etiquette checks, but they're a little more reasonable in terms of general skills you can invest in to be able to still build the character you want to play.The only major complaint I have is being unable to manage your companions' inventory outside of combat, or have them pick things up when they have free space.  Just because my main character doesn't have more inventory space doesn't mean that I should have to leave health kits or grenades... but that's exactly what happened when I found some outside of combat.  Inside combat, you can just control them directly and have them pick things up, but outside there's no way to take control of anyone but your PC.  This could even be addressed by being able to start combat at any time to gain control of your characters, and then when you're done just hit End.  Again, it seems unnecessary and a little arbitrary to limit items like this.There's also some companion customization in terms of items and abilities, which is new this time around; every time they level up there's a new icon in the bottom right that lets you pick one of two options that increases one of their specialties.  With Glory, for example, you can pick between better healing or a new pistol.  It's nice to tailor them a little more to your playstyle without having to dive all the way into the level up screen and try to allocate points for five or six different characters.STORY:I'll be honest, after the regular Shadowrun campaign I wasn't expecting that much from the story this time around.  I had read that it was improved but the vanilla game left a lot to be desired, so really any improvement would be a welcome addition.  I was pleasantly surprised, though.  In terms of pacing, structure, and impact the writing in this game is miles above Shadowrun Returns.  Even the nitty-gritty mechanics of the writing have been improved, as a lot of the awkwardness of the prose in the first game has been done away with.  The characters are dynamic and a lot more fleshed-out, the moral choices and consequences seem a lot more difficult, and you find yourself not knowing who to trust or who is even telling you the truth.Your companions receive a similar boost and they're all unique.  They all have unique dialogue that relates to whatever mission you're on, and if they don't agree with something you're doing they'll let you know.  You can also talk to them at your home base to get a sense of their backstory, though you'll have to complete missions before they really open up about their pasts.  The conclusion to this is a companion quest, where you can't bring anyone else, and the two of these I played were superb, both in terms of mission structure and the quality of the writing.  Some loose ends were left dangling, though I'm not sure if I just missed another quest opportunity for one because I was at the end of the game.OVERVIEW:All in all, I really enjoyed my time with Dragonfall, even if Hard was maybe a little too frustrating for me.  The game definitely has some legs, as there's incentive to go back with a different character build and make different decisions.  There are multiple major branching points where the paths seem to diverge quite a lot, and I'd like to see what some of the others are like.  Different character builds offer more opportunities for passing skill checks as well, and bringing different companions will offer a new point of view on some of the events.I played Shadowrun Returns first, and I don't think I regret it, but it's not quite as polished an experience as Dragonfall, and some of the characters do cross over, plus there are some minor references to the original campaign, Dead Man's Switch, in here.  Mostly I'd recommend playing that one first just to see how far the team has come since then.  Dragonfall is definitely worth your time, though, and if you don't want to slog through the first one (or pay the money for it) this is a perfectly recommendable title in itself.If you like CRPGs based on pen-and-paper games, reading, and a really good story, you can't go wrong with Dragonfall."
,Recommended,300550,12256878,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,milspec,The Director's Cut of Dragonfall finally feels like Shadowrun to me.
76561197964216459,Recommended,300550,12320034,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,SnakAttack,Yessss
76561198013368738,Recommended,300550,12330712,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Maximus,"If you are a tabletop fan this game is for you. If you are a cyberpunk fan this game is for you. If you just like blowing up stuff and having crazy magic combined with a slightly distorted moral compass this game is for you. Overall this game is for you. I had a great time playing the game with all new features. The new UI is slick and the extra content is well worth the price. Keep up the good work HBS and lets see more DLCs drop. UGCs for this game are being copied from the original shadowrun and the content list will keep growing. Thanks for giving the fans what they want, make it easier for us to keep you guys in business."
76561197983383982,Recommended,300550,12481347,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Gtrplyr79,"I tried words to express how overjoyed I am to see the Shadowrun franchise back in action and moving forward steadily with U(ser) G(enerated) C(ontent) support.  It didnt work.  All I have to offer in way of review for the new Shadowrun content on Steam is :-) :-) :-).  That's right, smiley faces.  SMILEY FACES TIMES TEN MILLION.  It's good to play a game that is turn based and seeping in the techno magic aspect genre that I love.  Shadowrun ""Dead Man's Switch"" was good.  Shadowrun ""Dragonfall"" was excellent, and receiving the Shadowrun ""Dragonfall Directors Cut"" for no additional cost through Steam is awesome!"
,Recommended,300550,12403235,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Solostran,"TL;DR - buy this game. Don't wait for sale, buy it now. It's worth paying full price. I would buy it again if I could. If you don't, big, angry dragon will hunt you and eat you. Seriously, you don't want to mess with dragons.Dragonfall so far is one of the best cRPGs released this year. It has everything you may want from such game: cool story, memorable characters (Glory is in my personal top ten of best characters in cRPGs ever), many ways to develop your character, interesting setting, more than one ending, big potential for replayability (counting original Dragonfall, I finished game three times). It's game that makes me care for characters I met. I wanted to know their stories and their stories and motivatopms are good, not usually mambo-jumbo most games are offering now.Are there any cons? I noticed few minor bugs, but nothing that ruined the game and experience (yes Wasteland 2, I'm looking at you now...). And it could be longer."
76561198064854475,Recommended,300550,13093907,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gyroscope,This is the definitive edition you should get. Now this is a genuinely good Shadowrun game. Unfortunately Dead Man's Switch is not included but most people won't like it unless they're really into cyberpunk.
76561198026875629,Recommended,300550,13115453,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Explosionmancer,"I've been a big fan of the Shadowrun franchise for quite some time.  When Returns first came out I was excited to try it but was underwhelmed by the gameplay's linearity.  It had a lot going for it as a cyberpunk RPG, but a lot of little details made it feel lacking.Then Dragonfall came along, like an answer to my consternation  of the last campaign.Now THIS is a Shadowrun game.  You start the game as part of a shadowrunner team, a mercenary black ops who work as deniable assets for the world's power players, infiltrating a German manor to steal some data.  It's supposed to be a simple ""get in and grab the goods"" mission, but things go south quickly.  After a disastrous run you and your team find yourself entangled in a conspiracy which can shake the very foundations of Berlin!Dragonfall is an open-ended game.  You can play a variety of character types, from a tech-savvy, computer-hacking Decker to a Physical Adept who uses chi to reinforce her martial arts skills.  Subtle infiltration is just as valid an opportunity as the run and gun method, although combat is inevitable in many missions.  Just about every mission has multiple options of conflict resolution which can effect the end result and potentially your post-run payday.One of the things I like most about Dragonfall is that you have a core team of 3 (potentially 4) runners who can accompany you on missions.  In Shadowrun Returns you couldn't always carry the party members you want to missions, and most of the time you were either stuck between spending your money on equipment and doing a run alone, or hiring shadowrunners to accompany you get getting stuck with sub-par equipment.  Gone is this concern in Dragonfall: while you can still hire mercenary runners, your core team does not have to be paid to go on runs, and all are competent in their fields leaving you with more financial freedom.Another strongpoint of Dragonfall is the setting.  The game's hub is in Berlin's Flux State, a walled neighborhood of anarchist rebels which is a haven from a world dominated by ruthless megacorps.  This is not without its flaws, for the unpredictable power structures leaves various gangs, criminal conspiracies, and other shadowy figures wanting a piece of the pie.  From the sterile halls of a pharmaceutical building to the grungy subways connecting Berlin, the environments are both interesting and versatile.And the icing on the cake is that the Director's Cut has a healthy assortment of new sidequests, items, and conversational details which expand upon an already-stellar game.If you're a fan of RPGs, enjoy cyberpunk settings, or just want to play a damn good game, then Shadowrun: Dragonfall is well worth the price."
,Recommended,300550,13248184,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,how do you blow a 25 point lead,"It's the mix between Mass Effect 2 and XCOM I never knew I wanted, but with cyberwizards and other cool stuff"
76561198097093129,Recommended,300550,12415759,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Zulgot,"Probably the best part of this game is the world - what is better than a troll with cyberarms, tearing you up with his summoned toxic-waste elemental?? :D This game is a real gem!"
,Recommended,300550,12252075,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Okta,"This review is written after 29 hours of playtime (""Dragonfall"" campaign, start to end).Short review:The campaign ""Dragonfall"" features (imho) one of the best storywriting in the industry. While playing, you will be able to roleplay your character starting by simply talking to others in different kind of ways up to deciding major plot points. Beware, you will need to read a lot of text, if you do not like that, you will prop. have a hard time. The tactic part is really solid and with the new additions of the ""Director's Cut"" pretty indepth. That said, it does not quite reach the depth of other games (XCOM), which is understandable regarding the budget. The graphic is very atmospheric, but the animations tend to be a bit stiff. Thanks to the editor, you will be able to play new stories made by other players. If you like to read and influence a good story (and/or If you like pen and paper rpgs) or if you enjoy classic RPGs like Baldurs Gate, do try the game. I would recommend reading abit about shadowrun beforehand, but you don't have to. If you want to play this game: Save often, try to imagine how your character would act and read the texts carefully."
76561197961038951,Recommended,300550,12269935,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hendrics,"Huge fan of the shadowrun series - Staring with the pen and paper to the SNES version to Returns, and now this, I want it to never end - and with steam workshop, it dosnt look like it will!"
76561198041629007,Recommended,300550,12271873,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Wizard19xx,"While I can say that the original shadow run kind of felt empty, this games non-linear story and well thought out and balanced combat mechanics make for a gripping and fun game with a story that makes you care what happens."
,Recommended,300550,12278865,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Radutron,"A great RPG! Great story, and great characters. The Director's Cut improves on the original. Not something to be missed!"
76561197970917991,Recommended,300550,12311621,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dethtongue,"Lots of fun playing this game. I've been a big fan of the cyberpunk genre since way back, and this game captures the essence and taste of it perfectly, and all in a package thats user friendly with a polished engine. The only thing missing from this game is a cameo from William Gibson."
76561197970576079,Recommended,300550,12396209,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,TheGuvner,"Incredibly satisfying, old-school turn-based RPG :PThe story and the world are incredible and I loved every minute of it!Well worth the price and will be playing others in the series now."
,Recommended,300550,12463165,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Telarius,"Shadowrun for the Genesis was by far one of my favorite RPG's of all time.  Shadowrun Returns was an amazing ""true to the original"" game, with the Director's Cut for Dragonfall offering many exciting improvements.  I highly recommend this game for Shadowrun afficionados!"
76561198009713169,Recommended,300550,12248641,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Taiyama,"Great story, amazing characters, wonderful setting.  Also, with the director's cut: Mass Effect-esque character missions. Tons of roleplaying and choices and dialogue. What more needs to be said?"
76561198031015622,Recommended,300550,12256031,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Uzbeck,"Okay I'm part way through Dragonfall.Here's my impressions:-I'm new to Shadowrun Returns but a long time player of Shadowrun in Paper and Pen format and a huge fan of Fallout 1&2 etc so this game is right down my grubby dysotopian future ally. I'm biased. Sue me.Okay this game isnt perfection. Compared to Fallout it's a little bit on rails and not quite so open world, or at least the Dragonfall campaign is. However there is a certain degree of choice over what run's you take on, how you complete them and lots of alternate endings and moral dilema's to take different options on.  There have been a few annoying glitches where a mission cant end if you've still got a enemy active (even behind locked doors) which meant doing over in a different way (however patches incoming). I would love to be able to name save games but you can save pretty much anytime and the 'restart level' and auto saves are good.The campaign is pretty awesome folks. I havent finished it yet...but some of the runs actualy had me on the edge of my seat. I mean for a turn based tac sim to have you watching the turn counter tick down, to have it come down to wire again and again...really got the feel of the game. Side runs to grab paydata or free innocents at the risk of the party, locked doors in the way as the bomb timer ticks down, real heart of shadowrun, your 'runners pounding the corridors of some Corp lair, the heavy responce team on your heels as you head for the extraction point.... .Decking is integrated well without forcing you into it massively...Magic seems fun. Combat works well. Blows Fallout III out of the water for me.If you like Shadowrun or Fallout I and II then buy this game."
76561198061494316,Recommended,300550,12262377,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,jester14206,The BEST tactical rpg I have ever played! It does pretty good up against classic rpgs too. I think if the game were longer than 20ish hours we could see some really good story but this isn't some multinational company producing this with hundreds of people working on it. It's made my fans for fans.
76561198045578809,Recommended,300550,12271288,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hi Please Die,"Its a good game but the hit percentage needs fixing. Iv had a 52% and missed 3 times before hitting and i know its a percentage but its a common thing also ill have a 45% hit percentage so ill move my character right behind the enemy and it will be something like i don't know 48-50% and yes miss 3-4 times.It a very good game the characters, character building, the ability's, the back story's and leveling up  is excellent I enjoyed its so much its doing my head in because of the battles that let it down. Hopefully the next patch will fix this till then ill just wait."
76561197987237048,Recommended,300550,12282081,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Fenrir,"It's back, and better than ever!New missions, new dialoge, new everything.Better UI, Upgraded visuals, new polish for an already great RPG.If you bought Dragonfall before than you already have this game, so why are you reading this and not playing?For those who haven't bought it yet now is the time to get it. People may not be comfortable with the isometric view, but the world and the characters will hook you in to the point that it won't matter. If you like RPGs than you want this game."
,Recommended,300550,12305013,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,sharien,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is the expansion to SR: Returns turnend standalone with a bunch of improvements.SR:R is a turn based tactical game set in the Shadowrun Universe (dystopian cyberpunk with elves, orks and magic mixed in).The combat sytem is functional but nothing to be too excited about. The story, character interaction and wonderfully written Dialogue is where the game in my opinion really shines.On top of that the game includes a complete toolkit for building your own Stories, so you can expand on the game as much as you want to.The Director's Cut improves some elements of the UI and either tweaked the armor+cover system or at least gave the player more information on how they work and if (and how much) enemies have either of them.It also changes/expands a few Missions and adds new ones into the main campaign.All in all great work and if you already have Dragonfall you automatically get the Director's Cut...now thats a sign of a great company.Rock on Harebrained =)"
76561198006259616,Recommended,300550,12336421,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Thermopylae,"Dragonfall - Director's cut is undoubtedly superior to Deadmans switch, which though good, was about providing the necessary fantasy, cyberpunk, noir experience. Dragonfall moves beyond the tropes, it is set in a fictionalized Berlin, where quaint German/  European names become a post modern simulicrum that vaguely echoes Wagners Neibelungen. Some of the scenes in the game are a kind of pay off for long developed story elements that were unexpected and disconcerting enough to be ""water cooler"" moments to the right crowd (Probably no one I know). What starts off as clunky tropes becomes a meditation on the idea of essence sacrificed to technology and the ideas of spirit within the Shadowrun game. The logic of the more bleak endings was rewarding to experience.Much better than expected."
,Recommended,300550,12409646,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Werinher,"Dragonfall is a great game, but the director´s cut edition is even better, has a better interface and the AI has improved considerably, making this game a good challange!"
76561198036278662,Recommended,300550,12410007,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Howdy,Awesome game!
76561198005609023,Recommended,300550,12422567,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,gokengt,"I can't get enough Shadowrun!  DMS was great and Dragonfall was amazing and now with the Director's Cut I am gobsmacked!  I really hope that they keep making campaigns, because everytime HBS comes out with one it is a million times better than their last attempt!I love how they added even more speech options in the DC, because I like getting Karma any way I can!  All the extra missions are awesome too and really tie things up for the NPC's back stories.The only thing that I can think of that I would like to see added in the next possible game is some form of stealth system, where silencers and silent spells are useful.Im getting close to putting 200 total into Shadowrun!  That doesn't count the time Im playing the original Sega game either!  lol."
76561197960787557,Recommended,300550,12459275,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,K@mi,Dragonfall's Director Cut is an improvement over Shadowrun Returns. The GUI is smoother and easier to use. The plot is much more interesting and follows better character development. The whole game seems to be much more optimized for a better experince.
76561198026722739,Recommended,300550,13515409,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,schillong,"Done a couple missions and I must say the game is nicely put together. Each character has a unique personality. There are different dialogue options and approaches to each battle. There are unique classes and you can customize your character the way you want it. The hacking system is also very cool and unique compared to other games. The story itself is intriguing and will draw you in.One of the things I like about this game a lot is the karma/skill system. Everytime you complete a mission or side mission you will get karma. Karma is used to upgrade your character's skills. There is a lot of customization for this and the race you choose will even impact this. You don't get anything for killing enemies in the game. This is a fresh way to go about it since I feel like some games reward the players too much. Complete the mission first to get the reward, not during the mission. It also means when reinforcements are coming you won't be inclined to want to kill them just for extra loot/xp.All in all, I would give this game a 8.5/10. Talking to npcs can get boring, but this game is definitely worth the sale price tag. Just make sure you enjoy turn based combat."
,Recommended,300550,13529602,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Doomande,One of the better cyberpunk games out there that I know of
,Recommended,300550,12527693,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Garonak,
76561197973905833,Recommended,300550,12269727,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TheSeaker,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! This is my first review that I've ever written for a game. After playing it, I just had to write one. Absolutely awesome game for an old school turn based, story driven RPG. AWESOME!!! The original dependancy version of Dragonfall was a huge leap from the original dead man's switch (which was still very good). However, the dragonfall: director's cut takes an alreayd solid game and shoots it into the stratosphere. The interfact is slicker, it is now a lot more responsive (things happen quicker, animations are much better), comat is much more logical, tactical, and fun. More spells, misssions, character development. EVERYTHING is just plain better. And best of all, IT WAS FREE BECAUSE I ALREADY OWNED DF. Congrats Harebrained Schemes!!!! You've hit a home run and I am one picky SOB. Trust me. You are now, as far as I'm concerned, in the leagues of CD Projeck and the shadowrun returns game-line has been put on my AUTO-BUY WITHOUT THINKING list. Keep expanding! I'll pay."
76561198011662037,Recommended,300550,12286789,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Possum,"Well I support this game. But not for the reasons you might think. This game is a very good example on how you convert a rich and deep enviroment and source material into a pc game and it is a very good example as well on how not to do it.Firstly let me point out the good stuff.The storytelling is excellent. It is very clear that the creators are some of the people who actually made the pen and paper version of Shadowrun. The story, the characters and the setting are spot on. This game proves that you do not have to have voice actors for every bit of dialog to make it good.The grafik design is very good. This is how Shadowrun should look like. The character portaits are nice and fitting.The game is a true role play game. You got character classes and you better play them according to their skills. This is not a you can have it all - example and that is a good thing.The soundtrack is brilliant. It reflects the general feel of the game and the situation your characters are in.The main quest line is thrilling and its length is appropriate. The cimax of the story is well developed and satisfying.The bad stuff:The UI is terrible. Why you can not see your health bar while not in combat and why you need to dig deep in character and inventory screens to use a simple medpack is a mystery to solve. The general usability is rather poor. Avatars will several times be in the way of your cursor preventing you from reaching a certain spot.Pathfinding is poor. Why you have to ""expand"" your Action Points based running distance instead of having the game find the direct route using as many APs as needed is beyond my understanding. The feedback the game gives you using switches and dialog options is poor.The combat system works well on a table among friends where bad dice rolls are fun but it is not suited for a pc game. The frustration level is extreme. Your crack team of shadowrunners will miss point blank buck shots and it will miss often. The cover system is hard to figure out. The cover level does often not resemble the actual obstacle you are hiding behind. Wooden structures sometimes provide better cover than concrete.Enemies are not diverse enough. You basically fight the same set of enemies in different colors. Interesting battles are rather rare and that is a shame considering the source. Matrix fights are as well rather generic.The enemy AI is both predictable and erratic. Enemies will almost always target your weakest group members and will suicide run into your stronger fighters. They will spam grenades always as soon as your characters are closer than three tiles.  Combined with my point about the combat system leading to often hilarious outcomes of shots and melee atacks make tactis rather pointless. If you are outnumbered and outgunned and outskilled which will happen very often you basically have to rely on setting up traps  for one or two enemies cause the combat is that unpredictable.This is a major factor for me and I know for many gamers. The game is good and fun for people who love the source but it can be a tedious task and ridiculous gamble for those who expect a X-Com like experience. It is not that."
,Recommended,300550,12335562,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StenPett,"The definitive version of the definitive version of the greatest RPG of 2013! If you like turn based tactical squad RPG's, you'll love this game. Pure and simple."
76561198007959535,Recommended,300550,12403620,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Hundahlah,This is a terrific game! Truly an improvement over Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall as DLC. I can highly recommend this game if you are interested in RPG and tactical turn-based games.
76561198126760852,Recommended,300550,12439093,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SirPain,"Great game for Shadowrun, RPG, and just plain old video game likers in general. It has hours of great story and gameplay."
76561198008443946,Recommended,300550,13284441,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,oczer,"Im a big fan of turnbased combat games like XCOM, Divinity:Original SIn and Wasteland 2, so steam recommended me this game. I watched a few videos on YT, and read the reviews, and decided to go for it. If you like games with lots of text and little action. Maybe it's for you, I just couldn't even get past the first mission. Combad is way inferior to any of the previously mentioned games. There's no Overwatch function that I could find, and hitting someone even at point blank range is next to impossible. In the end I just gave up. Maybe I will try it again some other day. Not recommended.EDIT:After giving it another shot, im finally starting to get the hang of this game. It's not as bad as i first thought, but still, combat is still inferior to other similar games. What is good about shadowrun is the world.  I really like the idea of mixed scifi and fantasy in one game. I still think that execution could have been done better, but once you get past the first mission it's an ok game with a great lore and story, even if there is a bit too much reading involved for my taste. Recommended but not for everyone."
76561198141711702,Recommended,300550,12294440,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,adamlink747,"Excellent game, what can I say I am not usually a fan of indie style games, but this thing is AAA in quality."
,Recommended,300550,12400194,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GhostfaceUrkel,"One of the better RPGs I have played in a while. As I progress as a gamer, single player games are losing their ability to keep my attention. This game has me completely enamored; I dreamt about it last night."
76561197993234152,Recommended,300550,12445148,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,JackArmstrong,"If you've ever missed the old Infinity Engine games like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment, look no further."
76561197971155056,Recommended,300550,12246650,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,LeperousKhan,"The art is beautiful. The writing is incredible.Basically, this game follows the X-COM reboot's method of combat. It's not a big budget, state of the art graphics extravaganza. But man, it satisfies that itch. Baulder's gate with turn based combat and sub-machine guns.You can play a cyborg Ork with an automatic shotgun. Or you can play an elf that summons elemental terrors from piles of garbage. Or all points between. What's not to like?This game is very adult themed. How adult? One of the character quests is quite possibly the darkest damn thing I've played since the Witcher series. There is also one quest that is so blackly hilarious I fell out of my chair laughing.After playing through the original twice, I gave this a shot. Unbelievable difference, much tighter game.Worth the price.Hoi Chummer. Cut the drek and get your run on. First we take Seattle, then we take Berlin."
76561198059889445,Recommended,300550,12394907,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,amilix.*******,I love this game!!! I hope that HBS continues to add more campaigns in the future.
76561198079753615,Recommended,300550,12442084,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,bellevueman,"Wow. What a delightful throwback game... all the joy of the orthagonal RPG gaming of my youth, in a modern polished package. I reccomend!"
,Recommended,300550,12470090,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Doone,"This heavily story driven cyperpunk tactical adventure is all the awesome it's predecessor was. Shadowrun has truly returned and this game has done much to reinvigorate the fandom that's been dedicated to the setting for decades now.Shadowrun comes with one campaign, Seattle and it's a lovely campaign. I loved the story and really loved the gameplay. The difficulty curve is difficult to gauge, but since so much of the challenge is in unraveling the story, it tends to vary from player to player. All in all, it's about an 8-12 hour campaign depending on your personal pacing and you'll love being immersed in the shadows of this particular fantasy.The real glory of the game for me is the editor it comes with which allows players to create their own campaigns. It's very powerful and easy to learn. At the time of this writing there are already dozens of player content out there, a lot of which is great stuff. Because of the editor, there's a solid community of engaged players to interact with and really enjoy the game. This is a must buy for gamers who love story driven games and especially those who love the world of Shadowrun."
,Recommended,300550,12243319,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Mouse of Madness,"This is the shadowrun game I've been waiting for ever since playing the SNES and Genesis games. This is the game they were dreaming of being, but due to technically limitations, could never become. Dragonfall was the DLC that saved Shadowrun Returns, and the Director's Cut adds a lot of tweaks and a better interface. Definitely worth a buy if you love RPGs or the Shadowrun setting."
76561197971221998,Recommended,300550,12281927,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,pecan,Great game if you want the old-school feel of Baldur's Gate set combined with the cyber-punk nostalgia of the late 80s through early 90s.  Strong writing and story make this game a pleasure.
76561198008333670,Recommended,300550,12423819,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dumbus 2.0,"Shadowrun Returns was a great revamp of the classic Shadowrun games of yore that I spent many hours on in my youth. However, it felt a bit like dipping my toes into the large ocean of possibility that is the Shadowrun universe. Shadowrun: Dragonfall takes that experience and builds it into a thorough dive into the dark cyberpunk waters of Shadowrun. The Berlin setting is new and refreshing, the more polished combat system for the Director's Cut is both visually pleasing and more intuitive, and the story is outrageously good. The writing never falters, and that is what truly makes this game great. For fans of immersive and story driven games, this is one for you."
,Recommended,300550,12243542,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Deac,"Takes the already good Dragonfall Campaign and improves on it further with a tonne of extra content in a setting that's Arcanum meets Deus Ex. If you like RPGs, you should play this."
76561197998492220,Recommended,300550,12327332,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Flutterrock,"Note: Summary at the bottom of the review.Originally launched as an expansion to Shadowrun Returns, Dragonfall - Director's Cut brings a lot of improvements to what is itself a considerable improvement over the first Shadowrun game from Harebrained Schemes. It is refreshing to see a developer that not only listens to the fans, but does something about their feedback! Even more impressive is their decision to give this version for free to those who already bought Dragonfall as an expansion.Like the original, Dragonfall serves up a big slice of isometric turn-based strategy fun set in the dystropian / utopian (strike based on your views) Shadowrun universe. Magic once again meets technology, and in the shadows of megacorporations people struggle to survive, or even thrive. The cast features very interesting characters, each with their own backstory and motivations. Also like the original, this is worth a replay for its story, though the story is larger and better in almost every way in Dragonfall.Pro:*A stand-alone improvement on the expansion which was already an improvement on the original game.*A setting that never fails to engage, regardless of whether you hate or love the way the world has become in Shadowrun.*A developer that not only listens but actually acts upon feedback, and actively supports the community.*A community that releases new content using the game creation tools and assets that the developers released free of charge with the game.*The same exellent character portraits, with more thrown in!*Good, solid turn-based mechanics.*You can once again build your character's stats and abilities as you want them, or just use the pre-defined classes.Con:*Still only one campaign, though many more avaliable through the community. Dare we hope for an expansion to this, or better yet, a sandbox mode?*While the in-game models have gotten some new hairstyles, they still clash a bit with the exellent character portraits (especially for the orcs and trolls).Summary:This is an improvement in almost every way. If you own the original and liked it, this is for you. If you like classic isometric TBS games, this is for you. If you like the Shadowrun universe, this is for you. If the idea of cyberpunk or a setting that mixes fantasy and sci-fi, this is for you. While it may not be perfect, it is very, very good at what it does. 8/10 -Recomended!For more recomendations and reviews:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/strandedkerbonaut#curation"
76561198035874722,Recommended,300550,12443175,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,wizejester,EPIC! Buy it. Play it. NOW!
76561198036548780,Recommended,300550,12676761,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Dial-Up Cowboy,"First and foremost, I am glad I bought this game, and I feel it has a huge deal to offer. That much should be evident from the amount I've written here.While I don't wish to draw too strong a comparison between this and Shadowrun Returns (bearer of the infamously mediocre 'Dead Man's Switch' story), I believe it's worth mentioning that this particular installment of the franchise will, at the very least, pleasantly surprise both veterans of 'Returns' and those completely new to Shadowrun. In short, the system works, and while I'm sure they exist, I have yet to find any obvious game-breaking features that can either severely screw or enable the player. In all, while maybe not as brutally unforgiving as some players might wish, the gameplay is varied enough and detailed enough to provide both a challenge and entertainment.For those not knowing what to expect, combat is a turn-based affair where the player's team slugs it out with various shady individuals, gang members, insane mages and fantastical creatures. Here you'll find lots of different guns, melee weapons, special attacks and spells, all of which can be helped along by shiny cyberware, drones, and various performance-enhancing drugs. It's pretty great, and the tactical options are relatively detailed. That said, you don't have to run 'n gun your way through every encounter. Don't expect to be able to use much stealth throughout the game, but a lot of fights can be circumnavigated with proper exploration, use of etiquette in negotiation, hacking various environmental features, or just plain picking the right dialogue options. After all, it IS a role-playing game.Which brings me to where I'm really genuinely impressed with Dragonfall. Here you have a well written story, with choices that will dramatically affect you - if not so much the game (few cause repercussions beyond a serious heart-to-heart with your team). Like a lot of good RPGs are wont to do, Dragonfall offers up a buttload of non-binary morality and forces you to pick a side in a game where every side is just as bad as another. It's not all A+ in terms of originality, but it sure seems to matter at the time. The prominent characters of the game are also written relatively well, and their designs are certainly awe-inspiring at times.It's impossible to summarise all the positive and negative qualities of this game, but also deserving of a mention is the soundtrack - which continues to be fantastic at creating the right atmosphere - and the quality of the background art, which uses some kind of devil-magic to work perfectly with the 3D character models. Finally, I should say that along with the main campaign (which in itself is around 20 hours of quality gameplay) you'll be getting access to community-made campaigns and a toolset which, as far as I've seen so far, is surprisingly easy to use.Thus, and in conclusion, I heartily recommend Shadowrun: Dragonfall; it finally does what Harebrained Schemes so nearly achieved with Shadowrun Returns, and is ultimately an exemplary addition to the existing Shadowrun canon."
76561197992481989,Recommended,300550,12894444,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sahaquiel Faust,"Best RPG I've seen in several years, with a pricetag that makes it easy to pick up.The Choices you make feel like they have some weight, and generally aren't black and white.Combat is turned based and quite engaging, with multiple ways to go about winning.In Short: Buy this game."
,Recommended,300550,13249174,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ChopperSniper,"Fantastic turn-based game, makes me want to play the tabletop Shadowrun and realize I'll suck at that too."
,Recommended,300550,20953805,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Renesco,"It's a really good game, great value with about 30 hours of gameplay for the price and very cosy and cool atmosphere. An 8/10 thumbs up but with one big negative: I don't like clumsy political messages in my games, I didn't like them in bioshock infinite and I don't like them in this. At times this game feels like it's trying to recruit me to antifa or something."
76561198021944707,Recommended,300550,12279371,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AdmiralAckbar,"Definitely what the first campaign should have been! The characters are interesting and you get to actually make choices on their leveling like its a party and not just a gang of mercenaries. The story and writing are great and the combat is much improved from the original game. If you love turnbased RPGs, Shadowrun or both you should definitely pick this up."
76561198128784836,Recommended,300550,12283988,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,hydeka1086,"What I enjoy most about this release is the added content that it gives to both the story elements and the character development.I mostly use a combat decker, so I spend a lot of time in the Matrix.  Being said, I would like decking to reflect more of the table-top system where you can carry out actions (exploit, spoof) and have utilities to aid in your efforts, instead of the in-game method where you just buff yourself up and kill the various IC to have full access to everything at no additional difficulty.  Maybe after you kill those white IC you need to succeed at an exploit check to gain access  to those turrents to aid you in your current run?  Stuff like that.  I'm sure this isn't the first time you've heard this, haha.But yeah.  Great game.  Keep it going!"
76561198026800056,Recommended,300550,12320354,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Karisse,A fantastic RPG from start to finish. Dragonfall captures the true spirit of the original pen and paper game and is a worthy successor to Shadowrun Returns. It's worth every cent.
,Recommended,300550,12240745,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Brother Cadfael,"Cyberpunk, fantasy, turn-based roleplaying game with a great story.  It was worth the price for the Shadowrun Returns DLC, and this stand-alone version is even better.  No issues at all running it in Linux."
,Recommended,300550,12253969,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
76561198141323593,Recommended,300550,12299436,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,patosa1989,"One of the best games i have ever played.Pros:Good storyNice amount of side missions and objectivesGood charactersGood lengthNew hub is excelentCons:Sometimes odds to hit you designated target are weird, (had 85 percent hit change, shot 3 times in a row, all miss)Maybe more options to affect your hub area"
76561198134798285,Recommended,300550,12310038,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Darkstrong,"If you are aching for a good and atmospheric turn-based RPG, Shadowrun: Dragonfall is the game you were looking for. It take on of the most intriguing sets - the fantasy-cyberpunk world of Shadowrun, and breathe life into it with such a caring? that is hardly ever seen in game development world of today. You will love Dragonfall's diverse set of characters, vivid locations and engaging plot.Of course Dragonfall is not without its flaws. But whatever I've found not to my liking soon faded in comparison to all the great parts of the game which I just can't stop playing."
,Recommended,300550,12323889,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kitsune,"The feeling of the Shadowrun world is there, a nice dose of 80ies cyberpunk."
76561198147795399,Recommended,300550,12326606,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,artemiseritu,"This game is about the closest anyone has come to realizing the tabletop experience in a PC format.  I was hooked throughout the story, and it left me wanting more.  If you were thinking of getting Shadowrun Online too... don't (yet).  There's a lot of uncertainty around it, and buying that after playing this left me completely disappointed with SRO.The editor in SRDDC could be more intuitive, and there are a lot of things that could be improved with it, it should just be a clone of the NWN Aurora editor from bioware.Multiplayer would be amazing, having gms and players able to interact on shards would be great!"
,Recommended,300550,12396659,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,narkius,"What a beautiful game! Having inhaled the Shadowrun novel series back in the late 90s, this brings back memories of old. The Dragonfall campaign keeps close to my heart, as it is set in places i know pretty well. The graphics are neat, the sound appropriate, gameplay is about 25h, but the best thing is the story telling and the world it is set in. The Director's Cut adds a few more missions than the original Dragonfall, notably ones which dig deepter into your teammates' past. You also get a slightly improved combat interface, well done!There are some technical issues on Linux:- Every time you start Steam, the game tries to sync, preventing playing or installing anything else for about a minute.- Every time you start the game, you need to change the screen resolution and then cancel that action for the previously configured resolution to have an effect.- You cannot exit the game, it needs to be killed manually."
,Recommended,300550,12405912,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rapajez,"Any fan of RPGs, SRPGs, or Turn Based Strategies in general should definately give this a shot. The original was a blast in spite of some visual bugs, and then they hand us this gem for free! The story has the perfect balance of non-linearity and great story-telling, which is rare in this genre. The story and gameplay combine into an awesome combination of progression that is increadibily addicting.The original was a good 20-30 hours, and this Director's Cut apparently adds even more content. Add that to a never-ending stream of quality user-generated content in the fully supported Steam Workshop, and this game would be worth  the money at double the cost.The dialogue system is also unique, where knowing a lot about knifes or drones can open up new converstation options.The only con, is that the combat itself can sometimes feel a little lack-luster. There's cover, and a slew of custom abilities and equipment, but I find every other aspect of the game more enjoyable."
76561198079764108,Recommended,300550,12933922,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,apgreen1,Leveling system that doesn't confine you to any single playstyle within an achetype. User generated content that has the ability to dramatically lengthen the lifespan of the game.
76561197974168586,Recommended,300550,13380403,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,mikogamer,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall - The Director's Cut, is one of my favourite games of 2014.No, I'm not a old-school CRPG die-hard geek born in the seventies (*): I enjoyed Fallout 3, Dragon Age: Origins, Mass Effect (1), Deux: Ex Human Revolution, Skyrim, etc etc (all those kind of AAA action based RPGs of various depth, open world-ness and RPG-ness). But enjoying those games and enjoying this isometric old-school CRPG with turn based combat is *not* mutually exclusive.In short: Combat oriented (but with lots of possibilities to avoid combat) tactical squad (4) and turned based combat CRPG with great depth, atmosphere, characters, lore, consequences, multiple paths to success, etc etc. Combat is similar to XCom: Enemy Unknown, but easier (without being easy at all). Building on ""Shaduwrun: Returns"", but with more personality, a fixed squad/team (but still the possiblity to ""hire"" ""externals""), overhaulded combat interface, less bugs (but sill some bugs, nothing to worry about though), and more content (spent almost twice the amount of time on this one, though a fair share of that time was spent doubting how to build and balance my character using XP, cyber&bio-ware, weapons, drugs and armor).I also want to re-itterate that this game is text based (no voiced dialogs, no cut scenes,...) . At first, it's a little bit difficult to focus on, but after a while, I read every word. It's amazing what good written text can achieve. In AAA games heavy (in engine or not) cut scenes would be used which would require great effort to create and voice act (which don't always work out that well in the end, thinking about silly face expressions and sex scenes in Dragon Age 2 - for example), while a few paragraphs of text can and WILL achieve great engagement. Wonderful.FYI. Played on Hard. In Shadowrun Returns played Chi Casting and melee fighting female Orc. In Dragonfall - Directors Cut, played a Street Samurai (Elve, female once more): A riffle weapons specialist without any magic at all. This allows you not to worry about your character's essence (required for magic and quick spell cooldowns), which allows you in turn to go crazy with cyber&bio-ware. Focussed on Quickness and Dodge, as well on Charm and Etiquettes.Fun fun fun.(*) Not that there is anything wrong with that ... :-)"
,Recommended,300550,12239964,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CaptainUngaBunga,"I've played both the DLC version and standalone version of this game and i would say it is great. Anyone that likes RPGs will love this. It has a good story, fun combat (recently tried mage and enjoying myself), and alot of things to uncover and explore. If your looking for a good RPG check this game out. it is turn based though i don't mind but i know some people do just be aware of that."
76561198092377885,Recommended,300550,12242676,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,brinshandin,"I loved the original but Dragonfall blows it out of the water!  This game is absolutely fantastic!!  It has a wonderful storline, characters that you care about, plenty of sidequests, awesome music and with the workshop engine you get to continue to make your own quests, runs, and such.  Amazing product and very well done!  I look very forward to seeing more content in the future. :D"
76561198018473969,Recommended,300550,12242752,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,yfnco,"I haven't gotten that far in it, but I love it just as much as Shadowrun Returns."
76561198134006400,Recommended,300550,12260441,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Aztara,"I liked the idea of the modern world mixed with fantasy. This has a very interesting urge for me to try out not just games like this but reminds me of Arcanum Steamworks and Magica (which is like this, except for the fact that it's like the 18th century mixed with magic and races that you would expect to see only in a standard RPG).This is cool though, as it is not just in modern day mixed with orcs, humans, dwarves, elves and trolls like world of warcraft, but also forty years in the future and not in the U.S. which brings it a nice international feel.Thus I like this, but a few things. I am ok with turn based games, because I grew up with them. However other players have to like turn based combat.Secondly it is pretty good, overall as I just said, however, on some missions, like the one I am on right now helping blitz, I will say a few things. I played this on normal and the combat is too hard.At least it was for me, so I had to play on easy. Also again I wish there were recommendations on exactly what to bring with you on a mission, such as a ton of medical kits, because what was suppose to be a easy run helping blitz pay back a debt, has turned out pretty wickedly hard.Outside of that, I would of liked to have seen a few more races, like if forty or some years has passed, since this awakening, and magic came back to world and now you have orcs, dwarves, elves, and trolls as well as humans, I would have liked to see some half stuff. Such as half elves, half orcs, half trolls etc. Though the orcs and trolls and elves in the game already look like human beings just with some slight differences, (nice touch with the horns) with trolls for instance, maybe half-golems, (like half stone golems; half water elemental humans,;centaur people;) and also what about goblins? Full and half goblins would have been nice?Maybe again this is too much, but maybe in a future game that is continuing off where this game leaves off? The metahumans could have undergone more changes, making them really appear more orc and troll like, (such as in world of warcraft) and the half orcs, trolls, and maybe goblins could be somewhere in between.Anyway maybe in a future game where it's like five to ten years later, meaning in 2064? As of right now this game is overall pretty good.I would give it a B+ to A-."
76561197975177853,Recommended,300550,12301277,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,varmisciousknid,"A great modern rpg. The story is compelling, the gameplay stays interesting, and the strategic combat sets it apart from most rpgs."
,Recommended,300550,12313893,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,adamarchy23,"Best RPG based computer game I've played in a long, long time.To being with the storytelling is in a league of its own: you are allowed as a player to make the kinds of decisions that affect gameplay going forward, throughout, and in many different ways. Because of the multiple character types and the depth of story telling and that aforementioned ability to make decisions, there is a high degree of re-playability here. The multiple plot twists were well conceived and in some cases so perfectly concealed that my jaw dropped a few times.Combine that with some very challenging scenarios and tightly timed sequences which add an excitement factor rare in games these days (many seem too concerened with getting to the cut scene at all cost), I can only hope this series continues on (a Hong Kong Shadowrun would be magnificent!) and perhaps that some effort is made to bridge these iterations together in future so that character importing would be possible.Loved this. My first Dragonfall character was a Trollish Physical Adept - not much on detective skills, but laying my fists to the enemy was fun: manos de piedra! Think my next go-round will be a custom-build technomancer type."
76561198112200887,Recommended,300550,12371482,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,GDanzig,"This is a first impression review, and I'll update as I get deeper into the game.Dragon fall has a great old school feel to it, while still have a nice clean look and feel to it. Character creation is very well done in that you can go with a template, or roll your own which I always apprecaite in a game like this. Calling this a strait turn based RPG doesn't do it justice, as it feels much more strategic than just clicking abilities. To me it feels like XCOM meets Cyberpunk which is awesome.I would warn that there is a bit of reading in this game, which I enjoy, but if that's not your thing you might want to stay away. If I had one negative, about the game, it would be nice to have a little more keyboard control. If there are keyboard shortcuts I haven't discovered them yet, but I honestly didn't take time to look into it to deep."
76561198005510978,Recommended,300550,12418640,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[OP]andnico,"In a great many ways an amazing follow-up and in almost all ways an improvement to the game for which it exists as ""DLC."" However, make no mistake this game is bigger, more involved, and a much richer experience than its predecessor. Better UI, fully fleshed-out companions and a fabulous open mission structure in the middle of the game all at truly fantastic elements to the formula set out in SR.  The pacing on a couple of missions can feel a bit grindy (MKVI is a undoubtedly a slog and the final missions can seem like a lot of fights placed after the other) so I still personally prefer the original coors. However, other than a couple of frustrating fight-heavy missions that slow the story down this game is a true jewel."
,Recommended,300550,12423048,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zimny,"Really great isometric CRPG game set in the shadowrun universe. Shadowrun returns was my introduction into shadowrun and I really enjoy the setting. Very good isometric RPG game, well made looks and runs beautifully. Highly recommended."
76561198021649933,Recommended,300550,12542040,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dewdo,"Hey there, whoever reads this, i usually dont write reviews. but now i have to :D ive been a big fan of the old shadowrun on snes and played the pen and paper as well, also i was a big fan of baldurs gate 1&2 and planescape torment. since then, shadowrun dragonfall has been the MOST ENJOYABLE RPG EXPERIENCE. i bought it 4 days ago and cant stop playin. the story is very nice, you get lots of otions, and the shadowrun atmosphere just drags u in and wont let u go again. MUST BUY if u liked the games i mentioned before, or are a fan of shadowrun. thumbs up!!!!   regards"
76561198116786626,Recommended,300550,12623327,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut is a turn based tactical game with an amazing storyline.The game play is simple and can be challenging at times, however you can save at any point and as many times as you want giving you an opportunity of retrying different strategies until you get it right.The games environment is quite unusual. It is a traditional fantasy game with elf’s and orc’s but set in a retro 80s future. It works well and makes this games world interesting.The graphics are very detailed and because of the neon 80s look, the environments looks colourful.This game is written and told very well. They have clearly spent a lot of time on the storyline. Everything from the characters to the main storyline has a lot of depth. There is no voice acting in this game but a lot text to read. However it is worth it.Sound effects work well from the guns to walking. The background ambiance also sound good and adds to the unusual environment you are in. The sound track is brilliant but can be distracting when reading the huge amount of text in this game.I highly recommend this game, good story, good graphics and good game play."
,Recommended,300550,12294054,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Behemoth,Even better than the already very good Dead Man's Switch campaign. Great writing and interessting companions - having a party of runners really heightens the fun.
76561198004568539,Recommended,300550,12295063,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Iselian,"*Just* finished my first playthrough. Absolutely fantastic game that expanded upon the original. Harebrained comes out once again with exceptional writing and storytelling that immerses you despite a lack of complex cinematic movies in-game. Highly recommend thinking of a ""persona"" for your character during the creation and making decisions based around that. Decisions can matter! The overall game might not change substantially, yet you and a friend can talk over great differences (from level events to story arcs) in comparing different playthroughs. Can't wait for more."
76561198020617056,Recommended,300550,12370170,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Lomax,"The DLC version of this game is simply fantastic. The Director's Cut is the culmination of HBS' response to the feedback from the community and fans. It was nearly perfect before the standalone release. Now we can look forward to more content and polished and improved versions of the existing? Mind. Blown.High-Quality Dialogue, Story, Combat, Equipment, Progression, Discovery, and even some painful moral quandaries were found within. It is an absolute steal for the price, and while I do not normally replay game very much after I complete them, this one will have me replaying each archetypical character build to experience the feel of the improved content from various perspectives, both regarding combat and PC personality."
76561198013536429,Recommended,300550,12378967,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,locksheer,"Great game.  The extra scenes, new items, and alternate ending made replay fun.  I generally don't do replays as I get bored or distracted but the addition of stuff really made it feel like a new game."
76561197964013660,Recommended,300550,12458005,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,=TAC= The Irken Elite,http://www.thecareandfeedingofnerds.com/2014/10/gir-by-gir-shadowrun-dragonfall.html
76561198027129179,Recommended,300550,12472996,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cmrd. Deathcall,"This game...You might argue that the graphics are too simple, or that the action isn't comparable to next-gen RPGs, but the writing... gentlemen... the writing in this game (Dragonfall, not Dead Man's Switch) is the best I've seen since Baldur's Gate. I dare say, even better.You see, nostalgia would have you say that Baldur's Gate is superior, but the truth is that like the cartoons we watched when young, the plots and characters aren't as good as our nostalgia-ridden memories would suggest. Shadowrun: Dragonfall raises the bar and gives us believeable characters and really interesting choices in the game. The ending can be VERY different depending on what your choices where during the game, putting triple A titles like Mass Effect to shame.Bottom line, if you are into good storytelling, and even if you aren't familiar with the world of Shadowrun (I wasn't), you'll find Dragonfall to be a delightful game. It's the kind of game that makes you afraid of finishing it, because you know you'll miss it's characters and setting.The game clocks at around 20+ hours and there's an editor included. Though it isn't as user friendly as - say - the NWN2 editor, there's some really talented (and patient) people out there producing UGC (User Generated Content) that can extend the life-time of this game for at least another 20 hours or more.Thank you Harebrained Games for a great experience, hope to see more of you soon.PD: Did I mention these guys released the Director's Cut version FOR FREE to owners of the original version? FREE DLC? And it's not hats or some other stupid prop that nobody cares about but ACTUAL game content? Hell... in a time when every big-time company wants to shove paid DLC down your throat, it's refreshing change."
,Recommended,300550,12561821,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sneez,"11/10. I loved shadowrun returns, and so far this one is even better.  I dont know how they manage to pull it off, but this is right up there with baldurs gate, NWN, mass effect, the witcher and dragon age.Great descriptions of the sci-fi universe shadowrun, draw you straight into the story. :)"
,Recommended,300550,13525178,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Professor,"Shadowrun Returns was part of the vanguard of the 2013/2014 resurgence of the computer RPG and while the mechanics were well implemented, the story felt flat and linear. This is something Harebrained tackled head-on with the Dragonfall DLC, later released as a stand-alone product. While it doesn't hold a candle to some of the behemoth open world CRPGs out there, there's a great deal more optional interaction to be discovered in Dragonfall versus the original Dead Man's Switch campaign.More than the breadth of the world, Dragonfall really adds to its depth as well. The characters and dialog are uncommonly good. If you take the time to get to know the runners on your crew, you'll find a wealth of well-thought-out backstories doled out throughout the game in well-measured helpings. I would venture that this game performs well when viewed in the light of gender equality, as well. While the Sixth World can be an exploitive place, the game empowers you to do something about that. Dragonfall features a number of meaningful major roles for women, and their roles and backgrounds perform well against with-a-pink-bow and bechdel examinations. This game isn't making a statement about gender equality (because it's in no way ""about"" that), but I applaud it for executing its goals well while demonstrating that a quality title doesn't need to play into shallow tropes.I've been reading the Shadowrun core rulebook for the pen & paper game to get a group started with some friends, many of whom are newbies to P&P RPGs, let alone Shadowrun. I've recommended this game to get them familiar with the universe. I'm very much looking forward to the next installation from HBG."
76561198008744543,Recommended,300550,12241945,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,"The ""Must Have"" Indie game of the year.  Arguably the best cyberpunk videogame of the decade.Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cutis an excellent tribute to William Gibson's Sprawl. Reminiscent of timeless classics such asDeus Ex, andPlanescape: Torment.Included is a powerful game editor that we fans use to modify, edit and even create entirely separate cyberpunk stories of our own. The Workshop is full of potential and already has an active community, many of which are avid readers and writers devoted to tell their story.Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cutis an ambitious project and HBS has delivered. The atmosphere, writing, and music are extremely high artistic quality, and shows fans that HBS has ""The Heart,"" and talent to make immersive campaigns.BuyShadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cutnow!"
,Recommended,300550,12244700,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,EseD,"One of the best RPG I have ever played. The characters have great story behind them and you will want to know all about them. The combat is a bit RNG based but if you save often you wont have a problem . Definitely recommend to anyone who likes good RPGs , turn based combat , cyberpunk setting and great story."
,Recommended,300550,12251407,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,zorolozorlo,"Distinctly a very enjoyable game. Much like Shadowrun Returns, this game is very, very good for introducing people who haven't heard of Shadowrun to the universe of Shadowrun. The improved character customization and the improvements from Shadowrun Returns are distinctly very amazing all things considering. Definitely a must have if you enjoy Tactical RPGs."
,Recommended,300550,12299743,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,nevver,Fun game.
76561197997230819,Recommended,300550,12377909,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Badly Drawn Rod,"Only a couple of hours into it, but it's a rich world with an intriguing back story.Now 13 hours into it. Totally absorbing. Got stuck in the scenery after a particular fight though and had to resort to Ctrl-W (warp) in debug mode to get myself out."
,Recommended,300550,12384122,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,WarPotato,"The short: Text-heavy, but with excellent writing. Smooth combat, lots of options, extremely flexible character creation model. Recommended, particularly for RPG and tactics gamers.The Director's Cut of Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a lighthearted, fun, and extremely playable RPG.  While visual effects are a little on the sparse side (no between-act cinematics a la Diablo here!), the world nevertheless feels like a living thing, and it's a pleasure to explore. The game's writing does an excellent job of keeping a player engaged, and develops a very solid, likeable, and extremely replayable setting. Hacking ('decking'), close combat, guns, and magic all mix together into a variety of player strategies, providing a broad set of options to get past each mission's obstacles.The gameplay feels smooth and solid, particularly with the Director's Cut revamp of the user interface. Everything is presented in an intuitive and easy-to-navigate manner, and the combat feels similar to other successes like XCOM, Fire Emblem, and other grid-based tactical games.The real advantage of Shadowrun Returns, as always, is the potential for user-created content. Shadowrun Returns is more of a foundation than anything else--with a handy, built-in campaign to show what it's capable of. The original Shadowrun Returns had a handful of extremely popular user-created campaigns available in short order, and I have high hopes for the Director's Cut content to come from Shadowrun's fan base. With these, the possibilities are endless. Although I have high hopes for future campaigns coming out of Harebrained Schemes, I'm sure that the game's fanbase will provide more than enough content to keep me occupied for a long, long time."
76561198014206120,Recommended,300550,12409620,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Glip Glop,"If you like the Shadowrun setting, you will love this game."
,Recommended,300550,12422198,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dorkopotamis,"Fun gameplay, loads of choices, awesome story, great game."
,Recommended,300550,12538839,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,briablo,Is it better than Shadowrun Returns? Yes. Was the bar that high? No.
,Recommended,300550,12713753,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dragtar,"Now, that's a real Shadowrun game!Buy and You will not regret it , I assure you ;)"
76561197991667132,Recommended,300550,13352381,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,bbb,"Unlike deadman's switch, I found myself going out of my way to access all of the game's content.I'm writing this review because a positive one convienced me to invest where otherwise I would not.Kudos HBS!"
76561198028323363,Recommended,300550,13525319,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,theJam?,"DescriptionCyberpunk Tactical RPGStrengthsStoryWritingArtMeaningful Dialog ChoicesWeaknessesDated GameplayBuggy / UnpolishedConclusionDeciding to buy this game depends on your value of gameplay vs story.  It is more like playing through a book than a game.  Content is split between dialog and combat.  Combat is mildly amusing, but does not bring anything new or complex.  However, the games strengths combine to make it immersive and enjoyable."
76561197970754741,Recommended,300550,20749518,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Boone,"Great game; much improved compared to the first in the series (Shadowrun Returns). Graphically, still a bit lackluster - character models and animation are rather poor. But roleplaying options, equipment, side quests, story are good fun. Worth it for the asking price."
,Recommended,300550,21849948,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,elleody,"I was a little worried when Dragonfall came out; that it wouldn't escape the shadow of it's forebear for me. I loved Harebrained Scheme's Shadowrun Returns, to the point where this was only in sobering afterthought after it started downloading.It was a couple hours into it, I believe, that I began wondering which of the two I loved more, eventually settling on the notion that both are simply lovely, and I'm fortunate to have had them in my life.Someone poured through source material books, finding beautiful pieces of lost and lingering lore, and updated them for a majestic new setting. It makes me feel good, that someone who clearly loves this world, was given an opportunity to stage it. I adore this game, and I'm delighted to see that I'm not the only one."
,Recommended,300550,14562751,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,What the first Shadowrun game should've been.Beautifully executed and wonderfully fun.
,Recommended,300550,30581712,Posted: 17 March,all,Vycodyn,"I didn't play Dragonfall until well after it came out where I played Shadowrun Returns almost entirely within the first week it came out; something about the advertising and the art just didn't catch me.  And then, on a whim, I dove in - and it's one of the best RPG stories in recent memory, while addressing many of the issues with Shadowrun Returns.To give context within the series of games, Shadowrun Returns felt like a nostalgia trip while Hong Kong felt like an excellent role playing session with friends - fun, a little impractical, with a lot of loose ends that don't get quite tired up satisfactorily and have to be explained by the GM.Dragonfall feels like Shadowrun if Joss Whedon decided he wanted to blow your mind with a complex mystery that makes you think you know where it's going - until you realize you didn't, because the Big Bad wasn't even who you were looking at.  It's phenomenally written, with characters you learn to love with backstories that make them relatable and interesting.  Better yet, it's morally ambiguous and some of the biggest choices are the ones that leave you uneasy in the end - one of the final scenes of the game has been stuck in the back of my head for weeks as one of the most genuinely creepy, threatening things I can think of.With no caveats at all, Dragonfall is a blast and a story more people should get to experience - one of my favorite RPG experiences in years."
,Recommended,300550,21023696,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sam,"I first came across this game when PC Gamer praised it as some of the best character writing in a long time. This is true, very true and underpins a fantastic game. Dragonfall is infinitely better than Shadowrun Returns to the point of making the original worthless. Dragonfall has a better story, better characters, better base, better UI, better length and better abilities. Having a team of repeat characters adds so much to the formula and makes the story matter so much more to a game full of side quests.Anyone who remotely enjoys turn based RPGs or has an interest in Shadowrun's cyberpunk/fantasy hybrid should strongly consider this game as their entry point for the series. If you play Returns first, you'll give up and miss out on an excellent game. During sales Dragonfall is just £2.20 and impossible not to recommend."
,Recommended,300550,21582262,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Killyox - ktoś na co-op TW:WH2?,"You simply CAN NOT ignore Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut. It has deep storyline, awesome characters and is all around a great game for all you RPG lovers.TOTALLY LOVED IT!9/10"
76561198043845159,Recommended,300550,21738774,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Spaniard,"Great game! Neat follow up of the first onePros:- Great story: from the first game, which is settle at a cyberpunk Seattle, the game really captures the mood and feeling of a cyberpunk Berlin (I have never been to these places, but you get my meaning)- Nice combat mechanics- Nice Character´s archetypesCons:- A LOT of texts to read (I cannot stress A LOT enough). Even for a tabletop rpg-like game, it still have a lot of reading. Sometimes it gets tiresome.I recommend this game. the end."
,Recommended,300550,20813219,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Muflex,"I was really surprised this game is so good. Never been a huge fan of Shadowrun universe so imagine my amazement when Dragonfall sucked me in for couple of days. Epic plot mixed with well created, interesting characters and solid dialogues gives a great recipe for memorable RPG.Worth every penny."
76561197996185519,Recommended,300550,16460445,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,fxknight,"This game has some of the best writing since Planescape: Torment. You will deeply care about almost every character in the game, and there are many, many of them. This is a living, breathing world, populated by real people.If you just want to blow stuff up and can't be bothered to read text, give this one a pass. If you consider yourself a lover of great stories and being transported to a dark yet wonderful place, do yourself a favor and try this latest entry into the games-as-literature field. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,300550,30544495,Posted: 16 March,all,Horsepeg,About 30 hours of gameplay to complete the main story and all the side stories as well. I bought this game as part of the bundle of all the Shadowrun games. It took me about 10 hours to play through Shadowrun: Returns and having Dragonfall be 3x the amount of gameplay was wonderful. The story and the characters were great. This game also has workshop support so you definitely get your money's worth since you'll basically never run out of campaigns to play. All and all I would 100% recommend this to anyone who enjoys the Shadowrun universe or just likes turn-based strategy games.
76561197993500303,Recommended,300550,18158998,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Gorebane,"I recommend this game because it has an interesting story, but there are a lot of problems with the game itself.If you can get past the poor UI and quirky combat system (Can't use healing spells outside of combat, stunned & sleeping enemies can dodge, and much more) then there is a good story to behold.The experience system is meh, you don't get experience for killing enemies, and your skills don't increase as you use them. Instead you get ""karma"" which you can then allocate to skills. Unfortunately when coupled with there being no items on enemies, this means combat is a pointless affair as often you might as well just run past enemies to the exit.The quotes saying this is one of the best turn based RPGs of the year are way off, it's....ok."
,Not Recommended,300550,26001103,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,THX3142,"UPDATE: I have to change my review... the game is broken when you reach a certain point. Constant bugs with changes to inventory not being managed and, worst of all, game 'freezes' where characters don't respond to commands causing you to lose all your progress. This is really bad and happens on end-game missions that are the longest and most difficult ones. I just lost 2h of gameplay on one of the last missions due to this bug. This has been reported by other players since 2014. I can't recommend the game until this is fixed.The game has great visuals and good (but not stellar) storyline. Character customization is not very deep, but good enough (although customizing your crew uses a different system which takes a bit to get used to).Weakest point, IMO, is the combat system with awkward cover and line of sight mechanics (there's no cover where you would expect and line of sight sometimes makes no sense).If you enjoy XCOM combat mechanics and/or want a decent cyberpunk story, I would recommend."
76561198008389157,Recommended,300550,28039724,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Crabtacular crustacean citizen,Best of the newely made Shadowrun games.
76561198002631172,Recommended,300550,28902040,Posted: 1 January,all,Hrkn,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall does not quite match Baldur's Gates or Fallouts, but it is a rather good game.Shortly:- If you were disappointed in Shadowrun Returns, but you find the world of Shadowrun interesting, give it another chance with Dragonfall. For me Returns was a disappointment.- If you haven't played any of the Shadowrun tittles yet but are interested then do ""skip"" Shadowrun Returns (the first tittle, although, the stories are completely separate) and go with Dragonfall.I am familiar with the Shadowrun pen 'n' paper roleplay, but not really a fan of it. Still, the mood of the world behind the game is well captured and the storyline is solid. There are also additional companion missions, side missions and bonus objectives which are optional, although, some side missions (of your choice) have to be accepted in order to proceed in the main storyline.If only there was voice acting in the game, it would be so much better.Compared to the previous tittle - Shadowrun Returns - the Dragonfall fares a lot better. Several improvements to the gameplay have been made for a more enjoyable play. The NPCs in the team are more (meta)humane than previously, with more character to them. The game is less linear than Returns. There are some bigger choices and some smaller choices, some of which affect the game, but some are just immersion (which in itself is not necessarily a bad thing).Still, a few mechanics in the game are annoying, although, some of them can be worked around.The most annoying is perhaps that while out of combat (and able to move real time) you can only control the protagonist and the rest of the team follows. Firstly, This makes it impossible to pick up items with your team members. Inventory space is very limited so most items end up being send to your storage (no longer accessable during the mission). Secondly, the protagonist is always the one to open the door to an unexplored area. And thus ends up taking the first shots (and grenades and spells) from the enemies as the turn based combat begins. Not every protagonist is tough as nails. The second flaw can be worked around by spending points on Body (toughness) or getting heavier armor, but it's still bad game design, especially since the combat it advertised as tactical, but you can't arrange your team to a position in advance."
76561198032110220,Recommended,300550,26154000,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,danp132,Shadowrun Dragonfall and Hong kong are among the best rpgs to come out for a long time. They both can compare with even the lauded Obsidian games. And for me a real hiden jem that I wish I had tried sooner.
,Recommended,300550,19930923,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nicholas,"I thought Shadowrun: Returns was an impressive game, but Dragonfall makes it look like a mere proof of concept.Combining an outstanding plot, a remarkable amount of content (much of which is easily missed), multiple ways to solve quests (particularly non-violent solutions, given that combat awards neither experience nor loot), memorable characters, distinct differences in character builds and solid mechanics, this is one of the best RPGs I've played,It's not flawless - loading times are slow, some mechanics are poorly explained and there are lingering bugs, but every great RPG has a few rough edges.This is a game well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,300550,18363177,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Collieflower,"This seems to be the best currently available Shadowrun game you can play at the moment, including Hong Kong. If you like Cyberpunkish stuff, Shadowrun, and tactical turn based games a little in the X-Com style, here you are. Some of the player content created for it is okay, but nothing exceptionally stand out yet. I'd suggest you wait for it to go on sale unless you got a big hankering for Shadowrun."
,Recommended,300550,21029940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"Good old Germany! Aging Tattood men, ice cold metal women and Trolls. They really got Berlin down.4/4 Hacks"
,Not Recommended,300550,21153002,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Freeinternet,"I was disappointed with this entry. I am a big fan of the older Genesis game and hoping that I'd get to explore a city and go on many shadowruns like the Genesis game. Instead I ended up getting put onto an on-rails story in which I often ended up in a hub world where your base it located at, do your shopping, then get transported out for what ever run selection you are given. While I like the moral choices within the runs there just weren't a lot of them. You go through them quickly and then you are thrown into the end game. I personally lost motivation to continue on knowing that I have to storm the final base and my character isn't decked out in any cool cyberware because the game doesn't allow you to do so. What is even more irksome is when you can see other characters with certain cyberware you are unable to obtain.Shadowrun Dragon Fall is just a very restrictive game in how you progress, when you can progress, and how you can develop your character.If you want a turn based strategy game with some character building and some good characters then this game will itch that scratch, but if you wanted more of a RPG experience then Dragon Fall cannot fulfill it."
76561198017636421,Recommended,300550,14055690,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Zillu,"10 / 10 most awesome turn-based combat RPG out there.Every choice in dialogue you make impacts the story, lots of quests and decisions to make, speaking with your team-mates unlocks more missions.You can decide to be a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, or help others for karma instead of money.And the twists ??This game is unbelieveably epic!Not going to do a pros / cons list because everything about it is nice and there is nothing wrong with it!"
,Recommended,300550,19535579,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Wisak,"Only played the first 2 missions and I already love it. The setting, the gameplay and specially how well is written! If you played the first Shadowrun, you gotta love this one."
,Recommended,300550,28487627,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bohican,"This is really an amazing game. I've owned it for over a year, and started it up and made a new character with different builds more then a few times, and only saw the first few missions in the game trying them out before stopping again.Just recently came back to it and decided to finish it, and that is something I recommend everyone interested in the Shadowrun Universe to do, play it through all the way to completion, the end and everything leading up to it really ramps up and plays out amazingly.There are almost infinite options for how to play the game and where you end up based on the full range of Shadowrun stats and character build options, cyberware, spells, consumables, team story lines, team upgrade options, team mate choices.The biggest thing that stood out to me with Dragonfall is just how many really huge choices you have to make in the story arc, that have really different impacts on the way it plays out. There are a few really big choices in the game that had me legitimately needing to decide what my characters feelings and point of view on that would be and what they would want out of it, because they aren't good and evil, they aren't right and wrong, they are all gray and may be good for some people or bad for others. I love RPGs but I am normally all about stats and loot and building a great fighter, not caring as much about the characters perspective, but this game really engages you in actually thinking about your character from that angle in your choices.I really enjoyed all the different ways you have access to overcome different fights or challenges, through charisma, or etiquette, spellcasting or strength, viewing things in the astral plane, or using the matrix and hacking to bypass things.It is a lot of reading, but well worth it IMO, it does a great job of making you WANT to know the answers to the questions you have, you really feel invested in it by the end and there are some crazy turns you don't see coming but make you even more interested and needing to know more, and I think some of the conversations near the end of the game are insanely deep, with many branching options that are very fulfilling and don't leave you feeling pigeon-holed or wanting, and let you talk your way out of things, and don't leave you feeling like it didn't matter either way which most games with choices do.Would 100% recommend to anyone interested in great stories, deep stat/character build RPGs, tactical/turn based combat, Elves, Dwarves, Orks, Trolls, Dragons, Magic, Martial Arts, Sniping, Grenade Launchers, Shotguns, Futuristic, Hacking, Cyberdecks, and all the other cyberpunk goodness of the 6th world."
,Recommended,300550,16037212,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Nullzero,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall improves in its predecessor in every way. Better story, better writing, better interface, better character and skill progression.It's like like a well written choose-your-own adventure book, with a slightly simpler X-Com style combat system. Every mission is a new environment to explore, and is filled with a narrative text that let's your imagination build on top of the gloomy magic-tech-future that the game's artists have hand painted.On top of the rich world, every character has a colorful backstory worth exploring. After a hard fought mission, the first thing I would look forward to was going back to the central town, and talking to my team members and the city citizens to learn more about their characters.Although not as deep a combat system as X-Com, it scratches all the right itches for giving a rewarding, strategy combat experience. I recommend playing on Hard mode, as Normal mode is more of a casual experience. Whichever you choose, enemies intelligently use cover, toss grenades at bunched up teammates, and use their abilities to maximum effectiveness. I had to restart maybe 2 or 3 fights on Hard-Mode throughout the game, but had so many well won victories to show for my effort, I didn't mind the occasional mulligan.Shadowrun: Dragonfall is the perfect weekend killer, and will tempt you to come back for a second playthrough, just to see how it all turns out. Highly recommended."
76561197988375928,Recommended,300550,14630076,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Chrispy Torius,Better than the original shadowrun. The improvements to the gui alone makes this worth the money. Highly recommended
76561197962098009,Recommended,300550,14119913,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Renalis,"A great follow up to Deadman's Switch (the original Shadowrun Returns campaign) Hairbrained Schemes (HBS) once again delivers!  Another well thought out plot that is arguably better than the first.  More emphasis on the runners (party members) that you keep around as part of your close-knit team and that's ok with me!  It realy allowed for a feeling of comradery.  Another 15(ish) hour campaign, coupled with UI, combat, balance and other various improvements, HBS knocked another one out of the park.  I simply cannot wait for their next installment in the Shadowrun universe."
76561197965396869,Recommended,300550,15712459,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Macdallan,"This has turn based combat and definitely has the right Shadowrun look and feel.  Oh and Dragons.  <--- not a spoiler, it's in the frickin' title.If you like turn based role playing games, and/or are a Shadowrun fan - you may enjoy this game so... read on then go buy it.Caveat: I'm not quite finished the storyline yet.  It's been a pretty fun game so far.  I'll finish it up someday.  Honest.  I'm at the end of Shadow of Mordor and haven't finished that yet either.  It'll happen someday.So, Dragonfall.  I find it feels a lot like the pen and paper Shadowrun game I used to play.  I plan on going through at least part of the storyline again.  When I do I'll be re-making one of my tabletop characters just to see if I can get the character to turn out the way the pen and paper version did.  Not sure if it'll work, but just thinking about it brings back memories of the players, and characters, from that particular game.  This game gets a +1 just for makin' me all nostalgic.When I started Dragonfall I kind of had the plan to make a non-cyberware based street samurai, but I wound up making a mage who also uses pistols and was quite pleased at how it turned out.  The team you run with is fun, overall, and you get to choose who you bring with you.  That can significantly change how you approach some parts of certain levels.  With one character you can send a drone through air ducts to flank an enemy but wIth another you can hang back, bait the enemy in and snipe them.I really like how they incorporated the matrix runs for deckers.  In the table-top game it was tedious for four or five players to sit there watching someone do a run becuase a decker could do so many actions in a combat round while jacked in.  In this game the decker gets a couple turns of cyber-combat then the game goes back to the action in the physical world.  I personally thing it was handled really well, and it's fun.  I'd usually try to do the cyber-combat without using any support programs, but sometimes using them just made a decking run way, way easier.Stats are represented well, and each skill seems to be useful, even etiquettes can sometimes significantly change the way parts of the game turn out.  That and not having the proper etiquette makes you sometimes frown because instead of that additional intelligence of body point you COULD have bought Corporate Etiquette and talked your way around a fight, or tricked someone into letting you bypass a security door.  It's wonderful to have the option.Combat and cover mechanics are handled fairly well, too.  The stun grenades got annoying at times, but it adds another element to the combat and makes you really watch your positions.  If you spread out just enough you can avoid multiple characters being hit by grenades.  The weapon variety is okay, and you can ""lend"" weapons to your team-mates on a per-run basis if they have a spare slot.  This was a nice addition and opens up more combat options.  I never felt like I had to give anyone a weapon, though, as each character is competent.  You also get to make choices for the NPCs in your team when they level up, the game doesn't arbitrarily assign their skill choices.As always, get it on sale if you're not sure but this one is worth the full price, if for nothing else to simply support the Devs. who I think have done a great job bringing Shadowrun up to speed."
76561198005158563,Recommended,300550,33660938,Posted: 19 July,all,Nightwing,"The Story starts with the same vibe of Dead man's switch, but what makes Dragonfall much better is the variety of decision you are able to make compared to DMS. Definately worth a playthrough!"
76561198007583969,Recommended,300550,16100706,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lucius,"MUCH MUCH better than Shadowrun returns. You STILL dont have a looting system, but you can buy all sorts of weapons and cyberware.GREAT turn-based game with a lot of depth in story.Hong Kong will most likely be even better as the devs keep getting  better and better with each release."
76561198102776288,Recommended,300550,20369798,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Fauxesune,"I've now played three installments of the Shadowrun series; the original, Hong Kong, and now Dragonfall.The first two I devoured immediately. I played all the way through the campaign in a day or two. Dragonfall I did not.The start of this game is incredibly aggravating. From an RNG that I swear lies (I couldn't tell you how many times I missed a 99%, it was a lot though) to several missions which seem designed to tick the player off coming at you immmediately this game is hard to break into. Not only that but I do believe that it is the longest of the three campaigns produced. My first few attempts to play this game? I stopped. I lost interest. This game is frustrating and at times very intentionally so.With that said it does have strong redeeming qualities. Many of the characters are the best I've seen in the series and the ideas they all possess are strong and unique in their many faceted ways. Not only that but the ultimate payout of the plot is immensely satisfactory and you are given choices that you know will have a huge impact upon the world.If you want a great story in the Shadowrun setting, this game is definitely a keeper. However if you're in it for basic gameplay and don't care as much for the story itself turn away from this game immediately.There are no milk runs, Shadowrunner."
,Recommended,300550,20874591,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Niamh,"Shadowrun-Dragonfall is a turn-based science-fantasy RPG which improves on its predecessor in every aspect of the game.If you are not averse to a lot of reading, as this game is heavily packed in narrative presented in a read-it-yourself format and like fantasy settings mixed with a bit of cyberpunk, then do yourself a favor and get this game ASAP, as it is a 10/10 title.Multiple endings, multitude of options to direct your self-created character via a desired development path, choices with consequences, all accompanied by a sweet and beautiful graphics reminiscent of the classics.Now, to go a bit more into details.Story:Really good and immersive, even though the ending mixes up needlessly cryptic dialogues for the sake of it.Definitely the strongest feature of this game, the story, although not a direct continuation of the previous storyline, puts you again in the shoes of a shadowrunner, who ends up being involved in something bigger than bargained for.Some elements tie into the overall plot better than the others, with the spotlight given more tangibly to the famed Dragons from the previous game, but, with the exception of couple of dialogues cryptic for the sake of it, make up a coherent and plausible world (at least to this universe).The choices you make starting from the class you choose open up various options in dialogues, with some choices opening up different ending possibilities, but the game does a great job of not bombing you with ramifications of your choices straight away.Almost every choice matters in the end, allowing for the creation of a solid main character of your own choosing.Companions are well crafted, some sideline characters are nicely intertwined into the main story which does make feel the world even more coherent and the presence and actions of your character that much more impactful.It is definitely longer than Shadowrun Returns, but it does not feel like it is needlessly dragging out, because what your character does in the game, is given enough purpose and ties into the main plot that it keeps you occupied and engaged.Gameplay:Turn-based at its finest, with custom-made main character of chosen race and class which furthers the immersion in the story.It is a turn-based game where each actions take a designated amount of points from the total your character has each round. Even though, the fights rarely feel like they drag too long.The system itself rewards you for a thought-through actions and punishes you if you don't take a second to actually learn it. It is not the most convoluted system, though, so it does not take that long to get it.There are multiple races to choose from, which do not limit your choice of classes you can pick, but have an impact on how far you will be able to push a certain class—some are better suited for ones than the others (Elves can push Summoning/Conjuring the farthest, but end up with the least amount of health in the end).There are a couple of classes to choose from, but you can mix and match those as you play.The options to choose from all seem valid and offer enough incentive to get immersed in them. And there is a little twist with cybernetics and how it affects magic which must be taken into account while playing, which, alongside the possibility of multiple endings, adds to the game's re-playability potential.Graphics:A modern take on classics with beautifully crafted environments and attention to detail that is impossible not to appreciate, once you're hooked.The graphics take some getting used to, as they are heavily inspired by the games of old. At a first glance it might feel not detailed or high-quality, but, once you get over the initial ""dated"" feeling, you will notice that the environments and characters have a lot of details to them, the settings make sense story-wise and, overall, it breathes a lot of fresh air to the otherwise nostalgia.It looks good and, in the end, you love it like the AAA titles which forgets that amazeballs graphics are not everything.Of course, nowadays, amazing storyline is no excuse to s ♥♥♥♥♥♥ y graphics as well, thankfully, the developers had a vision for this picture-esque esthetics and it shows.My only beef with this game is that spells, at least the projectile ones, feel too similar to one another and blend in with standard firearms, in the end.The higher tier spells are barely different than their low tier equivalents and not that different from normal bullets.Of course, to each their own, but I like some splendor and flare with my mages, thank you. Mind you, I still loved every single bit of my Sorcerer Elf, I just wish his magic showed a bit more, at least during the fighting bits.Haven't played Hong Kong yet, but I hope that has been addressed, to some extent.All in all, I invite you all to give this game a try – I loved it and will definitely replay it a couple of times."
,Recommended,300550,21574066,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Combat Keyboard,"You should buy this game. Shadowrun: Dragonfall captivated me for a very long time, drawing most of its background from the Shadowrun pen and paper RPG. It takes place in a very cool setting, a setting in which magic, high-tech enhancements, and guns are all thrown into the mix.You want to play a troll that got all of his limbs replaced and blows up people to bits with a grenade launcher? You got it. A tiny dwarf that feeds off of spiritual energy and summons spirits that will wreck other peoples day? Yep. A sassy Elf that spent all of his credits on a new deck for hacking and can tear down an entire computer system? That's my usual character build.Almost every mission can be tackled in varying ways. You can talk your way out of a lot of situations, be it through bribery, charisma, or some simple trickery. There have been missions where you've been tasked out to silently infiltrate a place, and you know, you don't automatically fail it if you bugger it up and decide to go hot. The game has consequences that aren't stupid or ham-fisted, just reasonable.Two other things that I absolutely loved were the story and the characters. The story is a classic Shadowrun tale, which if you're new to things, involves deeper elements as you progress through the campaign. While this is a MINOR SPOILER ALERT concerning the start of the game, the whole course of events is kicked off once you and your group of Shadowrunners partake in a run gone wrong. Walking away just barely alive with a dead party member and your tail between your legs, its on you all to figure out who set you up. What follows afterwards is just awesome.Oh, right, the characters. They will draw you in. Take the time to read what they're telling you and do their side missions. I was trying initially to just blaze through the game, but it quickly sucked me in and I was talking to virtually every single NPC that I could talk to. From a troll thats trying to forget her botched military career, to a ""damaged goods"" street samurai that quickly captures your heart, the game's characters (both small and large) made me feel for them.Ah, and the gameplay. It's a tactical, turn-based strategy game of sorts. It's not hard to figure out how to do everything, and you'll find that most builds will offer something to the table in terms of combat. I enjoyed it, and its easily one of those games that you can sit back, crack open a cold one (or some wine if you're anything like myself), and enjoy getting a buzz while you blast some unfortunate soul with a combination of acid and bullets.Remember runners, shoot straight, conserve ammo, and never, ever, make a deal with a Dragon."
,Recommended,300550,21067984,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zunami,"Note: Pretty much a copy paste from my review of Shadowrun Returns.Rating: 7/10Budget: Worth it.Replayability: Low - The story doesn't change enough to warrant an additional playthrough.Length: Good - Custom missions too.Shadowrun Dragonfall is an expansion for Shadowrun Returns that was turned into a separate game.It's better than than Shadowrun Returns, I personally think. Better system, better graphics, cooler story if you ask me.I have a few issues with it.You have to pick a playstyle extremely early in the game, and it's very difficult to know what is the right choice for you - Especially seeing as you have no way of controlling what classes your companions in the game will have.This is actually a much bigger problem than one might initially think.I tried going for a non-combat build, actually. I wanted to be the ""face"" of my party, but have my goons fight for me. Didn't work out - impossible to play this way. You HAVE to be able to fight SOMEHOW, so this was a letdown for me.Especially considering how much of the game you can actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t your way through later on.It's also fairly easy to make a character who is simply so good at fighitng that you can kill everything the game ever sends your direction. The games combat system is a bit rough and while a good translation from actual shadowrun, there's a reason that system is a bit of a cult novelty - It's just very rough in general.Over-all good game, but read a guide or something to save some frustrations."
,Recommended,300550,22871391,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bumblebugbee3,"ShadowRun: DragonFall is a wonderful blend of great storytelling and rewarding combat.  What makes this game so great however is how all these greats parts come together to form a incredibly immersive experience.  You can tell that everyone who worked on this game was very passionate about making sure this would be the best possible experience.  That isn't to say the game is perfect but it is damn close.  Fans of well-crafted stories and those who enjoy tactical rpgs will all find something to love about this game.The world of ShadowRun feels so believable; the culture and the characters of the world are very consistent.  On top of that, the choices you make, both in conversation and decision making, help concrete your sense of presence in the world.  Will you storm in guns blazing, sneak past security, or talk you're way out of trouble.  You have a handful of different classes and races to play as which all utilize very different tactics.  You have mages that rely on spells, street-samurai that need to get up close and personal, and deckers who have the ability to control drones and hack into security.ShadowRun uses a turn-based tactical combat system.  You have a wide top-down view of your characters and the environments they pass through.  You can only see as far as you characters and the more distance between you and your enemies the harder they will be to hit.  You can however increase you stats to help increase your accuracy along with a multitude of options to boost charisma, intelligence, defensive, and other attributes.  You also have a vast array of skills that you can use to both inflict damage, weaken enemies, or heal and protect your allies.Soon after you start a new game one of your teammates is killed and you decide to investigate and hunt down the party responsible.  In the process you have to convince you allies to cooperate with you and get everyone on your team to share your vision.  All the main characters have very different personalities and react very differently depending on how you engage with them.  Over time you really start to feel like you really know the characters and have an idea of how they'll behave under different conditions.  What I find especially interesting in this game is how many of the elements of the story that seem to be isolated events all manage to start to tie in together as you get close to the conclusion.I was honestly surprised by how good this game was.  The graphics are gorgeous, the story is immersive, and the combat is just the right level of challenging.  Its a deep RPG that will require quite a bit of investment in time and thought but its well worth it.  The though choices and scenarios are very rewarding once you see them through.  I was pleasantly surprised by how long the game was and even after finishing I was very tempted to jump right back in try approaching things in a different way.  In the meantime I will look forward to playing the other entries in the series and will continue to reflect back on the good times I had playing through this magnificent adventure."
76561198030793851,Recommended,300550,22978522,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Blackdrive,"Skeptical at first, I decided to try it at a reduced cost.  I was not disappointed.  While it's not flashy like many new games, it has wonderful character art, and the writing is great.  I *did* find myself occasional skimming some of the readable content on files I came across, but I always paid careful attention to dialogue.  There, every choice I made mattered, in a way I haven't felt in a long time.I was able to advance quite far in the game, so character development was satisfying, but I wasn't a good in the end.  I'd say it can be quite the challenging game, but not *too* challenging.  For this game, I was interested in a relaxing ""dungeon explorer"" game with a good story to fill my time between table-top roleplaying games that were in a lull.  I got what I wanted out of the ""normal mode.""  Even then I still failed and had to reload on occasion, although my character was far from optimized.  Generally I play such games (all games really) on the hardest mode possible, and this game would no doubt be quite vicious on that.  It would require optimizing the character.  FYI - I played a face character with amazing charisma who acted as a decent shaman.  Mid-game I picked up conjuring, which eventually got quite high.  I threw a variety of points into other things to round myself out for roleplaying purposes (Int, Willpower, Rifle).  I'd definitely recommend picking up a high Charisma still, as it gives etiquettes which in turn allow special dialogue options that both helped and increased the richness of the story.The stories were classic Shadowrun stories, full of grit and backstabbing, secret organizations and fairly mature content done in a suitably mature way.  An all-round pleasure.  While short, the game oozes flavor out of its isometric rpg self.  Wasteland 2 was not quite so flavorful (while longer and very good in dialogue)."
76561198072163403,Recommended,300550,22195299,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,balthatczar,"A very fine game, thats until... for me at least you hit the Apex rising mission when random UI freezes and an inability to save your progress make it impossible to get through there. Fortunately this is near the end of the game. Still especially with a story driven game like this it is  much like watching a movie in the cinema and getting kicked out, just when you're about to grab a last handful of popcorn and empty your bottle of Coke so to really turn your attention to all the loose ends getting connected on that giant enticing screen in one's purview.I've attempted to have my purchase refunded by Steam, but simply because this bug only presents itself about 25 hours into the game which far exceeds the 2 hour maximum to be eligble for a refund you might want to save yourself the effort. Searching Google I've found several threads and posts describing this same issue dating back as far as 2014 and apparently the developer see no reason to try to fix this or at least notify prospective buyers. Contacting the developer directly has... so far yielded no results.It would behoove the developer or the distributer... any of which, to provide buyers that have to deal with these problems a refund or perhaps trade it for one of two other Shadowrun titles. That... I'm sure would more than make up for any difficulties encountered in this particular instance of the Shadowrun franchise."
76561197971064188,Recommended,300550,21209007,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[N7]gphoenix51,"Dragonfall is the bigger, badder cousin of Returns. The storyline is much more in depth, the interactions between your team members is much more important and can effect how the game plays out. If you liked Shadowrun Returns, then Dragonfall is for you."
,Recommended,300550,21382988,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Aeshi,"Shadowrun Dragonfall is pretty much Shadowrun Returns, but better. Better characters, better story and better length (Returns/DMS was about 15-16 hours long, Dragonfall is about 21-24 hours depending on how much side content you do.)BUT in the process it's also become a lot buggier. On more than one occasion I found myself having to reload because a keypad or door became un-interactable or an important NPC refused to spawn. And while I was lucky enough to not experience it myself, apparently one mission in particular is notorious for glitching into an unwinnable state.It wasn't an deal-breaker for me, but if that turns you away then I don't blame you."
,Recommended,300550,21448251,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Naughtius_Maximus,Really nice turn based XCOM style game. Avoid if you like skipping text because there's tons of it and that's what makes it especially nice!
,Recommended,300550,21414947,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jukettaja,"By far my absolute favourite Shadowrun game by Harebrained Schemes Production. It has a story that kicks off with a bang, keeps you enthralled the entire way through and ends with a satisfying finale. Though the missions are linear they offer plenty of ways to approach any given situation from violent to nonviolent options, which often leave you feeling like a true badass upon their conclusion.All of that said, a word of caution: if you do not enjoy reading, do not buy this game. There are no cutscenes. There is no voice acting. Only excellent writing."
,Recommended,300550,21312256,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Juma,"Really nice game. Turn Based RPG game in which your decisions affects some things in the game. The dialogs and the script are very good, it feels as if I was reading a good novel."
,Recommended,300550,21368825,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fabulasator,I really enjoyed this game. It was a great video game representation of the Shadowrun universe. The story was engaging and the combat system was a lot of fun. I think I got my money's worth in terms of dollars to hours spent enjoying the game!
,Recommended,300550,18181129,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,beleester,"An RPG with compelling characters and some interesting moral choices.  It somewhat reminds me of Mass Effect 2 in structure - they give you a loose overarching goal (involving a dragon, naturally), and the real meat is in the sidequests you follow as you work towards that goal.  It even has ME2-style loyalty missions for each member of the team.  I really like the team of runners they give you, as well as the setting of the German F-State.Gameplay is also improved a bit over Shadowrun Returns.  The interface is a little less clunky, combat has been tweaked a bit, and there are more opportunities for Deckers and Shamans to do their thing."
76561198076137724,Recommended,300550,18477567,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Jona,"It's the game you can play while you are waiting for THE GAME to be released or going on sale. It's not a 10/10 game, but 7-8/10.Often I loose interest in many games before the end and therefore I leave them undone. I ended this one. Why? Not because the fights was that exciting - not because of stunning graphics. No, it was because of the devotion and enthusiasm the people who made this game had attached to the work - a lot of heart. Not least in the writings.A lot of computer game compagnies could learn a lot from the spirit behind this game."
76561198006512767,Recommended,300550,20390058,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,PFC Kazarossian [3rd ID],"One of the best storylines I've had the pleasure of playing in very long time. Interesting companion side stories, very grey and ambiguous decisions to make, amazing writing, and multiple endings where your decisons actually have meaning. I took my time with this one and put in around 30 hours on my first play through. All in all, very satisfying and entertaining."
,Recommended,300550,20361822,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lil Ass Boi,Very fun and immersive but this game has some game breaking bugs. A few times I ran into bugs that would not let me complete a mission and I had to restart or do something different completely to procede. It also murdered my eyes. I highly recommend lowering the resolution by a lot or your eyes will be burning.
76561198030209148,Recommended,300550,20503288,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,True_voltedge,Wonderful game. Truely captures the essance of dystopia future fantasy that is the shadowrun francise
,Recommended,300550,18346205,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Leaf,"After playing through Hong Kong, then returning to Dragonfall, it's pretty clear just how much of an improvement Hong Kong is. Gameplay feels more limited in DF. Especially if you're running as a street samurai, Hong Kong has so much more cyberware available. The Matrix also isn't that different from IRL combat, and the dialogue options when interacting with your team feel a lot more limited.The story sure as hell holds up though. The added missions with the director's cut are also fantastic.I first played this game when it was DLC for Shadowrun Returns. Then I went and replayed it only a year later so I could check out the added content the director's cut added. This is one of my favorite RPG's of all time. ♥♥♥♥ yes, I'm gonna reccomend it."
76561198039063108,Recommended,300550,18373221,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,StarmanRJK,I think this game is fantastic! I have played through it twice and have written a review for it -https://xenoearthbound.wordpress.com/
76561198067989354,Recommended,300550,18389162,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pinocchio_7,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. Great story, satisfying character progression, and a good time all around."
76561198096914085,Recommended,300550,18227654,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,pharcyde489,"HBS did it again. I just finished this adventure, and look forward to the Hong Kong chapter. You just may have gained a supporter for the life of this franchise."
,Recommended,300550,28804209,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fab Mariani,"Loved it for the character/squad progression. It's basically why I play squad-based rpgs: team-building and team-bonding through a good story. The game nicely delivers on that front.The story is very decent and this comes from someone who really doesn't like the Shadowrun universe much. It has a very nice build up, twists and revelations and some nice choices/dilemmas.Really well written, fun to play, very solid RPG. Was happy to complete the story but sad it was over."
,Recommended,300550,18782432,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ch0plol,Absolutely fantastic RPG / TBS
76561198262808216,Recommended,300550,34198092,Posted: 12 August,all,shane,Very happy with this game (enough to go out and by more of the collection). This reminds me of some of the old Shadowrun games I played.Pros:- Great setting- Great characters- Like the levelling system- Enjoy the storyline- I personally enjoy the retro feelCons:- A little on the easy side- Typical for this type of game the enemy AI isn't the best which is really what makes it easy. They need to work on target prioritization.
,Recommended,300550,26024466,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GhostZaplen,"This is a well written RPG with fun tactical combat, a world filled with characters that you care about, and most importantly it has a very good dog."
,Recommended,300550,34610569,Posted: 30 August,all,Unnecessary,"Was difficult to make up my mind whether to recommend this game or not. Let me explain myself shortly:+ very thorough and deep story;+ easy to play;+ addictive and kills time way too effectively;+ great soundtrack;+ actually if you're into TBS games and cyberpunk atmosphere there are not too many reasons not to play this game......except:- the game has some bug that makes it freeze during some battles and makes it impossible to save. Actually I didn't notice it before the notorious APEX mission as I didn't need to save too much before. It was after google-ing when I found that a lot of people had the same problem and it's not fixed even after 2 years. So what you need to do is to try to finish the whole mission without save-ing which is a little too much asked if you have not prepared for it.So in my opinion the game can be as good as it gets: brilliant, awesome etc., but after investing a good amount of time into some mission only for nothing makes it frustrating. I hope the bug will get fixed eventually, then the game will be nothing less than awesome.But as the game in general is really impressive and a lot of people did a great job on this, I decided to give it a thumbs up. Just remember to be careful with this save-ing issue and definitely google it to fully understand the case before you start more difficult missions that require more save-ing. Because there are some tricks how to still continue your adventure more or less normally."
76561197968901723,Recommended,300550,20232132,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Provectus,"I got it in the Winter sale for £2.19 - For that price, I can't recommend it enough, I reckon I actually spent 30 hours completing it (but it was left open several times while I wasn't playing), for the full price (£11) I'm not sure I'd feel like I got my moneys' worth, as there's not much content for that amount of money.It's got a massive amount of story and really is more focused on that than the actual fights/upgrades etc, not to say the other bits were poor, but this isn't the kind of game worth buying unless you enjoy a fair bit of reading... If you do, it's just like a good book - Difficult to put down. Good quality game, but I disliked how much focus there was around an early incident, that cast bit of a depressing shadow over the rest of the game, for me at least.I'd rate it a very solid 7/10, as I'm not a big fan of the story side as much as I am of the game side, for the intended target audience I reckon it's a tenuous 9/10."
,Recommended,300550,20274522,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,squashlingchaotic,"Top notch. Solid RPG, solid strategy."
76561198118884093,Recommended,300550,20274582,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheBard,"I just finished the game and it was an incredible experience. Over 25 hours for one run through while doing all of the side missions I could find and theres still more acheivements to unlock so I guess I'm going in for a second run.The turn based combat on the harder or even normal difficulty is strategic and fun as all hell. I have never had more fun in a game of this style. For those who get hooked into the story of games and the characters with in them there is alot of content. The writing is superb and the characters have personality that really shine, especially when staring death in the face. I fully recomend this game to strategy and story lovers."
,Recommended,300550,20275893,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Soupcan,Story is pretty solid and the mechanics are simple to grasp. A fun game if you are a fan of the tabletop verison.
76561197980592329,Recommended,300550,20199527,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,diplomatNSTAR,"Amazing game, great story!"
76561198078861574,Recommended,300550,20243852,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jmladd,I haven't left the house for two days and just finished my first play-through....I'm about to start my second.11/10
,Recommended,300550,35159416,Posted: 23 September,all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is, oh shock horror, set in the Shadowrun universe, which is a tabletop RPG setting. It's Cyberpunk meets magic, and it's actually a very compelling setting, if a bit dreary and hopeless. Dragonfall conveys the setting very well and has a very nice story, but gets marred by its gameplay.Storywise, you're a young shadowrunner (basically a criminal for hire) who recently rejoined with an old friend named Monika. Monika is the leader of a small team of runners, and also apparently the mother figure to an entire quarter of Berlin. (Berlin is run by organized anarchists now. The irony in that needn't be pointed out, I hope.) You're on what they refer to as a ""milk run"" (basically a contract that proclaims itself to be very simple; it never is) and Monika gets killed by the haunted machinery. And turns out there seems to be a long-dead dragon behind it. (Dragons are the corporate overlords of this future. But, like, they are also literal dragons, with wings and firebreath n♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a long story.) So now you're trying to figure out what is going on, avenge Monika, befriend the troll girl who hates you and get some really cool cybernetic implants.So that's the story. It does a good job of conveying the setting, even to a newcomer, and it takes some very interesting turns throughout. It's also not above having a few quirky episodes, as any RPG worth its harddrive space should. The characters are likable and with defined personalities, your hub is atmospheric, and it's all very downtrodden and horrible, so they got the atmosphere of Berlin down correctly. Now the only thing it needs to do is be fun to play!... Oh.Well, to be fair, it starts out being fun to play. For the first half of the game, the turnbased combat is engaging, entertaining and pretty reasonably paced. But somewhere around the halfway point, it reaches critical mass and becomes an utter chore. There's three reasons for that.1. It's sooooo ♥♥♥♥ing slow. When there's more than four enemies on screen, all doing their little actions and taking for-♥♥♥♥ing-ever to get anything done, it's already annoying. And when you then die and have to go through the whole bloody thing again and again, it becomes utterly nervewracking. A little ""Skip to your turn"" button wouldn't have gone amiss.2. It's formulaic. Seemingly every mission, no matter what it's about and how interesting it may have been, ends up having a shootout with the police in the end. It's predictable, and really not all too much in the SR spirit. What I would've given for a mission where instead of killing anyone, you have to get in and out without shedding blood and without a singular combat instance. And true, there are some encounters you can talk your way around, like for instance having a friendly chat with a janitor so she wouldn't punch the alarm, and some more minor instances. But inevitably, there's always a shootout with some gangers, or the Lone Stars (future police) or some giant scorpions. Your character's killcount ends up being in the hundreds, even if you try your hardest to avoid bloodshed.And lastly, especially in the last few stages, they REALLY go overboard with it. Fight your way through an entire office block full of police. Gun down hordes and hordes of drugged up communists and drones. Fight off tanky-as-♥♥♥♥ gargoyle statues, an entire cellar full of fire lizards and massive scorpions, and guess what, even MORE gangers. PACING is a nice word. This is the same problem I had with Planescape Torment's second half - too much samey combat with little to no breathing room inbetween and no way to avoid it. And again, SR isn't the kind of setting where you play a gun-totin' untouchable hero. Avoiding conflict is almost always preferrable. So making it a ♥♥♥♥ing horde shooter really misses the mark. It wouldn't be so bad if there were some more interesting unique boss encounters sprinkled in with everything else, but while there are certainly bosses and they are very good, there's just too much chorey combat inbetween it all. And you can't even overlevel yourself to the point of absurdity, because there's no avenues for grinding.So I'm torn on this. Story is excellend and definitely makes it a worthwhile product, but the combat just bugs me to no end. I'll get around to playing the other Shadowrun games too based on my enjoyment of this one, but I'm not looking forward to the combat in those either. Mabye I'll just cheat in a bunch of karma, overlevel myself to the point of absurdity and name my character Old Man Henderson."
,Recommended,300550,18774669,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Some of the best writing I've ever seen in a video game-Smart dialogue system - just because you have the skills and stats to use that dialogue option doesn't mean that option is a wise decision-Choices in early missions can affect later missions, giving more options later, or causing lasting problems-Several possible endings based entirely on your choices in-game-Every NPC is well-written, with entire character plots fleshed out even for the druggie on the street-Large variety of playstyles and character builds (dwarf chi swordsman OP)-Party NPCs have subplots, also with multiple endings-High replay valueCons:-No voice acting-Very text-reliant-No way to position units pre-combat; no, I don't want my squishy mage to be right in the sniper's scopes when I open this door-Interface can be slightly finnicky at times (not really a big issue)-Deckers exist to spend their AP opening doors so the rest of the party can shoot, unless a computer is nearby to hack-RNGesus giveth, and RNGesus taketh awayOverall:This is an amazing roleplaying game.  The tactical combat is deep and plays very differently depending on your character build and party makeup.  Every line of text is amazingly descriptive and the world is immersive.  The variety of endings, choices, skills, and fleshed out NPCs make this game highly replayable.  Furthermore, Harebrained seems to have learned from the first game.  Railroading happens much less, with much more freedom given to how missions are played and in what order.  The dialogue system has been put together much more cohesively.  No longer are there pointless etiquettes.  Some dialogues require you to have certain non-charisma based skills.  Sometimes items can open up new options.  Sometimes the unlocked options are wrong, and the right option requires no custom skill at all.  Harebrained did a fantastic job all around.Bottom Line:Absolutely recommend"
76561198058181397,Recommended,300550,20166045,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,foofercjc,"There are a number of things that this game has going for it. The main thing, of course, is that the game design is good. It implements the turn based system well, there are opportunities for different character builds that play differently, and depending on which teammates you choose the missions play out differently. Also of significance, it's true to the source material. Shadowrun is a very rich universe, and this game captures it well. I really like that it's set in Germany. Too many games are based in the country of origin (American games in the US, Japanese games in Japan), but this game took the Germany sourcebook and really ran with it. It was great to see what was happening in Europe in the Shadowrun universe.  The side quests with the different teammates are excellent. There are a couple of quibbles that I have. I'm not sure I like the Matrix/Decking... one of the troubles with it in the Shadowrun tabletop is that if you have a decker you end up with essentially a 1 on 1 between the decker and the storyteller, while the rest of the players sit there. This implementation of the system, when you switch in and out during the turn is undoubtedly the best that I've seen, but the underlying problem of sending one party member into a parallel combat/adventure from everyone else is still a bit awkward. Second, the story is a classic RPG set piece, many parts are on rails, and no matter what you do you're going the same place. Of course, the open world games that became common after this game was released have spoiled us all, but the fact remains that this game is telling a particular story. Fortunately for this game, the story is a good one, and I was glad to play through it. There are some significant choices at the end of the game that affect the ending you receive, which is pretty great. Overall, this game is worth playing, probably twice or three times at least to try out different character builds."
76561198007809340,Recommended,300550,22515228,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Synarite,"Great RPG with amazing depth and customisation, as well as some fantastic writing and character design. Strongly recommend."
76561198024989313,Recommended,300550,22579540,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Voncaster,"As of 2016, Shadowrun: Dragonfall is myfavoritegame I own on Steam.If you like RPGs, I'm fairly sure you will like Shadowrun: Dragonfall."
76561198053439954,Recommended,300550,17413460,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,It's not slander if it's written,"It's not surprising this got a separate release from Returns after the fact, because this game is good enough to stand as its own as a sequel. It's everything I liked about Returns AND everything I wanted and didn't get.The story's focused on your team as a whole more than on the player as an individual, and in all my tabletop experience that's been the point. If Returns was a sendup to the old school SNES and Genesis games, this is for the tabletop RPGers.Absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,300550,17978005,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tryptomine,"If you loved this game and also like MUDs, check out sindome dot org."
76561198006182430,Recommended,300550,20501127,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hyro,"Good game! Really enjoyed combat and the character creation.Only cons, very, very text heavy. I understand its a RPG and it does have a good story, just be aware your going to be clicking away for minutes at a time going through dialogue boxes through out this experience."
76561198006395100,Recommended,300550,12184088,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Lavian,"It's just Dragonfall better.What does this mean? Forget about Shadowrun Returns and get this. Dragonfall is a fantastic campaign that's even better now. There appear to be less bugs (I've not run into a particularly annoying, and thankfully rare, vision bug that existed when I played the original Dragonfall), and the new content is just a great as the old. There's very few things that could change my opinon for the worse at the point that I've gotten to.Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a good game. A really good one. It feels like a CRPG from over a decade ago, and I say that in the best way possible. It honestly feels like it could have been made by Troika, and I say that in both a good and bad way.What do I mean by ""both a good an a bad way""? Well, the game has some good writing, genuinely interesting characters, and a sold cobat system. The game also suffers from a few technical issues.When speaking of a the combat system, we're looking at a very XCOM esque sort of feel complete with grid-based movement and overwatch for helping to keep areas locked down. You'll likely often find yourself moving your characters from cover to cover while pushing forward and taking down enemies. The combat system works on a cooldown system for abilities, in which once an ability is used, it cannot be reused for X number of turns. All in all, the game actually offers satisfying tactical RPG experience complete with guns, magic, and swords.In terms of the technical issues, there's only a few I've noticed (or heard of), and that's if your screen isn't side enough, your HUD won't properly downsize to accomodate the lower resolution. Rather than getting smaller, it will display less skills, meaning if you have a full set of skills, you can't access them all (at least, to my knowledge). This means that even on an old SD monitor you have to use HD resolutions to be able to play the game well, even if this makes it look bad. Also, the UI seems to be a bit unresponsive when decking, so when I'm clicking around too fast (which is not fast at all by the way) I'll end up throwing out a regular attack when I mean to be using a special ability on an enemy. That's a small gripe though.Writing is... pretty subjective obviously, but I enjoyed it quite a bit. I really liked all of the characters, I found converstations interesting, I liked learning about the past of my companions, and I liked watching them grow as I continued to run with them. The chararacter aren't exactly super dynamic, as there'll never be huge changes in their personality, but still, as you converse with them, you can tell they're growing, which is actually more than I can say for quite a few other titles in the genre. The game also offers a number of choices in dialogue and otherwise, which allow you to influence the outcome of situations and the overall story. Aside from that, doing things one way over another may provide more karma (experience) or money.Seriously, the game is well worth giving a go (assuming it looks like the kind of game you'd be into of course)."
,Recommended,300550,12386238,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Humanity Front!,"This game is balls to the wall awesome. Plays like OG Fallout + Deus Ex. I played 10 hour straight the first day I got it, and went to work feeling like drek, and all I wanted was to jack in again. IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED?? Obviously it's not for everyone. 10/10 would nitro/bliss myself and float in the matrix, frag this meatspace. Sigularity soon, chummers. It's only like 15 US nuyen, just skip lunch."
,Recommended,300550,32870906,Posted: 27 June,all,Majistic,Even better than Shadowrun Returns!
76561198041962010,Recommended,300550,12783787,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Runner00,A good game with a great story.
76561198012148806,Recommended,300550,12790920,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Geriatrix,best oldschool story-telling cyberpunk RPG ever!
76561198076905510,Recommended,300550,12928651,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Darkest Response,"Old school Shadowrun Fan here, I have enjoyed playing Dragon Fall, it is a much more polished product than Dead Man's switch.  There are of course improvements that can be made as it is very linear and lacks an open-endedness that I was hoping for but the game as it is now is very enjoyable and engaging.  I hope that they continue to improve on the game and publishing more modules."
76561198001069063,Recommended,300550,13129250,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Harvey Dent [/r/gaymers],Miles head of Shadowrun Returns in both gameplay and writing. Highly recommend.
76561198003639158,Recommended,300550,13022861,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Goblin,"Awesome game. Harebrained took the essence from shadowrun (rpg) and made this game full of mistery, history and combat. The turn based system with cover its perfect for who likes strategy.I totally recommend this game. One of best rpg games I've played"
,Recommended,300550,13188418,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Complete Newwb,"This game was surprisingly the best buy i've made on this Steam Sales.This game is definitely must-have title for those who like games like Fallout 1 or 2. Even more for those, who played Shadowrun on paper.Combat is turn based so you must know this before you purchase the game. Not everyone like this style of gameplay nowadays. I really enjoyed every minute of playing this game. The character leveling system and the combat system remind me those times when me and my friends were sitting in a room with bunch of dices and were playing Shadowrun on paper.The graphics are comic-like and doesnt add any ""realism"" but i think it has a reason, cause it adds the game unique atmosphere, which i liked.There is nothing revolutionary in the story, in fact the story is pretty simple without any major twists. But completing the game took me 23 hours and i didnt even finished all available side quests. Plus there is quite a lot of custom community content which i didnt even tried.So for me its 9,5/10"
76561197997969120,Recommended,300550,13197498,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KwonWang,"Wonderful!Recommend to whom like the hardboiled cyberpunk genre.This ""Dragonfall"" is one of my favorite games, even though I cannot recommend its original, Shadowrun Returns."
76561198008592097,Recommended,300550,13185056,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Vladimir Beletsky,"A great game! Without a doubt deserves to be in line with roleplaying titles from Black Isle. It lacks in scale, dut doesn't lack in depth. I would recomend this game to anyone who is into oldschool RPG's. Personally I'm even considering to replay the game from the beginning."
76561197995407441,Recommended,300550,12970529,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MadBeardMan,"Rating 8/10.I've just finished this game and as a long time fan of Shadowrun (and running a Tabletop 4E game currently) I was a bit wary but took the plunge due to well, earlier SR games.Without going into walls of text, here's a brief pro/con list.  My con list might seem quite large but they're all pretty minor.ProsFeels like Shadowrun quite well - the detail in the world is very ShadowrunVery good story/stories (depending on how you go through the game)Simple Skill system - takes a while for you to work out, but in the end.Turn based solution with pretty good UI that's quick to pick up.Hacking UI is pretty good as well, quite interesting but too easy.ConsSkill system too simple in the end.Poor help, ie finding out what a point of Essence loss does to an Adept.Lack of real gear to choose from.No training mission that can teach you how to use your drugs/reload/cooldowns.Too much text to read at times, slows the game right down.Unable to equip your team with other weapons/gear.All in all worth playing folks, took me around 19.4 hours to finish it all (and I did all I think)The graphics aren't great but don't take away the shine from the game.  Same goes with sounds and music, not the best but work well enough and for an Indie game, top stuff really.So at £10.99 I can recommend, I did like it, liked it very much.Going forward I'd like to see:Voice overs for all text with text 'fed' to you, ie like subtitles rather than on a screen.More detailed Hacking UI and system, better programs etc.Larger maps.CheersMBM"
,Recommended,300550,19933844,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,truegerich,"After almost 2 decades (yes, I am an old man) I returned to Shadow run with Dragonfall. And after over 50 hours of game play I really want to hug everyone at HBS. No voice acting and no cuts scenes. Controlled by left click alone. Dragonfall does not need any of that. The story and characters are intriguing, the game play is relaxing but interesting and fun. And best of all: I can play it with one hand while my son sleeps in my other arm. Beat that, Fallout!"
,Recommended,300550,16663710,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vepar,"The sotry alone is worth the price on this, not to mention the improved combat mechanics, more items and an improved interface and pretty much everything compared to the original.Like Shadowrun Returns, there's no voice acting and a lot of reading involved but it's so well done that i found myself more immersed in it than any AAA title i played recently.Totally worth checking out, and if you're skeptical, get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,300550,16434927,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Smik,"BEST RPG YET==========I do not say this lightly.If you want a TRUE Role-Playing experience where your choices matter but NOT in a simplistic black & white morality way, where your choices have consequences instead of just choices of gear or faction reputation... if you miss the REAL Fallout 1 & 2...  well, this is the game to pick up.I thought the original Dragonfall was well worth the full price.  The combat is well thought out, the writing would be excellent on the scale of a novel, nevermind a video game, and it truly captures the greyscale morality of Shadowrun.And then... the Director's Cut came along.  All that greyscale goodness is intensified with more missions, more choices, and more decisions where you don't make the ""good"" choice, you make the choice you can live with.  Special mention goes to The Lodge which has been significantly expanded (and feels far more dire now) but also several character development elements now bring rewards ALA Planescape: Torment.Plus you can finally have a little more control over your team mates' development.  They'll always be weaker than a good build but now they're more rounded they don't have to depend on your player quite so much.A must-have for the mature RPG player who wants real meat and isn't afraid to do some old school reading yet still wants some beautiful artwork and excellent music to go along with it."
76561198021345592,Recommended,300550,16280129,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Eachna,"I love this game because it's _fun_, there's no other way to describe it. It's canonical where it has to be and flexible where the pen-and-paper rules don't fit a computer game. With the modding framework they released, the potential for unlimited content gives it a high replay value.My only irritation is that the interface was designed for both PCs and tablets. That's a pretty small quibble."
76561198042252043,Recommended,300550,20400980,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Grinser,"I'm still a bit torn on Shadowrun as a whole.If you're into cyberpunk stuff, this scratches that itch, that is for certain.There still are some technical issues that I am annoyed by that they haven't been fixed: it's not clear when you can save, sometimes you can, sometimes you can't, clicking to navigate to the correct spots is a bit fiddly sometimes. It has all the big warning signs of something that is also on mobile devices. But it's functional. Mostly.Storywise it's pretty good, you have a 4 person team with in depth background stories, including story related missions. The combination of cyberpunk and magic is still fun.In total if you're okay with turn based rpgs that rely on lots of reading you'll have some fun."
,Recommended,300550,20471612,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Livid Christ,"Straightforward, fun game with good writing and an intuitive combat system. Feels exactly like playing a tabletop Shadowrun module. Don't expect many bells and whistles -- this game doesn't aim to dazzle the player with Hollywood-style cinematics and hours of voice-overs. Not entirely unlike the old ""gold box"" D&D games, but far simpler, way pared down.This game is often on sale at Steam for 5 USD and less. It's easily, easily worth that, and it has a decent degree of replayability. I fell right into it the first time I started it up and have been happily playing it for about a month.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,300550,15966067,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ziplock9000,"Reminds me of old school games but without being tacky or too nostalgic. Fantastic game so far, even better considering it was a Kickstarter."
,Recommended,300550,13235263,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,LordMatsu,"As much as I love the turned based rpg games like the old xcoms, I just find it absurdly dumb to miss while you're holding a gun while within few feet of the person.  Yes, while not enough experience properly handling a gun may result in terrible accuracy, given the lives of the characters in the game, you would think they're more than capable of shooting someone in the open.  While, they are at a higher percentage to be shot, it's still not 100% which I find sometimes very dissatisfying especially when behind full cover, I still get hit lol.  While it is a game and there is luck involve, I find it frustrating.That doesn't stop me from however enjoying the game when I do finally get lucky and hit them.  It once took me 4 turns to take down one person because I would constantly miss, even around 70-80%.  Luckily, I was able to kill the few other people that were with her, but still the inconstancy will never cease to amaze me.If you love the cRPG genre, I suggest this game cause of it's similar and nostalgic feel to it, however, if you're just diving into the genre, be forewarn, RNGesus isn't kind to non-100%."
,Recommended,300550,12883347,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,kd7tck,My new favorite tactical RPG.
76561198016839744,Recommended,300550,13834776,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,Like the first one but Longer gameplay and new interesting story
,Recommended,300550,13865017,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zod,"A good tactical game, well made characters, good main story with good side-quests and everything wrapped with moral ambiguity, just the way i like."
76561198010923357,Recommended,300550,13891230,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Vinticore,"Knowing nothing about the Shadowrun universe, this turned out to be one of my favorite rpg's of all time! Got me really interested in knowing more about the source material.It's got a lot of freedom in how you want to play the game and what kind of a character you want to be, though the party costimisation is on the light side if you care about that, personally liked it."
,Recommended,300550,13891594,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,✪ GaNoN,"One of the best games i've played for a while. Amazing story rich RPG, turn based combat action. The game fuses both a futuristic tech based environment (cyber punk) with magic (shamanic and mage spells) and fantasy elements (Orc, trolls, elves...).Combat system is turn based, you need to take in account things like covering yourself and flanking.This game has a very dense and rich story so those people who don't like or want to read should avoid this game since they will miss all the interactive thriller experience.Many characters have a very deep emotional and psychological charge which will challenge you on how to deal with them.SexyTip: If you are a story addict like me, I recommend you creating an elf with mainly Charisma (more charisma = more etiquettes, more etiquettes = more chat options) and like 4-5 to all other main stats (Strengh, intelligence, quickness...)This type of char build will let you customize the story as much as possible.P.D: Set also decking to level 4-6 for further story tailoring."
76561198014702049,Recommended,300550,14335521,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lord Tommy,"This right here could easily be called the ""definitive version"" of Shadowrun Returns.  The improvements to the UI, combat system, and NPC growth are welcome additions, as well as the story being a much better tale than DeadMan's Switch, the campaign from vanilla Shadowrun Returns.Pros:All the good stuff about Shadowrun Returns is here and some improvements.  The UI is better, especially with options to upscale text size, which is great for guys like me that play my pc games on a big HDTV.Your team members also have individual levelling trees, which is great.  You have a little bit of control over their development.Cons:The environment is still a pain to navigate in when you hit a tight corner.  Often I try to move behind a crate only to missclick and end up walking around it to the wrong side, wasting action points.I'd like to see a better customization option for your team runners.  Ideally a total custom team building option, or at least class selection for them, because if I'm a decker, then I don't need a decker, that sort of thing, and some guy just sits around being useless.I may also be remembering this wrong, but I think the only team members you can choose abilities for are the core group, none of the hireable runners you can pick up, which makes those ones useless, because your teammembers will outpower them.Just a few nitpicks, it's a good game overall for people into turn based RPG's and that love that old school feel.Also, still gets a ++ in my book for being the only Shadowrun (digital) game with full selection of whatever race you want to play as to start.  Well, except a dragon :P"
,Recommended,300550,13820034,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JMobius,"Now here is a proper Shadowrun game.I got turned off Dead Man's Switch, the original campaign of Shadowrun Returns, as it felt a little bit t much like a traditional save-the-world RPG in structure. Dragonfall features a dramatic plotline in the background, but most of the game focuses on actual shadowruns, i.e., mercenary work against corporations. Dragonfall also features a considerably improved interface, and one of the few sets of permanent companions who I actually enjoyed to a man.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,300550,13915205,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Zor,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is the expansion to Shadowrun: Returns. And for the most part they share the same core mechanics, with Dragonfall having a few improvements to UI, party management, and overall level design. So if you didn't like Returns, than you are not going to like Dragonfall either.  On the other hand, if you only kind of enjoy Returns, or thought it was below average than you'll enjoy Dragonfall due to  its improvements.Dragonfall has a lot of the same things going for it that Returns had too. The story is a compelling tale of revenge with numerous subplots and character development. All of which is told through a lot of reading. The characters in your group and in the game's world have their own goals, personalities, and abilities.  All of which makes them feel more realistic and relatable. Lastly specialization matters in the game since there are numerous options in the game's environment and dialogue that can only be access by a character proficient in a certain skill or talent. And while some might look negatively on this as limiting gameplay, I found it to be a positive since it made character development feel like it matter beyond just picking combat skills.Dragonfall has a few things going against it, most of which were also in Returns. The game's camera has an isometric view that cannot be rotated, which limits what the user can see and how levels are design. And while this fits into their desire art style, that art style is kind of bad. There isn't a lot of detail being displayed, and most objects/npcs are unremarkable. This also affects the next problem which is the production value for the game. There is a lot of reading, and I mean a lot, like a hundred of pages of text. And for most of the game this is fine, but where I take exception to it is during important scenes like the ending. The lack of voice overs, and cut scenes during these important story segments makes the game feel cheap, and the scenes lack effectiveness.  It is the lack of effort on this mechanic that irritates me, I mean Fallout 2 (which came out in 1998) had cut-scenes, which were just a slide show with a voice over. So it wouldn't be difficult for them to do something similar if they wanted to. Lastly, I encounter a rather nasty bug in the game that I feel the need to pointed out, since it is seems to be common, and it is major. Near the end of the game, at numerous occasions, I lost the ability to move or command my characters. And as you can guess, this was game breaking. The only recover I found was to reload a manual save file. I don't think having an issue like this is acceptable, especially in a title that has been out for a while.Like I said at the top, Dragonfall isn't going to change your opinion on the Shadowrun series if you had a negative view of it before. But if you liked it or had mixed feelings about it than it might. It takes what worked in Returns and does them better."
,Recommended,300550,13379087,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"The Short:9/10Excellent game with a strong story, fun character customization, and a decent combat system. One of the few games I've been coming back to in order to see what's next (a rare thing for me, these days.)The Long:This story driven game is probably one of the best I've played in years. With a gripping story line, a sense of consequences for your actions (it reminds me a bit of Mass Effect trilogy, in this regard), and regular little rewards for the curious... it's turned out to be a very engrossing little game. (I'm on the last mission at around 32 hours of play time).No, the graphics aren't wiz-bang, chummers, but they do the job. The combat system is obviously based on a pen and paper system, your teammates are unique (as well as have their own personal stories), and you can build your character how you want to as you play through (with corresponding rewards and dialogue options being unlocked, depending on your skills). This game evolves around what so many current-generation games fail to think about: THE STORY.If you like a narrative focused games with good character developement, this is definately worth considering... ESPECIALLY if you catch it on Steam sale (I think I got it for like $3 U.S.).There is a recurring bugs that pops up (trying to move a character to a hex directly above a teammate's position is almost impossible) that is annoying, but the game has otherwise been stable, playable, and fun.I never really got into pen and paper RPGs, but I did read the rule books for a few (Shadowrun included), and enjoyed seeing aspects of that world brought to life.My biggest complaint? That you can't do local or online co-op or multiplayer. I greatly prefer playing games with friends. Maybe we'll see more of this in the future.Lastly... say ""hi"" to Knight-King Phil for me. I'd also encourage you to be nice to him if you meet him while running in the shadows ;)"
,Recommended,300550,13455375,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Machivelli,I've head people describe COD campaigns as movies where you get to really feel and control the action.  This game is book where you get to feel and control the action.  As an avid reader this game has really pulled me in!
76561198106182874,Recommended,300550,13644145,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sexy Carl Sagan,"Fantastic Game.Captures all the best parts of the Shadowrun universe, with gameplay reminiscent of Fallout 2 and X-com.The backgrounds and character profile pictures are really well done, with everything looking quite painterly.The story is a step up from Shadowrun Returns, with frequent opportunities to make difficult ethical choices. Nothing is black and white in The Sixth World.Would highly recommend to fans of cyberpunk, lovers of old-school isometric style RPGs, and tactical combat fans.9/10"
,Recommended,300550,13648947,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,FleetingInfinity,"This game truly captures the feeling of the environment and world a Shadowrunner lives in.   Right away you're thrown into the character and immediately able to choose how you fit into the world and communicate with the other characters in it.   The characters are all so unique and have deep and interestting stories that you can explore just by communicating with them.   The combat is fun and strategic as well, never overly easy especially toward the end.   There are some missions that can get near impossible if you mess up.   It's all a part of making you feel like you're a part of the universe though."
76561197960464650,Recommended,300550,13665596,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,h4t3,"nur wenn man x-com, jagged alliance damals mochte+shadow run fanboyism schadet sicherlich auch nichtganz im gegenteil MFG uawg"
,Recommended,300550,13739734,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Zhang Fei,"Everything Shadowrun Returns offered, Dragonfall does better. A must have!Not only the gameplay is wonderful (expanded with many more options like grenade launchers and even throwing knives!), but also the plot; it's amazingly well-written, and the characters are very deep and captivating. Now instead of hiring runners for each job, you get a full permanent party! <3I have absolutely no words to describe the utterly delightful experience of playing such an amazing game.The overall playing experience is wonderful - the ambience in Berlin, the wide array of skills, weapons and cyberware you have access to, the introduction of a permanent-yet-optional party instead of only mercenaries to go with you on missions, the WONDERFUL artwork and the classless system makes this rank as the best tactical RPG I ever played, tied with Final Fantasy Tactics (and believe me, coming from a old school Squaresoft fan, that's a lot).The psychological depth of the characters introduced in this game is lovely. From your party to the town NPCs to the people you meet throughout the game, all characters are richly constructed, to the extent that they feel _alive_ to the player. They have emotions; they laugh, they cry, they have a story. Character depth in this game reaches a new level.The music is amazing, too, but I would expect no less from the followup of Shadowrun Returns.I fell in love with this game as soon as I touched it, and loved it even more as I played it. It's a tactical RPG much plot heavier than you'd expect, but if you wanna skip the story and play it just for the action, you will find the experience no less fun. Of course, I'm a plot-lover, so I'd never do it, but people are different. Enjoy this masterpiece as you wish!TL;DRPLOT-HEAVY, BLOOD-SPILLING, CYBERPUNK VANGUARDRated 10/10BUY NOW! (or whenever there's a Steam Sale)"
,Recommended,300550,13799891,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Atlas,"Shadowrun Returns is a solid game.Dragonfall is a great--excellent even--game. This is your true to heart and classic CRPG. Good, solid turn based mechanics, varied character building, engaging and excellent narrative and storytelling, characters you grow attached to, and an immersive and expansive world.Dragonfall fixes pretty much all the problems with Shadowrun Returns.It's much less linear and the addition of a hub makes you feel much more connected to the game. You grow fond of your little community and the people who live within in.You are given choices in this game and even if they don't implicitly seem to matter in the long run, they matter morally to you and to your character. Roleplaying recommended.Permanant squadmates. With personal storyline quests and character development.An engaging plot that makes you feel more included in the world--that you are influencing the world around you and making changes for the better or the worse.Much better UI system. It's clearer what cover you're characters are in and what skills you have available.Skill checks that actually decide how you go about things. Don't have decking 3 to unlock the door? Is your strength high enough to kick it down? Is your charisma high enough to talk your way through sticky situations?A harder challenge than the too easy Shadowrun Returns. You have armor, flanking, and covering to work around.Dragonfall retains what made Shadowrun Returns so good: an immersive world, incredible storytelling driven by excellent and plentiful writing, and tangible characters. It takes what Shadowrun Returns did right, fixes its weak points and made everything better.If you liked Shadowrun Returns do yourself a favour and play Dragonfall. If you thought Shadowrun Returns was too linear or lacked a truely compelling plot gives Dragonfall a shot. If you haven't played Shadowrun Returns but like turn based RPGs and/or cyberpunk play Dragonfall over Shadowrun Returns (but I suggest you play Shadowrun Returns anyway). They're standalone titles.  If you hate reading and good storytelling stay far, far away from this game."
,Recommended,300550,13887044,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,PapBek,"A great story driven RPG, set in a cyberpunk future, that seamlessly meshes fantasy concepts with cyberpunk/technology. The old school isometric presentation combined with the beautiful artwork manages to perfectly recreate the Shadowrun universe.Dragonfall was originally created as DLC for Shadowrun Returns, which was already a very good and enjoyable game. The standalone version of dragonfall improves almost all aspects of the original game, like adding more weapons, cyberware and magic, adding regular modifiable companions and companion quests, and having an altogether more well rounded campaign. Therefore I would definitely recommend buying and playing this game first, and for more shadowrun play the original game as a kind of DLC to this version.So if you are not rebuked by turn based battles, a la XCOM: enemy unknown, and a lack of voice acting (there is a lot of reading to be done), this is a grandiose old school RPG adventure in a great cyberpunk setting that I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,300550,13933662,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ComradeCatfish,Brilliant - No other words can describe this game.
76561197997104984,Recommended,300550,14083208,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Boo the Hamster,"Great story and tactics, memorable companions and very good design overall. Must play for everyone, who loves RPG games."
,Recommended,300550,13760894,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Parry Dog,"Shadowrun Returns was a bit lof a letdown. It wasn't a bad game, it was an 'ok' game, where we expected something very good. For that reason, I avoided Dragonfall for a long time, even after the positive reviews.The wait was absolutely worth it. Dragonfall - Director's Cut is a fantastic rpg game. It's less linear than it's predecessor, the combat is more balanced. The story is exceptionally good, which is always very important in an rpg game. What makes it even better, is the fact that your decisions really matter, so the replay value is more than just rolling a different character.Also, huge kudos for the NPCs (well most of them anyway). You know that feeling from old rpg games, where you actually REALLY cared about your teammates? What their motivations are, what's their story, their plans? Dragonfall - Director's Cut absolutely delivers in that regard as well. (Oh Glory, wish it was a Bioware game... *wink*)"
76561197987959975,Recommended,300550,12703775,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,superspud001,Solid turn based rpg.  Try and play it without looking anything up at least once.  Lots of moments where your torn on choices
76561198030806214,Recommended,300550,12703840,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,weakinternet,1.Fun tactical combat with lots of options for play style and character customization.2.Interesting story.thumbs up.
76561198095144685,Recommended,300550,12704640,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Troublingdeclan,This game made me miss 3 days of class
76561197972863512,Recommended,300550,13212363,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Avaloni@,"Mood-setting begins early. In the very first minutes of story, the personal struggles of your shadowrunner and his/her friends (or frenemies) become deeply engrossing. Shadowrun: Dragonfall is everything an RPG should be: Full of flavour, good storyline and thrilling turned-based battles.There IS a learning curve, but it's worth the effort.4/5 will play endlessly!"
,Recommended,300550,13412224,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ensvey,"Awesome writing, plot really makes you want to keep playing. Lots of great dialog choices. The combat is fun too, although it's pretty easy once you get used to it (on Normal mode at least). No complaints!"
,Recommended,300550,13633190,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mulder,"Excellent game! Nice fights, purrrrfect atmosphere."
,Recommended,300550,30528344,Posted: 15 March,all,Da Killah Genius,"Final Fantasy Tactics meets The MatrixI played Shadowrun Returns 1st, I enjoyed it alot.  The game has alot of mysterious features with its RPG elements.  It doesn't really matter what difficulty you put the game on, Shadowrun relies on decision making.  If you make a bad choice, then the rest of the game or mission will be more harder than anticipated.  I love the combat system & character classes.  My personal favorite classes were Street Samurai, Shaman, and Weapon Specialist.  My favorite characters to use were Eiger & Glory.  However, the game always remains to have a fascinating storyline, regardless of what happens......10 outta 10 #Classic"
,Recommended,300550,12519575,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,asincock,"Never played the original, played 10 hours of Dragonfalll and this was a great addition. Awesome game, great story and a lot of fun!"
76561198035445033,Recommended,300550,13714121,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Arixson,"Too short, that's the only complaint I have."
,Recommended,300550,22696530,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ulyan Chesnokov,Great addon to original game!
,Recommended,300550,22782786,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Me Grimlock,"Great characters, great storyline and a very polished turn based combat, where you can still incorporate tactics and strategy. Very true to the intended atmosphere of Shadowrun."
76561198114120041,Recommended,300550,22780668,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,holgerdr,"great story, great game"
,Recommended,300550,21628582,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Karate Pistol Fist,"One of the best, if not THE best story I've ever experienced in a game."
76561197989202006,Recommended,300550,25381482,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mokra,lots of fun and playtime with a nice storyline that even makes ME read stuff ;)
76561197964866568,Recommended,300550,12251540,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a great game and an improvement on the base game. If the original Dead Man's switch left you with a feeling that something was missing - try this one.The campaign is more refined, focuses on team members and feels much more involving, giving a lot possible endings to be achieved.Great adventure, tactical combat and the world heavily influenced by Neuromancer novels.A must, if you like cyberpunk. Heavily recommended if you like tactical, turn based combat and classic RPGs."
,Recommended,300550,13889102,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Destiphiton,"Killer game. A bit linear, but each run offers you some choices about how to go about it. The shoot outs are fun and some of the choices presented can make you feel like a champion of justice or a money grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I like that.If you're a fan of sci-fi full of trolls and street docs, then get this game."
76561198004550633,Recommended,300550,12143344,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,GrandElemental,"Please note: I've played the original expansion for Shadowrun Returns, not the Director's Cut version. However, I imagine they are similar enough to write a reasonably accurate review.In short, this is one of the best modern day RPG's. A fantastic story, amazing turn-based combat system, great characters and real Shadowrun-atmosphere unlike in the original Dead Man's Switch campaign (here you actually do runs against different corporations and other enemy factions, many of them are optional). In the basegame (Dead Man's Switch), maps are linear and your character skills and stats are not utilized enough in dialogue, but in Dragonfall, both have been addressed incredibly well. There is also a nice variety of character interaction and optional side quests (you know, REAL side quests, not like thos in Dead Man's Switch).In many ways, this game reminds me of the games from the golden age of Bioware: Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Knights of the Old Republic and Jade Empire. It has similarly deep characters with interesting backstories and well thought-out story. But the setting here in the Shadowrun universe brings one unique spice to the mix: the morality is not as bland and dated as good vs. evil, but rather Witcher-like shades of gray.Then we have the epilogue section, which, while short, fills in some background information and specifics about the story and leaves the player off with an exceptionally satisfying solution - or solutions, there are choices that matter in the game!Couple words of criticism, though... While Dragonfall improves many aspects from the original Dead Man's Switch campaign, like adding a proper save system, side-quests, characters, shadowruns and story, the Matrix part is still just another combat system with little to no variety or difference to the ""real world"" combat. Luckily, there are now almost no compulsory hacking sections, so, while a bit dissappointed, I don't think this is a big deal. If you are looking for a Shadowrun game with an interesting hacking system, try the SEGA Genesis version of Shadowrun instead.Short story short: buy it, play it! If there is even a chance that you might enjoy a good old-stylish RPG mixed with modern day UI and mechanics or turn-based tactical combat game similar to XCOM:EU, I am almost certain you are going to enjoy this one thoroughly. To me, it left such a deep impression that I just can't put into words. I used to play the SEGA Genesis version of Shadowrun, and before I played this, it was hands-down the best implementation of the classic tabletop RPG. Now it has been dethroned by Dragonfall, easily.9/10, an instant classic and underappreciated RPG. Compared to mediocre Dead Man's Switch, this is a _huge_ improvement."
76561198120711020,Recommended,300550,13434935,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,n535,"This game is a masterpiece, so stop reading reviews an buy the game already, you wouldn't regret it."
76561198006489992,Recommended,300550,13966893,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"I can start with a nice, clear, simple statement:  Dragonfall is -awesome-.It's a great game, I thoroughly enjoyed it.The earlier Shadowrun title, ""Dead Man's Switch"" was a bit hit and miss for me.  I've never really liked retro-style graphics (c'mon people it's 2015), and I found the story to be overly linear -- but overall I enjoyed it, and would give it maybe a 7/10 .. not great, but worth my time.Imagine my surprise when I move on to Dragonfall and find it to be .. just wonderful.They made some small game improvements, but in essence it's the same game as the earlier title .. but the main difference is the writing.  Best I can do is analogise --Dead Man's Switch is to Dragonfall .. as The Hobbit is to The Lord of the Rings.Meaning a lesser (but still fun) work that came before a much grander work.The characters and situations in Dragonfall are just beautifully written.  They're just really well written, believable and their verbal and non-verbal exchanges are simply put - bloody great mate.I really thoroughly recommend Dragonfall, I gave it 9 out of 10 bronze jabberoos."
76561198037834509,Recommended,300550,13193569,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Old Timer,"Especially at discount the game is worth it.  It is a fun play through.  Just don't expect the world.Pros:Good weapon varietyGood skill varietyGood story lineGood turn based combatCommunity mods availableCons:Too much readingToo linear, no open worldCan't advance far enough to make skill system meaningful.Lots of waiting while next area loadsMight be replayable for some, but not for me"
76561198243896688,Recommended,300550,25815274,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kaelandros,"Steam's stupid system does not allow just to ""vote"", you have to comment as well. This is the comment.."
76561197960337918,Not Recommended,300550,20261395,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Farre,"It makes me sad to write a negative review as there are tons of stuff made right in this game. Overall combat and ""hacking"" are just so frustrating and simplified it kills the game for me. Playing this game is like reading a good book but as it is marketing as a video game I really wanted it to be like playing a great video game.pros:- well writen main story, companions and sidequests.- fantastic art style- dialogue has improved since Shadowrun: returns and is now actually interesting to read.- You can now decide the missions you wish to complete (major improve over SR:R)cons:- Combat: You want to make xcom-style combat but leave the best part (destructive environment) out of it? It won't work as covers can't be destoyed and you can't make alternative paths by destoying part of a wall off. Combat is really repetitive because now you just use the same  tactics over and over again.- Hacking is just more combat which is the worst part done in the game. Hacking would be much better if it just have some kind of infiltration minigame or pretty much anything but poorly exececuted figthing.- Character leveling is designed poorly as there are like max 2 skill trees you are ever going to use in whole game per character. You really can't feel any difference in your character after spending 40 karma points (kinda like talent points in this game).- Safe house theme and gun sounds are great but besides them sound world of this game is completely death. No voice acting, environment sounds, shady background music...- Reading dialogues is half a game so it's fair to ask font size to be readable: It's curently so small you really have to rest your eyes after 2 hours playing and there is no way to resize font in game.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
,Recommended,300550,16284888,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,TheGrandMaster®,"This is a great turn-based RPG, it is really worth putting the time into and paying attention to the well written 'dialogue'.Keep in mind that this is just my opinion..."
76561198088609935,Recommended,300550,22732423,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BravestColour,An AMAZING rpg. Story is so captivating!
,Recommended,300550,22757284,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,herbert.jeremy1980,"Girlfriend says i've been ""distant"" since I bought this game yesterday.This should change as I've just completed it, hopefully.7.5/10If you enjoy Wasteland2, or any of the isometric fallouts, this ones for you."
76561198092189058,Recommended,300550,31032480,Posted: 8 April,all,Tomato,Gave the crazy dancing girl some nuyen when i passed her directions. Doesn't give any advantage. Was just for roleplaying.Really hit me when she was gone after the whole place was attacked.I really bonded with my kiez. Good game!
76561198094529027,Recommended,300550,13062457,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Hasnen,The most playable Version of shadowrun games yet!! a must for all Rpg fans and shadowrunfans. :-)
,Recommended,300550,23106127,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,InVader,"Maaaaaaan.... decisions, decisions.I am not sure, but after reading up a bit, I may or may not have enslaved all of (meta)humanity to dragons. Either that, or as a result of my actions, all sapient life in the 6th world died.So yeah, this game is LIT!Don't buy it if you don't like reading. There's a LOT of reading. No voice-acting for any of the dialogue, not even narrator.Game itself is similar to X-Com, but in a near-future alternate universe, where around 2013 magic ""awakens"" in our world, so you've got both guns and traditional magic mixed together, which is a super rare setting. To top it off, good old American kapitalism devolved into megacorporatocracy (the signs of which you currently see in American media... amazing how the creators predicted this would happen). Personally, I don't understand how the Shadowrun universe didn't blow up like Warhammer or Dungeons & Dragons back in the day. Right now it's my favorite universe of all time, right next to D&D."
,Recommended,300550,12139279,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Carlos,"Improved, but the Editor is somewhat strange..."
76561197985536136,Recommended,300550,33064841,Posted: 30 June,all,Typhus,Great game!
,Not Recommended,300550,23906388,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,fastidious,While the game has an interesting plot there are some real frustrating bugs (details below) that began to plague my playthrough towards the end of the game. Seeing as the game has been out for a while there probably isn't much chance of them being fixed.The particular bug that I started to encounter towards the later half of the game where you lose the ability to interact with the game in any way and have to force close it. The previous title 'Shadowrun Returns' had a very similar bug; its a shame the devs never fixed it for this sequel.If you do decide to pick it up while its on sale make sure to manually save often as the bug may be connected with the quicksave feature based on reading the forums.
,Not Recommended,300550,22654269,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kamgusta,"Indie & Kickstarted?! You should have told me! [KAMGUSTA's REVIEW]Finished in about 20 hours, so I will talk very consciously about it.Game started quite bad for my taste, but then things got slightly better... and stabilized on average. I didn't know it was an indie kickstarted project developed for smartphones and tablets in mind and this explains a lot of cons.First, I would like to talk about the gameplay. Having experience with a lot of RPGs and turn-based games I have been disappointed: percentages to hit seem to be flawed, covering system is ridiculous, inventory is caotic, some combo are overpowered (you'll instakill with rifles and relative stats at 8+), experience points are given randomly and not by killing enemies, the stats of your party members are scripted, AI always attacks first (resolved in S:HK) and it' also dumb (you can wait for them at corners or take them from the shoulders), some mobs can't suffer critical hits, you are not given so many possibilities of attacking, you can't use your items outside of combat, often you are not given the option of using your teamates abilities in the quests, etc.Then, the story: I spent 20+ hours in the game clicking furiously and skipping 2/3 of the useless dialogues. Why ""useless""? 1) They are scripted, the choices you'll make DO NOT alter the game (if not a couple of occasions) 2) Skills are useless for dialogues: even when you are given the choice to use them, they just provide a couple of more rows of text to read 3) *someone die, so we have to find the culprit* bla bla *turns out all the city is in danger* bla bla *random excuse for making side missions* bla bla *gear up and go final attack*.Graphics: from the screenshots it seems to be very powerful... it's not. Just colourful. Game has big optimizations problems even if it's just a 2D world with 3D characters (welcome back '90).I got more than a couple of freezings but game always managed to stay alive (one way or another). Quicksaves often ""saved"" the day, but no crashes as told in some other reviews.Shadowrun Return has the same graphics but don't suffer from these problems: even level loading are quicker! If we compare the two games (with the same latest engine), Dragonfall has a more polished UI, a more intriguing story, nicer matrix puzzles, more turning points, but feels like a revised expansion (which is, in fact).The matrix puzzles, the door keyboard puzzles, the stealth mission and some side quests to dig into the past of your teammates are nice additions, but in the end they are just another *clicking*. I would have preferred more attention to the gameplay.I enjoyed it? Yes and no. Yes because I like these type of games, no because X-Com, Civilizations, Fallout still stand on a higher level. I would call it a nice time waster. If you are looking for a solid game, you should look elsewhere. I hope they'll get better in the next chapters.Best played with Keyboard & MouseRecommended Buy Price < 20$Score 7,5/10"
76561197970590230,Not Recommended,300550,28995094,Posted: 3 January,all,Loraxxe,"The story may be good by game standards, but games live and die by gameplay being fun and fair.  Dragonfall fails at this; let us count the ways (mostly compared to XCOM EU/EW/2, which are much more polished):- Almost nothing is explained.  Help menu is nearly useless.- Lots of long-known, unfixed bugs, some game-breaking.  No dev action or community fixes.- Teammates can't level.- Can't melee from catercorner position, only cardinal.- Controls are bad, not explained, and not remappable.  Left-click for move, attack, and choose team member, really?- Can't rotate camera.  I don't care if it's because the backgrounds are painted.  Combined with the left-click-for-everything, this makes moving to a square one above a teammate an excercise in pixel-hunting.- Nothing is voiced.  What is this, 1998?- Animations janky and slow.  No apparent option to speed them up like in XCOM2.- Can't autosave every round like XCOM.- Graphics poor, load times still long.- Character counted as flanked when she's not.- Shot by enemy I cannot see.- Can see an enemy, have line of sight, cannot target.  Move towards, teammate disappears.- Displayed to-hit chances way off.  Just look at the threads on this.- Enemy AI stupid, places little worth on self-preservation.- Not enough things count as cover, e.g. doorway sides don't."
,Not Recommended,300550,20322457,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MDuh,"Dragonfall is a greatly enhanced version of Shadowrun returns whatever aspect you look onto it. A deeper and more engaging story, more stuff to interact to, a whole town as your base, better UI, A TEAM THAT YOU OWN, 30+ hours of gameplay.Although you have your own team, you still can't fully customize and kit them to your liking, instead you are given a simplified level-up menu on what you can upgrade to them.Unfortunately, despite all of those, I cannot recommend this because of one single thing.The Percentage chance feels really off.It did quite felt off in shadowrun returns, but I didn't mind it because the campaign on it is only 33-40% of relative length compared to dragonfall. But man, you are going to get frustrated and maybe forced to save scum because of the RNG chance.I'm not talking about the values being low, I'm talking about the expected results reflected on the current chance. I.E: 92% chance to hit, but you miss 4 out of 5 hits, are you kidding me? Also don't tell me that I need to show sample size, statistics proof yada yada, this inconsistent result happens way too often.Also wtf is up with the loading times? I guess the places are now somewhat bigger, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ like 30sec of loading?Do I recommend this game? No for people who loves turn based strategy games. But if you want a decent RPG with decent storyline and multiple ways to build your character, get this game, but don't expect a fair gameplay."
76561197994707247,Not Recommended,300550,16007931,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,GameAddict,"Only for the most faithful followers of Rngesus. Got tired of watching all of my 50% shots miss, half of my 80-90% shots miss, and seeing enemies crit every shot."
76561197999283440,Not Recommended,300550,33552175,Posted: 14 July,all,DocDelray,"The game is fun and certainly has a lot more content compaired to the first game. But the RNG is just painfully stacked against you. I've lost my temper too many times when my characters miss a target with an 80% to hit and up. One of them was even a 99%. That one percent just happened to show up at that exact moment in time. The bad RNG is coupled with a massive up-tick in the number of enemies you fight. In Shadowrun Returns it was kind of a big deal when you fought seven guys in one go. In Dragonfall you're lucky if that's all you fight on a given map. The last one I played on I had to deal with wave after wave of ten enemies at a time. Dragonfall isn't bad by any means, but it can be so very frustrating to play sometimes."
,Not Recommended,300550,13842155,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,LearnUp,I would love to reccomend this game but it has too many bugs.In three different missions I got stuck and unable to complete because of these bugs. Hours wasted loading older saves and working back to try again by completing items in a different order.It's a pretty decent game otherwise if a little linear in story/quests for my tastes.
76561198031338144,Recommended,300550,12538433,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,moodywoody,Just buy itl
,Recommended,300550,12994282,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,g3jedi,Amazing story and game.
76561198007610744,Recommended,300550,13064107,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Eusebeus,"For the low price, this was a solid RPG run through. The main plotline is oldschool and well written - and there are (now) some good fan made missions to go through as well. Good for classic turn based RPG combat - if a little simple in places. I didn't think it would bear a replay, but found myself going right back to it..."
,Recommended,300550,29045083,Posted: 5 January,all,sEver,"This is a high quality product.If you love cyberpunk, you will love ""Shadowrun: Dragonfall"".If you love RPG, you will love ""Shadowrun: Dragonfall"".The quality of storytelling in this title is outstanding.""Shadowrun: Dragonfall"" touches on multiple classic topics of the cyberpunk genre and adds some metaphysical ones for good measure. Getting to know the characters in this story is a pleasure, as they have morality that is not black-or-white and just as humans are, these people have their flaws and virtues, they need help and somehow the story is done in such a way that they induce genuine compassion.Tactical aspect is done well. Definitely an enjoyable experience.Variety of available playstyles is satisfactory.The only grudge I have against Shadowrun: Dragonfall is that it ends at some point and I'm afraid that replayability value isn't very high once you know the story.Regardless, it's definitely worth the price for the 50hours of fun I had out of it."
76561198065795220,Recommended,300550,14389416,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,malahide,"very atmospheric, great gameplay, easy on the eye AND it's Shadowrun, what ya waiting for?"
76561198007548780,Recommended,300550,13872007,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SuspiciousDuck,You'll never want to stop playing!
,Recommended,300550,13877884,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,G.Kothe,Pretty good.
76561197970384487,Not Recommended,300550,18926059,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Poltsi,The campaign is linear and the character development is utterly boring. There's virtually nothing you can really decide by yourself. If you want similar but better experience I'd suggest buying fallout 2.
,Recommended,300550,15934208,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,jak151,worth every penny.
76561198098306471,Recommended,300550,23964142,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xavian and Deathgrip,"A very, very good RPG.While the story is a bit weak and has a REALLY rocky start, (worst first level in a game I have played...) it quickly became enjoyable with the well written characters, and subtlely.The combat system is also very good, with a lot of options for whateve playstyle you wish.I would honestly say that it is the best game in the franchise,as the story is vastly superior than Returns and the gameplay is better than Hong Kong's."
76561197990222797,Recommended,300550,32874515,Posted: 27 June,all,benzidrine,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. I have played it through to completion only once on hard.The world was interesting and the pacing was good. I thought the rpg system was pretty decent though it had flaws but no more than is typical. Some of the abilities were very interesting. I felt the lore was good but perhaps the setting could have been explained a little more. Some things were left a little too vague.The combat however sucked for one severe flaw. I don't know if it was the difficulty I played on but the percentage to hit had no relation whatsoever to reality. By the end of the game I considered a 70% to hit value to be more likely to miss than not. Only at 80+% does hitting become likely. It made the game very difficult to predict and took out a lot of strategy. When your character can miss 9 70%+ shots (0.0009% chance of happening) in a row you end up reloading just off of bad luck. Then some spells don't work or are unreliable. Like mindwipe is meant to stop them attacking you but doesn't always, there is a charm spell that is also bugged. It felt like a buggy mess really and it sucked because combat in this game could be fun if not for how broken it is. Doing it again I'd play this game on easy, I didn't find it difficult but it is annoying so just set it low and breeze through the combat.This game also has a terrible difficulty spike. By the end I had developed a strategy where I would generally not take a hit in battle using my shaman character. But the last battle just seemed really tough and frustrating because my characters couldn't hit anything. I never like that where the difficulty just zooms.5.5/10 for me."
76561198036458918,Recommended,300550,13137649,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,hakan,"Heck yes, well made turn-based RPG!"
,Recommended,300550,12741273,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Esrar,"A great game. Great TB combat system, and lots of lore. It has been a while since the golden age of rpgs, but this game definitely is a golden jewel. Looking forward for new content. A beautifull game, there`s one thing that i want to see in the future: a stealth mode implemented. Great game! I would advise everyone which is into rpgs an tb to take a close look to this game."
,Recommended,300550,12759581,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tak!,"I would recommend Shadowrun: Dragonfall to any RPG enthusiast.It's the sequel to Kickstarter success Shadowrun Returns, and features an entirely new campaign, upgraded tactical combat system, and streamlined combat UI.The story is engaging and well-written; the quests are generally inventive and non-formulaïc. I spent about 25 hours playing through the main campaign, and I enjoyed every minute. The different options and play styles for different classes add a lot of replayability; I will likely play through again with a different class in the near future.Go buy Shadowrun: Dragonfall!"
,Recommended,300550,12795625,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Krypto,"I have to say I'm enjoying the game so far. I don't even mind that they split off the Dragonfall campaign. It just kind of defeats the point of expansions in general. These types of games only need to release campaigns ever once in a while with fanmade content to supplement it and you're golden. They don't really have to shoot for 100 hours of content. Just keep expanding on the city and main character, even if the crew changed up.This ""review"" just as feedback really, my biggest gripe is the location of the dialog pictures and text. I feel like I'm reading a book along with the game instead of it integrating the dialog with the game. With modern technology, there is really no reason to tell me so much and not show it to me. The camera can zoom in closer and show me the expression on someone's face, if not, change the picture to mimic what the text is saying.Also the characters should make body movements along with the text. I shouldn't have to imagine someone reaching for their gun when there could just be a ""hand on hip"" animation of pose."
76561198108646854,Recommended,300550,12752044,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dappersapper85,Shadowrun Dragon fall is by far the game shadowrun should be awesom story line you can make tough decisions for the better good for yourself and turn to aid the enemy it gives you complete control to choose your path to be the runner you want to be. I give it a 10 out of 5 a 11 out of ten.
76561198078784788,Recommended,300550,24573814,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,mafalda_157,Immersive storyline with excellent writing. A genuine RPG experience.
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,300550,17688400,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,[PoE] confrication,"A very ordinary 6/10 kind of game with enough infuriating bugs this long after release to tempt a guy to 1/10 rate it.  Did you think you would be safe from bugs like unending enemy turns right at the end of a long fight, 11 months after a game was released?  Haha, joke's on you friend."
76561197982196124,Recommended,300550,20042888,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rhod,"Just finished this game so i thought it is a good idea to write a review.First of all as usual the scenario is well written and interesting, and characters are more developped than they were in shadow returns, you also have more freedom and more things to do (side quests and such)if you like shadowrun returns you will love this game as i found that pretty much all aspects of the game were better,If you did not like the ""rail-rpg"" style of shadowrun returns maybe you should give this one a try.All in a all a very good old school rpg, with a very interesting scenario and interesting atmosphere,8\10 would definately play again ;)."
,Recommended,300550,19939313,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,nice lips,it owns insanely hard. i will never log out
,Recommended,300550,33122624,Posted: 2 July,all,Serialies,Easily the best shadowrun story and character wise of the lot (even better than HK).
,Recommended,300550,16290776,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Eery Petrol,"An intruiging tactical RPG that has fun, dynamic gameplay and some of the best writing in games."
76561198024972696,Recommended,300550,15161684,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"I'm recommending ""Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut"" with some qualifications.  First, the good stuff:  it's been a while since I played ""Shadowrun Returns,"" but this game plays very similar to that one.  So, if you enjoyed SR, SD should be just fine.  It took me a bit over 53 hours to complete the game with 100% Achievements.  The first 33 hours were for the preparatory phase of the game, and the last 20 hours were for the ending-ish mission(s).  So, even at the list price, the game is well worth the cost.My biggest complaint in the whole game is inventory management.  You're very limited in what you can carry (which is OK, I guess).  But, the problem is that during a run, your character is the only one that can get items into his inventory.  Plus, there's no way to give inventory items to other characters except at the start of each mission.  This is made even more frustrating by the fact that you can send items you pick up to your ""stash"" out there at your base, but you can neither get things from that same stash (except when you're next to it at the base) nor give that same item to the character standing next to you in the field.The rest of my complaints are fairly minor:- Again, your inventory space is extremely limited.  Yet, you need med kits to heal people and repair kits to repair drones (and I don't believe I ever saw a repair kit appear in the field).  I'd accept the heal/repair conflict just fine if I could just carry one item to fix both entities.- The load times for in-game loads is atrocious.  The initial game load time is about 10 seconds.  But, loading from within a game takes about a minute (40 seconds even before a load progress bar will come up.  This is bad in a game that has several branching paths where you might want to explore alternatives.- The value of the money needs to be thought out some more.  A cup of soya will cost $5 (or whatever that monetary unit is).  Yet, during a run, you might gather research data that's worth millions (if not billions of dollars).  When you sell it, you might see $300.  So, with what you have to save for an event, what you have to buy to continue operating, and the little you make on selling stuff, you never really get a chance to explore adding new capabilities.- The final mission is too long.  It's one giant slog with no ability to head back to your base to resupply (a situation made worse by the lack of inventory sharing).  You do get a chance to heal just before the penultimate area.  But, it would sure be nice to break that whole mission up somehow.Still, all-in-all, the game's a good one and well worth the cost."
76561198053705207,Recommended,300550,22132953,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Aven Valkyr,"This game is a testament to the tactical strategy genre.  It definitely has its own feel.  To compare this game to any other tactical strategy out there (even X-Com) would be obsurd.  The only similarity this game has with any of the other ones is the fact that it's a tactical strategy game.This game is rich.  It's deep.  There are 3 main archetypes of missions.  You have your sidequests, your plotline sidequests, and then your main mission.  The richness of this game brings all of these quests to life.  There is a story behind each of them, and you become a part of that story.  There are even ways to finish a couple of certain quests without having to fire a shot.  There are some very creative questlines presented in this game.There are a few negatives however.  Armour, weapons, upgrades, and even magic.  It all feels like you don't get much for your money from one set to the next.  They all feel very similar in feel.  It's also possible to jump from the lowest end hardware to the highest end, skipping the mid-grade stuff entirely.  The lack of randomly generated sidequests is nearly unforgiveable in a title such as this.  The game is surprisingly short.  The only real difference you will feel between the weapons and other items is your ability to hit and ability to soak up damage.  This also applies to spells, however spells are unique in that each one is different and each one offers a tactical variation on your play style.  The big problem with spells however is that you can only equip a handful of them, and so that one situation that crops up that you could use a spell that you rarely use, and the opportunity to be wowed by its effects is missed, for the simple reason that you opted for something else in its place.The other gripe here is that you cannot manage the inventory of your team.  They all come pre set with their own skills and abilities, weapons and armour.  You can only add in a couple of utility items like grenades and health packs.  So it is a little frustrating that you can't have better control over your companions.The reason for the shortcomings listed here though is because of the story.  The dev's obviously felt it was important to immerse the player into a deep, rich and invovling story.  The game offers countless hours of replayability as you will want to work on each skill tree at one point or another.  I haven't even touched decking, drone control, melee combat or psy powers.  The game is short, and narrow, and will leave you wanting more, better equipment progression and a wider variation of equipment and spells, however the gameplay itself speaks volumes for this title, coupled with an extremely solid storyline.I can't recommend this game enough.  If you are on the fence about it and you are reading some negative reviews that are preventing you from clicking the buy button, I would say this:  At the end of the day you will enjoy this game.  Despite its shorcomings, those shortcomings are more than made up for with a solid gaming experience.  And that's why we play games isn't it?  To enjoy the experience?  This game is a smooth platform, relatively bug free, rich, immersive, and has high replayability.  What more could you want from a title so cheap.It all comes down to that.  Just buy it already... :)"
76561198009363890,Recommended,300550,16706764,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,difenderu,I praise this game for superb narrative with tons of stylish NPC's and quests.NB: the firearms in game is much more effective then the magic (spirits and fireballs alike).
,Recommended,300550,19240338,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,shittywhiskey,"I don't know exactly why this game is so fun, but it is.  It's fairly text-heavy, the graphics are pretty basic, some of the areas start to look the same, the world has limited interactivity beyond objects immediately relevant to the plot, there are a number of little glitches--and yet, in spite of these drawbacks I've logged about 100 hours in cyberpunk dystopian Berlin.The variety of character classes is one of the biggest draws for me, plus the fact that you can actually play a couple of truly viable hybrid classes. I played a Shaman on my first playthrough (steep learning curve, there) and a Decker/Rigger on my second.  The different skill trees and 'etiquette' functions are incorporated nicely into the dialogue and story options, so that based on your character's configuration, you will have to come up with different problem-solving techniques for various hurdles.Monika is written as a bit of a MarySue, but the other party members have wit and interesting back stories.  Several of them experience dynamic shifts in their relationship with you as the game progresses, which is cool.  It also seems like there are several different endings, based on a series of decisions you make in the last two missions, which gives the game a better replay value, imo.Buy it, okay, just buy it so that you can steal stuff from racists and insult Satan to his face.  Plus: cool hair-do.  Win/win."
76561198179994865,Recommended,300550,14900037,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hobbest,"english and polish review on Shadowrun Dragonfall - Director's Cut // angielska i polska recenzja Shadowrun Dragonfall - Director's Cut8,5/10ENG:+-cyberpunk world-turn-based combat like in fallout's (1 & 2)-the great weight is put on game story and dialogues - the exact descriptions of NPCs' reactions to the words, emotions, mimicry and gestures-the successful combination of fantasy's breeds in cyberpunk world-characters skills chosen quite freely - features are not determined by class-tough battle requiring the basics of tactics and thinking-a combination of diplomacy and charisma can resolve conflicts without bloodshed-well built 'world of hacking'--there is no open world-too short-minor errors (eg. I missed 4 times in a row with chance to hit about 89%, almost impossible)The game is definetely worth playing. I'm willing to play it once again or even twice, making diffrent choices, and after then I'll try Shadowrun Returns.PL:+-świat cyberpunka-walka turowa w falloutowych klimatach-gra stawia na dialogii oraz fabułę - dokładne opisy m.in. reakcji NPCów na dane słowa, emocji, ich mimiki itp.-udane połączenie ras rodem z fantasy w cyberpunku-umiejętności postaci wybierane zupełnie dowolnie - brak przypisu do jakichkolwiek klas postaci-trudne walki, wymagające podstaw taktyki i myślenia-połączeniem dyplomacji i charyzmy można rozwiązywać konflikty bez rozlewu krwi-dobrze zrobiony 'świat hackowania'--brak w pełni otwartego świata-dość krótka-drobne błędy (np. zdarzyło mi się 4 razy pod rząd nie trafić przy szansie 89%, mało prawdopodobne)Gra warta polecenia. Chętnie przejdę ją drugi raz dokonując zupełnie innych wyborów fabularnych. A może nawet i trzeci raz :) Po jej ukończeniu rozważam zagranie w Shadowrun Returns."
76561198056486097,Recommended,300550,15054815,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Csirkefarhát,"If you like Shadowrun it's really good, not as detailed obviously. But feels ok."
76561198000834469,Recommended,300550,16147362,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Scrappy Chipmunk,"At first, I wasn't sure about this game. Normally, ""text-heavy,"" ""isometic,"" and ""dystopian (constantly depressing)"" scare me away. However, this game quickly became addictive and I enjoyed every moment."
76561197981389973,Recommended,300550,16000248,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Wyrm,"Far superior than ""Shadowrun Returns"" graphically and storywise.Gameplay is smooth, hardly any bugs and very easy on your video card.Has a very good Character class and developement choices which include cyberware and spells.Still lacking any voice over narration, so lots of reading."
,Recommended,300550,16135443,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Xeriana,"This game is amazing.  I had never heard of the Shadowrun games until I ran across this one, now I can't stop playing it!!  It has all the right stuff for being a cyberpunk, rpg, top-down-strategy game.  I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys cyberpunk or top-down games.  There is a sequel to this one already on its way out and it looks very promising, so I recommend you pick this game up before then.  Trust me you won't be disappointed!"
76561198065175434,Recommended,300550,16743937,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Picnic,My favorite of the 2014 kickstarted RPGs.
76561198054497018,Recommended,300550,16745058,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[GHD]Coriarken454,"Would definetly recommend. Its a gritty TBS game with awesome RPG elements. It doesnt hold your hand either. If you miss something, like say, an optional mission objective. You cant go back. Also there are multi dimensional paths to take to reach a goal. This game truly is a masterpiece and I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,300550,16868512,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,<> osvg,Fun SRPGDecent plot
76561197995461387,Recommended,300550,17190621,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Locray,good
,Recommended,300550,16066151,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,AtariSafari,"This game managed to grab a hold of me, just like the original Shadowrun. While a bit different, it still gave me that old school Shadowrun feel with some nice touch ups such as graphics and the hacking matrix. RNG is a little off I feel in combat, but nothing game breaking. Overall I'd give this game an 8.5/10 for rich environments, game-play and rewarding customization."
76561198044270133,Recommended,300550,16100506,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,aidanpryde13,"This game executes turn based tactical combat well, but I'd say the storytelling is its greatest asset.The combat is pretty standard for what you would expect of a tactical game.  You have a team, and each member can take a couple actions a turn.  Characters have special abilities and different attack types.  There is a fair amount of variety.  Some characters excel at firearms, others at melee combat.  Mages can cast both damaging and buffing spells.  Summoners can call spirits, and riggers can control drones (the two ""pet"" classes).  Hackers have their own VR combat where they fight IC in a system very similar to meat combat.  The hacker's efforts in VR can grant access to other areas on the map, provide camera feeds, gain information that can be sold for money and other things.  In addition to character design, there are choices to make in combat such as where to take cover, how to flank enemies, etc.  It's a good system.As I said above, however, the story is what has really sold me on the game.  Between missions, interactions with NPCs shed light on the developing narrative, and the story kept me engaged.  What's more, each of your team members has their own story to tell.  The stories add a great depth to the characters.  These are not just spell/gun machines that follow you around in combat.  They are living, breathing people struggling with their own motivations.  It's very interesting learning what they are.  I'm perhaps halfway through the game, and I already have a strong emotional connection to the characters who's stories I've played through.I recommend this game.  For those familiar with the original Shadowrun Returns, this is a definite improvement, both in game play and in storytelling.  It is a solid representation of the tactical combat genre, the RPG genre, and the Shadowrun setting."
76561198007374629,Recommended,300550,16238589,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MO,What an awesome game! I have not played something that gripped me like this for a long time very definately recommended.
76561197980786340,Recommended,300550,16247085,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,czman811,"Just finished Dragonfall, and the Shadowrun games (Returns and Dragonfall) have been great.  If you like turn based combat and enjoy storytelling this game is for you.  I highly recommend this game; especially when it is on sale.Pros:fun game playgood storynice character developmentcons:only about ~15 hours of game play (if you do everything and play slow)can't build your entire team yetI hope we see a shadowrun game that allows up to build our entire crew.  I would really like being able to build everyone."
76561197980035556,Not Recommended,300550,20202626,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bob Saget is SHAFT,"A chore to slog through. Uninteresting weapons, uninteresting characters, percentage to hit system is utterly broken, but ooh at least theres bright colors. 6/10"
,Recommended,300550,16387292,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nirpen,"Was bribed again to dislike the series. A 2,500 Nuyen bribe this time. Fragging stupid not to take it. Could have used the cred to spill on Shadowrun Hong Kong and a new Cyberdeck."
,Recommended,300550,16867055,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,BryBry,"I love the world of Shadowrun, for years I've been an avid fan of the p&p roleplaying universe except for the fact that there are so many rules and strange (but cool) ideas wrapped in the massive 300 page rulebook that I never got a chance to truly experience it. I bought the first game in this series which I felt was sub-par (almost so much as a chore to complete), but I took a chance with the sequel and it's a MASSIVE improvement to the story and gameplay."
,Recommended,300550,16994849,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ManCanCook,"A significant step forward in storytelling and character crafting for the folks at Harebrained Studios. Dragonfall - Director's Cut outshines its predecessor in every area. While taking nothing away from the fantastic maiden project that was SR:R, this stand-alone expansion is so much more than that descriptor would imply.The main campaign is three to perhaps five times the length of the original Deadman's Switch in SRR. Rather than being given a linear series of missions to tackle, Dragonfall grants significantly more freedom in choosing which tasks to embark on, or pass up. On your runs, you'll encounter various ways to tackle the obstacles presented - varied dialogue options that take numerous stats into account, drones to go where full-sized bodies cannot, magical perception to read more into the situation, plugging into the Matrix to disable security, stealth, and the tried-and-true guns ablaze kick-down-the-front-door-and-take-no prisoners brute force method.The dialogue options presented with a colorful cast of characters feels like your choices carry some weight. Better, still, those choices have nuance, and are more varied than the Bioware standard of saint, aloof, and spawn of Satan reponses. I greatly enjoyed following up with numerous NPCs between runs, both to see what new opportunities there were for my character's advancement, but to find out what had transpired while my character was away from her base of operations.There's no obnoxious, arbitrary morality system in play. The player is free to choose and truly step into the role of the character they create. Certainly, there are circumstance that arise where the player must make a morally ambiguous choice. Do you do the job you were hired to, and assassinate your target before he reveals vital information, or do you hear his side of the story? Do you turn over a powerful weapon to a shadowy secret society promising you great rewards? Do you risk alienating your team for your own reward? Do you stick your neck out for them, knowing it is taking valuable resources and time away from your main goal?Speaking of your team, I found those NPCs some of the most interesting I've come across in my life of gaming. Each has their own distinct motivations, reasons for being there, and outlooks on life. There's Dietrich, the former punk-rocker turned shaman with strong anarchist values. There's Eiger, no-nonsense weapons specialist, fresh out of a long military career, focused on following orders, responsibility, planning, and chain of command. Glory, a pistol-packing cybered-up field medic, and close-combat specialist; sullen and reserved, with a great mystery to unravel. There's a fourth, with his own uniquely twisted backstory, do you trust a known wild-card, whose allegiances in the past have shifted with the winds?In summary, it's a 30-40 hour romp that really tries to encompass as much of the Shadowrun world as possible. Better, it's not set in the mother of all SR locations, the Seattle sprawl, but rather the anarchist Free State of Berlin. You'll encounter everything from the stereotypical chrome and lead Street Samurai, to the down-and-out chem junkie, to plain folks just trying to get by. It's not perfect, and it does miss a couple of the things long-time fans of the Shadowrun franchise might miss. In terms of freedom to get into a character, interact, and engage with an evolving world where your actions carry weight and consequence - this recommendation is a no-brainer.If this sounds like your cup of tea, I can think of far worse ways to spend $15 or less and 30 hours or more of your time."
76561198003727434,Recommended,300550,16090770,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DoritoChickenBacon,When I first picked up shadowrun returns and Dragonfall it was on a random whim. The settings looked good and I was in the mood for story driven gameplay. Shadowrun returns from the beginning sucked me in to a world that was utterly engrossing and I had high hopes for the next installment of Dragonfall. These hopes were not only fulfilled but utterly blown out of the water. Everything was improved upon and was an utter joy to learn more about the cypernetic world of Shadowrun. The people you interact with are MUCH MUCH more fleshed out to the point where you will do anything to keep them alive. Few are the games of this caliber and even fewer are the ones that can make me binge for 7 hours straight without noticing. I have nothing but extreme respect for Hairbrained Schemes for the masterpiece they have made with Dragonfall. If you are at all an rpg fan BUY THIS NOW! It is worth much more than it is listed and can eat triple A titles for breakfast.
76561198041278105,Recommended,300550,16276194,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Risky,"The year is 2053, shortly after the completion of Shadowrun Returns.  Our story takes place in Berlin with a new protagonist and a new crew already on a job.  I don’t want to reveal much if anything of the story since that is what really draws players to these games, so I will keep story details to myself and only talk briefly about the npc characters and some of the new mechanics that were introduced in this game.The Team-So first off, the four person team is once again the standard size team and the merc hiring system has made a lackluster return.  I say this simply because it robs you of story!  The team you originally run with are your constant companions and offer much more to develop the story with their own unique dialogs during missions, which I highly doubt you get by hiring Elf-ears McMagicshoot for a single run.  They still take a cut of the profit after running the main story missions, but you also do not have to pay them up front like other mercs.Among your rogues gallery of runners, you have Eigar, a Militaristic Troll who is a weapons specialist, Glory, a heavily cyber enhanced field medic (no magic, but always has health kits) and Dietrich the former punk anarchist turned overly risk taking shaman.  There is also a decker you can acquire fairly early in the game, he uses smgs and if the story is played right he has limited rigger abilities.  I do think there is an option to turn him away if you so wish (I don’t recommend that if you aren’t a decker).Now, one of the greatest things about using these main story npcs is that they implemented a talent tree for each of them.  There are 5 tiers for each character and it seems you get a point after each big milestone in the story.  A cautionary note – once the points are confirmed there are no refunds.  Also each character has two trees, but you are free to mix and match as you see fit but only one point per tier.Eigar - become a sniper or shotgun specialist.  Since Eigar is a troll, she is naturally pretty tanky, so getting up in their face is a fun option.  She is far from invincible but one of the options in her tree is to get wired reflexes cyberware that let her dodge the first attack against her per turn for 3 turns with a 4 turn cooldown, this is simply amazing for her.  On the other hand, specializing in Sniper will give you things like armor piercing shots and a double tap.  I recommend a mix between the two, making Eigar very diverse for lots of situations.Glory - buffs to medic capabilities or pistoleer.  Glory has high armor since she is so cyberized and does have a melee mode similar to a street samurai, so choosing a path with her seems like either way would be pretty good.  The pistol she carries takes 0AP to reload, and seems to be very often inaccurate (make sure your shaman is throwing that +15% accuracy buff out from time to time) even from mid distances but and this is a big but, if you do decide to be a pistol specialist, it does do some pretty decent damage late game with the final tier talent.Dietrich - better buff shaman or mix in some offensive magics.  I loved Dietrich as a character but his trees left me wanting.  Any way you build him, it won’t have that large of an impact on his gameplay.Mystery Decker - better decking or focus on smgs.  Not much to say about this character except that he only gets three tiers since you get him slightly later in the game.  If you are a decker, you most likely won’t use him over the other team member choices, but if you aren’t you will probably max out his decking talents just to take advantage of environment variables and normal mission decking activities.Your Character-Just like the previous game I went with a decker/rifle specialist which made the game an enjoyable play through with the occasional speedbump in the road.  I only had a handful of times when my main character actually died, but I think that’s mostly because I neglected raising my body stat enough early on (I think I ended with body 5 or 6).Rifles still seem very op simply due to full auto, but it felt like I was reloading more in this game than in Shadowrun Returns.  In addition to the normal assault rifles they have introduced snipers, which are a great option to keep on you as well, so raise that ranged combat stat and get that extra weapon slot to carry both!  If a sniper catches someone out of cover and it’s a crit, it can easily be a one shot kill or chunk them severely.Decking, just like the last game is a very common thing pretty much everywhere.  I don’t recommend going straight decking right off the bat, so make sure you get more combat stats than decking points initially to have a smooth early game.I chose Elf as my race for the max cap on Quickness, but it also came with a default point in charisma, just like in the last game etiquette options are everywhere.  In Returns I believe Shadowrunner turned up the most, but this time I think Security was the most common option.  Often times this will simply turn the conversation in your favor but it wasn’t uncommon to just do nothing for you at all.  Hooray RPGS!Outside of my own character, here are some other things I noticed.  This game seems friendlier towards melee this time around in general (better cyberware and cover options).  In the cyberware shop you can buy wired reflexes pretty early on to supplement your dodge.   If melee isn’t your cup of tea, they introduced a few new variants on the previous games grenades as well as a grenade launcher to play around with.  Magic still seems pretty weak, but there seems to be more of a variety of spells this time around.Bugs-I encountered only a few bugs, and only one really broke the game.   Remember folks, save often!The one that broke it was a scripted encounter that started by some npcs running up to you in a room and then they just stood there looking at me like I was stupid.  Reloaded my last auto-save, tried again and it worked!There was an issue with the cyberware shop, where I had 1 essence left but I couldn’t equip anymore gear.  Sadly I couldn’t find a workaround for this.Lastly, but definitely the most annoying there is a combat/movement lag that mostly happens in the matrix (I only had it happen once outside of the matrix).  Sometimes when you end your turn the game will just sit there and think, for 30seconds at a time, trying to figure out what happens next.  This is annoying but not game breaking.Conclusion-I thoroughly enjoyed Dragonfall for its excellent story that kept me constantly engaged, powering through and exploring every nook and cranny that was accessible to me.  The improvements on the previous game weren’t anything fantastic and hell I would even call it negligible at best but this seemed like repeat/sequel of an already great game in my book.  I’m good with that.Completionist game length – 30ish Hours (32 for me and there is a second run most definitely in the future for unexplored options)Rating: 8 / 10"
,Recommended,300550,16367410,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Netsu,"Shadowrun Returns, the previous game in the series, didn't leave a strong impression on me. The combat was mediocre, the character building very limited, role playing insignificant and the overall game was forgetable.Still decided to give Dragonfall a try and I'm really glad I did. Combat and character building are left pretty much unchanged but MY GOD THE WRITING. The dialogue, the characters, the side plots, the missions and the choices you face, it got me hooked.It's not the type of a free-roaming RPG I'm used to (like the recent Wasteland 2 for example), there isn't much exploration or enviromental usage of skills and even though there are side quests and separate plot lines, the game is still pretty linear. But you can be sure that when the game presents you with a choice it will be a significant and satisfying one, and the multitude of dialogue options makes it a truly role playing experience, even though the difference between your replies is often cosmetic.If you enjoy dialogue-rich games, definitely try this one."
76561198044849854,Recommended,300550,13198018,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,John Braun,"To say that this game is a vast improvement over Shadowrun Returns would be a severe understatement. I grew up playing the SNES and Sega Genesis versions of this game, and this game does not disappoint. If you are a fan of turn-based strategy games like XCOM or Final Fantasy Tactics, do yourself a favor and pick this game up. It's incredibly well written with engaging characters, plenty of replayability with the different classes and teammates, and a blast to play to boot."
,Recommended,300550,13262048,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Meine,A truly fantastic game!
,Recommended,300550,13263872,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Darlan,"Utterly fantastic. The combat of X-Com with the isometric RPG goodness of classic Bioware infinity engine- RPGs-and far less streamlined and linear than the somewhat ""meh"" base Shadowrun Returns Dead Man's Switch game. Between Divinity: Original Sin, Dragon Age 3, Wasteland 2, and Dark Souls 2, this year has been an embarrassment of riches for RPGs, and of them all this is the least graphically and technically impressive. It has irritating restrictions on companion ability, equipment, and even inventory customization, and I still wish there was more loot and skills to unlock. However, it runs circles around the rest this year in terms of writing, settings, and narrative, and that makes this one of the year's best in my book. Don't write it off if you didn't care for the original campaign; this is much closer to the ""sci-fi Baldur's Gate"" we were all hoping for, if not quite as deep.  I absolutely *loved* it."
,Recommended,300550,13728247,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Really good RPGI even put off Dragon Age Inquisition for the moment. After the last Shadowrun game I was somewhat disappointed as it felt pointless and boring. Dragonfall is much better and fleshed out. You have interesting companions, characters and cabals like in  Planescape:Torment, you have a generic RPG system with a bunch of skill checks like in Neverwinter Nights, you have party play like in Baldur's Gate, conspiracies like in Deus EX and the feel of the classic Shadowrun SNES RPG or a PNP Shadowrun campaign.The missions play mostly one after another but at times you can choose from several or skip some completely. The city hub with its inhabitants feels very alive and the death of a particular character I  always revisited for talk bothered me. Unlike most other games the nice answer isn't always the right one when talking to your friends just like in reality.The plot is above average and all of Shadowruns's interesting themes (read the ""threats"" sourcebooks) are brought together except vampires maybe.The game is set in shadow Germany which is known and yet alien and rarely used for games outside world wars so that was interesting as well.There's also plenty of stuff to read for lore freaks but lore haters can skip the flavor and just follow the mission goals.Experience is rewarded by finishing goals so there's no penalty for playing it your way. You can play a brutal and amoral killer or a kind charismatic guy.While the turnbased combat system is clearly like the one from the last game it seems much better now so I guess they made some improvements.I can recommend the game to true RPG fans especially those mentioned above and also Shadowrun/Cyberpunk fans."
76561197998764317,Recommended,300550,13268471,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mr.ColdStar,Most epic game I've played since Dragon Age Origins. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,300550,13300999,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Swargaloka,"THE BEST STORY GAME, EVER !!!! 20 Hours games with full of the stories (for Dragonfall),"
,Recommended,300550,13253933,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Wingless,"An absolute masterpiece. Beating it has left me searching high and low for something as good, but with little results."
76561198002276954,Recommended,300550,13453281,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,achitenshi,This is a fun RPG game that I would recommend anyone who enjoys tactical RPGs to try.
,Recommended,300550,16826207,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dr. Mr. 🇻🇮🇩🇪🇴 🇬🇦🇲🇪🇸,"Story?  Great.NPCs?  Deep, interesting.Character Creation?  Varied, tons of options.Combat?  Fun, strategic, dynamic.Graphics?  Good, but who cares.Replayability?  Eh...it depends how much you like the combat/character creation.Mods?  Some really great ones (thank goodness).My only real complaint about Dragonfall is that, despite wanting to try new character types, I have zero motivation to play through the story again.  This is due, in part, to a lack of skill checks.  Besides the Decker class, there are very few opportunities to use a characters inherent skills (their stats/class/etiquettes) to effect the experience or the outcome of a mission.  So ultimately, each playthrough will be very similar to one another with a few minor deviations here and there.Luckily, the core game is so solid that even if you don't play around with mods after beating the game (which you should), you'll still have gotten your money's worth after a single playthrough."
,Recommended,300550,26904662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Braxis,Very good story + characters
,Recommended,300550,21796822,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[Benjamin.,"If you liked Shadowrun Returns, you will love this.It's an improvement over the first in almost every way possible, which also makes it a great game to buy as a newcomer to Shadowrun.Pros;The story, which is excellent, is intertwined with small scale personal stories that you can try to finish if you so desire.The characters are interesting and all have distinct playing styles, which you can either bolster or compliment with your level up choices.The gameplay and UI are improved from the first; it's a bit more intuitive than its predecessor but things like equiping items from the stash and using medkits out of combat have a very clunky workflow.Cons;Levelling up could be vastly improved by adding more depth (not to the Underrail / Fallout degree) and allowing more flexibility. E.G., if you're interested in becoming a professional smoothtalker, but are not interested in casting spells and the like, a lot of the benefit of having a high charisma is wasted.The dialogue options are somewhat limited throughout, I often felt as if my roleplaying response was not catered for with the options available.Overall; Recommended.A really lovely game, with a great atmosphere, interesting soundtrack (though not as good as the first) and compelling characters - you can really sink hours into this and feel satisfied with the result."
,Not Recommended,300550,20415315,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TcheQ,"Unfortunately 2 game-breaking bugs ruined what was a potentially interesting game.  Looked online for fixes, and looks like the developers never bothered to adjust the code to avoid them.I liked the world that was crafted, but lack of voiceovers, ability to change view (this being a 4X is kind of essential) detracted from the environment significantly enough for me to never want to play a Shadowrun again.Avoid."
,Recommended,300550,13186509,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kor Thael,Everybody who liked Shadowrun Returns will love this Game. Got improved in a lot of ways and now can truly be called a classic RPG
,Recommended,300550,13318369,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Zjd Nekro,"A DLC so good it got Redone as a standalone. Its the cRPG of old with a nice cyberpunk leather coat and some elves and trolls thrown in just because really. Add modding tools with a workshop and you have something special. The storyline has some linearity but its one of those do it in what ever order you want dealsPersonally I went full cyber ninja, If I couldn't hack it I punched the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
76561198003880852,Recommended,300550,13226221,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"Short summarization? A masterpiece of RPG work, minorly suffering from the one or other bug.Took me 24 hours to beat the game. (Once, on hard difficultY.) That alone is already a big plus, given the price of the game. AND opposed to many other campaign-driven games I actually think I'll give this game a rerun.To the details.The game is set in the Shadowrun world, which originally stems from a Pen&Paper RPG, set in a sortof-apocalyptic future (in this case 2052), where magic works again, trolls and orcs walk the earth like any human, megacoperations control most of the world... and dragons control the megacorporations from the shadows. Said shadows are your realm as well, assome sort of crinimal spec ops, a Shadowrunner.The game starts by letting you create a unique character with full flexibility as to what you want to do. Troll engineer? Elf brute? Sure, go ahead. Note that your PC (Playercharacter) is the ONLY character in this game you can fully customize. All other members of your team come with preset skills, equipment and a small upgrade tree (and the possibility to give them some of your quipment on a 'loaned' basis). So,no BG-style minmaxing of a 6-man supertroop.The gameplay consists of realtime-exploration, coupled with a lot of text, choices and some riddles. The other part (and something that will never be avoidable fully) is combat. Combat plays interesting, from start to finish, mainly due to you and your team unlocking new abilities and equipment. As well, it needs to be said that there are a lot of mechanics to grasp that are barely explained in the brief help section... Don't be surprised if you don't understand what's happening around you for the first half of the game. On top of that, the controls are a bit flunky at times (f.e. you cannot turn the isometric view and due to that will never be able to select a tile right 'behind' a standing character). Overall, satisfying enough though.(Especially if you can play as a cyber-augmented Chi-casting samurai warrior dwarf)To avoid spoilers, I'll not go into detail regarding the story. But let's express my oppinion this way: From start to finish I always felt motivated and intrigued by story. Driven to find out the backgrounds, and what could happen next. The morale choices the game presents you (and boy, it does that alot) as well never felt to simple. And when you come to the big turning points in the story (that have major influence on the gameplay), you really sit down, lean back and think for a minute or two before pressing a button.I feel obliged to mention the presence of a few bugs, too: I had to do the final fight twice, simply because one enemy got stuck in an inaccessible room. I as well had the one or other occasion where an enemy AI got stuck during it's turn, causing an endless loop of waiting. And there are a few reports of crashes, albeit I had none of those myself.Overall, these issues usually are annoying, but are reasonably rare enough (having to reload 3 times across a 24 hour timeframe... annoying, but I've seen FAAAAR worse).All in all, my verdict is: BUY NOWThe story is genuinly great. The background is great (duh, it's a Pen&Paper RPG, what did you expect). The gameplay is solid and diverse enough. Graphics are fine for their purpouse, the sound is acceptable (albeit hit sound grunts get really repetitive), the music just awesome and fitting. The game is stable, except for a few rare issues.Rating: 9/10 (just slightly missed the perfection, due to control hickups, lack of tutorials and the few issues mentioned)If you see this on a sale, BUY.If it's not on a sale, but you're a fan of Shadowrun... who am I kidding, any fan of Shadowrun already has this game. But if you're into (P&P) RPG anyways, get this.If you like Tactical Combat games, you might want to buy this, too. Albeit the focus clearly lays on the Story, not the Combat System alone."
76561197991019394,Recommended,300550,13233919,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kaerbear,One of the best modern CRPG's of all time. Fantastic.
76561197971874482,Recommended,300550,13276069,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"A large improvement over the original Shadowrun Returns.The story was excellent and even though there wasn't serious branching I still felt like the personality I wanted to play could shine through.  Shamans now could meaningfully take part in combat in the early game without having to invest in another skill.   Saving isn't a giant pain anymore.It's a solid tactical RPG with an engrossing storyline, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes either.There were a few glitches but they didn't interfere with the enjoyment and the devs seem interested in still fixing things even this long after the game's release."
,Recommended,300550,13288446,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Apathetic,"Amazing game, with some annoying seemingly easy-fix mechanical issues that were not adressed by the dev team. Such as being able to pick up an item, and then hand it to someone else in the room with you, or being able to switch who you're moving around out of combat, or some way to stop the always ambushed bunched up way you have to be at nearly every combat."
,Recommended,300550,13294255,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HaughtyDingle,"This is an incredibly well-written game. The storyline is executed perfectly and the combat system is a GREAT throwback of the turn-based RPGs like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Neverwinter Nights and the first two Fallout games. Even on the normal difficulty setting, combat requires some pretty hefty tactical decisions which can either make or break success for your team of runners. If you like story-driven games or the old school isometric RPGs, I HIGHLY recommend this!"
76561198004324420,Recommended,300550,13294526,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Zante,"First Shadowrun game I've ever played.Cons : - Some minor bugs can sometimes appear. Saving often and during battles is advised.- Early game may be though for some people, especially if you're not used to the mechanics, don't know how the system works and make some mistakes.- I suspect the classes to be a bit unbalanced.- Character models in this engine usually don't look very good. (with the exception of the dancers <3 )Pros : - Bugs being patched as I write this- Great story with really charming characters and dialogue.- Average/Good personal character customization that really impacts the amount of choices you can make.- Good/Great character portraits and environments that fit the situation.- Gameplay : Turn-based RPG's rule ! For the vets, Hard difficulty is perfect in my opinion.Conclusion : Coming from some of the best turn-based rpg's ever like FF Tactics, Tactics Ogre (PSP), Advance Wars, Fire Emblem, and most importantly XCOM : Enemy Unknown, my hunger for that genre finally came to an end when I finished this game. And it was one fine meal."
,Recommended,300550,13647764,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Villainy,Great story. Great tactical gameplay. Fun open character creation. I can't beleve how emotionally invested I can get into characters exclusively through text. So well written.Also people do a great job in the Workshop.
,Recommended,300550,13658782,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dixie_Flatline,"It's frickin' awesome.  Everything that was good about the first release, made better.  Play it."
,Recommended,300550,13666968,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zombie Lenin,"Very solid 30+ hour RPG with JA2-style isometric turn based combat, and a working cover system.Amazing soundtrack, lots of atmosphere created with a tiny budgetWarning:-confusing if you're not familiar with the Shadowrun world-loads of text and you need to read most of it, no voice acting"
76561197992836808,Recommended,300550,13675272,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zoodog,Enjoyed this campain more then the returns basic campain and adds some nice new tools.  They do a good job giving you some very meaningful choices as the game goes on.
76561198020109566,Recommended,300550,13675426,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,NoGas,"Incredible game, dozens of steps up from Shadowrun Returns. Harebrain shows that they can tackle a larger, more complex product. A joy to play. Each class feel as though they have valuable roles to play, making each individual experience unique. Loved it. Really no other way to put it."
,Recommended,300550,13681123,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Doctor Dick,Good
76561198138957180,Recommended,300550,13691272,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ZaPapers,"This game is like someone waved a magic wand over a copy of William Gibson's ""Neuromancer"" and transformed it into a wonderful cRPG, but also accidently added a D&D guide to the mix. And the results were amazing.Shadowrun: Dragonfall is insanely impressive. The writing is intricate, detailed, and full of the world building goodness that makes you loveling remember games like Planescape: Torment or Baldur's Gate. You build a character from a blank slate, using a class system that is both manageable and flexible, allowing, for example, your Hacker class character to learn magic from the get-go, if  you so choose. And then the world unfurls around you, replete with body modifications, A.I.s, hackers, urban sprawl, street drugs, meta-humans, ghosts-in-the-machine and so much more.The graphics aren't jaw-dropping, but the environment and combat effects blend to create a great atmosphere and tone for the game. The combat is easy to pick up, essentially being a turn based tactical battle system where each character uses a pool of AP to move and attack. What's impressive about the combat is how organic it feels. The majority of your NPC companions start out with guns, and yet the turn-based system makes aiming, reloading, and firing fairly streamlined.Of special note is the Matrix portions of the game. Any character with Decking skills can jack into computer ports and hack computer systems. The Matrix is represented as a blue-data filled 3D map that uses the same combat system, but swaps out guns for software and hacking skills. This is a great cyberpunk element that also acts as a tideturner for certain scenarios. For example, one scenario has you infiltrate a warehouse only to have to backtrack out of it under heavy fire. All of a sudden, the Decker, who is little more than a squishy thief-style class becomes a powerhouse when she jacks into the warehouse's network and overrides the turret system. Too satisfying for words.If your a fan of old school cRPGs, well-constructed stories and settings, Cyberpunk or urban fantasy, do yourself a favor and pick this game up. It is well worth your time and money."
76561198031109140,Recommended,300550,13692298,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mordu,Almost everything I look for in a TBS single player! Very recommended.
76561198072823796,Recommended,300550,13703068,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Spetznaz,"The setting, story and characters are all excellent in this game. There's some very compelling conversations to be had and the lore is so deep, you can dig through it for a while without being bored.Gameplay has a lot of interesting mechanics, very old school. Not quite what I usually like, but I can still admit that it's pretty good.I'm really liking it, so far"
76561198002590521,Recommended,300550,13703544,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Friarfly,"Gamer culture frequently refers to games as being an art form akin to music, books, or movies. Not many games live up to that. The only game I remember playing that lives up to that idea as strongly as this game, is halflife 2. The gameplay itself is only good, the turn based combat is not on the same level as XCOM. But god damn is it a developed story and universe. There isn't a bunch of filler crap on every mission where it feels like youre grinding in order for the game developers to say ""we have 100 hours of gameplay"". There are occasional bugs, but in general the UI is intuitive and stuff behaves as it should. I thoroughly recommend this game to an extent that cant be said of many other games. I mean it when i compare it to halflife 2, or bioshock infinite. That is the level of story telling present in this game."
76561198035703040,Recommended,300550,13724006,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ziltcho Zalolowski,"Let me first start off by saying that I have not completed this game yet, but I still feel compelled to write a review. I picked up this game about two days ago during the sale since it was so cheap. I have to say, this is the most fun I have had in an rpg in a long time. The interactions between my character and the people of the world feel pretty genuine. It is nice to play a game where when I am an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to somebody they can call me out on it, or when I am being nice to win someone over they can see right through it. From a gameplay perspective I find the game to be even more fun. The only experience I have had with turnbased cover oriented combat was the Xcom series, which though I am awful at I still love. The combat in this game can be slow and strategic or very fast paced depending on how you choose to spend karma. Speaking of Karma, I am in love with how your skills effect the dialogue  in the game. Much in the way of how the Fallout series works (The only example I can think of) the skills you pick can have an impact on your characters speech. If you're in the mood for a fun game with an amazing story, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,300550,13725132,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Quindlyn,Fantastic RPG.Combat is very similar to XCOM: Enemy Unkown. Which is nice.The writing is really good.Characters are well developed.Plot is immersive.Definite 9.5/10.
,Recommended,300550,13725716,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,hipstergrizzlybear,"A mix of old school Fallout and X-Com.Totally recommended. Great story, good dialogue, interesting characters.Minor cons: Combat felt a little lacking. The enemy AI can be too predictable at times. Indoors, I abused doorways and bottlenecks, exploiting lightning barriers and other AP draining spells to keep the enemy controlled. I felt compelled to finish battles efficiently so I could progress the story.Other notes: Originally developed for tablets, the game looks awkward on large resolution screens. On a low-res touch-enabled laptop, the game played wonderfully.Final thoughts: I want a sequel. I want to follow Glory's story post-game."
76561198047961022,Recommended,300550,13766571,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DustyPhantom,"Whether you played Shadowrun Returns and loved it, or thought it fell short of the mark; you will love Dragonfall. It takes everything thats was good in Returns and adds to it.The story is less noir style. Its based around a specific team of runners, with personalities and backstories.With the release of the director's cut, the HUD became more streamlined and theres just more content to get you into your team.9.5/10"
76561197971510337,Recommended,300550,13770138,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,darnokthymaster,This game was cool before. But with the new DC its even better. Could be improved on the variety RPG side of things however it has a good solid cyberpunk story.
,Recommended,300550,13777570,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ravenous Latrommi,"This is a game I would recommend for any turn based strategy enthusiast.  The game is very fun and tactical.  The only problem I see with it is the percentages for chance to hit.  It seems like anything lower than 99% is a 50%.  I fired with a sniper rifle with 80% chance to hit and missed 2 out of the 3 times.  Other than that, i really enjoy this game. 9/10"
76561197960441642,Recommended,300550,13782983,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,KingMUH!,"this is how the first release of shadowrun (kickstarter) should have been like. impressive, great story - more identifikation with the char and more feeling like having living fellows at your side (emotions, own problems, ...). storydriven. many different places and great mission style. if you are into cyberpunk i wouldnt know which game there is besides this after all - and even if there was i doubt it having a better story. must buy."
,Recommended,300550,13791460,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,you're loco,"This breathtaking thing is rather old-school and classy. May cause loss of sleep, severe depersonalization and ""cant find my datajack"" syndrome. Goes best with drum'n'bass music and energy drinks (make sure to get lots of these before starting).This may be your only chance to get a life. Take it."
76561197997200379,Recommended,300550,13791704,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Timba,"Just my 2 cents here, it was one of the best games I played this year.It uses the good parts of small squad strategy of the new X:Com, adds a great mainstory, different sidestorys/quests, likeable/hateble characters and mix it all up with the best cyberpunk-universe I know.If you like turn based strategy games/rpgs and don't play this, you are pitiful."
76561198016603957,Recommended,300550,13797012,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fibulator,"If you like anything to do with cyberpunk, Dragonfall Director's cut does it right.  I mean, they really hit a grand slam on every aspect of the game.  It's a lot like an interactive novel, except you get to play out the fight scenes.  Plot driven Character development is the best I've seen, ever, in any game.  And... if that's not your thing... don't talk to your team mates.  If you do listen to them, you'll feel for them.  I have to say, not once, in any game ever, have I felt an attachment to any character, until now. I get chills playing through most of the missions, reading the deep well written back story for each and every mission.  The AI seems semi-intelligent as well... they always go for my shaman, as he's my weakest link, survival-wise.  And choices... so many choices.  Many skippable runs, some minor, some major. So many different ways to overcome obstacles... locked door?  Send a drone throught a vent, or have your ""muscle"" break it down, or have your decker hack the security terminal, or have your shaman astral plane and see the keys that have been pressed, etc.If you don't like to read, well, you may not like this game.  However, it really is a good mix of reading a compelling story and interactive elements."
76561198035373358,Recommended,300550,14391249,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SciSan,"Megacorporations, conspiracies, cybernetics, a dystopian word view with social commentary, moral ambiguity, high tech, low life. Get ready for the best cyberpunk experience since Deus Ex (with XCOM rng ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t combat)."
76561198049088130,Recommended,300550,13274202,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sauurman,Fantastic game!  If you like turn based tactical games with a good story this is the game for you.  I compare it favorably to the tactical choices you make in X-Com.  You don't get big strategical choices but you do have party RP management so its a trade off.First run through was a shaman but I'm already excited about what my next character will be.
76561198052285280,Recommended,300550,13408931,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LazorPeng,This Game is freakin' awesome 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,300550,13436120,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,pink monkey,very fun
76561198052280273,Recommended,300550,13669630,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drosophil Melanogaster,Many hours of fun gameplay and story. Must buy.
,Recommended,300550,13688250,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Katzengott,"Very fun and well-designed run. Lots of lore, lots of decisions to make. I'm not even through and have ideas for a replay. Yes, it's that good.A no brainer for tactical RPG fans.*edit after playthrough:*Really nice plot and different endings possible. High replayability. Also: There's custom content to download and play or you can make your own runs using the editor. Look out for their SR Hongkong project on kickstarter this year :)"
76561197996149587,Recommended,300550,13746960,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Snape Plissken,"I have never played Shadow Run returns but I saw this on sale and judging from what the other reviewers have said I thought this would be worth a try, - and my verdict: Totally worth it!I have not played an engaging RPG like this in years. It is not because of the game machanics that most modern RPG's have that make you grind and collect items for NPCs, I'm talking about the old school PC RPG games with intricate story telling and characters.I am so glad this directors cut is a stand alone DLC because because reading from what other people have said, this is a great improvement and should stand alone away from what mess had occured during the original release."
76561197972785668,Recommended,300550,13769779,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,downstream,"Great cRPG in the Shadowrun universe, which further builds on the achievements of Shadowrun Returns, which is my favourite Shadowrun game of the last decade.Like Shadowrun Returns, Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut perfectly captures the atmosphere of a dark cyberpunk future with magic. The combat system is great and has been further refined since the last game.I am now 20 hours into the Dragonfall campaign. It's a great game for a holiday, or if you can consistently sink a couple of hours per day into it. The great thing about turn based games: you can leave it at any point and come back to it later."
76561198029587508,Recommended,300550,13864608,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Asrayl,"Shadowrun: DragonfallGameplay: BPros; Design is streamlined, combat is pleasing, though possible to simply brute-force it on normal difficulty. Interaction/exploration yields a good deal of backstory, and provides a sense of verisimilitude and depth. Even minor characters have a semblance of being living, breathing creatures.Cons; A few interface hangs mar the experience without being game-breaking. Most noteworthy were action hangs in the matrix. Did not require restarts/reloads, but entering/exiting menus and quickly hitting end-turn were necessary.Character building offers a depth that can overwhelm casual players, and feel constraining for those who want to build something diverse.Inventory space is at a premium -especially for decker/rigger builds-.Story: APros; As mentioned previous, even the minor characters have a story to tell, and a place in the world. The central figures have much more so. A true sense of growth and change for those who put the effort into pursuing it.I won't go into details on the plot, but I will say that I personally found it well written and executed. The story told was one I wanted to keep hearing. I enjoyed the decisions, and the consequences thereof. I enjoyed the antagonist characters as much as I did the protagonists, and did not feel as though they were cartoon cutouts plastered up to give you something to chase.Cons; The only real downside I have is that I felt the experience could have been spread out a little more. But that sentiment isn't one of ""lacking value"", but rather a deep appreciation for the world I'd been immersed in, and a desire to see and experience more of it.Art design / Sound design:  BPros; The artistic choices reflect a deep understanding and appreciation for the IP. From the darkest slum to the brightest corporate office, the environments felt rich and detailed.The audio was rather simple, but conveyed all the meaning it was meant to, and never pulled away from the immersion of the scene.  The sound design as a whole fit the world it was built for, and I was impressed by some of the more subtle aspects in regards to audio for magic.Cons; In a nutshell? Old tools. With a bigger budget, and the same love and devotion, this could easily stand against AAA titles. I don't consider this a failing, but I hope to see more from HBS, and would love to see them tackle the shadows with deeper pockets.Replay value: Moderately low, by itself. Moderately high if the Shadowrun community puts in the effort to tell new stories.There are a lot of different ways to play through the game, and a lot of builds to experiment with. But like a good book, once you've read it, you know where it's going to take you. The journey can be fun, but the destination remains the same.My bottom line:If you enjoy turn-based combat and tactics, have no fear of reading a good book, and enjoy a darker tale, this will be right up your alley.It's worth the play, and I'm honestly kind of sad to have waited as long as I had to experience it."
76561198084595516,Recommended,300550,14433049,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Bludkill,"I liked the first Shadowrun game and this one is even better. It's done in the same style, but the side missions are more interesting and the story flows better. Well worth the purchase price, and even more so if it's on sale."
,Recommended,300550,14382601,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,joho,"Game mechanics have been tightened up from the first Shadowrun game and the writing is really solid. Not quite at xcom level for combat yet, but a lot of fun."
,Recommended,300550,14345892,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,WaferQuakey,"A great turn based game where you influence the story. It allows you to explore the various colourful characters around you and leaves it's story book written world to your imagine to fill in the holes. Gameplay will be very familiar to titles such as X-COM but with more depth with it's magic system and heavy role based gameplay. Interesting, full and an overall joy to play through."
,Recommended,300550,15327963,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Threegun Vash,"I'll start with the good of this game, which was very good: The Story. It's  Amazing. Playing through this game was a lot like a good book (slow, but really excellent characters with a well-developed story within a well developed world), except you can make interesting decisions throughout the book that can change the course of events in the world (how much it actually affects the story of the characters I don't know from firsthand experience, as I've only played through once).However, I unfortunately got bored with the gameplay fairly quickly. I found the battles to be slow, with frustratingly low hit%'s that didn't improve that much over the course of the game. I was pretty bored with the combat by about halfway through the game, but was so hooked on the story that I just kept playing. I found this surprising, since I'm a longtime fan of turn-based strategy games (I loved the old final fantasy tactics games, fire emblem, old and new X-Com, advance wars, you name it..) Of note, the very last chapter was significantly better about pacing combat than I felt the previous ~40% of the game had been.I thought the graphics looked good and helped get me immersed in the really cool world of cyberpunk meets elder scrolls anarcho-berlin. I'd recommend this game, but only if you're up for something slow paced and thoughtful."
,Recommended,300550,15603826,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[MoS] Naelok,"Shadowrun is a solid RPG that is good throughout, with rare moments of greatness.I played through the game on ""hard"" and think that is what most players will want to set it through. The combat system is a turned based strategy deal, but the tactical aspect isn't anything that is going to give anyone a headache. Keep your guys spaced out to avoid eating grenades, buff your main attackers with the aim bonus and haste and then shoot/punch everyone. The cover based/RNG system for hitting is rather bogus... you can have someone with a shotgun miss four times in a row from two meters away because the guy is kneeling behind a potted plant for instance. But as you go along, you'll figure out who to buff and blaze through most fights without much trouble.The story meanwhile is good and interesting. The world of Shadowrun is a weird sort of 'Okay let's do everything then' kind of world, with magic, hackers and sorcery. But the story is consistent and rich enough for you to sort of get immersed in the world. It has some issues though...First:The game tries to get you to make moral choices, usually involving how merciless you want to be. There are some interesting choices in here, particularly when the game pits your professionalism as a Shadow Runner against your morality (kill this guy in cold blood or botch the job, deliver the cyborg guy with no free will or free him). But that sort of thing leads to a bit of ludonarrative dissonance when on any given job you kill about 100 ordinary security guard dudes. Why's it only a dramatic moral choice when the dialogue box opens? Why doesn't my character ever agonize over whether or not killing Bob the Security Dude is the right thing to do?I feel that if a game wants to make keeping blood off your hands a major thing, then it should be a part of regular gameplay (a la Deus Ex), rather than just making it so that you are only concerned with NPCs with a name.Second:The game maybe presumes that you know more about this universe than someone who is first encountering it now would. There are a bunch of big choices involving dragons in this thing, but I never really had any idea what would be a good choice because my character had never met a Shadowrun dragon and was basically guessing what might be the best thing to do. Perhaps that is 'realistic', but I feel that the game needed to spend more time showing and not telling.Third:I hate that there's a four person cap on missions. When you're on a final mission where your team is making a last ditch heroic effort, it makes no sense that the fifth person is chilling in the van.These quibbles aside, it's a solid game with some truly excellent stories. Glory's side mission in particular was quite fascinating I have to say.I'll look forward to playing sequels."
,Not Recommended,300550,25938666,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jack in the Radio,"Would be a good game, but it is unfortunatly plague by a combat freeze bug that happens ever so often and has not been fixed since release.If you have patience to deal with this bug, it's worth buying it on sale."
76561198055650479,Recommended,300550,13485021,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,simian.me.042,"One of the better strategy RPGs of the last decade. Great depth of strategy, and a turn-based gameplay style that requires thought and planning to complete, especially in the later levels. It does a great job of capturing the feel of the Shadowrun tabletop RPG and should be highly enjoyable to anyone who loves the Shadowrun universe, or cyberpunk genre games in general."
76561198169944234,Recommended,300550,13605006,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Woof Wulf Waffle,"I own this on my Samsung Tab4 and on my Mac - very happy with both versions although the non-mobile verson is by far better looking, smoother, and with more non-essential features."
,Recommended,300550,13653513,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ProfessorCirno,"A good game!  Dragonfall in of itself fixed most of the flaws in the initial Shadowrun: Returns, and Director's Cut improves even further from there.  Fairly well done characters, a fun story, better then average writing, and overall enjoyable gameplay make this a major thumbs up."
76561197998248741,Recommended,300550,13672798,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,br,"Great story, very immersive with some welcome complexity.  Good characters, exciting missions, and satisfying RPG mechanics!"
76561198054742441,Recommended,300550,13680303,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Atty Cubed,OG McJankius /III V Sr. make this game amazing
76561198023696667,Recommended,300550,13706542,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Porkchop,Definitely an upgrade from  the original SRR.  I still feel the world is way to small/instanced but it feels much more lively this time around.  Changed the combat HUD which I am not sure why it really needed to change but I guess people complained abou it. I found it fine as is though I must admit it does look streamlined now. The option to bypass missions by several means is now available much more often than before. However it is still too linear for me. I just feel as if this game should be more open sandbox style. However as I watch the changes to Shadowrun Online it seems as if that is slowly going in the direction I had wanted for this game as well as its predecesor.Overall very solid gamplay. Combat feedback is very nice. I can now tell why I crit or why I didn't instead of having to vaguely guess why it happened. You command a team this time around which is kind of sweet and the story is much more intriguing for me. The Matrix still leaves so much to be desired and as such it's almost a waste to be a decker even though it can open up some interesting avenues. I can see myself playing a few runs through on this even if to only try a few different classes. The story wont change but at least I feel somewhat compelled to play it again compared to Returns.Don't forget to check out the workshop for custom UGC's. There are some that are definitely worth it including some that are still works in progress. I would reccomend Dragonfall if you don't have Returns as it is defintely the better of the two. If you did buy it and liked it or not I would reccomend giving this one a go especially while it's on sale.
76561198025109997,Recommended,300550,13832626,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,aaronhollan2,"My first time stepping into the Shadowrun universe and it immediately sucked me in. First of all the atmosphere the game wraps you in is fantastic. The world design is original and intriguing, the areas are beautifully rendered and the music is fantastic. The storytelling and dialogue options are well written and don't fall into some of the cookie cutter tropes other games fall into. Because it's the main reference I have, I would only say that the XCOM style turn based combat system which I love could use a little tweaking. I wish the game was longer because I have become quite immersed in the world, I look forward to more Shadowrun releases."
76561197992182587,Recommended,300550,13846914,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Reynix,"This game has everything!-Mages-Shaman-Melee-Weapon specialists-Hackers-Dogs-Drones-Humans, elves, orcs, trolls, dwarves... (i maybe missing out on 1 or 2)-Dragons-And many more!Mechanics is simple enough to get me into the game real fast. But, you can go much more deeper into it at the tougher difficulties.Interesting story plot. Dragons + cyber + elves/dwarves + futuristic setting (like combining LOTR and Matrix into 1 movie), and they actually managed to pull it off (at least for me).One downside is that you can't buy equipements for your team. I guess this is how they encourage you to start another game with a totally different class/build (to increase replayability?).Another downside is that, it has linear storyline. Sure, there are different interaction options, but the general outcome is always the same (kinda like telltale games).TL;DR? Get it when its on sale."
76561197995946578,Recommended,300550,13901425,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[KK] Beskins,"Best Game in a long time!I made decisions I regreted some, I am proud of even more.Sat in front of my pc with goose bumps.Wow I am so happy that i bought this game and had this experience.... Sounds like a fanboy? Yeah I am pretty flashed atm."
76561198052666459,Recommended,300550,14395538,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Opera,"A great game that made me revive the afternoons/nights I spent playing the PnP Shadowrun with my friends several years ago. The universe is really close to the PnP version, the customization of your character really matters (you cant get to some god-mode, you specialize in one field of competence and stick to it so you can assist your team the most efficient way), the storyline is nice and full of choices to make (the story takes a LOT of time to read, as every thing is really detailed and explained, dont think of this game as an aRPG in which you bash mobs because some NPC asked for a dozen fangs)..There are a few bugs though, annoying enough to notice them (most of the time, prevent you from ending a battle or leaving an area, forcing the quickload).Overall still, a really really good game, must-have for cyberpunk lovers !"
,Recommended,300550,14411821,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Haigotron,"+ It's a combination of the rich intriguing story and the cut-throat turn based combat that make this game so engaging.  + You will need to make difficult choices along the way.+ The Shadowrun universe is well portrayed, it's oozing with cyberpunk fantasy everywhere.+ Lots of fun abilities and different classes to play. Finding cool combinations is half the fun.- The interface could be better, it's hard to tell where your character is moving to sometimes. Furthermore, it's not clear if you have clicked on an interactive element.- The Matrix is a reskin of the basic combat.GO PLAY IT NOW!"
76561197973545611,Recommended,300550,14432512,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Yes!,"Shadowrun Dragonfall is the best CRPG I've played in a while.Some features I was particularly impressed with:Fully fleshed out campaign hub. The npc vendors don't just sell you med kits, they have stories and dialogue trees that change as the plot progresses. The game systems are all integrated with the story, so immersion doesn't get sacrificed.Flexible party system. Your 3-4 main npc companions can be supplimented by mercenary runners, allowing your main character to really be any skill-set without endangering your ability to complete missions. The companions each have their utility, often times being able to ""step in"" and help your character solve puzzles or negotiate.As a follow up to the above, your main character has a lot of customization options, as you grow in power you get to specialize or spread out your skills and attributes. Even going into the end of the game the choice of what skill to increase next was always a difficult trade-off. Unlike typical crpgs, your statistics like HP, damage and accuracy do not automatically improve as you advance, you have to allocate your points towards those goals. This lets you be well rounded or neglect area in order to specialize in others, depending on your play style.Battle difficulty is balanced by in-game choices. The truly difficult fights in the game are often avoidable, and the ones you are forced to engage in typically have alternate win conditions besides wiping out the enemy force. Even the toughest fights will have environmental aids in the form of bonus party memebers or interactable battlefield (targetable explosive barrels, enemy factions that will fight each other if you lead them into each other, etc).Dialogue and Diplomacy can play a huge part in your story, if you so choose. Conversations with important npcs have a *lot* of branches, some of which appear after interacting with the environment (reading a journal or e-mail) or having the proper skill. Your companions open up to conversation based on in-game events, giving the progression a very organic feel. Charisma gives the option of unlocking ""Etiquette"" traits chosen as you raise it, instead of just being a number. Every few points of Charisma allow you to choose an Etiquette specialization (Academic, Corporate, Street, etc), which allows the game to provide diplomatic options without letting a charming PC bypass everything. Most major encounters have a diplomatic option, but you can't have enough Etiquettes to charm everyone. This way even the dumb thug PC can be versed in gang etiquette without having to become silver-tongued, which is a nice alternative to the traditional ""low int/cha pc must kill everything"" default.Dragonfall's main flaws are in my opinion:Poor inventory system, you cannot trade items with party members in the middle of a mission. This gets annoying because your main character can only carry a few items, so you end up finding grenades, guns and stims that you can't pass to your party members till after the mission has ended. This will be changed in the next Shadowrun game according to their kickstarter.The isometric camera angle can obscure targets sometimes, forcing you to play ""find the pixel"" when multiple characters are adjacent and overlapping their models.Some noticable bugs (especially in the cyberspace segments). Things like disappearing enemy health bars. I didn't experience anything game-breaking but I did have one instance where my character was able to jack into the Matrix (the cyberspace world) twice at once.Decking/Matrix battles suffer from being really repetitive after the first couple times you jack-in. Like the Fade sequences in the Dragon Age series, the Matrix wears out it's fun. One fun part of some missions is having a decker jacked in to the system while the rest of your team are fighting, so you play 3 matrix turns for every 1 ""meatspace"" turn. Eventually I found the matrix portions to be boring, and longed to get them over with in order to return to the rest of the game. By the second half of the game the meatspace battles have many variables and strategies to try but the matrix mechanics never really evolve. Just as you get different gear, spells and abilities as you progress in the game, you gain ""programs"" for use in cyber warfare, but instead of getting more interesting the numbers just get bigger. Fortunately almost all the decking in the game is optional or has optional components.Besides those specifics, Dragonfall has good game mechaics and an excellent story. The turn-based combat system feels like a clean combination of Fallout and XCOM. The graphics are beautiful, especially the character portraits and scenery. The music and ambient sound are both top-notch, I usually listen to other music when gaming but the soundtrack here adds greatly to immersion. Despite its flaws I recommend Shadowrun Dragonfall to any fan of CRPGs and Cyberpunk."
,Recommended,300550,14545614,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lain,"I must say, when I got this game, I did not know what I was getting myself into. I have absolutely fallen in love with this game. I thoroughly enjoyed myself with it and got 40 hours of gameplay from the story. I love the story, the gameplay is satisfying, its my favorite genre (cyberpunk), and it was made by some pretty awesome developers in my book. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based combat rpg's. It's a must have, and I'm glad I got it."
76561197969952908,Recommended,300550,14367072,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Cereal Monstah,"Its a decent RPG turned based game. Its a good fix if you're having withdrawl symptoms fromWoW or eager to get a alternative fix to Fallout 3/New Vegas. The storyline is linear at first, butit fleshes out later in the game with multiple endings. There are subplots with multiple endingsand the character development is decent too; the core characters in your shadowrunningclique have enough depth to justify their abilities and give life to the game's environment.Graphic is nice, and the art direction is excellent with its blade runner-esque influence. Thegame play is about 15 hours+ depending if you're into reading wall of text or just headliningthrough. However, there is to be complain about the technical side of the game. The out ofcombat scene transition seem to stall at time. Could be a bug, but it is making loading andsaving game a frustration at time. It's a kickstarter game for sure, but for the time andinvestment put in this game its a high fun, high quality rpg game overall. 8.7/10."
76561198081260791,Recommended,300550,14393425,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,astrAL,"I don't have some witty comment or a pancake recipe, so I guess I will state some old fashioned pros and cons.Also since this game was originally a dlc I will be expressing its improvements and/or lack of.+improved game length+much better story+you are given a team, so you can see your teammates character develop+decking is a useful skil+more time spent in the matrix+Improved cyberware-/+ more story driven-0 replayability-still a bit buggy despite the time of my reviewOverall the game is a major improvement in quality and quantity from shadowrun returns. Its hard to find good story driven games nowadays, so I am glad we have this to add to the group. If your interested in story driven games, then you should try this."
76561197968640925,Recommended,300550,13220735,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,motzinator,"Never heard of shadrun but its part D&D and cyber punk.  You play any style you want.   The maps are fun, very challengeing.  The story telling is top notice, its funny, macabre and unexpected at times.  Update* The bad thing is inventorys of every character cant be accesed during a mission, meaning that you cannot pick up items with your main character and give them to other team mates during mission. The inventory on a mission is slighty small as wellThe story draws you in and everything else is pretty good90/100Buy it now!"
,Recommended,300550,13437405,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ViolentMouthLuv,If you like tactical turned based RPG's then buy it. Very simple concept.
,Recommended,300550,13439226,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zaracas,Incredible game. Makes me feel like I am playing the tabletop version. The only thing I think I would add is a more open world concept of course that is because I am a fan of that model.
76561198012635726,Recommended,300550,13468545,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,umblikal,Players who like fallout must get it.Great game! When will be the next one released???
,Recommended,300550,13540650,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,"""Mob""","Let me start this off by saying that I regret holding off on purchasing this game and it's co-hort, they have been exceptionally fun.Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut is an excellent game; the game has a very diverse universe and a very beautiful world wherein the game takes place. It's X-Com meets Fantasy, trolls and elves fighting high tech orcs and dwarves. Cast lightning bolts and fireballs, or summon spirits of fire and wind. If that's not your schtick, why not try sniping someone, after designating them your target with your laser sight eye?Ever wanted to be a cyborg with metal arms/legs, a datajack to hack into the matrix and eyes that see beyond those of metahumans? Do it, cast magic while you're at it. The customization system is exceptionally diverse, you can kill your enemies in a multitude of ways. Run n' Gun, cut to ribbons with a sword, throw shuriken into them, paralyze them with lightning, melt with acid...it's all up to you.The base classes remain, all having a facelift in terms of weapons and fun. The use for each playstyle really presents itself throughout the game, deckers will see and do things a mage never will, and vise versa. But, as it's an rpg you can be a spell casting robot controlling hacker, or a sword swinging spirit summoning ninja. You are restricted solely by your actions, the karma you earn and the imagination you have.Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut is my favorite game I've played in 2014, without a doubt. I'm endlessly excited to get every single achievment and continue to try different playstyles. If you're remotely considering this game, I cannot endorse it more. This is without a doubt and end all be all for those aspiring to see the cyberpunk dystopian fantasy world of shadowrun, but can't be in a PnP session. Seriously friends, pick it up!"
76561198025681070,Recommended,300550,13565274,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Neutralred,"Shadowrun as written by Bioware, and that's strong praise."
76561197994591727,Recommended,300550,13582261,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Maboroshi,First real exposure to Shadowrun and it was a lot of fun. I will definitely seek out further expansions to Shadowrun Returns.
,Recommended,300550,13604376,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,a walrus,"Let me preface this by saying three little words. Oh my god.Beautiful environments with delicately placed characters, each with a story, personalities, and, most importantly, the ability to pack a punch. Every character is useful. Each class has TRUE specialties that don't overlap. The story, even with my limited hours in-game, is absolutely engaging. This is the best turn based RPG you'll ever see. Rivaling XCOM for turn-based strategy, and Fallout for turn-based RPG, it takes a novel, animates it, and lets you interact with the characters trapped therein.This game is pure brilliance. 10/1011/10 with rice."
76561197962584972,Recommended,300550,13605096,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Recklessly Impressionable,"Unique setting, interesting characters, class diversity in combat, great support tools for modding....  I've played plenty of western and jrpgs this year but Dragonfall is the only one that has been consistent in every way and i'm sure i'll remember it for a long time. I'd be happy to keep buying new installments of this series as long as HS desires to craft them."
,Recommended,300550,13671541,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Labrys,Enjoying this game a lot more than I thought I would.  The story pulls you in right from the get go and is better than a lot of other AAA games out there.  The combat is very reminiscent of the rebooted X-Com games but expanded with more classic RPG elements.  Basically feels ike a cyberbunk Dragon Age.
,Recommended,300550,13692289,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,schooler912,"When i first approached this game, i was rather skeptical. The price was right and i wanted to play something new on steam as my xbox live subscription came to an end. I picked up the game with the knowledge that i was not a huge fan of turnbased rpg's nor was i experienced with the shadowrun universe. This game has completely changed my thoughts on the turn based genre. Boasting a retro style of play with nice digital graphics and amazing concept art, the game looks good. Through in an immersive story and multiple surprises around every corner and you have yourself a winner. The only minus to this game is the lack of a proper tutorial. Ive never read manuls though so im not really bothered. This is a must buy for any PC Gamer."
76561198088419851,Recommended,300550,13693695,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Th3R@b1dSqu1rr3l,"Obviously, this was a labor of love. This game is great!"
76561198024776977,Recommended,300550,13698882,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aerawen,"bought on Steam Sale, before it was further discounted.  no worries though.  so far so good.  i think i may prefer it so far over Wasteland 2"
76561198071770803,Recommended,300550,13702702,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ryry91,"Would highly recommend for anyone who enjoys a solid rpg. The character building takes some getting used to if you're nto familiar with how Shadowrun works but it is a refreshing change from the norm. The combat can seem slow but is extremely rewarding. Plus, cyberpunk fantasy."
,Recommended,300550,13705665,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,「Shibuya」,I was able to construct a fully realized playable character and his backstory through dialogue choices with my party members. That is very KOTOR2. Making Dragonfall a RPG worthy of your time.
,Recommended,300550,13730876,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RanielDeskin,"Wow. I haven't played any of the other Shadowrun series but this game was masterful. The story was incredible, the battles deep, and your choices matter. Feels like the spiritual successor to Fallout 2, which is very good. I want to let it soak in before I jump into another playthrough."
76561198060554287,Recommended,300550,13740037,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Über-Czar Admiral Komrad Markley,"So far it's been better than Shadowrun Returns in everyway. It fixed my one main problem with the last title, you had to pay for companions. This, was the opposite of what I would have wanted, and it seems that I was not alone, because companions are free, and your party can even go over 4 now. Instead of the one interesting character in the last game every character has had good personalities. You want to talk to everyone and see what they have to say. Shadowrun Dragonfall is a better game in every way, and trust me when I say that the last game is not the game you should buy. The games are not linked in anyway besides backstory for how the world got the way it is. Took an 8/10 game and made it a 10/10 game*.*not finished yet, could turn really terrible"
,Recommended,300550,13740319,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Barezi,Best game ever :)
76561198067071701,Recommended,300550,13761146,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ericlloyd79,"This is hands down the best turn-based cyperpunk game I've played, ever.  Love Shadowrun and love this game.  Keep making more of them please!"
,Recommended,300550,13772622,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Angry Wombat,My favorite RPG of 2014
76561198030835086,Recommended,300550,13813928,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,beak,"Just awesome! Never been a magic and fairies fan, but always had a softspot for Shadowrun. The game reminds me of the original Fallout and Jagged Alliance games (as well as the new version). Having come to SR as a complete newb its pretty easy to understand and to pick up. Having played this one I'm going back to try the first one and will definately be supporting the Hong Kong based sequel coming out on Kickstarter.If you like turn based RPGs then you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,300550,13841126,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,HandsomeHubby,"This is by far the best Shadowrun game out there. The director's cut changes *really* help. It feels like a true sequel to SRR. If you haven't played a shadowrun game, It might be better to start here rather than with the original that has some nasty difficulty spikes, and a less interesting plot.This game is in my ""best games of 2014"" as well..."
,Recommended,300550,13844915,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,iwontliveinfear,"Great story. Great sound.  My only complaint is the fixed isometric view.  I hope HBS updates the graphics engine in the next one to allow a rotating camera, but even if they don't, im still down."
,Recommended,300550,13862118,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CyberKhan,"This game was fantastic. It has some great improvements over the original and each of the classes are fun to play. Every problem has multiple solutions and at no time do you feel stuck or that you made some poor career choices that leave you stunted. The Dragonfall story is amazing, and I found myself entranced by the plot and all the details. To me it was like playing a great novel. A ton of reading and background and then interspersed by superb turn-based combat. I definitely look forward to the mods and other stories. This game is a must, I cannot recommend it enough."
76561197971972173,Recommended,300550,13873852,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Xeno,"Finally an incarnation, reawakening, relaunch, reboot, you name it of the original Shadowrun game from the days of the SNES - a version that finally captures the wonders of that game all that time ago. I never played the Megadrive version so no comment. This game is indepth, character development and progression are superb and the entire atmosphere including the music is spot on.I think I can state this much: if you loved the SNES Shadowrun back in the day, you should absolutely love this. Don't let that Shadowrun Returns put you off. 10/10 and highly recommended."
,Recommended,300550,14086082,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GRRRR,"Huge step up from SR Returns but thats prolly not news.Technically the standalone version has some upgraded graphics, some combat mechanic adjustments (Flanking is accounted for now) and UI changes which at first seemed not so great - fixed menues instead of collapsing ones meaning more stuff on screen - but provide more ease of use. Also more missions and stuff apparently but i cant tell, never played the expansion version. Id say get the standalone.Gameplaywise its all good. Combat is more or less the same but in terms of missions and stuff theres a noticeable evolution. Depending on your skills, things you did before, guys you got with you or even by just doing something in the world (down to just looking at a picture) which can open up dialogue choices without skill checks you can solve situations in different ways and get different outcomes. Doesnt need to shy away from the Fallouts and Arcanum in that regard.This time around you get a fixed crew which you can also outfit to a certain degree (still can hire runners - i guess those dudes would have unique dialogues and such too and theyre not that expensive anymore but ehhh), they also get their own little story quest if you care enough - which you should, even if its just for the upgrades they get as a result.Cons :- yet again feels abit confined, altho theres loads of stuff to do (id say you can clock a good 20 hours). Really wish there was an overworld like in the old SNES game where you could run around and shoot up random dudes for monies instead of just the Hub. Purely subjective of course, this way you really get a ""tailormade"" experience instead of instanced loot dungeons. I wouldnt have minded a few loot dungeons but yeah, subjective.- leads to : yet again so many shinies to buy and so little moneys, moreso since you now can give stuff to your dudes. I guess its for balance reasons but you get OP anyway?- leads to : to counter that the game introduces new layers of difficulty on the normal combat towards the end like timed objectives and then split objectives and then finally both at the same time. I guess its for varieties sake so you dont just have more and more mooks thrown at you; i found that hugely annoying and would have preferred more mooks. Yet again subjective tho.In conclusion, great stuff any negatives i could bring up are purely subjective. Heartily recommendedTL;DR buy it drekhead"
76561198091334687,Not Recommended,300550,17806180,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,K-Fed,Love shadowrun. Loved Dragonfall. Hit bug that made game unplayable that is still not fixed. Another unsatisfactory purchase on steam.
,Not Recommended,300550,23952530,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"this game feels like xcom. Its a good game,unfortunately the game always crashes when i tried to play on windowed mode. The controls are a bit clunky in the game and maybe im wrong but its locked to 60fps."
76561198050080395,Recommended,300550,26277710,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Blue Ygo,A must-play-game! You will not be disappointed!
,Recommended,300550,15460892,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,MelficeOne,"What to say, What to say?First of all, this game is a Standalone version of the Shadowrun Returns expansion ""Dragonfall"" and I would greatly, GREATLY encourage everyone to get this instead of the DLC. Okay, you can get both if you want to support the Davs, but this right here is the definite version of the Dragonfall campaign.I even consider this the better of the 2 given story campaigns, due to. Well. I'll come to this latersowhat to tell you about it? Its the Shadowrun system in all its goodness and Shine! The Story takes place in the Flux State of Berlin, Germany in a Kiez (a word usually used to describe a neighborhood, kinda like the word ""hood"" in english) named Kreuzbasar in the Happiest place on Earth - Kreuzberg.and a lot of the Story can be described as ""It was a simple job, no way it could fail - and then stuff got worse"" but that theme is done so well, the story grips you from the get-go and never lets you free again.Now, heres why I find this campaign better than Dead Mans Switch - You are given a Team. people you work with, that get a backstory, a personality. Sure, DMS gives you that shaman and battle mage from the beginning, but those are only slightly covered in the Story.Your team gives that story Life, it feels more vivid, more  like you are the Leader of not some rolled together bunch of runners, but the leader of a well oiled team.but then again, the story pretty quickly makes you the leader of the team, so yeah. you are pretty much stuck with themNow, you may ask ""Why shouldnt I just buy the Dragonfall DLC for Shadowrun returns?"" I tell you why: This version is spruced up the Butt with special features. For starters the ""Level System"" for the aforementioned crew. After certain waypoints you can choose one of two permanent perk for each memeber. From extra equipment, active and passive abilities to better weapons. and sometimes you are just stuck between a rock and a hard place with your decision! get an active ability that reloads all your weapons for no cost or fet 2 sniper shots (high damage and pretty good crit chance) out for the price of one?Then there is the matter of a few extra missions, one for a Sidequest fraction, The Lodge, and one for every of your teammates (deepening their story even more and giving you a good feeling of closure)Oh, and the character Missions end up giving you a permanent upgrade for the character in QuestionOf course, it comes with all the upgrasdes of the original DLC version, such as ore spells, more weapons and weapon types.The game itself, due to its pretty free character creation system, has a lot of replay value. just to try out different approaches. The fact that you arent retricted in your character creations lets yourself be open for a ton of different crazy  multiclassing options. Workshop Content is worked on heavily and the User Made campaigns are fun to play.The Editor program is easy to handle and with a good Idea you may want to make your own.combat by itself is still the tactical way, a lot like XCOM (2012), Your units gain a number of actions a turn and you use them to move around, use abilities, Items or just lay waste to the enemies. You can take cover to increase your chances of not ening up as a bloody mess on the roadside (or as an adept, just say ""Screw that"" and use your spell that gives you different srengths of cover for a few turns)Oh, and if you skill yourself right you will endu up fighing  Basilisks and mini-Dragons by funching them in the face. That alone makes it awesome"
,Recommended,300550,23698079,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,duMa,Slightly better than this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GPGQoR6f6w
76561197972325642,Recommended,300550,12246995,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,King Banhammer,"I enjoyed Shadowrun, I enjoyed Dragonfall, and the Director's Cut is, without question, a solid improvement on both.The new content is well-balanced for the timeframes in the campaign at which they are accessible, and add interesting depth to various characters (this is particularly noticeable for the Lodge mission!)The new tactical interface is a vast improvement over something that already was pretty solid and functional, and Harebrained has patched out what few glitches I noticed within days of release.Overall, I'd strongly recommend this, even if you were leery of the original Shadowrun release."
,Recommended,300550,28694061,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WombatCombat,this game is awesome.
76561198031328124,Recommended,300550,34067115,Posted: 6 August,all,Rizilliant,"Amazing story, brilliant writing that truly does an excvellent job painting a mental image like a well written novel.. Though through text, the player easily gets immersed, and can picture the surrounding environment, the setting, scenario, even the facial expressions, and mood of the person with whom you communicate, and those surrounding!The combat is really well done, as the player has control of 1-4 teammates (Shadowrunners) drones, summons, and can tackle each scenario several different ways be it hacking, magic, melee, firarms, or avoiding combat altogether via a Charismatic personality!Creating your player character is also one of the reasons I keep playing, besides the writing.. Trying out different classes, and combinations of classes is very addictive.. My first was a Dwarf Street Samurai, specialized in melee weapons.. As a Dwarf, I chose the axe! By Hong Kong, I was trying a pure summoner Shaman (I dont recommend it for Hong Kong, but is a great class for Returns/Dragonfall).. Then went back to Dragonfall as a Troll unarmed melee Adept! This time I tried my first Decker, and ended up being a powerhouse with 2 drones, and novahot decker!Be forewarned.. the games are written heavily with a liberal overtone, as is to be expected with the 'punk' universe.. Corporations are evil, Capitalism is bad, Climate Change is real, Racism, Sexism, etc.. As a conservative I noticed it, but it hasnt kept me from thoroughly enjoying Returns, Dragonfall, and Hong Kong several times over! The writing, atmosphere, and character progression, make replay value very high, and I cannot get enough of it!Then you come to the community created content, and Steam Workshop... There is a plethora of additional campaigns and other goodies to further expand the playtime, and new experience on all the titles! Some are even good!Dragonfall may be the best of the trilogy, as it has a constant cast and crew.. teammates with which youll get to know personally, and run specific missions for, if you play your cards properly! You can still hire mercs, but I very much prefer to run with a real 'Team'! This added heavily to teh emotional ties to this title!Well done HBS.. Bravo!Forgot to mention.. Theyre pretty cheap for the amount of entertainment received here! And can be gotten on sale, and/or in a bundle!"
,Not Recommended,300550,20202970,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KodingNights,"As in the previous game, game breaking bugs diminish the enjoyment of the game. If you can live with jumping through hoops to avoid triggering the bugs that make you restart levels because you forgot to kill that one last soldier in an adjoining room and now you can't get to him and you are perpetually stuck in combat mode and can't progress the story... well you get my drift. It's a great game but it is not acceptable to have these kind of bugs still after all this time and after all those patches."
,Recommended,300550,12634202,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,JesterZero,Shockingly good.
,Recommended,300550,13659043,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CryonicSuspension,"I fell in love with this game within 3 minutes of playing. That's a tribute to the talented wordsmith ( writer ) and the artists that designed the portraits. I ended up developing a crush on two characters.I would have liked a proper introduction, since I found the lore quite jarring ( cyberpunk meets fantasy ) and it got more surreal, as the plot evolved. It would have helped me to make different endgame choices ( I feel like I failed at the end ). I've never played the pen and paper game or the first Shadowrun game: ""Dead Man's Switch"".http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadowrun#Fictional_universeThe classes have everything from the traditional, offensive, elemental mage and healer to the more exotic: William Gibson style hacker, who runs through ""The Matrix"" like Neo; Rigger who fixes drones and uses them as pets in combat; Samurai sword wielders that go around slicing people's heads off; Empty-handed melee combatants, that channel Chi energy.The game has a couple of references to movies like, ""The Terminator"" and ""The Sound of Music"", so it would help to have watched those.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088247/http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059742/""Du Heist"" is my favourite piece of music in the game. The scene is a late night bank heist / data transfer, while rifling through papers, searching for clues and missing links:https://soundcloud.com/everistsound/shadowrun-dragonfall-directors-cut-ost-du-heist-blitzs-missionIt took me 66 hours to finish the game on ""hard"". I loved the tactical combat and plan on re-playing the game another 4 times, to experience other classes.I give this game 9/10, deducting a point for the lack of ability to rotate the map in combat, the lack of a dedicated ""move"" button and the cumbersome inventory that obviously needs redesigning.In 30 years of gaming, this might be # 5 on my list of ""Best Games of All Time""..."
,Recommended,300550,14589195,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Linearskillz,"What can I say? I think this game is amazing. Where the original Shadowrun: Returns was a bit rough around the edges - some clunky UI, very linear, no fleshed-out party members - Dragonfall completely remedies almost all of that. This truly feels like the game Shadowrun: Returns *wanted* to be.*Very minor spoilers may follow*The structure of the game appears to borrow from Baldur's Gate 2 - after playing through the introduction you are thrown into a situation where you need to raise a large amount of capital. At this point the game branches out significantly offering you many quests to achieve this goal. While you will likely end up completing all of the quests available to you the order in which you do them is completely up to you. Each quest is interesting and offers opportunities for role-playing and making moral decisions. The content is rich and satisfying, with strong writing complimenting the challenging combat encounters. There's tons of dialog to read in-between quests that help flesh out the world of Dragonfall and bring everything to life.The UI has received a much-needed overhaul from Returns. There is now a more traditional skillbar and animations are performed faster which makes for a more satisfying experience overall.I see many people with this game in their libraries that have no yet played it. What are you waiting for? Play this *now*!  You don't have to have played Returns first, but it would definitely help you appreciate the vast improvements made in this Director's Cut.I am truly excited for the release of Shadowrun: Hong Kong. If the improvements from Returns to the Dragonfall are indication of what awaits us then we are in for a hell of a treat!"
76561198149221824,Not Recommended,300550,33769979,Posted: 24 July,all,The Man the Myth the Matt,"Ok, one of the only things I really hate about steam is you can't leave a neutral review. Either you love it or you hate it in the way this stupid review system is set up. Now with that out of the way, let's get to my poinst:Positive:This game has great atmosphere, pays great homage to the RPG Shadowrun, really captures that dark distopia vibe. The Soundtrack is quite good, but it does get annoying after awhile.The characters are interesting, the story is engaging with great writing and lots of choice. Your skills sometimes allow you different diologue options which is a great mechanicA good mix of XCOM and Balder's gateLots of choice with your character buildNegative:The Story NPC's are TERRIBLE UNITS. They SUCK and I mean SUCK. You really need to use them to support yourself, who can actually deal more than five damageThe RNG screws you over, it is not fair. You'll find yourself missing 80%'s, 90%'s, and even 99% chances to hit, sometimes many times in a row, while enemies consecutively snipe you with shotguns.The end mission is AWEFUL. It's a monotonous slog where they constantly pit you against hordes of enmeies with excessive amounts of HP, which the RNG will rarely allow you to hitThe last fight is disgustingly easy, and disapointing.The enemies do't do enough damage to actually cause you to loose because of RNG, however it becomes frustrating when you know that you will win but it takes foreverConclusion: I like this game, I like the series, It's just the developers seem to think that the combat is the best part, and it's not. The best part of this game is the story and the choice you have to play the main character the way you want to."
,Recommended,300550,22527239,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Grimtongues,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a solid sequel and I recommend it for anyone who enjoyed Dead Man's Switch.  The story is better this time, and with far more dialogue immersion.  There is a great deal more combat in this game, but you can still avoid most of it with clever decisions.  All of the classes are useful, and the NPC team is highly competent.The director's cut edition fixes many of the problems from SR:R.  There are a few times when enemies will take a long time with their turns, but it's rarely more than a few seconds delay if they do get stuck.  During two playthroughts, I've only once had to reload a save due to a glitch."
,Recommended,300550,22515202,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Wayfare,Love this game. The Shadowrun: Unlimited Mod from the workshop that is making a bigger sandbox type makes this very much worth getting too.
,Recommended,300550,17995142,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Fart Cat,The world the game presents and the NPCs they populate it with are fantastic. The game mechanics are pretty good too.
76561198111552865,Recommended,300550,30252266,Posted: 28 February,all,kingerso,I love everything about this franchise.  Cyberpunk turn-based strategy with diverse char. classes and multiple solutions to complex missions.  what's not to love?11/10 - would rig again
76561198008795902,Recommended,300550,12599101,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Monocause,"Finished Dragonfall yesterday. While it felt good and i definitely got my money's worth, I felt half the game went against the other, so to speak, or that the core mechanics in the game were bit disjointed:1) The way skill checks work in conversation feels annoying. If I don't have enough strength to pick a certain option, don't even show me that option. It feels like the game is constantly taunting you to spread your karma points around but then punishes you if you do so as that makes your character significantly less viable in combat.1a) Now i know most of the additional conv options is story fluff and only occasionally alternative objective paths/bonus goodies. Problem is showing the greyed out options shatters the illusion of choice and, by proxy, replayability. If I wouldn't see the greyed out options i would feel tempted to reroll a different character after my current playthrough just to see how certain convs play out when playing a strong decker instead of a charismatic mage. Due to seeing different options and noticing how all of them lead to the same outcome I don't feel tempted much.2) There's one optimal character build: Rifles, rifles, rifles. Long range? Carry a sniper rifle. Short range, grab an AR and then switch to a minigun. All the other weapon types are subpar compared to rifles. They tried to fix this by introducing weapon variety like tasers in the pistol group, or accuracy/different firing modes to some shotguns. Still, what's the point of tasing someone when you can unload full auto on him and kill him outright or in 2 rounds.Buffs are nice but redundant when you've cyberware and stims. Mages damage output shines only for a brief moment in the mid-game and then falls behind again. Shamans suck a bit as there's only a handful useful conjuring spells and spirits are too unreliable unless you pick the creator totem (which is one of the few useful totems in the game, by the way). Deckers are plain bad and matrix segments don't really justify having them around if you ignore story fluff. Riggers scale weirdly but are still worse than other choices and if the drones are gone they're dead weight. Melee is lacklustre.Seriously, I played through this game on hard and had a feeling all the time that having four runners with miniguns/sniper rifles/grenades would steamroll through everything there is in the game without issue. Also would feel like playing Syndicate.3) The party system is very restrictive and, what adds insult to injury, the game capitalises on these restrictions to work around basic design flaws outlined in point 2 which never should've been there in the first place.Ultimately I'd say the game's got lots of soul backed by great visuals, great music and a solid storyline but the PnP->cRPG translation is pretty bad which effects in a poor party system, basically non-existent loot system, poor character development and poor combat (although it did get considerably improved compared to Dead Man's Switch so kudos where they're due).Don't get me wrong, it all works, and it gets the job done and ultimately the game is quite enjoyable - but when HBS start working on a sequel they should go back to the drawing board and rethink the way they want to do it from scratch. The whole team is there, what you need is a proper systems designer."
,Recommended,300550,15938583,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,favus,"Better story than AAA titles, A fantastic combat system - once you get your head around it one of the best RPGs on the PC - You don't have fancy cut scenes - Nor massive CGI but you don't need all that.Back to basics - lovingly using the Shadowrun rulebook - this game really cares about where it came from, and it shows - I can't recommend it i highly enough, on sale at less than £5 you would be an absolute FOOL not to add this gem to your Steam collection.Essential for any RPG fan."
,Recommended,300550,12242223,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,NotABot1,"Great story, just as good as the last one. A little buggier, but very enjoyable to play with all the new stuff they've added."
76561198006573232,Not Recommended,300550,17057292,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Warhawke,"I am a huge fan of the Shadowrun universe but this game is impossibly broken. Don't waste your money. Typical game goes like this its 4 vs 40, your runners fire 20 shots with a 96% chance to hit and all shots miss except one which hits one enemy for 2 damage, 40 enemies fire and each scores 2.0x crit for 35 damage with shotguns from sniper rifle range and despite your runners being in heavy cover and wearing max armor and having maxed dodge. This happens over and over and over to the point you don't actually expect you will hit anything most of the time you attack - so much for feeling heroic.I actually found myself wishing I was playing the AI units cause they kick butt compared to your runners. You are regularly forced to run through doorways and small hallways that the enemy will unlease 10-20 grenades on your team which cost 10x what you would earn for the mission. Luckily grenades dont do crap for damage - go figure. After expending all your health kits that cost more than you will likely get paid for the mission you either run out of money or the game locks up mid mission and you reload to an old save losing a level and having to reread 45 minutes of dialogue boxes. Was this game even tested or balanced? Tried really hard to like this game but its just too broken."
76561198048692908,Not Recommended,300550,15606512,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,dregen54321,"Months after the game is released, I still encounter multiple game-stoppijg bugs that cause me to lose up to hourts of gameplay. You can avoid these bugs if you -Save every 5 minutes.Don't use any pets.Read forums beforehand before any mission about possible bugs.Unfortunately this game was released unfinished and buggy, probably because they ran out of funding."
76561198008447684,Not Recommended,300550,16571111,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Darkman,"As much as I've enjoyed this game, I cannot recommend it to anyone, given it's current state.  The gamebreaker is this:  There is a certain mission late in the game that is bugged, in that it will delete save game files which prohibit you from continuing the game; you have to play the mission through without any saves (good luck)."
76561198052704751,Not Recommended,300550,14470738,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,me_since_1986,"I would say that Shadowrun Returns is like 4 or 5 on 10. Not enough missions, not enough actions, on a 12hrs walkthrough I spent like 5 hrs reading, not that is bad, but half of it was so boring. Dragonfall got a much better storyline, more actions, but maybe a little too hard... 5 on 10. The ratio between fun and frustration is not good, more frustration than fun and videogames are about fun, so I think the developpers litteraly miss the point of doing a game."
,Not Recommended,300550,16033353,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Arkanae,"I really wanted to love this game. I did.But it has the same problems as its predecessor, except less smoothed out by post-release tinkering: difficulty spikes.One minute things are really stupidly easy, and the next... insta-kill repeated over and over every time I start a mission.Games are supposed to be challenging, but fun. This is neither."
,Not Recommended,300550,21391294,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Frederik Bukowski,I'd enjoy this game a whole lot more if my saves didn't randomly disappear 3 hours in.
,Not Recommended,300550,18799200,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zeejet,"While the original reboot (Shadowrun Returns) can be tauted as a revival or ""return"" to the vibrant cyberpunk world know as Shadowrun, this game fails to improve on the former's shortcomings and feels like a long DLC campaign rather than a proper sequel or improvement.I have the same issues with this game as I had with Shadowrun Returns. It hasPros:+ Very engaging setting for cyberpunk fans; not many games address this fantasy/sci-fi setting.+ Crisp isometric visual presentation and art direction.+ Well integrated gameplay between roaming and combat.Cons:- Utter lack of depth in gameplay mechanics; tries to be XCOM but succeeds only superficially.- Decking/hacking mechanics are also incredibly shallow.- Completely linear storytelling; decisions do no tmatter and side quests are uninspiring and feel completely unnessesary.- Poor character development; players should feel invested in their characters.Overall, I would not reccomend this game to anyone other than die-hard fans of the franchise or of the cyberpunk setting. It's not very expensive to buy however, so the value is not nearly as bad a disappointment as the content."
76561198024114100,Not Recommended,300550,13486706,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ForeverZero,"You have less autonomy than in Shadowrun Returns, you're saddled with Monikas team right off the bat and you're stuck with dialogues that are meant for befriending them or you can choose to mess up those forced relationships with significant and dire consequences later.Forget the feeling of an independant shadowrunner who hires help and has associates he pays for when needs be. Now you're stuck with a crew integral to the storyline whether you like it or not. You can still hire help for side missions and pay for other shadowrunners but with the crew you already have that's completely free of charge it's pointless.I didn't like the lack of freedom in this scenario. It has more items, weapons, spells, outfits and stuff in general but the forced relationships with a crew you didn't get a choice with in the beggining make me feel like Shadowrun Returns was better written and scripted.This game has a more ''Mass Effect'' feel than I care for. You're basically Shepard in this game.Not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,300550,31400374,Posted: 27 April,all,Trauma Advocate,"It's been a long time since a game has come out that really makes me want to play through a second time.The storytelling in Dragonfall is something one rarely sees in a video game. Simple narration most of the time, but sublimely detailed, and loaded full of complex and subtle characters that all feel real and deep. When you act nice for no reason, they tell you to screw off, and when you pry into their backstory, they resist. Dragonfall brings the world of Shadowrun alive like no game in the franchise ever has before.The actual gameplay has a narrow focus, and consists of equal parts roleplaying and simple-tactics, cover-based combat. The various classes, spells, equipment, and level system give you enough to get creative with your strategy but keep the fights moving along. Combat WILL seem too slow or simple for some players, so keep that in mind if you think this may apply to you.Another fantastic selling point is the way Dragonfall consistently hammers the player with legitimate, difficult moral choices. As a tool to the people with real power, the player has to be willing to accept a job on very little information, and compromising one's morals is nigh-inevitable in the face of daunting odds and the never-ending pressure to acquire more money for a greater purpose.I can't recommend this game enough. Dragonfall does what the Shadowrun Returns sought to do, better."
76561198083576124,Not Recommended,300550,24543784,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,"- constantly missing 80-90% hits- every combat situation is the same: whole team comes trough narrow hallway, enemies have the first turn for some reason, and then the grenades come down which ALWAYS hit and ALWAYS crit- cannot manually engage combat mode to tackle the beforementioned pointother than that, great game"
76561198014021112,Recommended,300550,16717310,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DiogoSN,"Shadowrun: DragonFall is one of the best RPGs I have ever played and this isn’t being a fanboy on the game, I’m saying this genuinely! NO! DON’T COMMENT! JUST BUY THE GAME NOW! But because I like writing reviews, I’ll go ahead and write one… quite a shocker I know…Shadowrun is a tactical-turn-based RPG based in a dark futuristic cyberpunk world mixed with magical fantasy. I love cyberpunk, showing us what the future of humanity could be, especially when new technologies start changing dynamically society. Magical fantasy just opens up many more possibilities for the game’s story that just makes me want to discover more about it!So here’s basic initial story of SR: DF, you’re an ork or troll or dwarf or elf or a human (BLEAURGH, I hate human beings) who is a Shadowunner working in Germany in the year of 2055! You run... in the shadows… surprisingly enough… It’s just a fancy alternative word for “mercenary”. You join a new team and you start off immediately in a mission to assault a glamorous manor! Unfortunately, everything hits the fan and you bail off the mission! Now you and your team need to discover what’s behind the screw up of the mission, along the way you’ll be in place of awesome sidequests that vary the gameplay and narrative!Pacing is very important in game because it avoids the curse of monotony and makes it so the player wants to unravel more to see what the game has to offer more. This is why I consider RE4 one of the best games ever: pacing! Missions range from loud violent fights to others that can avert any kind of fighting if you handle the situation properly. For example, one of the missions is to stop this anti-metahuman that glorify the human race as the only true superior one… in Germany… why does this ring a bell? Progressing is downright enjoyable since you’ll just be unravelling more and more mysteries through the storyline. It is quite linear, you can verge a bit to the right or to the left but at the end of the day, you’re going in a “one way” direction. I don’t mind that actually, I prefer a better structured RPG game rather than one that isn’t as organized and you’re just faffing about. This doesn’t mean that I like to have my hand held, I just like everything properly placed in order.The writing is just spot on, it’s not stereotypical and exposition is delivered properly without being shoved down your throat purposely. Talking to characters requires some commitment to their personalities, constantly spamming the “ask X about Y” won’t make them convince them to trust. Don't get me wrong, what I’m saying here isn’t a DYNAMIC dialogue system, you’ll know how to handle your team in conversations right at the get go if you read their profiles in your PC. What’s trickier is handling characters who aren’t of your team, that’s where the challenge in the dialogue comes in, but really, it comes down to your luck and subjective thought, just like in any other RPG.Good characters, good arcs and good story (much better than SR: R).That’s all that needs to be said about the narrative. I would’ve, however, had much more diversified team, you have only one metahuman, but their personalities compensate that.The Shadowrun reboot continues its mechanics similar to another reboot: XCOM – Enemy Unknown.  A simplified tactical squad turn-based strategy is how I’d describe this, however if you’re looking for combat, XCOM would serve you better. Your key to victory are: chest high walls!My main issue of is that Shadowrun’s combat doesn’t have the same visual feedback and depth of XCOM. For example, due to the pre-rendered backgrounds, you don’t have any environmental destruction that can change the level drastically. The only environmental variables in the game are conveniently placed explosive barrels, although unoriginal, they do help with the variety of the battles. That said, this doesn’t mean that the combat system isn’t good and even then, the game tries a couple of small things. You have different firing modes for your weapons, different types of throwables, different melee combat options, battle drones, different magical powers that inflict status changes to characters and the game promotes a lot of consumable uses. The real environmental interactions come from outside of the combat that might affect the combat itself. For a simple example, if you search hard enough, you may be able to turn off the enemy turrets.As any RPG, the game has progression system which is a very important part of the game, not only for the combat, but for the story as well. You don’t gain EXP, instead you gain Karma points in small numbers and they do depend when and how your receive them.  Like in Fallout, you can use your points on a certain event to get something out of it. It’s a nice implementation, combining mechanics and story in a subtle way, although it’s a tad awkward to think of life like mathematics. There are two big criticisms that I have, which is that the most useful attribute is that of charisma (because you can sweet talk anyone to convince them to your side and most of the time, you’ll be chatting in this game) and your teammates (depending on their specialty) can replace the missing attributes that a situation asks from you. That’s why most of the time I took Blitz because he could easily hack anything that my character couldn’t.This standalone expansion also improves the UI significantly. Although it places an awkward “directional pad-like” UI on the right bottom corner, almost like it was meant to be ported to a console. Hopefully, it will.The AI is as good as that of XCOM: EU, no real complaints about them. They’ll be as efficient as they can be before they’re put down.The combat gels well with the story and changes itself according to the situation of the plot thus, it keeps up with the aforementioned good pacing which makes the majority of the combat quite special and unique. Yet, there was one annoying mission that you had to chase down an enemy and at the same time, fight others, kept getting away because you were getting easily killed by other gunman. I also remember a mission where you had to go through constant groups of enemy in such a way that it felt like a sudden difficulty spike. Glad those were the only moments the game irritated me. However, if you go down, then it’s game over, even though your teammates are up. There is no permadeath aside from one mission and there isn’t an injury system from XCOM, I don’t mind that, considering you’re always limited to at max 4 characters to take you with. However, that permadeath mission might’ve made the missions ahead much more difficult than usually.XCOM: EU was good but it had its issues, like the severely restricted 2 Action Points, it did remove many little niggles like crouching behind cover but your tactics were limited. Same happens with SR: DF, you won’t get an extra action point until about the beginning of the end of the game. What’s more annoying is that you can’t control your characters in an RTS style, they all follow your character’s lead, which makes “door breachings” very awkward. So you’ll be out on the open as you breach through a door.Graphically it runs in the Unity engine, with low quality models but beautiful pre rendered backgrounds. Options are scarce and for some reason, the game runs terribly when you zoom out, dropping the framerate to 30 even though there was nothing special of the game. Other than that, there are no technical issues aside from the AI freezing during its turn.So yeah… that’s Shadowrun: Dragonfall! The Bollock's Edition has 33 hours of a nicely paced RPG  with a memorable narrative and satisfactory turn-based gameplay. I recommend you play Shadowrun: Returns, it’s still worth it and if you play this first before Return, then you won’t enjoy it as much. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,300550,13649699,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,It fixes alot of problems the original has.
,Not Recommended,300550,23131108,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BLOODSH⊕T,"If you're a fan of oldschool, top down RPGs with turn based mechanics and heavily nuanced story elementsand many forking paths to go down, you'll enjoy that aspect of this game.Much of the game looks lovely thanks to the illustrated, static backgrounds, and the character models get the job done if you don't look too close, but once you do, it looks kind of like you're playing with old WoW characters with a cyberpunk sheen.If you find yourself sympathetic to the storywriter's worldview and you enjoy this genre, you won't be disappointed by much but some of it's visuals and relatively short length compared to other similar games and other entries in the series.If you're apolitical or centrist, however, and new to the genre, I couldn't possibly recommend this to you in good faith, as the game loves to preach to you - not all the time, but often enough to make one feel alienated, frustrated, and dissatisfied.Extended:The story and setting themselves are great, and really fleshed out. Your character can develop in many different ways, with a myriad of different skill sets that all feel powerful, and most importantly, useful.  It feels awesome and dynamic, and that's whatgave me incentive to try this game out. The game works- doesn't reinvent the wheel though as far as isometric turn/tile based strategy games go though, so I won't go on about it.My one gripe with this game, and I'll be blunt, is it's politics. I don't have a problem with the theme and setting catering more to far left or right sensitivities, people are entitled to their own opinions, and matters of ethics andmorals are entirely subjective, up to the interpretation of the individual but the writer apparently doesn't think so.It takes me out of the whole experience- anyone who's a fan of this genre wants to play the game and experience it through their own eyes, draw their own conclusions- it's meant to be a role playing game, but the game seems confused over who is ultimately in control, the author or the player.Moral nuance simply doesn't exist in this universe, at least when we're dealing with issues of intersectionality and identity politics (which the game does A LOT) and I find it above all, childish and irksome.There are many other RPGs out there that handle such things much better- I won't name them, but many games come to mind where you are given factions to choose to ally with that may seem good or evil at first, but in the end, they all end up having their reasons, real and tangible reasons that make the characters feel like actual human beings with depth and personality. But this game doesn't really seem to have that in any consistent manner- the good guys more often than not are good because they're good, and the bad guys more often than not are bad because they're bad (or worse, brainwashed by the REAL bad guys), and to add onto the whole absurd affair, your dialogue options pigeonhole you into the same false dichotomies.NPCs range from the well-made and sympathetic, to the typical two dimensional moustache twirling jerkoffs, and it makes the game feel less like a proper RPG and more like some subversive, half baked propaganda piece half the time. It might fly in Mass Effect, but the Paragon/Renegade♥♥♥♥♥♥here feels sophoned in and preachy, and I feel like I wouldn't have so much of an issue with this aspect of the game of the rest of it wasn't so well executed and balanced by comparison. And then in the next mission everything is fine again- you're called in to do some work for a shady organization, with a team they cobbled togetherseeming at random, and you have to choose to support one or the other, and it feels great, it feels dynamic and real and multifaceted again, just as an RPG in the modern era ought to be.IF you can ignore all that, have at it- it's a great game in every other aspect, from the visuals to the world building to the core mechanics and character progression, well worth the measly fifteen dollars."
,Recommended,300550,22772162,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Anthrob,"It's ok until the end, when it gets umplayably buggy."
76561198013330682,Not Recommended,300550,17173111,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Mighty,"The fluff is the most interesting part of this game.  The mechanics are poor, very poor.  Irrespective of your % to hit you'll hit on an every other shot basis, I've missed on a 99% chance on more than a few occasions, regardless of difficulty.I wish I had read some of the other more negative reviews, as this is just sloppy workmanship, irrespective of the 'indie' tag.  FTL is under the same tag and is light-years better than this.Simply not good enough to enjoy this game.  Can't recommend this and will avoid the dev from now on, which is Harebrained Schemes LLC.Done.Oh yeah, forgot to give it a score.  This is ♥♥♥♥ing dire and the indie title doesn't save it when they expect people to pay for it.  Uninstalled and dismissed.  I only wish this was via CD/DVD so I could use the ♥♥♥♥ing thing as a coaster.2/10  DNP"
,Not Recommended,300550,17366543,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Spirtikus,"Dont buy it, its bugged as hell. Freezing whole game."
76561198032259730,Not Recommended,300550,20359045,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sbytov,"I didn't like it.Having played Shadowrun returns and reading all those positive things about this one I was really confident that Dragonfall was even better. That's why I am really frustrated now when after couple of days of playing this I realize that I hardly will play it any further.The things I liked a lot in Shadowrun returns were mostly the plot, the atmoshpere and the dialogs. I even felt myself as in a crime movie playing a detective first. I read each dialogue and enjoyed it quite a lot. The NPC i talked to was charismatic enough to be involved and to be interested what they may say next. Most important, I could belive the story.All this is missing in Dragonfall. From the very beginning all the tasks are of cosmic importance. The motivation of the hero is absolutely not clear. Fight such terrifying opponent to revenge for a girl you don't really care about... Hard to believe. The NPC's talk a lot but I was tempted to skip majority of dialogs as I already knew what they are going to say.Too much and too boring.The long story short - something essential has gone from Shadowrun and I really feel sorry about it."
,Recommended,300550,23453619,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tony_the_tigga,I've been a shadowrun fan since the 16bit era.  This game doesn't disappoint.
76561198036994018,Recommended,300550,13873169,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kaskoril,Decent game
76561198010423636,Not Recommended,300550,21537259,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,blizzard5314,"I played for about 10 minutes, then it froze. But that was cool. I'm pretty sure the game had already run out of fun at that point.After that, I bit the bullet and played for 20 more minutes. I found out my saved games wouldn't load. Alternating saves. Neither would load.I verified my files, re-installed the game, did the whole damn dance. No dice.I started over, this time saving across many different files. Until none of them worked anymore past a certain point.Something to keep in mind: I've never completed the first mission. This game is a pile of bugs held together by sticky bug guts.Wait for it to go on sale. Good for about 10 minutes of fun before the fact that it's just a rancid pile of horse bowels catches up with it."
,Recommended,300550,16771672,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Atlanis,"I just finished this game. I played it on Normal difficulty for most of the game (mostly because I started a shaman and quickly realized that I had no idea wtf I was doing).This is one of the best games that I have ever played.StoryThe story starts off pretty straightforwardly. Bad♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. Team gets pulled into events larger than themselves. Videogame ensues. Where it really shines are the myriad of reveals and twists that happen throughout the story. In particular, the reveals at the end of the game (final 2 missions) completely upended what I expected in a way that I'd never expected. Being a shaman gave a bit of bonus insight into the mind of a principal character, which felt like a satisfying reward for sticking through with this character.The story is also filled with choices, but these are typically the grey-grey-grey choices instead of BioWare-style Good-Ambiguous-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ choices. Many of the choices offered opportunity to develop the character of my avatar in my mind, although there were no particular incentives to do that over just picking the one I liked best.Overall, I found the story compelling and the choices it presented interesting and probably worth playing through again with a different style to experience other branches.The MusicTop-notch electro. Despite repeating over, and over, and over, and over, I never found myself getting sick of the music. The final mission and epilogue have separate themes that really made the final chapter+epilogue stand out.The GraphicsNothing to write home about. The game is isometric with small 3D sprites with relatively high levels of detail. There aren't a huge variety of sprites (just combinations of the races + the different styles -- corporate mook, runner, etc), but they get the job done and are usually visually clear. When they aren't, the UI makes it pretty straightforward to identify which targets I should focus first -- though it does require mousing over each unit individually.The GameplayThe gameplay can be roughly divided into combat and non-combat sections. Combat is pretty standard turn-based RPG combat. If you've played Fire Emblem, Final Fantasy Tactics, XCOM, or any of a number of other turn-based RPGs, you'll have a good grip on it right away. With that said, the combat is polished and feels smooth. It heavily rewards good placement and organization, as well as proper pre-mission preparation. I very rarely found myself frustrated with it, and when I did it was mostly the fault of the UI mucking things up.Speaking of the UI, it has some issues. Later in the game, playing a spellcaster is annoying because of the amount of scrolling back-and-forth one has to do to access all of a character's spells. I accidentally ran my sniper (Eiger) across the map many times by clickingnext toa mook rather than on said mook. There is no confirmation of one's actions, so I was left with the choice of reloading or living with the mistake (which effectively costed a turn each time because of the distance traveled). I feel like a confirmation on every movement would have gotten annoying very quickly, however, so I don't know what a good solution to this problem would be. Keep in mind that I often played on a laptop without an external mouse, so when playing with a proper mouse this may be less of an issue.The non-combat segments of the game are well done. They typically involve information gathering from NPCs and computer terminals, conversing with one's team, and shopping. Looting is infrequent and mostly gives medkits -- not gear. Gear progression is limited at best, and shopping for equipment was frustrating due to poor descriptions of some stats on armor and weapons. Googling cleared up some of the confusion, but I still ended up blowing more nuyen than necessary figuring the system out. Most equipment seems to fall into one of three tiers: starter, mid-game, and late-game. There is a wide variety within each tier to support many different playstyles, which is good because the main progression system (karma) does as well. Shopping for equipment is not done frequently, so this annoyance rarely cropped up.The karma system is the game's primary method of player power progression. Karma is earned by completing missions and making story decisions,notby killing things. This removes the awful incentive to fully clear a map before continuing in order to maximize XP. That incentive would fly in the face of the get-in-get-out shadowrunners are shown in-game to favor, so this is an excellent choice. From what I understand, this also mirrors the tabletop's structure -- though I haven't played the tabletop so I can't comment on the extent of the similarity.It took some time to figure out exactly what I needed to spend points on. I feel like shamans are the least clear 'class' to play (speaking of classes: there are none, only karma. the system is classless). Their spells are primarily support, with the intention that players purchase and use fetishes to summon spirits to bolster your group in combat. There are several ways you could take a shaman in terms of gameplay -- pure summoner, pure conjuror, or a mix of either with any other karma line (I went with a mix of summoning and conjuring, with a little bit of SMG skill to help group damage early on -- don't pick SMG for early damage though, the hit rate sucks).Karma also impacts non-combat encounters (the usual RPG fare of bluffing and information gathering). Shamans are naturally charismatic, so I got a good feel for how this can impact the story. There were several instances where I was able to lie and avoid combat entirely (often with a karma bonus -- no telling if combat would eventually give the same bonus). One lie stands out in particular: I was trying to avoid bloodshed and didn't anticipate what the reaction to my fib would be. Several innocents died as a result. I felt awful in part becauseI lied and people died as a resultbut also because the reaction was not telegraphed well. I understand that this is a reasonable part of the game -- it wouldn't be terribly fun if I always knew how people would react -- but it was mildly frustrating to have sent people to their deaths and have no way to shout after them recanting my lie. That one hurt.The plot decisions largely don't have the long-term impact that one sees in Telltale adventure games. Most of the impact is restricted to the particular arc of missions you are presently in. Some last longer (one ends up with you recruiting a decker who is with you for the rest of the game), but I never felt like my decisions had no impact. Within those arcs, the decisions changed the outcome of the story.It's kind of amazing that I've written so much and not even touched on the team members. I suppose at this point I'll leave them un-described. They have depth. Talk to them.Final Thoughts10/10 will play again. Glad I got in on the Kickstarter (well, slightly after -- curse my lack of time-sense) for Shadowrun: Hong Kong. Both this game and its shorter sibling Shadowrun Returns are excellent tactical RPGs that have given me confidence in Hairbrained Schemes' game development skills. Highly recommended.(Side note: SR has more glaring UI issues. I do believe that it is possible to play that campaign in the Dragonfall engine, however. I'd highly recommend trying that instead of playing in the Returns engine if you own both)"
76561197963545902,Recommended,300550,16704489,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dark Licorice Princess,"This game is *awesome*.If you're even slightly interested in 90s style CRPGs, whether or not you care about the Shadowrun setting, you should definitely pick this up. It'll draw you in."
,Recommended,300550,16289998,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Randy,Great cRPG. I really enjoyed this one. It's quite a bit better than the first game. Combat is similar to X-com. The story was enjoyable. I'd recommend this if you're into classic RPG games. Also there is no voice acting. So only buy it if you don't mind reading. I wish the game was a bit less linear and had more content. Still a great game. I eagerly look forward to the upcoming third Shadowrun game.
,Recommended,300550,16042003,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hector Plz,"neato burrito game. Couple of glitches here and there, but great gamebambi/10"
76561198125988109,Recommended,300550,15259197,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Salufo,"This is a good game--not a great game, but a good solid game.  I toyed with the idea of giving it a ""thumbs down"" not because I dislike the game, but because Steam's rating system is ridiculously simple and I don't feel the game currently deserves its 95% rating.The strength of this game is the story, and more specifically the storytelling.  This is done mostly through very well written, descriptive, and immersive text.  The story also offers several interesting moral choices for the player and I believe some of the choices I made did affect the plot at later points.   The Shadowrun universe is also fantastic, with an interesting mix of fantasy and sci-fi elements, and a lore that is dystopian and post-apocalyptic.RPG elements to the game are also quite strong.  There are a number of skill categories to put your points into.  The developers balanced the availability of skill points well; I felt like my choices mattered and impacted the character in predictable ways.  There are several different classes and races to choose from as well, and everyone should be able to create a character they care about and enjoy leveling-up.There are some areas where the game falls a bit short.  XCOM: enemy unknown is my favorite game, so that gives you a sense of how much I enjoy good tactical combat.  Combat in Shadowrun: Dragonfall is turn-based, and it does contain a cover system, but everything is simplified to a great extent.   After having played XCOM I really missed the ability to rotate the screen (some portions of the maps are difficult to see well), and I also missed the wrinkle that elevation introduced into XCOM's combat.  Generally I would say that the combat becomes fairly straightforward and repetitive after a while, as the different enemies and layouts don't have the complexity necessary to encourage different strategies for success.  Enemy AI is serviceable but not impressive.  Game difficulty is balanced decently.  I played most of the game on ""hard"", but did tone it down to normal for a particular area that did have a significant difficulty spike.There are a good number of different guns, spells, shamanic tokens, decking gear, and body augmentations you can purchase for your character, but many of them are limited to certain classes, and therefore will not be directly usable by your main character.In the game you control your character as well as up to three additional shadowrunners that you meet along the way, and who tend to hang out at your main base.  You have some control over these characters' development in the form of fairly simple skill trees (as opposed to the more classic XP-attribute system used for your main character).  You can buy equipment for them, however your ability to equip new gear for these characters does seem someone restricted and is less straightforward than it is for your own character.Overall I really did enjoy this game.  Contrary to many reports, I did not feel this was a GOTY candidate, and I also feel that Steam's inadequate rating system has inflated this game to a 95% score.  The story is excellent, RPG elements and variety are quite strong, and combat is mediocre.  RPG fans, particularly those that love a well-told, complex story, will really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,300550,16668637,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cloonetang,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall DC is a great game. The first game, Dead Man's Switch was good, but it had it's share of problems. Dragonfall improved upon it in every way that matters, and somehow the Director's Cut improved it even more. It added features I didn't know I wanted, which is honestly the best. And it was free since I already owned Dragonfall.But what is it? Shadowrun is an isometric ""tactics"" games as I’ve always called them, set in a cyberpunk world with high fantasy influence, based on a pen 'n paper rpg. If you're familiar with the old Baldur's Gate and Fallout games, that's a pretty good example. Xcom, both old and new would be another.Dragonfall DC has a few unique and some modern features, like an intuitive cover system (something other games still can't get right) that can really influence the way you play. The skill trees are diverse, and offer many different ways to approach encounters. You can summon a fiery demon creature to hurl fire at your enemies, or even at you. You can venture into the virtual world of the Matrix to solve your problems. Throw a knife. Punch someone. Shoot 'em with lighting or with bullets. Kneecap someone to slow them down? Or maybe pass one of the many speech checks and avoid the hassle.On that note, the writing is superb as well, and there is a good amount of it (the game isn't voiced, and likes to narrate). If you like reading in your games, you won't be disappointed. Even if you don't, it's entertaining enough and not very dense, so it shouldn't be a huge issue. The graphics aren't going to awe you, but that's kind of par for the course. And unless I'm mistaken, it also comes with a workshop that allows you to create scenarios for either yourself or others to play. I haven't used this yet, so I can't comment too much on it. If I knew anything about modeling or coding, I'd be all over it though.As for negatives about the game...There's not much I can think of. I wish the game was more open world, but at the same time some degree of linearity is required to tell a story. Better graphics would be nice, but the design is good as it is and easy on computers with poor specs. A few elements (like the matrix) could be fleshed out a bit more. I haven't personally encountered any bugs, though no game is free from them. I'm just reaching at this point, so I'll stop.I'd highly recommend this game."
76561198011684990,Recommended,300550,16746070,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cobbie66,"Fantastic game with lots of tension. The story is somewhat linear, but there are many ways to succeed.If you are a fan of the RPGs, the cyberpunk genre and turn based strategy, dont hesitate and try this."
76561198064198514,Recommended,300550,14413533,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lovenought,Simply amazing. The best RPG I have played in at least 5 years.
,Recommended,300550,19393091,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[LST] Fighter5810,This game opened my eyes to what a tactic rpg can really be. Engaging characters and a really good story combined with different playstyles.It takes place in Berlin and as i live in Berlin myself i recognized a few things like the U-Bahn signs.It is a great way to enter the Shadowrun universe and i recommend everyone to play it.
,Recommended,300550,27032212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crankafoo,Like thinkin' and playing good games with neat characters? This is the one for you. Goes super cheap during sales too.
76561198072418169,Recommended,300550,27543618,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cain_AI,A must play for all shadowrun fans.A must try for all strategy RPG fans and fans of the cyberpunk genre.A great improvement upon shadowrun returns.
76561197970721419,Recommended,300550,14096323,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JimHash,If you do not buy this game you are worse than aids.
,Recommended,300550,13172636,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ThePriize,"Cool game. Has an environment comparable to the latest Deus Ex game, along with Deus Ex's skill system in that skills are used to complete quest objectives in different ways. The combat is XCOM style, except members of your team have a personality, though relationships are not as deep as a Mass Effect/Dragon Age. Story is real interesting, and it's well written, along with the dialogue. Very easy to recommend this game. Oh, and you barely have to manage your team's skills and inventory, which I love. Love."
76561198103394264,Recommended,300550,13226200,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Goreatrix,I totally dig this game.  Just make sure you set a timer so you remember to eat.  I lost track of time a couple times while playing.
,Recommended,300550,13185811,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ellen DeDangerous,"A fantastic Isometic RPG, got all the stats you could wish for and some of the best writing and storytelling in video games today."
,Recommended,300550,13190995,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Beorn,"The campaign is a little on the short side, but the story and the writing is fantastic. I finish the game with a katana-wielding adept. For the love of the Free state of Berlin, release a sequel!!!"
76561198049508290,Recommended,300550,13874577,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Reshish,"Apparently 24hrs to complete, a very enjoyable experience.  Good story, solid mechanics, though surprisingly long reload times towards the end."
76561198024998930,Recommended,300550,14412898,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,whyttigr,"Better than the basegame in most every way. The characters were memorable and had interesting personalities, a tighter, better-written story, and the gameplay improvements were much welcomed."
,Recommended,300550,13659024,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"First impressions:  A pretty damn good RPG with a strategy-like battle system.  Definitely one of the better games I bought from the Xmas sale.I didn not play Shadowrun Returns at all, I just skipped to this because everyone says it's a lot better."
,Recommended,300550,14397935,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 10/10 ( and I am picky about my reviews and will often give amazing games around 9.0-9.5 due to minor issues). This game just transcends even otherwise stellar games due to it's flawless combination of turn-based strategy and RPG elements in a world that is gritty, believable, and engaging.If X-COM and Fire Emblem had a baby in the Matrix, this would be it. Shadowrun Dragonfall is even better than Shadowrun Returns, both of which are just a breath of fresh air in the RPG and turn-based strategy worlds.This has all the turn-based goodness of X-COM and FIre Emblem, but all the RPG mastery of Divinity Original Sin and the best of Dragon Age.The story is truly exciting. But the WRITING ITSELF IS PHENOMENAL. It is as good as the best sci-fi novel, with details and scene setting that takes your mind to details that the already superb graphics don't.I have already backed Shadowrun: Hong Kong and look forward to whatever this studio tries to do. But they have pretty much combined my two favorite genres into a perfect game."
,Recommended,300550,14434735,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ragnaros the Firelord,"I'm new to the Shadowrun universe, so I didn't know what to expect out of this game. However, given the positive reviews and its low cost, I decided to give it a try. Little did I know, this would turn out to be a very, very good decision. There are so many great things I could say about this game - I could go on and on. But in the interest of keeping this review concise, I'll pick out one thing I found that sets it apart from every other game: the storytelling. The quality of the writing in this game, in every aspect - between the dialogue, the side stories and the overall story - is mind-blowingly phenomenal. It simply doesn't get any better than this. When it's over, it will leave you desiring for more, and the good news is: more is on it's way."
76561198016070081,Recommended,300550,15212397,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,scottharr2000,I really enjoyed the storytelling and mix of sci-fi/fantasy in the Shadowrun universe.
,Recommended,300550,15331641,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Revenge of Newton,An exceptional RPG. One of the best games of 2014. It captures the cyberpunk aesthetic and theme perfectly. A must have for any scifi or fantasy rpg fan.
76561198016437046,Recommended,300550,14822584,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ravenholm,10/10. Its like XCOM with orcs.
76561198032406209,Recommended,300550,15615341,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,xnunu5,Fun Game. Interesting Mods out there also.
,Recommended,300550,13208138,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RollingProbableCause,"Pros:-Solid Isometric turnbased RPG . Plays simular to X-com.-Customizable character that totally changes the playthrough based on your preferences.-Strong replay value.-User generated content to extend playtime- Longer, more fine tuned than the original which was also a fun game imoIssues:-No Char import by default(can turn on by using the provided editor but is clunky)- No stealh options in a game about shadow runners.- Enivornments looks great, char and weapon textures defintely lacking-Default difficulty is pretty easy, need to crank it up to really get tested.If you liked the original game at all, then you will love this one."
76561197998172729,Recommended,300550,13221191,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"Let's be clear, the game's architecture is solid and there's a lot of potential to be had. That's why I recommend the game.The campaign is a pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You will be ambushed. You will be outgunned. You will be forced to walk up to enemies who will shoot, burn, and otherwise dismember you before you are allowed to act. And then the odds calculation cheats.And that's before you get to the hard difficulty settings."
76561198130336441,Recommended,300550,13258868,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,drake1977,"Exellent game, love every minute of it.  Brings back lots of memories of the old Tabletop RPG as well as the SNES game.  Well done."
76561197972081369,Recommended,300550,13186618,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,John Madden,Its like Shadowrun Returns but with actual Gameplay and Story
,Recommended,300550,12823081,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,basspoet,I loved the playability of this game. It was entertaining and challenging and let me progress at my own pace.
76561197990914334,Recommended,300550,12868967,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,[TB]Fuzzybear69,Desipite one or two bugs i ran across while playing.  I had alot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,300550,13854402,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ulfednar,"This right here is the reason I'm still a gamer. A near-perfect mix of gameplay, story, atmosphere and character development. Can't wait for Shadowrun: Hong Kong; in the meanwhile, I'll be checking out the player-made campaigns and, who knows, maybe work on one myself."
76561197961534090,Recommended,300550,15790838,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Kitten of Strife,"Amazing story, even tops the original"
76561198155519940,Recommended,300550,29622272,Posted: 31 January,all,ecjones2040,Nice game. Very interesting. Sometime the dialog is too long and too dry. Find myself skipping through it often.
,Recommended,300550,13547193,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,forfrosne,"One of the best games I've played in years. It totally drew me in. The fixed cast of characters were amazing, you really grow to love all of them by the end of the game. Their back-stories are really fleshed-out with their own series of side-quests. Glory's sidequests were particularly good. I am not normally a fan of cyberpunk settings but Shadowrun's intrigues me: it seems to blend elements of traditional cyberpunk with those of high fantasy, with the inclusion of elves, dwarves, trolls, etcThe story is one of the best I have ever played through, and the choices you make really do make a huge difference in how it plays out. Your characteristics like intelligence, charisma, strength, etc. also play a big role in determining how well you're able to handle difficult conversations and situations, allowing you to convince guards you're one of them for example.The combat is really solid: a lot of the time tactical RPGs end up boring me as the pace is simply too slow to maintain my interest. Even though this is a turn-based tactical RPG, Dragonfall's is definitely challenging (even playing on easy!) and rarely boring. The variety each team-mate brings to the team as well as the ability to specialise in various areas makes combat a lot of fun. Turns don't take forever and there's enough going on on-screen to keep things interesting and exciting even during particularly long battles.The soundtrack is really good, fits the atmosphere and setting perfectly, and I particularly liked the song that plays during Glory's sidequest.All in all this is one of my favourite games in recent years and I urge any fans of RPG or strategy games to try it."
,Not Recommended,300550,22578647,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Beyond Malachi,"I have really mixed feelings about this game, and wish Steam had a 'maybe' or 'neutral' option for the recommendation.  Without that, I have to err on the side of not recommending it.The GoodThe actual combat is fun enough.  It's turn-based strategy style.  There are a good number of decisions to make without being overwhelming.  The biggest of these are which of two guns to use, which special skills to use and in what order, and where to position yourself (mostly about accuracy vs defense).  Whether using guns or magic or fighting through a summoned creature or drone, skills include: wide range or spread shot, stun, damage over time, armor breaking, and various buffs.  Choosing which to use in which order (they have cool-down times so you can't just spam 'the best skill') is probably the most fun aspect.The stories are complex and multilayered.  The plots are amazing.  And the political and philosophical aspects are deep (though easily ignored if you're just into it for the steam-punk-ish fantasy).The BadThe stories are almost entirely told through walls of text.  There's no animation, no voice acting, minimal cut scenes, etc, to tell the story for you.  And even when story could be told through gameplay itself, it's done through more pop-ups to read.  (For an idea of what I mean, think of games like Dragon Age or Skyrim, where you find books that explore the lore and history of the worlds.  In this game, the whole story is kind of presented that way, not just the lore and history).The cash and shop system is pretty lame.  You only purchase things for your main character, so the vast majority of shops and goods just get in the way (eg. if you're a spell-caster you have no interest in the summoning totems, guns, drones, spirit magic, implants, hacking tools, etc).  It'd be great if you could purchase gear for your team as well.  On top of that, it mostly feels like you're just buying upgrades, rather than choosing different gear for different strategies.  There's a little bit of the strategy thing (like stun grenades vs direct damage grenades), but it's really minimal, and the upgrades are too essential to waste what tight money you have on optional things anyway.The decking/hacking/matrix aspect seems like it should be the most unique aspect to the game... but it's just simplified version of the usual combat.  Same effects, same strategies, but only one character, fewer abilities, and simple graphics.  It really should be some unique kind of minigame; or at least involve a very different style of combat.There is little or no point to exploring.  All that happens if you explore is: you wait a minute for your character to run to where you want; you see a white magnifying glass icon; you click on it and get a useless amount of money or low level healing pack.  That is, you don't uncover interesting enemies, side plots, unique items, secret areas, mini-games, etc.All in all, I enjoyed the game while I was playing it, but when I wasn't playing it I had no drive to hurry up and start again."
76561198046540314,Recommended,300550,27431303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,blinklynx,Adrian Vauclair definitely needs a hug.
,Recommended,300550,16769505,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shashou Sheldoncock,Very great game with a good storySome people say the combat is bad and the companion missions become hard if you're undergeared/leveledI recommend you specialize in something because the companions can also be good at something.I would recommend
,Recommended,300550,13642993,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Unredemption,"I wasn't impressed by Shadowrun: Returns, but with this installment I'm in love completely. The combat feels much more gratifying, and the pacing of the story and the writing itself are at a much higher level then they were previously.One of my largest complaints is that many of the UI elements feel like they were designed for the iPad first, then forced onto the PC as an afterthought."
76561197977484071,Not Recommended,300550,30339976,Posted: 5 March,all,Severian,"Probably the best thing this game has going for it is the story and setting.  The writing is above average for a computer RPG.  I'm mostly hooked into this world, its characters, and a bizarre plot about a German homicidal dragon. There are some interesting plot choices to make but it doesn't escape the feeling of being a fairly linear game with a single planned outcome.Having said that, there's a lot in here that I find frustrating. I know this is classic 2D stuff, but not being able to rotate the camera view is infuriating.  Similarly, the environment is often so dark and bland that I struggle to find enemies against the background and properly identify cover.The combat is terribly mediocre.  Shooting, melee, magic - none of it feels exciting, in part because the animations/spell effects/etc. are so drab and bland.  Because of this, the character classes feel empty and meaningless.  You start up the game and start drooling over the idea of a Street Samurai, or a Technomage, or whatever - but the reality is that each of them has a few different melee/ranged attacks that do damage - or they can buff/heal.  There's nothing exciting here, and the depth to each class is quite shallow.I gave up before finishing the main plot-line.  There are far too many better games out there to waste your time on.  4/10"
76561197994583273,Recommended,300550,21717334,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Cheese Sarny,Awesome.
,Recommended,300550,19916227,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Barata,Horas de diversão!Pra quem curte o universo cyberpunk de shadowrun esse jogo não deixa a desejar.
76561198196794377,Not Recommended,300550,17868283,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Deathstalker_2,"The storytelling is good although classic. The real problem come with the missions. The options are simply too limited : most of the time you have to kill everyone in your way because of the lack of infiltration possibility.If my character was a psycho, no problem, I'd accept that. But the game allow you to play a good guy, and as a good guy I don't want to kill hundred of guards. They have familly too !Last but not least : AI is terrible. So the fights are boring. So 75% of the game is boring."
76561198040919135,Recommended,300550,20463550,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cylexus,"Great Sequel to Shadowrun Returns, if you liked that you will love this. Improves on the original in many ways."
,Recommended,300550,24026395,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,a tired cat,"Combat offers too few options as compared to games like Jagged Alliance 2, the story is a bit lightweight (though not terrible by any means), and the world of the game feels rather smallish. But there are one or two decent fights, and Shadowrun continues to be a decently interesting world. 3/5"
76561197960320995,Recommended,300550,14663749,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mataleon,"Yea, im gonna write this 1 hour into the game. Never really loaded an RPG this many times because it makes no sense to be honest. Im in a room where i gotta survive for 10 rounds and the cover system makes no sense. You cant hit♥♥♥♥♥♥but get flanked all the time. Making no sense. Like the game, the combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at the moment. Im sitting here screaming ""AND YOU HIT FROM THERE?"" missing bullets 1 meter from the back, getting hit by some dude over the room behind cover, critical flanked. Seriously? Too bad, when the games seems fun, with a fun setting. How can you make combat so simple and ♥♥♥♥ it up. Gonna keep plauing hoping that when i get past this room (and its not as it is deep right now, all got 2 spells), just keep spamming shots with 30-40% and hope you do better. Dont get kill by a grenadir, and they all hit with aoe. Im screaming in the pain from this combat.Ok, got further. I still do think that it is a X-com Enemy Unknown type based shooter, like Fallout Tactics with the cover system, but i dot think its alittle hard to know where the best cover systems are, or it just plainly does it abit different and you got to get used to it.Alot of reading, which is good if you like or, or not if you dont. The writing makes the dialugoe and situations very discriptive."
,Recommended,300550,20727134,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Chaotic Melon,"I love the Cyber-punk world that is created in Dragonfall. This is my type of game so I will recomend it. Here is what i like about this one :) >>Story rich gameplay, that is based on different decisions, this is just to put your character in the game. There are different endings but you can get them all by choosing different options during gameplay>Turn based combat, that is strategic and more slow thant the aRPG games, but i like that.>You will want to replay it with different characters and making different choices just to see where the story goes :)> You'll explore interesting cyber punk world and lurk in the shadows just to unplot the interesting events that happen right after you arrive in Berlin. :)All in all this is easy game that will require good strategy to assemble the team that will do the mission in order to win the battles."
,Recommended,300550,26932419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Veles,There's so much reading in this it is almost interactive fiction. So good though.
,Recommended,300550,31448565,Posted: 29 April,all,PlutoBurns,"A great improvement over the first Shadowrun PC game. Same basic systems, but with a much better central campaign. Engine doesn't lend itself well to free roaming, but the quest design is a lot less constrictive. Really makes you feel like your running your own team. Your crew is full of interesting characters, from the anarchist punk rock shaman to the chromed out street doc. They all have good backstories that are fun to learn about. Central mystery ramps up a bit fast towards the end and I can't say the ending wrap up was cheerful. But a great romp in the Shadowrun universe, for any great fan of the Sixth World."
76561198201571119,Recommended,300550,33190760,Posted: 3 July,all,Elganis,One of the best turn-based RPG I have ever played.
76561198071238723,Recommended,300550,33113331,Posted: 1 July,all,elFreckledBlanco,Great so far!  Love this series
,Recommended,300550,21788627,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 23 hours on Normal difficultyPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, multiple endings to see and many diverse classes to play asBest part – A toss up between the writing for the characters and the turn-based combat, both are superb and a lot of fun to experienceWorst part – Not a fan of the simple look of the graphics, while it doesn't look awful there is definitely room for improvement"
76561198051194674,Recommended,300550,29374594,Posted: 20 January,all,felicia,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall - a dark, cyberpunk RPG set in the near future. The game definitely is Shadowrun, but that means that it is dark and creepy at times.The plot in this game was fantastic. I enjoyed the characters, the story, the side quests, etc. There were a lot of bugs, though. There were skills that never worked, prompts that some players got and others didn't, there were times when character dialogue didn't reflect choices that I made. While these were frustrating, the game was still well worth playing."
76561198151083668,Recommended,300550,26528379,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,lyricfactory321,Amazing game....Amazing Story....
76561197993060918,Recommended,300550,14097837,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Aquinas,7.5/10
76561198148997598,Not Recommended,300550,19689019,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Iconoclast,"""condition people to expect nothing and the least little something gets them all excited"" - Jane Lane, Daria""it's better than bad, it's good"" - Log ad, Ren and StimpyThose quotes adequately explain the insane disproportion of positivity in relation to the relatively unremarkable offerings of the new Shadowrun franchise. But relativity is what makes objectivity in reviews so elusive. Shadowrun was the first taste of traditional cRPGs that most of us had sampled since the Infinity Engine was still current...or at least relevant. To many that's enough to merit a 5 star rating a glowing review. To me, the memory of Black Isle's/Bioware's living worlds inhabited by engaging, sympathetic characters; memorable plots; and writing/design that truly let you feel like you were playing a role is still too fresh to think much of Shadowrun's bare-bones world, interesting-if-not-endearing characters, and feeling that your role was that of an information-gathering machine whose only choice was the tone in which to deliver queries.Everything from the hub-and-mission style progression to the pathetic sparseness of the hub save for quest/item vendors made me perpetually aware that I was playing a game with very simple and obvious mechanics. What makes the 90s cRPGs legendary is their success at transcending their medium and giving you a personal experience in a rich, complex, fantasy world...which is why Shadowrun's relative game-y-ness and shallowness in every RPG aspect was such a disappointment. There are some for whom mechanics alone define an experience (looking at you: Icewind Dale players) and if you're such a person, you may very well find something to love in Shadowrun. If, however, you crave immersion, an engaging world and endearing characters, just play through the old classics again."
76561198027448793,Recommended,300550,23252426,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,westtrot,Great game!
,Recommended,300550,23194358,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Space Penguin,"If you like Dragons, Cyber Hell, Magic, guns! This game is amazing."
76561198066225087,Recommended,300550,23352992,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Vashmikov,I had fun once....It was while playing this game.
76561198063013389,Recommended,300550,32417831,Posted: 14 June,all,mr.black,"Awesome world, engaging story, nice tactical combat, strong characters... A resounding yes!"
,Recommended,300550,32657552,Posted: 22 June,all,Dog Residue,"cool story, good characters, and gameplay that fixes returns' problems"
76561198037380895,Recommended,300550,30562790,Posted: 16 March,all,Petrichor,"This game is roughly 30 hours long, and it is a hot mess.Combat and menuing are terrible, to the point that I almost considered quitting the game about an hour in.If you can tough through it, this game has one of the best stories I have seen in any game ever, and left me wanting more so bad that I instantly began another run with a new character, who I know will have a very different experience given the sheer number of choices that you are given.In short, this game is bad, and you'd have to be a complete idiot to not play through it."
,Recommended,300550,22153600,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,☂ Inacio,"One of the best games I've ever played. Great story, great combat and satisfying visuals."
76561198080833647,Recommended,300550,30088340,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,Yes a must play for squad turn based games.
76561197975493492,Recommended,300550,25363233,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,karl,"Get it while it's on sale for $3, no regrets!"
76561198032298446,Recommended,300550,19959399,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sorcer_r,only played for a few hours but i think the game really sets itself aside (above) the competition.cyber punk rpg with a nice storyline combined with awesome xcom like turn based combat system.
,Recommended,300550,20021284,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nyxx Corvinus,If you're a fan of the Shadowrun RPG & tactical RPG video games then you've landed on the right game.
76561198017212127,Recommended,300550,15602364,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bad Puppy,"Nice game, a little wordy but good game overall."
76561197988510453,Recommended,300550,29331910,Posted: 17 January,all,Sheep Lord,I don't even know what to say.  This is just some of the best writing and RPG game design that I have ever seen.  I can hardly imagine being more invested in a story as I played through it.
76561198099781360,Recommended,300550,28222679,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Calderweiss,"Simply Sublime. Amazing writing. Crisp, enjoyable turn based combat. Beautiful environments."
76561197998906565,Recommended,300550,16644178,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,thesublimesupine,"Overall a fantastic game which I enjoyed more than the other turn-based RPGs I've played recently. Extremely well-written story, which was deeper and more nuanced than I was expecting. Characters are well fleshed out and you grow to care about them. The atmosphere is quite melancholy but there are some light-hearted moments. The political points the game tries to make are presented very well, without ever getting to be too preachy. This is important if you feel like I do about many other games where you're coerced into the most conservative way of thinking in order to succeed.If I had a complaint or two they would be that the game is quite linear, and also quite short. Since there isn't enough XP points to utilise, it doesn't actually feel like you ever really get to be very GOOD at shadowrunning, seeing as every mission inevitably winds up in a shoot-out. A bit of irony there. There are barely enough 'Karma points' to master even a couple of skill trees for the character you're building. For example, I barely made it past around 60% on three skill areas, and ONLY three. But also I do regret playing as a Shaman - even with decent enough conjuring control the spirit always gets away, or worse starts attacking you. It was a risk not really worth taking in most scenarios. I even failed a mission because the spirit was killed - surely an avoidable bug!But anyway, I've played a lot of RPGs and this one can hold its own against the best of them, in my opinion. If you want endless battles however, it might not be for you..."
76561198040338210,Recommended,300550,16694777,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SLK,Goddamn masterpiece.
76561198004621069,Recommended,300550,17322638,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,jaahav,"It's on okay up-grade for the already decent ""Shadowrun: Dragonfall"" game. It holds many upgrades and an improved HUD, but what truly sets apart it from its vanilla version is it's hidden play mode.By simply activating the ""Hard"" or ""Extra Hard"" difficulty options, the game automatically patches the game into ""You F*cking Missed! The Game!""""You F*cking Missed!"", or YFM:TG is an all-new campaign set within the familiar eurotrash cyber-fantasy jerkoff world of Shadowrun, only this time instead of playing a too-cool-for-school Leathercoat Katana-Man, you take on the role of an ultra-optimistic but tragically handicapped human failure, who tries to slog through the world of Offices and Dragons while suffering from 90% paralysis in both their arms and severe brain damage.To simulate the protagonist's (and his friends') unique condition, this game provides you with tactical information such as hit precentages which are grossly over-estimated, and fighting is realistically tipped heavily towards your opponents end, such as:- They get to shoot you multiple times (usually with flanking criticals, more on that below) whilst your character spends his first turn delivering lame quips and lazy one-liners  time and again. This never comes as a surprise, but progressively gets more ridiculous. You'd think that even the slowest little dunce would eventually learn to zip their slack-jawed cakehole and draw their gun, but no.- The opponent is so much better at everything that they can just f*cking walk up to you and kill you with a shower of grenades. All your team of Techno Ninjas can do is flail and bumble around with their lil' peashooters until they tire themselves out trying to pierce the armor of a mage in literal cloth robes, whilst said mage can pretty much wipe your whole team with two AoEs, if that's their thing. It usually is.- Other popular method the enemy uses for executing aforementioned rag-tag bunch of handicapable adult-kindergarten escapees is by just hailing a bunch of automatic criticals on 'em. They don't even have to look in the right direction or use a gun better than Scrooge McDuck's old blunderbuss; their automatic criticals ensure that no matter how much you try, you can only go f*ck yourself in the end.Also, timers and turns have been made trivial and subjective to emulate the total crappiness of the 'Flux State' ideology; think you have four turns to hack a mainframe and lockdown a door? Don't be fooled! 'Turns' are just an empty word for you to cling to whilst seeing timers go down whenever the game bloody feels like it, ok?And, as we all know, turning off this special mode back to ""normal"" makes the player feel like a loser, so once you go ""You F'cking Missed! The Game!"", you can't go back."
,Not Recommended,300550,20831969,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FullSpectrumPotato,"A solid story and interesting setting that are marred by the game's execution. The actual strategy mechanics are extremely basic and slow, the UI is sluggish and glitchy, and the engine has some significant problems. Graphics and animations tend to not be important (see: Avernum) but they have the same stupifying effect that they did in Wasteland 2. It's like playing with Lego men. The UI's problems really manifest in the boring virtual reality/rigging sections, where buttons, skills, and movements frequently freeze the game and require bizarre input sequences to fix.The combat rebalance mod takes some of frustration and monotony out of the system but a Shadowrun game shouldn't need a day 1 overhaul mod like a Bethesda game. I enjoyed the story enough that I wanted to play the fan campaigns and main story again, but trying to restart the game with the terrible beginning characters was too droll to tolerate. The skills require heavy point investment to become useful so the builds lack variety. At some point you get three instead of two action points which makes combat less tedious. The downside is that the AI never gets this bonus and the combat sequences become too simple. Instead of making smarter opponents the game just throws waves of them at you.For the price I paid for this on sale ($1.27?) it was a good game, but the dev studio has a lot of work to do if they want to cultivate a fanbase with this new series. This is the director's update of an improved expansion to the first game, which means I have no desire to play the original reboot and am avoiding the next installment (Hong Kong). People comparing this to strategy games like X-Com or Jagged Alliance in their reviews are really overselling it."
,Recommended,300550,21173502,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TANG-WU,"Cool as hell. As always, I must say."
,Recommended,300550,21205354,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Xian,"Awesome Game - Great Story and Characters, good elements of freedom. Got me hooked on the Shadowrun series."
76561198077403406,Recommended,300550,21344948,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BernieBoy,Great game.
,Recommended,300550,21437876,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,IronRooster,"This game, just like its previous incarnation, was a really well thought out and implemented game - I've really enjoyed both games across multiple platforms and devices - it works *great* on my Surface Pro 3!  The game is very engaging, but still easy to put down and pick up later.  I also really appreciate that they let others develop levels, though most aren't as good as the basic versions."
,Recommended,300550,21246688,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GLaDOS,"Nice gameplay, perfect script. Nothing to complain (right now)."
,Recommended,300550,21265686,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CroutonOfDEATH,
76561197995146188,Not Recommended,300550,21237482,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Max Pietsch,"This game is cool in a lot of ways. I liked the graphics, the story seemed cool, and the combat seems in-depth enough to get interesting. I felt however the fights lasted too long. I might go back to it at some time if I have more time it just seems kind of too detailed."
76561198007977062,Recommended,300550,18901650,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blargle Wargle,YuhReal gudYuh
76561198037893342,Recommended,300550,14121378,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Phil,"Pros:Too many to list.Cons:Lines like: ""The night is swolen with homicidal intent.""  No it absolutely is not."
,Recommended,300550,24217337,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,Overall improvement on the game before this (I played it on android).You can make more and bigger choices.Interesting world like all shadowrun games.
,Recommended,300550,33450520,Posted: 11 July,all,[SynRG] A Big Red Ball,"A great successor to 2013's Shadowrun Returns with more content, a brand new cast of characters, and much more replayablity as it supports a TON of custom campaigns. This is a game designed with community expansion in mind and it shows, coming with it's own campaign editor.This is quite a RNG heavy game when it comes to combat. You will miss a 70% shot three times in a row and it will feel rage enducing. You will also mess up grenade throws and cast spells wrong and have your summoned creature turn on you on the third turn after you summoned it even though it only has a 8% escape chance. And you will love it all because in the end the combat is deeply satisfying and the story is rich with this one.Dialog and interaction options based on skill investment is much richer then in SR and the varity of enviroments, dispite almost all taking place in the urban landscape of Berlin, is much greater. Your compainons also have their own side quests now and get a lot more fleshed out, with unique dialog after each completed run.All in all, this is a better game then SR. So if you liked SR, buy it. If you like CRPGs with great stories, get it. It's a little heavy on the nonsense jargon sometimes and the Matrix sections are kinda boring (shout out to Blitz's side-quest for having the one interesting Matrix sequence) but hey, it's a cyberpunk world where people summon demons for fun and dragons are trying to rule the world via corperate concilidation. Give it a go. It's a unique setting and a great game."
76561197992229015,Recommended,300550,21991573,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dire,"If you like a good story with choices and character attributes that influence the dialogue and general story and if you like tactical turn based combat (although a bit simplistic), this is for you. Compared to Shadowrun Returns this one's got a cleaner UI, but it's still not quite ""there"" in terms of user friendliness and some things could in my opinion still be improved.However, apart from that the game was a blast for me. I really like the characters, the writing, the mystery, the conspiracy. If you're not interested in that, don't buy the game. You definitely play this for the story foremost."
76561198151192811,Recommended,300550,19371199,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Red Knight,"This game is only a few steps short of being a true masterpiece. Although I have some issues with how the inventory system works, lack of loot and linearity of the game, it is superbly written, fun and addictive. There is room for improvement, but I can easily recommend this game to any old school RPG lover out there."
,Recommended,300550,31265934,Posted: 20 April,all,Boomer simpson,"Great game, definitely best one in the series."
76561198080170419,Recommended,300550,16404517,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ezg12312,If you liked the story of shadowrun returns by the cuzstimazation and the story then this will blow you out of the water.But serioulsy never go for the down boy achivementFor real Dont
76561198046022751,Recommended,300550,18831864,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sir Gentleman Shark,"Keep in mind that Shadowrun Returns actually almost made me not buy this sequel/expansion pack, because how dull the story and gameplay was. But Dragonfall pretty much fixed most of problems that was riddled with SR:Returns.Graphically, this game is built from Unity engine. While not graphically/technically impressive for 2014, it has a consistent and appealing aesthetic that suits the theme. And good setting/level design that doesn't skimp on details - lots of interactivity and small encounters that bring the game world to life.NPCs all have personalities without the game trying to spell those personalities out for you too blatantly, they are subtle and/or unfold gradually.The core of the gameplay and combat are pretty solid to boot. Combat was probably what I'd call the game's ""weak point"". Balance isn't great and combat is arguably too easy overall. Yet it still managed to be engaging and character building options are varied and enjoyable enough to easily forgive the flaws. Non-combat solutions also are handled pretty well, common enough to make most related skills worth it, and not under or overly rewarding.All I can really do as far as criticisms go with this game is nitpick at its combat/character building balance issues which aren't that bad relative to many other RPGs anyway."
76561198262345300,Recommended,300550,25406545,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nahchillhomebro,Bruh.......play this
,Recommended,300550,18833133,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Bad a$$.
76561198084823201,Recommended,300550,33841846,Posted: 27 July,all,Pulowski,"loving this, same old shadowrun but new story and landscape, only wish they added more mechanics"
76561198081390656,Recommended,300550,16060712,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,chong.ong,"This is one of the finest games ever made.The combat mechanics are brilliant and very well balanced. There are many different and interesting options to choose from. For example, using katana (chi focus) + stride + haste and shurikens, sniper & pistols, rifle with full auto & shotgun, melee tank, spellcasting, support character ... Overall the battles are fun and entertaining.The plot and storyline is also very interesting, and allows players to choose from different endings. There are even choices that will impact how individual quests turn out !"
,Recommended,300550,22419773,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,psenough,"nice cyberpunk setting, good storyline. sucks you can't bring more team members on mission with you, often feel you're missing one. nasty game freezing bugs here and there (mostly on the cyber world when you kill an enemy with an area spell) that should have been caught and removed by now."
,Recommended,300550,26012480,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TARS,"The director's cut version of Dragonfall is pretty much the strongest Shadowrun game that is currently out there and will most likely remain so until Shadowrun: Hong Kong comes out. Its combat and class system is one of the most engaging thing I've played since XCOM: Enemy Unknown and due to its narrative merging of both science fiction and fantasy I felt it has one of the most creative class systems in any tactical role playing game. While, the game isn't that approachable due to the plethora of choices and potential room for you to make a mistake in the game when building your character its most likely going to give you a very rewarding experience thanks to to its narrative and combat mechanics.You can find the full review for the game here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2016/09/shadowrun-dragonfall-directors-cut.html."
76561198121203990,Recommended,300550,33642359,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,One of the best games not only in it's genre but ever
,Recommended,300550,29901575,Posted: 13 February,all,matc,Well it's the Witcher 3 in Shadowrun series. 100/10
76561197973211168,Recommended,300550,29902306,Posted: 13 February,all,Mad Pierrot,Fantastic game.
76561198178822130,Recommended,300550,30481306,Posted: 12 March,all,dylancarpenter.dc,This game is proper good
76561198328477251,Recommended,300550,30382059,Posted: 7 March,all,Exydoz,Very good!
76561198071771078,Recommended,300550,20367763,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Apocolyte,Some of the most fun I've had playing a game in awhile.
,Recommended,300550,26701566,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Maestro Gradius,enjoyed this game. best in the series. wish it didn't drain as much of my computer's resources though. i do not recommend running other programs like a web browser while playing this game unless you have a computer much more powerful than mine: AMD A8-6600K APU with Radeon(tm) HD Graphics
,Recommended,300550,34989778,Posted: 16 September,all,Trublade,"""Shadowrun Dragonfall"" is the second game in the Shadowrun series by Hairbrained schemes. Is it worth your time? that may depend on you. For any new shadowrunner I would say, see why this game is good, and see if it's for you.https://vimeo.com/234099110"
,Recommended,300550,15989147,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,___Closer___,"Buy this, peasants! Have faith in your Knight-King, Philip Rex!P.S.: I've just voted this as ""Best Story"" for the Steam Awards. You know, since we do not have Shenmue here ..."
76561197969448553,Not Recommended,300550,13597347,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tom Sawyer,Slightly better than the first Shadowrun on Steam in that the campaign is longer and more fleshed out but the character customization limitations and boring combat are still there.  As a former player of Shadowrun pen and paper I wanted to like it but it just wasn't good enough.
76561198047025536,Not Recommended,300550,28261638,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Potato pizza,"AS it is now, this game gets unplayable after some time, i am doing bloodline mission now, and i am having battle freeze bug almost every fight. It became so frustrating, that i do not enjoy playing it anymore, despite the fact that the story is decent  and i would like to know the ending, but for now, it is impossible for me to end even this quest. Such a shame, giving the fact that this bug was reported long ago, and it is still there. Otherwise it could be a good game, but since i am unable to finish it, i can;t judge it favourably."
,Not Recommended,300550,30156808,Posted: 24 February,all,fakename,"Harebrained Schemes fooled me twice with this series (and as a result I never bought Shadowrun: Hong Kong).When I was going into the final mission of the game, I thought to myself, ""This would be a great half-way point in the story... but I think it's ending.""  And it did.  It's a very short game, not even worth the regular price because of the lack of options.  The replay value is actually poor.The game gives an illusion of depth and choice, but there's really not much to do.  Side quests that seem like they may open a robust new side plot revealed themselves to be nothing but one-offs that did not affect the overall story.The skill system displays the potential to level up your skills quite high, but there is not even enough game to ever max them out.Also, the matrix/hacking segments were nearly game-breaking for me.  You have all these skills to level-up, and none of them matter when you hack.  All you get is the same basic attacks and become boring before the end of the first segment."
76561198186304141,Not Recommended,300550,16431391,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Okkoto,"Game is good, but I just can't help but feel a little disappointed with how rough it is.  Combat and movement could use a lot of polish. The writing is quite good, but I found myself getting bored trying to wade through playing the game so I could see more of the story. I could really rate either way, but in the end I didn't finish the game before it got old, so I will go thumbs down. I would say your money would be better off invested in a different game."
,Not Recommended,300550,21811336,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"I liked most of this game. But frankly, much like Shadowrun: returns it becomes progressively more of a slog.The point of playing against a computer in a turn based game is not to have to suffer through their ♥♥♥♥ing turns. I don't care where they ♥♥♥♥ing move. Their animations are stupid. Stupid. Too much of this game focuses on stuff that is entirely irrelevant and unwelcome.For instance - tactics. You might think if you know a room is full of enemies that you could suprise them. Nope. Never happens. You can't even position your team to defend yourselves.And don't get me started on traversing large areas in the tedious combat mode. Go here. Then go here. Then walk towards the same objective you've been walking towards once more. Other games have solved this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Civilisation doesn't have this damn problem.I still haven't finished it -because I'm so sick of the ♥♥♥♥ing slog. It used to be fun. I remember the missions when it was fun.But this is a problem with too many games. Too many ♥♥♥♥ing games get positive reviews from people playing the first 75% only for the game to fall apart after that. And you know what? No one changes those damn reviews.♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ this game so hard. They've poisoned the bits that were fun."
76561198094421051,Not Recommended,300550,30223647,Posted: 27 February,all,Damere,"what a fkn wastebetween the corrupted saved files or the constant 'invisible' players and not being able to target anything, im not sure what im more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at - the fact i bought another one of their games or that i believed bugs would be fixed.like the first one, second one, and now hong kong expansion pack - im pretty sure it will be just the same"
,Not Recommended,300550,16321958,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Purple Mangosteen,"This game has two bad things: poor mouse controls (clicking on people and map transitions is hit and miss), and dialog options that reward or punish you for arbitrary choices you made earlier in the game."
,Not Recommended,300550,18265983,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"Unless you get mods, avoid this game. Poorly balanced, boring, limited Roleplay in this RPG, storys written by a 12 year old... terrible."
,Not Recommended,300550,17221596,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Destineak,I really enjoy Shadowrun returns but I can not honestly recommend this game. The game has  poor mouse controls whereas you keep randomly clicking on areas just to move around. There are some random freezes in the game as well. Stay away.
76561198037339928,Recommended,300550,16727523,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Cleon TRADEIT.GG,"Solid game, 30+ hours to play, solid fights/battles, turn based fighting works well for this game, somethis fights are to tough, few missions i was practicly load/saving every other turn. It is also addictive, game calls you to come back and finnish it. Only thing that i really didnt like is that the game is linear. The developers gave options on some side quests, but the game is still very linear. You cant go to other locations if you need/want, only when you go on mission on that location. But there are also good aspects of a game, and those are more, and I can recommend this game for turn based isometric strategies funs."
76561198069387512,Recommended,300550,15932519,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,_GoG_,"I have mixed feelings about Dragonfall.I give it thumbs-up not because it's very good, but because it's not actually bad.  Percentage-wise I'd give it 65%.It's decent in all ways, but it's too simple in design.The story is good and well told, though often too verbose.The RPG element is limited in that often no matter which speech interactions you choose ultimately lead to the same conclusion.  There are some instances where an NPC dies or not depending on your tactic, but they were not relevant.Tactically the battles feel rather ackward because you're often not sure if you're in proper cover.  Visually even in cover your characters look like they're beside it or not close enough.  I'm a big fan of 3rd person turn based tactical (grid) shooters, and this is combat-wise the worst I've played.  The original X-COM had a better feel/execution, really.The game is also very linear.  You may choose which fetch quest you do first, but you are funneled  down a very obvious path always.The new Shadowrun series does nothing better than any other game (except be a Shadowrun universe), and does most things just under average (except the story which is just over average).The biggest issue of all though... It's too simple.  The story is somewhat complex, but the design, fighting, roplaying aspect, tactics and characters feel like they stepped out of SNES/1996 design.  It's a good game for 12 yo. even though it has adult themes.Is the journey/time invested worth the story?  Unfortunately not in my opinion."
,Recommended,300550,15081450,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Dragon,"One awesome and superb game!Better than previous game in almost every aspect.Great and intriguing story.Atmosphere is great and a real ""Shadowrun"" experience.Your companions have their own stories to tell (and it matters how you behave with them) and they can level up.Turn based battles are fun.Every mission can be completed in different ways.Depending on skills you develop, you can solve problems in different ways.Dialogues are way better, with multiple choices (including etiquettes and skills as dialogue options).Moral choices are not always black and white, and can sometimes have smaller impacts later.More weapons, equipments, cyber upgrades, spells...Decking is fun.Dante is one great dog.There is a DRAGON in this game (duh!).The only thing I didn't like are occasional bugs that often require loading save game files.Overall, for the fans of good old turn-based story-driven RPG experience, this is a game they should not miss! Probably one of the better games in the last few years.Really looking forward to sequel! :)"
,Recommended,300550,16097616,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Shotagonist,"Pretty fun game. Try to do the side quests and discuss a lot with side characters as just pushing the main story will get you through the game too quick without perspective.Tactical combat is fun but not very challenging IMO. You get nice support abilities but I found it was sufficient to load everyone with heavy guns and mow down the opposition. Well I figure very hard might change this up, but at the core, this is a roleplaying game above a tactical game.I must say though it was disappointing that they shoehorned your decisions into some sort of canon ending by the books and in the end there are just 2 endings: Everything goes to hell or shoehorned canon. (Despite there being 5 or 6 possible outcomes of just the final mission, it changes nothing)"
,Not Recommended,300550,23956822,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MigieSmith,"The combat needs a button just to speed it up some times. You almost always miss no matter what percentage you have to hit. Was recommended to get this because I liked fire emblem, nothing like it to me."
,Recommended,300550,17150554,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[OCG] Rhalkim (Moderator),"When magic, man, and machine combine, you get:That's right! AnIrreverend Opinionslook intoShadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut.---The BlurbIt is the dark future of the post-awakened world.  Magic is now a thing people have to not only accept, but deal with - along with multinational corporations taking over everything, and the collapse of the usual political scene.  In the midst of all of this, the anarchist free state of Berlin comes under an extreme threat after a run into a rich manor goes horribly wrong.  Turn-based tactical shooter RPG where choices do really impact the story.The GoodAn interface to die for.  Everything is pretty much self-explanatory, from moving to swapping weapons in mid combat, to how skills are increased.  The layout is just as easily interpreted, allowing players to make easy decisions to what they would like to do in order to achieve their goal.Multiple paths to achieve the goal, allowing for versatile approaches to the same target objectives - from bullying others and blowing enemies away, to sneaking by in a clandestine fashion, to simply convincing your enemies that you're actually meant to be there.Having improved on Shadowrun: Returns, the team has now managed to expand even further on their storytelling skills, and the plot not only differentiates depending on decisions you make, but how you make them.  NPCs and companions can have permanent repercussions as a result of this.The lore of the game world is also just as rich, with plenty of details about what has occurred throughout the new history, which also lends to the storytelling as it can change how certain decisions might be made.As eminently moddable as it's predecessor, Shadowrun: Dragonfall comes with the ability to not only craft your own modules for the improvement of the game, but it is also an extremely simple matter to be able to get access to community-released content through the Workshop.Graphics are fun and evocative, with a 'paperback detective novel' feel.  The world is highly detailed, giving flavor to the encounters and a distinct impression of what the characters have had to learn to endure.A slew of personal customization options exist, allowing for more unique characters than most games.  Further options (dress style, weapons, etc) can be picked up as the game progresses.The AI has been greatly improved, both in terms of companion decisions and enemy actions, leading to a much more intricate puzzle to unlock.Increasing the difficulty does not just increase enemy hitpoints, but can change up the type of encounters, the size of them, and what is expected for a 'success'.The BadDragonfall's sound and music quality is a little underwhelming, though hardly a priority as the game can easily be played with your personal music player of choice in the background.  The game's sound effects are harder to replace, but are workable without breaking immersion.Character companions can sometimes be poorly equipped (Looking at you, Blitz) with lackluster performance thanks to terrible skill and stat priorities.  While this can be somewhat corrected by improving their gear, the split for the player's character is either ""full support"" or ""ignore the rest of the team and be superman"".The system's method of handling decking means that players will have to handle two maps separately.  Unfortunately, that's just a flaw in the basic game system (Shadowrun ruleset), and not something that can be easily fixed.The UglyGame will sometimes crash out, or freeze, needing a game restart to fix.Likewise, on occasions decker characters (the game's term for 'hackers') will be unable to interact with anything while in the net, making the game then require a restart to fix - unless it happens again and again.  A short workaround for this involves opening the character's personal sheet and closing it again, though this does not work for every player.SuggestionsSome small work can be done on the bugs, but otherwise a very well-polished game.Sound quality could be improved, but is hardly essential.The Summary10/10, would play again.  And have.  Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a must-have for fans of sci-fi, roleplaying games, and tactical shooters.  Looking forward to the proposed release of Shadowrun: Hong Kong.---If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
,Recommended,300550,14801089,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,9.5/10
,Recommended,300550,28238254,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Something about dragons.Where's my panther assault cannon.
,Not Recommended,300550,13645874,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Madigon,"A promising idea that stumbled through its execution.Pros:- Shadowrun environment is rich with morally ambiguous decision-making and touch decisions and this game forces you to make some tough calls.- There are lots of options for different player specs in dialogue.- For being an independent studio the dialog text is reasonable.- Hard difficulty was pretty punishing.Cons:- The battling system is beyond frustrating. Several rounds per battle I'd have a clear advantage over the adversaries and spend the entire round missing even though everyone had 78% chance to hit. The probability of that happening once per playthorugh--let alone once per battle--is completely unforgiveable. Sometimes the battle breaks itself and the game sits there doing nothing for 15 minutes before restoring control to my characters.- Decking is not very in-depth and was clearly a distraction for the developers.- Auto-saves feature a ""rewind time"" option which is amazing except it only saves on transitions meaning you have to replay the entire level if something goes bad at the end.- The game gives you the impression that it's almost over when really you have another 6 hours to go in a single mission, then at the end throws a bunch of revealing facts that you have to make snap judgements about with very few  options that 'let me think about this and talk to my crew' .I would not recommend this to anyone other than the hardcore iometric, read-only, turn-based strategy gamer. The relaince on battles coupled with a frustrating battle system doesn't justify the story or the setting."
76561198064642244,Recommended,300550,25618681,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Geeked,nice
76561198271496821,Recommended,300550,31462948,Posted: 30 April,all,Shierdy,"No wonder this game's good! I've been a long time Battletech fan during my early years as a gamer. Buy this game, it's worth your time and money!"
,Recommended,300550,31584966,Posted: 6 May,all,Gulthor,"Dragonfall hearkens back to the CRPGs of old. It has a fantastic story, excellent character customization, an excellent roster of NPCs to interact with, a good variety of missions, and of course, meaningful decisions to make that influence the ending of the game."
,Recommended,300550,31616612,Posted: 7 May,all,JayTee87,"If you tired of any kinds of game play, this definitely a great game to own if you're tactical person.Much strategies needed, your actions deter consequences. Levelling up not as easy as you think. You make your own class."
,Recommended,300550,14237258,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tiller,"A huge improvement over the first game (which I still enjoyed immensely). The choices have more weight to them and NPCs feel alive with the dialog presented. I loved the story and quests in the base campaign and you always have that feeling of wondering what's going to happen next. Being able to customize your skills how you see fit was wonderful, and allows you to make your own kind of character. The ability to easily create your own campaign with the editor is pretty neat, and adds for more to do once you finish the main game.The UI for menus can be annoying at times, and it is clear that it was designed for a mobile platform. During battles the UI is never a problem though and was easy to use.The only things that bothered me was the shoehorning of homosexual relationships(it was fine for one of the main story lines, but is it really necessary to have multiple characters reveal their sexuality when it has nothing to do with the story?)and how human ""racists"" were horrible and eviland you couldn't choose to side with them if even if you wanted tono matter what whilst some metahumans were actively prejudice to the humans and no one batted an eye. The prujudice metahumans were presented much less crazed, of course. I guess it's something to expect from a developer in Seattle, so I can forgive it since the game overall was very good.Shadowrun: Dragonfall is definitely worth the money and will keep you busy for a decent amount of time if you do all the side missions. Buy it if you like rpgs with good story and dialogue."
,Recommended,300550,15107156,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,lumpensolker,N O V A H O TOVAHOT
,Recommended,300550,16428049,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Grandpa DJ,Cyberpunk X-Com with a dash of RPG and a nice big helping of well-written story. Just buy it.
76561198026843242,Recommended,300550,16743028,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Muaddibb,I like this one alot.  Many good elements from the PnP game!
76561197999356538,Recommended,300550,14793424,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MattStriker,"Highly recommended to Shadowrun fans and those who enjoy turn-based tactical shootouts.The original Dragonfall DLC already fixed many issues with Shadowrun Returns, this standalone version clears up most of what remained and provides an experience that may not be 100% tabletop-authentic in its rules but definitely gets thefeelof Shadowrun right."
76561198199455010,Recommended,300550,16702169,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,www.jamesdickinsonthe2nd,I haven't played the Book RPGs ever since the 1990s. I enjoyed the genisis version as well...Even tho it was annoying to get started into the game. The turn base action and getting to the points were a nice change from typical turn based. I recommmend it.
,Recommended,300550,16491966,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Plumber Rick,epic
,Recommended,300550,16685711,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Professor,"This is a great RPG if you like RPGs where the enemies know to target the main character and the main character only, because if the main character dies the game ends. So they will ignore entire firefights and just target your main character, which is very untoward if you're playing any of the squishy classes, which will be 90% of players."
76561198002893566,Recommended,300550,16768645,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BadassBämbi,"Elves, dragons, magic, shotguns, corporations, anarchists, bionic limbs, the matrix, jacking in...Also, a great story, interesting characters and best of all, good turn-based combat. Get it."
76561197977632063,Recommended,300550,16821731,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Xetelian,Recommend yes!
,Recommended,300550,33531159,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,Guide your Dragon through various dark areas and try not to trip!
,Recommended,300550,19757929,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dick Machinko,yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yesyes yes yes yes yesyes yes yes yes yesyes yes yes yes yesyes yes yes yes yesyes yes yes yes yes
,Not Recommended,300550,31735338,Posted: 13 May,all,steve05g,"The game is not bad, but I guess I'm just not a fan.I don't really like the loadout screen and the way you customise gear of your squad.  It caught my attention for a bit, but I don't see myself playing it much longer."
,Recommended,300550,14782408,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ManWithHat,"If you like RPGs with lots of dialogue but want a change of combat from the usual fps, this is for you. On the flip side, if you like isometric tactics games but want a story with more substance, this is also the game for you. The restrictions placed on customizing your teammates is actually downright disappointing. But it DOES make the game very easy to get into. Less mess, Less fuss. The dialogue in this game is also overall very nicely written. This game gets a Scone out of 10. I'm eating a scone right now.P.S. GLORY <3"
76561198074107988,Recommended,300550,14819328,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lusskat,A micromanager's crack
76561198073987259,Not Recommended,300550,25862314,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,_Not_A_Cockroach_,"This game is great. The overall story as well as the various characters' stories are compelling and often even moving, but the game is riddled with bugs, which (after this much time) I think it is safe to say, will never be fixed."
,Not Recommended,300550,28013466,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aggressive Gynecologist,This game would be a great CRPG if it werent for the long load times and gamebreaking bug where sometimes different random inputs aren't detected- the worst example being when the save function doesn't work in any way.
76561197971640510,Recommended,300550,21519747,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Huggles `,"With the exception of perhaps Planescape: Torment, this is perhaps the best RPG out there currently.Masterfully written, designed and realized.Pros:1) Shadowrun mini-missions are long, involved, interesting and are basically unique and interesting stories unto themselves.2) PS:T level writing for companions and incredibly good companion missions3) Story unfolds as a very interesting, almost nail-biting mystery.4) Fun turn based combat system with tons of tactical options, cover, magic, guns, grenades all the goodies.Cons:1) ... It's.... not free? That's about all I got. It's really that good."
,Not Recommended,300550,25719335,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,GRIZLEDORF,"I didn't like this game in the end because every decision you make is based on this character named Monica who you barely even know about and are supposed to be upholding her legacy/following out her will. All the characters constantly mention Monica, ""we have to do this for monica!!"" Let me put it like this to my fellow gamers, Monica is no Aeris not even CLOSE.The other reason I didn't like this game was because even on the hardest setting, combat was very shallow and tedious. The hacking mini game was tedious and dull. The Ai is dense, stupid and easily manipulated."
,Recommended,300550,20500789,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,StiffMeatMallet,I like the game. But it has a few issues with getting stuck. Enemy gets confused? Fix please
,Recommended,300550,28091093,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SmithMcBacon,So good it kept me from studying for finals. I got into the TTRPG shadowrun a bit before spending the three nights it took me to beat this. Its given me some inspiration for running a SR campaign soon. Probably will be buying the other games soon!
76561198048181484,Not Recommended,300550,19446030,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Division By Zero,"(I have mostly played this game in offline mode, that's why the review only says I've played the game for a minute or something.)The awesome:-Storyline, lore, and amount of content is well-thought out and I can definitely tell that's where the bulk of the effort was.-Non-fixed class system - build your character however you like. Of course it means that it's easier to make an inviable character, but with great power comes great responsibility.-Your squad has personalities and you can talk to them. If you liked the recruitable teams in Dragon Age or Mass Effect, you will also like your Shadowrun squad.The good:-Nonlinear - some missions have several paths through them, and there is a central hub where you can take your choice of missions. Your choices have consequences on the storyline, for people who like continuity and immersion.-Techno/cyberpunk soundtrack reminiscent of Deus Ex.-Wide variety of items, some with unique powers and skills.The bad:-The store page lied about the amount of disk space required - it requires over 6 GB, much more than the listed 2 GB-Shadowrun attempts to be overly dark/gritty/mature when it doesn't need to be. Are the devs going for an ESRB M rating or something?-Shadowrun attempts to be somewhere between a near pen-and-paper RPG and a near tactical/action RPG - in practice ending up at a bad spot in between those and succeeding at neither. Skill and attribute checks are binary - for example ""if you have this conversation skill or at least this number in a skill, go ahead, otherwise find another way around"" instead of a d20 system where you have Difficulty Class checks - an unskilled character might luck out on rolling a 20. On the other hand, the turn-based combat doesn't fit tactical action very well - cover is usually unreliable and there aren't enough indicators of where you would be covered from in a given location. Also if you misclick, there's no ""revert move"" button - the most you can do is wait 20 seconds to reload your save (see below).-When you get codes for locks, terminals, and doors, the game doesn't automatically display them while you are interacting with the lock/terminal/door. This would be a very helpful feature to have (Deus Ex: Human Revolution has it. The original Deus Ex doesn't, but that's OK because it has a UI that actually responds when you click on it).-Opaque leveling system. There's no visible experience meter, recruitable character level-ups are unpredictable, and skill points are earned from mission objectives instead of from enemies. Deus Ex: Human Revolution had a much better experience point system balancing rewards for defeating enemies (particularly in skillful ways) with rewarding alternative solutions (such as crawling in air vents or stealth)The intolerable:-The entire game lags badly. My computer isn't a power-gaming machine, but it handles big budget/big publisher premium games like Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Mass Effect 2, and Deus Ex: Human Revolution just fine. On the other hand, Shadowrun: Dragonfall lags. Really badly. On par with a bad Ubisoft console port to PC. As in taking 12 seconds just to exit the game normally, 20-24 seconds to load a game (from a solid-state disk). The game sometimes just slows down to 8 fps randomly and frequently. Combat gets boring having to watch characters run to various places and there's no ""skip animations"".-The UI is crap. There's no documentation or list of keyboard shortcuts. Bringing up a menu forces a 2 second wait for the menu to pop out instead of actually just giving me the darn menu when I ask for it. (and yes, the UI lags as badly as the rest of the game) Sometimes in combat, things that you may need to click on randomly become unclickable. I get the impression that Shadowrun: Dragonfall was originally built for tablets and then given a low-quality, no-optimization port to PC.-The game sometimes crashes (and screws up my resolution). There was also one instance where the AI got stuck in an infinite loop while taking its turn and I had to reload my game.-Skills, abilities, and mechanics are generally poorly documented in-game. Special attacks have no indicator of how many action points they consume. When buying abilities and items in a shop, the descriptions often run out of space and there's no way to closely examine an item before buying it. Some items give extra abilities and skills, yet there's no way to tell what you're getting short of actually bringing them into a fight.Overall:Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a diamond that's so rough that you need to handle it with gloves to avoid getting cut. There's a lot of good in it, but it's held back and ruined by numerous game-breaking problems. It's a shame to have to give a game that could have been excellent a thumbs-down, but there are just too many design problems, technical faults, and other flaws to recommend this. It's also a shame that Steam's review system forces you to give a thumbs-up or thumbs-down with nothing in the middle, because this game deserves a ""Mixed"" review more than almost any other game I know of.Should you get this game?-If you're a big fan of the Shadowrun world, enjoy immersive RPGs where your choices matter, or RNG-heavy RPGs (and also have a high tolerance for technical problems and overly slow games), then I would suggest that you buy it at a deep discount (at least 2/3 off the regular price). Otherwise, it isn't worth your time or your money.-If you're just looking for a cyberpunk-themed game (not specifically Shadowrun), then just get Deus Ex... because Shadowrun is like buying an orange soda and getting seltzer water with a hint of lemon and lime peels instead."
76561198118163664,Recommended,300550,17076908,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,日月繁星,A good story-driven cyberpunk strategy RPG with proper character development and just the right length. A bit buggy though in some parts though. Be sure to save often.
,Recommended,300550,15935098,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Callak Skytower,"This game is a gem for Roll Playing fans that love Shadowrun.   The characters are full bodied, believable personalities with gripping stories you can explore.   Both your team and the characters surrounding your missions are quite believable real characters.  The mechanics is fun for those stragetically oriented and the asthetics of the graphics delves one deep in the world of Shadowrun.That said, there seems to be miner interface glitches that intrude, however the interface problems seem to be only display issues and nothing that kills immersion in game play.  The database is pretty accurate, and is good at keeping track of things properly even if the interface doesn't show it.   For instance....  it seems that sometimes the interface doesn't show you facts that the underlying database knows better.  This can be frusterating when trying to manage things, but the next quest is always correct in your available assets.  This is a buggy problem that could be inprooved, but does not really intrude in the overall immersion to the world, once you realize it."
,Recommended,300550,16065536,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DEVO,"Its XCOM with a much better setting, story, and characters. Actual well written dialogue! The setting is great, especially if you are a fan of William Gibson novels / Neuromancer . Make sure to skip normal mode and go straight to hard on your first playthrough, its meant to be moderately challenging. There are also a ton of user created campaigns, so there's a lot of value for your $ here. There is even a Neuromancer campaign in the works, and a remake of the Sega classic. Highly recommended!"
76561198063942542,Not Recommended,300550,16667898,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,frogslime,"The gameplay itself is quite good and that's enough for some people, but the game's storyline is very bleak and depressing. This is coming from someone who has played and beaten Fallout 1, Fallout 2, Fallout 3, Fallout New Vegas, Wasteland 2, and other ""depressing"" games, but unlike those games the depressing part isn't the atmosphere or looks, it's the fact that in Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut, there is no redeeming quality to the ending.This may not seem like a big problem at first, but despite everything you and the character you have made have been through during the course of the game, the ending will make it seem like all of the effort you have put into getting this far was useless. I have no problem with the combat system or the way the stats work or any of those things, what I don't like is the crushingly depressing story and the way it seems like something good might come at the end and it never does.I've played through this game two times and have tried to enjoy this game despite that, but the awful bleakness in this game is more then I can bear and more then I've felt in any other game.Normally I love games like this but this one I give 3 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,300550,16614829,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nightmare!,"I'd love to review this game positively but despite being a graphically unintensive and comparably primitive title, the application fails to load on my Core i5/ 16 GB RAM/ 780m iMac -- a machine with literally ten times the hardware required.A badly coded piece of trashware. I'd recommend buying it for the iPad instead but since they don't seem to care about their Mac users...just skip this mess.Definitely AVOID.2/10.  And only because it didn't damage my OS install.**Addition**I find it amusing and suspicious that some posters have downvoted my harsh review anonymously.  What kind of score should I have given the a game that will not run on my system?  Should I be happy to simply buy a Steam thumbnail?  The game was offered on Steam for Mac and it's a comparatively primitive game compared to most triple A titles.  If the developers weren't prepared to make a game that would run effectively on a platform...don't offer it.I wouldn't be surprised if some of the downvotes were smurfed/issued by the game developer themselves or some irrational fanboys."
,Not Recommended,300550,15975738,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zintix,"I guess I'm going to have to give this a negative review, I didn't find myself liking the story and after the first 10 minutes I didn't have any urge to carry on playing it. Alas I guess this game isn't for me although somewhere my brain must have liked something about it to buy it in the first place"
,Not Recommended,300550,33449679,Posted: 11 July,all,winny,"Serious performance degradation on Archlinux to the point of being unplayable. Lag ONLY occurs when it is the shaman's turn on my team. UI becomes unresponsive and according to output.txt, OutOfMemoryException errors are happening. It's strange because I have 16 GiB of RAM, though I'm aware that only 4 GiB will be available anyway, as the Shadowrun Dragonfall executable is 32-bit.I'd be happy to re-review this game when it's fixed, but in its current form I would not recommend it without testing it on your setup first. I submitted a message via the contact form; with a bit of luck, maybe they'll address this issue."
,Recommended,300550,32058701,Posted: 30 May,all,Dalohn,Very good.
,Recommended,300550,28803752,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Xerxes,buy it or ill eat your♥♥♥♥
76561197972382461,Not Recommended,300550,30100861,Posted: 22 February,all,DoGCyN,"I have finally finished the game, and am now editing my review. See below for the Original Review.=========New Review=========While I finally did finish the game, it doesn't wholly change my opinion of it. I realize this game has some age to it, but I will still review it based on my experience of it, regardless of the time period I played it in. If it hasn't aged well...then that is unfortunate.Story 7.5/10 - The story is actually pretty decent. Not great, but decent. I've said this before and I'll say it again, this game still tops FF15's story tenfold for one major thing...characters. I did actually like the characters, and the little twist near the end was pleasant as well. Overall it survives but still lacks something...like a soda with no sugar.Music 10/10 - I LOVE the music in this game, all from the ambient music while wandering the Kreuz to the remixed/whole title screen battle music near the end. Well done.Sound effects 6/10 - Barely passable. Not great, not horrible. I felt like I heard the same sound effect for guns and magic over and over just at a slightly different pitch.Gameplay and Polish 3.5/10 - This is what gets me the most. The battle system, as stated in the old review, feels like the isometric RPG version of a generic cover shooter. What I mean is...the Isometric RPG is there, but it lacks any real depth and contains very little strategy. Imagine Gears of War but theres no quick running, or jumping from one set of cover to another, no bonuses for proper reloading, etc.You cannot setup most ""normal battles"" in any way, shape, or form besides maybe entering a different door to the same location to start the battle itself. The animations for magic all look almost identical and have no weight to them. The way the characters run looks like a running animation I did when I first started my college animation classes, or something I threw together in Flash back when Newgrounds was more popular. The environments you explore are almost entirely linear and 95% of the quests and locations can easily be found or solved by holding the Alt button, which reveals objects you can interact with. This would be fine if there wasn't only 2-4 interactable objects in each area. It's bland.There's also a very tedious bug while jacked in that prevents the character you're controlling from finishing his/her turn. You have to end the turn, even if you have 3 remaining turn points, in order to continue (or reload a previous save). This annoyed the hell out of me.Overall 5/10 - In my whole hearted opinion, I believe story and characters are the most important aspect of any story, whether that be told in a book, or a game, or a movie. The story in this game does hold up, but this story is told in a videogame, so gameplay must be mentioned. The gameplay and polish of Shadowrun Dragonfall just doesn't hold up in its current state, however, I will say it now, this game is better than FF15. Tabata (director of FF15), if you ever somehow read this, get a better ♥♥♥♥ing writer. In fact, just take the writer from this game (as he/she are arguably good), slap him on your team, and make a better FF.#saltyAboutFF15============Original Review============I tried so hard to play to play this game. It just doesn't personally hold up to my standards, which are right around where Pillars of Eternity and Divinity Original Sin are.This game is unfortunately just so very bland. The animations from just about every ability, whether it be magic, or a gun, or a sword, all don't carry hardly any weight to them. They are bland looking as well. Most of them look the same with a different sound effect or slightly different color.The music in this game is the only high point. The music is oh-so-good. Not much more to say about it. If music is your thing, then the title screen will sell you.The battle system in and of itself is boring, even on higher difficulties. Not much strategy involved when there is little room/time to even get proper positioning before a battle starts. I understand this doesn't have to be the case every single time, but in this game, it is the case just about every single time. This may as well be a cover shooter with not-enough-depth in the form of an Isometric RPG.Story may have ended well but for the halfway or so through the game I believe I was, it was not sold for me. I was so...so bored.. I was going to give Hong Kong a try next, but that will unfortunately never happen. I'm disappointed."
,Recommended,300550,15967034,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BruceSerrano,"I really want to like this game, but I don't. It has good elements to it: isometric, cyberpunk, and it's AP turnbased. I even kinda like the magic using in a cyberpunk setting. What holds me back from liking this game is the story. I just don't buy it. While I wouldn't call the writing bad by any means there's just something about it I find distasteful. Also I hate the fantasy races. Elves, Dwarves, Trolls, and the social hierarchy of the fantasy races. Something about it really turns me off.I can't say it's a bad game though. In all regards I -should- like it."
,Recommended,300550,16778843,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Irm,8/10
,Recommended,300550,16488192,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DarkByke,So far looks awesome.  Just need time to play it that's all.
,Recommended,300550,16781911,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,põhjamaade boi,Damn good fun.
,Recommended,300550,15960781,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"this is a great game but it's no where near as good as the sega genesis ""shadowrun""not even close.i dont normally like the turn-based games. i find them boring and dull. this game is still pretty fun regardless.somehow they manage to pull it off good enough to where it still feels somewhat like the old shadowrun, but not alot.the scenery looks like shadowrun should. it looks very cyber-punkish.the graphics are great, at least i enjoy them.the game play is good though i wish it was more like the older shadowrun games and not turn based.one thing i will note about the gameplay is it's a set story, as of yet anyhow. you don't talk to and do side missions for the mr johnsons, like in the older games. you are pretty much on a set path and that path is all there is, you find cheap little missions that are on the path and so far lead you in the same direction you are already going.don't get me wrong, i do like this game a lot and still recommend it. i just really wish they would make another sega genesis style shadowrun game....or even remake that one.my overall game rating 8 of 10NOTE: all shadowrun games basically get the same review as they are the same...if they revert back to being better, like the sega genesis original, they will receive better reviews"
76561198042590261,Recommended,300550,29126857,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Recommended,300550,16351678,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,yssuP gnipmaC,Some She-Ork hates me for some alpha-male ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I didnt even start.Superb written
76561198007227242,Recommended,300550,24550995,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BigBadYoda,Very strong entry. So much deeper than Returns. Worth every penny.
76561198296460194,Recommended,300550,30734503,Posted: 25 March,all,Derledrel,gg
76561198007698525,Not Recommended,300550,30900503,Posted: 2 April,all,mellon85,"Very good game indeed, but after 9 hours of game I got 3 time the game stuck in various scenarios... losing in total around 2 hours of things done.. *very* annoying..."
,Recommended,300550,28131806,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,naty0819,"Playing this game is like reading a novel, though English is not my mother language. The story is fun but I seldom play it after work. It just kills too much of my brain cell."
76561197995486888,Not Recommended,300550,14264749,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,mitm,"Worse than the first part. Being german the texts are really ridiculous. They are mixing in german words within the english text all the time and it sounds like they've been taking notes from street signs. Really horrible. Wouldn't be that bad if there was an actuall german translation like in the first part. But Harebrained Schemes only had enough money left for a useless language menu where you can only choose english and of course a 5 star trip to Berlin for authenticity reasons.My english is pretty good but common. Harebrained Schemes, would you guys like playing a game like this in say Japanese  or French or whatever?Didn't play long yet, but it seems they didn't really improve the engine or fix more than a couple of bugs. Graphics are still hilarious, ""Berlin"" looks like a house in Sims. The music says ""turn me off"" after about 5 seconds. The flashy concept art may catch some kids but to me it looks unfinished, like the rest of the whole game.Not fun, don't buy."
76561198026869226,Not Recommended,300550,14762984,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Babuya,"Linear story, game breaking bugs... Hard to worth 3.5 stars."
76561198060396398,Recommended,300550,13607800,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,STINKFIST,On your next game can you make a PvP or Coop compnent.  So that Shadowrun Online can stop calling itself online.  Shadowrun online is being developed into a linear game with the only online thing about it is coop on missions.What everyone is expecting is far more!  Apartments and Residences and vehicles are in the Shadowrun TOPs  Even sub metatypes like minotaurs and gnomes.
,Not Recommended,300550,23298334,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,I love Timur,"This may be enjoyable if you enjoy playing games where you're just along for the ride, but frustrating because none of your in-game decisions actually matter. 100% of major events play out the same regardless of what decisions you make, and a few lines change in the epilogue. Great world, great characters, but only offers the illusion of choice. Finished the game unsatisfied."
76561198067563194,Recommended,300550,32153168,Posted: 3 June,all,Universal Gamer,What can be said.IT ROCKS!- Universal Gamer
76561198007226198,Recommended,300550,14683592,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lato,Just amazing! A Kickstarter success and one of the best RPG games out now.
76561198070565479,Not Recommended,300550,21714111,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,mipbar,meh
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,300550,23213603,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,"Reported the game crashing in full screen mode. 6 months later, no replies and no fixes, still crashes.Edit: The crash is apparently the result of a conflict between directx 11 and unity. As I understand it, the devs have no intention of trying to resolve the issue and lay the blame on unity.  If borderless window was an option there would at least be a workaround for full screen play for people with DX11, but even that much is too much to ask."
76561198046794227,Not Recommended,300550,34305654,Posted: 17 August,all,harley.d.wilson,"Black screen on startup, with only a cursor.No-one seems to have a clue how to actually fix the problem. Wasted the asking price."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,300550,15407205,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"I'm surprised at all the really positive reviews for this game. As someone who really likes turn based RPGs, I thought this game would be great.I can't remember being so disappointed in a game recently, everything is so poorly done. First big drawback - no manual. There is some poorly written in game help, but that's no substitute for a manual. I have no experience with the Shadowrun universe, perhaps if I had the concepts would have made more sense to me.Probably the biggest issue for me is the graphics. Usually I don't care about graphics if the gameplay makes up for them. Here the gameplay is lacking and the graphics are really poor. Everything looks cartoonish and too small. The interface is terrible - they should have at least had tooltips given the lack of documentation."
,Not Recommended,300550,13710765,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DogdaySunrise,A compelling story that is hampered by sub-par execution and technical issues.
,Recommended,300550,28097485,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆With proper graphics, and cinematic storytelling, this could be the greatest game.  Without them, its a cheap knockoff of XCOM combat, interrupted by walls of text.  Kickstarter raised nearly 2million dollars to fund this, no excuse for it to be lower quality than a 20 year old PS1 game.+ Interesting Lore+ Dialogue choices+- Quicksaving, not so quick loading+- XCOM style combat.  No cinematic cameras, clunkier controls, buggy cover, and several other problems drag it down.+- While the ""Karma"" system provides a deep and fully customizable character sheet, the way its presented is unintuitive.- Weak graphics- RNG based combat- Weird healing system- Can't rotate the camera- Decker seems the most viable class- Very few options, no options for controls- Interaction points disappear, unless you hold Alt- Story is told via walls of text, with no animation whatsoever- Talking to NPCs takes 2 clicks, the first one only walks to them"
,Recommended,300550,16736567,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"well thoughtout RPG system with a Great story and  characters, Nice cubergoth atmosphere. well worth having in your library! a great series overall and they did a good job bringing it back."
,Not Recommended,300550,16858509,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,No Cookies 4 U,"Couldn't get into it. Feels like the game punishes you for it giving you too many options. I was doing the opening mission and there were no less than 4 choices in dialog that I couldn't access, and at least two majorly affected gameplay. If you want to replay the same missions over and over with no reward for doing so, you might like it because you'll get different results. I personally don't, because the dialog isn't that great. It isn't bad, but it doesn't grab attention either, especially since it isn't voiced over. If you want a game that has a better class system and better story, I'd go for Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines (you need to patch it, which is easy to do). For RTS (on Steam), I'd go for Breach & Clear: Deadline or XCOM: Enemy Unknown.This one is a combination of both and probably has more hours in it than Breach & Clear: Deadline, but it was annoying to me. For example, can't skip the ""cutscenes."" They're not horribly long, but even by the time I got through the first mission I got sick of watching guys run into a room for a few seconds, then pop up some uninteresting text dialog. I like the turn-based combat; that is not what I think is annoying. The part that's annoying is interacting with a computer, sitting there for MEH dialog, then sitting there staring at nothing for two seconds, then it pans over to some guy who doesn't even have a special animation for the event come in, take up a few more seconds, and spout some more text. I know seconds don't seem long, but wait til you're unable to move and you know boring text dialog is your only reward for waiting.And the combat isn't even good. Compare this to XCOM: Enemy Unknown (which is two years older) and this feels pretty mediocre. Because the text is so bland, you don't really get a feel for the character's personality either. At least with voice overs even if the text is MEH you can still get a feel for the characters.Call it personal opinion if you like, but to me, seeing ""wink"" in the dialog 2 or 3 times in the opening text means that literacy is not the friend of this game. Oh yeah, that's another thing. The text reads like this:--------------------------[Person doing thing or showing an emotion]Mediocre dialog here.[Possibly another thing being done or emotion being shown]--------------------------It makes it hard to read. Your eyes have to jump around to even find the dialog, which is so bad that apparently they feel the need to emote it for you. I'm all for the emotes, but not in game dialog.5/10"
,Not Recommended,300550,15109529,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tourgen,"Uninteresting and unlikeable characters who have silly conversations no one would ever have.  Many conversation options are just the illusion of choice, with only 1 option disguised as 3 or 4 differenly worded selections.  Some areas are better than others.  Too often though one moral choice is railroaded down the player's throat with no consideration given to other reasonable and valid means of resolving an encounter.  It is especially grating when it happens in a simple dialog encounter which would only require a few more lines of text and no additional gameplay.Finally the old selection and movement bug from the previous game returns which requires a complete exit from the game and restart."
,Not Recommended,300550,15538309,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,unclepeyj,"I tried to like this game, considering the overwhelmingly positive reviews; but clearly it's not for me."
76561198041562076,Not Recommended,300550,16181683,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Amonkal,Another game ruined by SJW's trying to force their BS down your throat.
,Not Recommended,300550,16003493,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,vegan meth,Story 7/10 Gameplay 2/10This should just be a book. Horrible gameplay.
,Recommended,300550,32086066,Posted: 31 May,all,Eldraak,Just play it.
,Recommended,300550,17075624,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laSBiW1gECoA standalone release of Harebrained Schemes' critically-acclaimed Dragonfall campaign, which first premiered as a major expansion for Shadowrun Returns. The Director's Cut adds a host of new content and enhancements to the original game: 5 all-new missions, alternate endings, new music, a redesigned interface, team customization options, a revamped combat system, and more - making it the definitive version of this one-of-a-kind cyberpunk RPG experience.  - Highly Recommended!"
76561197975539981,Not Recommended,300550,31371904,Posted: 26 April,all,Babbles,"Terribly boring missions, *every single one* plays out the same: walk around, talk to some people, then fight your way out of the level. I cannot think of a single mission that doesn't play with exactly the same method.Luckily, I paid next to nothing for the game, still don't reccommend it though."
,Not Recommended,300550,29574760,Posted: 29 January,all,jeremiah,Game becomes unplayable with bugs that keep you from moving or activating nodes on the screen.
76561197990570513,Not Recommended,300550,15820621,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Museroom[MO],I see bad programmers
,Not Recommended,300550,28518282,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BARACK OBAMA,Unlike its predecessor Dragonfall aims a bit too high; the result is a game that's overlong and a drag by the end.
76561198071859519,Not Recommended,300550,34354290,Posted: 19 August,all,digms,Un playable. You will get near the end then your save games get corrupt and speed slows down to nothing. Unresponsive. tried many times. This game is the biggest let down since Ultima Black Gate. POS!
,Recommended,300550,19590181,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MundM,"There I was, wondering when I will ever play a decent round based tactical rpg again...turns out, I just was looking in the wrong corner. Shadowrun: Dragonfall, has complex and well written characters, lots of optional quests, deicions, decisions, decisions, you great a character like you should in a role playing game...to sum it up, it brought me back to play this genre again, and I'm sure you will enjoy it too."
76561198038687296,Not Recommended,300550,16007567,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gamebot,"I recently consumed every other high-ranking or goty RPGs, so I decided to try on shadowrun series.Compared with other mainstream RPGs, like Wasteland2(94/100), Pillars of Eternity(97/100), Inquisition(97/100), Divinity: Original Sin(95/100), X-com(100/100),Shadowrun(75/100) is definitely a tacky, cheap version of old school RPG.I expected more like deep stories, complex/exquisite character build system, but there's no such thing. AIs are too dull, so you can just wait until they come and kill themselves. There's no explicit advantages, disadvantages, or differences between classes or weapons, so all you have to do is attacking same enemies with similar skills without any specific tactics.Considering the fact that the price is nearly 0, I don't want to be too hard on Devs. However, I don't think you should waste your time to stomach this tacky game only because it's cheap. If you have high expectation and standards for story-driven, decent build mechanism RPGs, don't waste your time on this one."
76561198055915798,Not Recommended,300550,15975371,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,1979 Honda Accord,"This game bombards you with loads of stuff about stats and playstyles to start off the game with you having no real idea of how it's going to work. It should have introduced elements and let you pick a style of play based off what you liked. Corny fanfic-y writing and giant walls of text in a video game, when I read that fake curse word I spent a good five minutes laughing. If I wanted to read I would buy a book where the writing is actually good.  I know it seems a little harsh to judge this game on story, but a lot of it's selling points are on style and story. I'm going to think that because they hit you with a giant wall of text to start the game. The gameplay is XCOM. It's XCOM. You think you bought Shadowrun: Dragonfall. No you bought XCOM. If you loved XCOM buy it, but for people like me who can't stand the spacebar inducing writing skip it."
76561198007409592,Not Recommended,300550,15945281,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,An even bigger dissapointment then the first part. Overhyped garbage.
76561198004538351,Recommended,300550,24005315,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"I must admit I've never heard of it or played it until I bought it and now I'm hooked. This game , although it's kinda retro is freaking awesome.....what strikes me as odd is back when it came out they had less technology and they did more with it and now they have more technology and developers seem to do less with it. This game will suck you in to the story and you will actually feel like you are a part of it. It's freaky , it's entertaining and the time just goes by quickly. I got all three for 15 bucks and I'm only on this one , very cool game."
,Not Recommended,300550,17702240,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Way too buggy for how long this has been out.Cover doesn't apply on the side you have cover, accuracy values mean nothing.It's a shame, because the writing is fairly good but the actual gameplay is undermined by♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics."
76561197978006225,Not Recommended,300550,25211673,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lassious,This game get boring rather quickly. the game mechanics feels dated and rehashed.
,Not Recommended,300550,28092303,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Undead Zombie,"If I alt-tab the game stops working. As a self employed person who takes calls and does work I de-stress with a game. But I need to be able to get out of it quick and this game makes using it impossible for me. 2 monitors, I'm sorry, a game that can't be set asside is unplayable for me."
76561198095497182,Not Recommended,300550,23742413,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,seranx,"I loved the original game but this is not even playable. It keeps freezing and slowing down in the first mission. Apparently, making your game barely stable is optional these days."
,Not Recommended,300550,29771847,Posted: 7 February,all,Yvoire,"After playing it for some hours, I can safely say that this game is garbage from all points of view I can think of.Gameplay-wise, it's incredibly dry. You don't even get to decide when to initiate combat, stealth is not a thing, and there's a ridiculously limited amount of elements in a given scene with which you can interact. The combat is ok, but nothing worth praise.The story is an endless deprotagonizing railroaded trip where you're ordered around to do errands, knowing nothing of the big picture and ultimately having no power over the setting and the story, while the NPCs handle the real important stuff. Not for one second have I felt like I'm the protagonist of the story. Just an errand goon.This was sadly true of the previous chapter of this game, and things haven't improved in the slightest. I remember that the biggest moment in the previous Shadowrun, when you prepare to fight the final boss, is when the really cool NPCs come out and steal the scene. Depressing, and Dragonfall isn't any better.I gave the Shadowrun franchise a second chance and I regret it.Poorly scripted, horribly written, this is everything that was wrong about pen&paper roleplaying games from the nineties."
76561197997911889,Not Recommended,300550,13915949,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sharky,"Look at this game makes me think we moving backwards not forward.I mean we had Fallout 2 in 1998 and Jagged Alliance 2 1999, an dFallout Tactics doest help.And comparing Shadowrun: Dragonfall to those three games? Noo..Drganofall is C rate title. Not B, not A, but C. Unfortiently like many these days.And I know I know, it suppose to be standalone add on to Shadowrun Returns.But still should have more to it?Dragonfall is very well written, has really good story. I give you that.It makes you want to follow and discover it. What happend? What else? What did he do after?And you get a lot of options to choose from. You can play like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or like  saint and everything between.But story, which is written in plain text...so yest there is A LOT of reading,  is not everything.So what else have this game when comparing to three OLD game I mentioned before?Nothing.What this game offers new? Improved? Nothing. Only story.Gameplay itself is very simplified.1.You dont need to look for items, most of the times, since they will lit up themselves to be picked up.2.Your team follows you like mindless sheeps all the time, until combat begins. Then you can give them orders.And you can equip them before mission starts, not in mission. You cant change anything then. You cant swap items between your team , in betwen combat scenes.3. You dont have much choice. I mean not in storyline but In any action.I remember in fallout 2 i shoot somebody by accident. And I had to kill whole town.I know it sound weird but this is to show how very shallow gameplay is here.4. Weapons/armor are without any addons. Go to Jagged Aliance 2. Similar storyline but in current times.You have your weapons, you can add/make attachments, choose right ammo ..etc etc.. different types of armor, modyfi it. Million thing to do.Here you can buy a gun/spell/armor/deck, or better one, or just add improvment to your body.Thats it.5. Graphics are at most average. We have 21 century. Game is back in 20 century.6. I had around 7-8 crashes during 2 days gameplay. But I wont write it down as a con since it always can be circumstantial. Yet BF4 works fine :P7. You are not free much there. You have main location and all usual points to check out. And quest locations.There is now world to roam free to.This game feels like cheap knock off from Fallout 2 and Jagged Aliance 2, and dosent and even Fallout Tactics beats it.Simplfifed dumbe down game.Pros:- story,Cons:-simplified/dumbed down gameplay,-poor graphics,-lack of proper team managment,-small locations,-no free world to check out,""C"" class title.I dont recomend this game for more than 8 euro."
,Not Recommended,300550,32862216,Posted: 27 June,all,Lordedubs,"Purchased this game after completeing the woefully short Shadowrun Returns. cannot import character, UI is completely different, starting leveling is very difficult to the poin t that the exactr same build I used to complete SRR is not even viable...will be refunding. disappointing. was expecting to beable to import my character but nope, i'd rather have my 5 dollars than this game."
76561198165126436,Not Recommended,300550,15618778,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,bulletsponge12,F&^(ING BORING! If you enjoy monologue that brings you closer to the uterus of a tranny then this is your cup of tea.
76561198062305279,Not Recommended,300550,33961523,Posted: 1 August,all,Senpai!,Enless dialogues. Due to fixed perspective whenever you try to move to a cover that is close or behind ally you can't because your ally blocks the mouse and clicking does nothing. Such a simple mechanic screwed up by hapless devs. Uninstalling instantly.
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,300550,16556432,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,"In as few words as possibel: I hope you like READING!! and large combat results NOT in your favor. It plays much like xcom enemy whatever and that part is kewl. But, the reading my gawd the reading it's just too much. I felt like I took a step back in time playing on the commodore 64. :)"
,Not Recommended,300550,34909118,Posted: 12 September,all,Maxine,"Surprisingly mediocre, what with all the praise it's gotten.Takes itself way, way too seriously—it's needlessly angsty and overdramatic, even when the story is all but an average attempt at cyberpunk fantasy. All of the characters have the *exact same* edgy teenage personality, the lack of variety in which makes it useless as a RPG to begin with, and your choices don't matter in the grand scheme of things. Sure, you get to see exactly what you say, but they all lead to the same path. What's the point in giving dialogue choices to begin with if it does ♥♥♥♥-all to change how it's going? I mean, half of my issues with the game in this regard are because whoever wrote the horrible dialogue throughout should stick to wannabe-bestseller YA fiction. Hell, it might even be below that.Not to mention how it looks exactly like a Facebook flash game... I mean, I get that it's an indie game, but they could make sure it's a little less apparent. Nothing bad looking, but the cheapness of it all is a little immersion-breaking. Even though there's no 'Made in Unity' splash, you can practically feel its limitations while playing. The cover system is horrible, difficulty is outstandingly inconsistent, and the overall gameplay is presented rather poorly.If this were still the late 80s, it might be a game worth considering, but by today's standards? A subpar story, almost painfully bland characters, and weak gameplay makes the game a 1-2 'no thank you' punch. Wouldn't call it bad, only stress that it's below average in all respects."
,Recommended,300550,12145111,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,DentalJaguar™,Like Skyrim in the future and with guns
76561198068898321,Not Recommended,300550,13561858,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jarballo490,"Unplayably Buggy, cant make a charictor without it freezing. Will keep trying as steam said they will not do a refund but very disapointing since i hear its a great game, but ill prob never know that first hand since it wont get past the new camgapn menu..."
,Not Recommended,300550,32377338,Posted: 12 June,all,Drew Austin,"Overall, this game is dull. It's turn-based action is boring and sub-par. The characters boring & the character development is uninteresting. The story is tedious and plotting, nothing really keeps you invested in the game."
76561198047864195,Not Recommended,300550,13509640,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BigDickBazuso,"The difficulty in this game is complete insanity! It's one of those games where you either follow a strict build or it fudges you up the♥♥♥♥♥with insanely difficult battles! I can't beat the first freaking level because all of the characters presented are too weak to put up a fight and survive for ten turns!Did I mention that it was NORMAL difficulty? Recommended for NEW players? Well, apperantly new players means hardcore XCOM fans, because this is certainly not NORMAL difficulty!"
,Not Recommended,300550,29472953,Posted: 24 January,all,EnduroDoug,"Instantly turned off by this game. Maybe it's just me, but I hated the UI and found the game to be way less of an RPG than a Turn-based strategy game, but not as engaging and accessible as something like X-Com. Very little in way of an introduction or tutorial and a very steep learning curve/difficulty in the first encounter."
76561198094254204,Not Recommended,300550,13216577,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Deschuttes,"Gonna go Old fasion here.Visuals :4/20 -----------It seems as though this game was meant to be an app on a mobile device.Animations are limited, Graphics are pathetic(U3 engine is free ffs)Audio:3/10 ------------Has a soundtrack and sound effects. No attempt at voiceover what so ever.Even just simple phrases when clicking on a character would have been nice.Gameplay:7/10---------Basic turn based rpg nothing groundbreaking but still fun.Concept/Story:20/25---- Great Stories concept has amazing potential(It's Shadowrun)Enjoyment:25/35-------Took a little bit to actually start liking the game..but I do.Overall:59/100--------- You will like this game but it comes up so short when comparing it to othe games like X-COM:Enemy Unknown or Divinity Original sin."
,Not Recommended,300550,17507403,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,GG LA Bunny Fuuu Fu,Definition of garbage
,Not Recommended,300550,13189769,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,wattro,"OK, I wanted to like this, but my level 1 guys are freaking inept.  I am doing the first mission, and there's this dude that's half hiding behind a desk.  so, i move 4 guys up to within 2 squares of him (all 4 are flanking).  3 of 4 miss.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561197995072611,Not Recommended,300550,14376845,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,THEKOOKYBOY,Not even fun.
,Not Recommended,300550,23558630,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nico,Weak gameplay/mechanics.
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,300550,13221795,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,"This game is trash.Luckily I bought this game on sale, and saw it had positive reviews -- I even double-checked on metacritic, but overall this game is a HUGE dissapointment.  Don't let people trick you into the ""battles are fought XCOM style.""  The battles are few and far between, and usually only consist of a few room, where the enemies hide behind a chair or desk, while you and your team unload on them from across the way with shotguns.  The fights are a joke, the graphics are mediocre at best, the music will have you turning off your speakers.This game looks like it's straight out of 1997 and be prepared to run back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, performing the most mundane tasks.  The premise is cool (orcs, elves, trolls are real in the world, and public, a la Hellboy), until it spirals into a laughable plot about coorporate dragons trying to rule the world.  And be prepared to read ALOT .... like Stephen King alot, because there sure as hell isn't any gameplay here.I quit 66 hrs in.  I don't even care to finish this POS."
76561197966249972,Not Recommended,300550,23842841,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hex,"I didn't like this game, I wanted too, I tried too, I just couldn't.There is nothing wrong with the game.  I thought I would like it...It just didn't grab me for some reason.  I started new games 3 times, each time thinking I'll go back to it and I'll like it then.  Nope.  Maybe it's me, but there it is."
,Not Recommended,300550,23711241,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Graftmaster,Big Plays
76561198081416226,Not Recommended,300550,13634626,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cool_bombom,to much reading and die all the time
,Not Recommended,300550,13643626,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,"Stupid game. Put it on easy and the security guards can kill without mercy. Almost every single attack the enemy throws land but yet every one of yours misses. Congratulations, this studio sucks at making games."
76561197998262068,Not Recommended,300550,25313544,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,stevenbrianp,Way too much reading.  This might have been a good game for me otherwise.  This isn't the 90's.  They were cheap not to include proper voice acting and cut scenes to tell the story instead of all the text.  It slows it down too much.
,Not Recommended,300550,12299091,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Evilgood1,"Great game for anyone who loves turn based strategy games, all the combat is turn based whilst the rest of the game is real time. They have taken the fiddling around with useless junk out of the game leaving the game with a much more enjoyable experience. No longer do you have to search every crate box etc, just the ones that are highlighted and in those are items that you actually use and when you are carrying too much there is an option to send it to your stash for keeping (which means you cant use the item until you recover it from your stash at base). This is a great feature and prevents useless trips back to areas already visited just to collect junk that you could not carry whilst you were there. Great game, took all the teadious aspects of micro management out of the game (unlinke wastelands (waste of money)) leaving you with a very enjoyable experience at a reasonable price!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------changing review to a negative as been waiting over 1 week for support to answer why the game suddenly stopped working with no the decncy of a single response from steam support. Great going guys!"
76561197997445056,Not Recommended,300550,12920634,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,5pcm1chael5,"""Steamed""Great game, except I don't want to wade through tech support. Game yes. Steam no. Finish the APEX mission and now I can't move. Happened twice. I'm done. Get it. Play it. Just don't do it through this website.Oh yeah. Keeps deleting my saves, and I have to keep finding the game to launch it. Messed up.By steam. Last time I'm getting burned by you."
,Not Recommended,300550,12239184,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,PDC_Emulator,75% chance to hit = No chance to hit
76561198018887004,Not Recommended,300550,33213634,Posted: 3 July,all,Dreadfeather,Garbage. Absolute garbage.
76561198207746820,Not Recommended,300550,31182160,Posted: 16 April,all,SK,"Mechanics of this game are terrible, there's no strategy, just turn based.  The story reminds me of why I moved from Seattle, left wing activist garbage.  You know the drill, everyone’s a racist, or has xenophobia, unless you agree with them.   There's an actual mission where a supposed racist is ""saved"" and to repent for his sins...he has to move in with a bunch of racist who hate his race.  The left never sees their own hypocrisy.   Anyway, if you're up for a boring turn based game with a SJW leftist agenda, this games for you."
76561198027927604,Recommended,300550,19225418,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,PaulMorningstar,"Quick review: the game is not the best of the best out there, but it delivers. It's an RPG equivalent of a good criminal book -  action, suspence, puzzle to solve and tactical gaming. All packed and closed with a sense. Just play and enjy. Two remarks: music is rather annoying - turn it off and play something else; if you are experienced gamer, change the difficulty level above normal."
,Recommended,300550,19191975,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,mraadx,a bit short but really enjoyable.this is my first play in shadowrun series. And suprisingly I spent the first gameplay for 12 hours non stop.Shadowrun reminds me of excom but with deeper writing and feels like reading novel.the most interesting part of this game is that in every mission you will end up with choices to proceed. this will question your moral value and you will find yourself immersed into the story. will you betray your current client to gain a little bit more profit. will you kill this guy for money. Are you doing the right thing. the story can actually makes you care and expecting for the best ending that suits you true personality. maybe. ;)
,Recommended,300550,19181720,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,UraniumSlug,"This game is everything the first Shadowrun was not. Many of the Gameplay and UI issues have been resolved and the story is absolutely compelling and well written. The only negative is a lack of side missions for team members. If you're a fan of story driven, top down RPG's you have to play this."
,Recommended,300550,19086346,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TheEggLyfeChoseMe (Drew),"If you loved games in the genre of Neverwinter Nights and Dragon Age Origins then you would definitely appreciate this one, although it has different game mechanics (turn based grid combat) than the ones I used as a basis of comparison. As a newcomer to the Shadowrun universe I felt a bit lost after my first completion as the story had more depth than I thought initially. I think more low level details about the lore are given in the first reboot game Shadowrun Returns that I have not played yet. I would say that having those details in the beginning of the game would've made the experience better.I must say that I came through a few bugs during gameplay. Once I was at the end of a battle that lasted quite a while and I was really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that that occured. For example the enemy turn would just not continue or you can not do any action even though you still have Action Points. If any of these 'freezes' occur, I found that opening the menu and closing it (maybe twice or going into Karma menu) it goes away. With this finding my experience improved. Nonetheless, I find it odd that such a fundamental bug is still in the game.Gameplay* I loved seeing a tree for attributes and skills with free reign of how you want to build your character* Load/Save can be abused for putting points in skills that affect dialogue because you can see the prerequisites in the dialogue option.* Hard mode was only hard in the beggining while I adjusted to the game. Understanding of cover mechanics, skill points optimization, tazer guns (that thing is too OP) made the game a bit of a chore of repeating strategy to advance without any harm.* My pedantic side would've loved to see how each stat affects the mathematics behind combat. I also felt that it could've been optimized/balanced more. By that I am not saying the system is bad, it's just that one my sidekicks was missing too often while the another was way too strong.All in all I would definitely recommend this game. Big thumbs up!"
76561198012023582,Recommended,300550,19274841,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,lewrker,"A bit second-system, but overwall a significant improvement over Shadowrun Returns."
,Recommended,300550,19043846,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,destx,EXCELLENT GAMELOTS OF READINGTROLL WAIFU
76561197980910801,Recommended,300550,19062642,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Haute DIO,"Certainly a marked improvement over Shadowrun Returns, but far from perfect. The story is really interesting, the dialogue is believable, and the ending has many different branching paths; but the turn-based combat is still a little finicky. Often times it turns into a game of leap frog. You run behind enemy and shoot. Enemy runs behind you and shoots. Repeat until someone is dead. Still, I can safely recommend Dragonfall for the story and themostlyfunctional combat system to fans of Shadowrun or CRPGs."
,Recommended,300550,19028915,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Scrublord | ミカヅキ,"Highly recommend this game. I haven't played the previous iterations before, but I loved this the moment I tried it.The combat system is good, the lore is great, and the art for the game is amazing. This game seems like a good game as any in the series to delve into it.One thing I like the most about it is the dialogue. The characters feel like real characters, although most of it isn't voice acted. You can safely say that the writing is solid."
76561197971064020,Not Recommended,300550,18979952,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sarchasm,Steam Cloud Saves don't work. Would've been nice to know that before I upgraded hard drives.
,Not Recommended,300550,18971127,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ruler of Lake Titicaca,"I bought this to help me prepare for being a GM. Our group wants to play in Berlin. Naturally this game was on my radar.Did it give me an impression of future Berlin? Sure, but the gameworld is really small and honestly, if it weren't for the street signs, this could have been any city  in the world. Not even the subway felt or looked like the Berlin U-Bahn. Not one mission near iconic landmarks. Meh.The anarchy side of Berlin? Your only contact with it as a player is a payphone where you accept basic side objectives for your main missions. That whole aspect felt rather underwhelming. Especially in a roleplaying game.Mission design? Everything felt quite shallow and formulaic. One room, a diesel generator and and gasoline generator and two fuel containers. Pour correct fuel into correct generator...riddle solved. Many riddles are just as easy and also just as boring. There are barely any secrets to find at all.Story? The game illuminates what really happened to Feuerschwinge. Within the Shadowrun setting this is about as epic as it gets, but let's not spoil details. Due to the story being very linear though, I couldn't enjoy it that much. I get that shadowrunners are often used as unwitting tools, but to me that doesn't excuse how meaningless most choices in this game are.A slightly disappointing ending with two choices that literally end up with the same outcome? Come on!Overall, I can't really recommend this game to anyone but real shadowrun fans who want to experience the whole Feuerschwinge storyline. And even to those only at a discount.Personally I am not interested in any further Shadowrun games from this developer. The game was too shallow and linear for what I expect from roleplaying games.P.S Glory never showed up in the Weinkeller. Sup with that? *sadface*"
,Recommended,300550,18965585,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Randolph Carter,"Got this for six bucks. ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal. Excellently paced story with addictive combat. If its on sale you owe it to yourself, if not its still probably worth your money. SRR didn't hook me; this did."
76561198169341173,Recommended,300550,18917481,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Zilais Whale,If you like anything based around turnbased rpg its probably your game to play.Great game with many plot twists and intresting characters.
76561198039488600,Recommended,300550,18958141,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ryzor,"I still remember this series back from the Sega days and this game hold a special place in turn-based heaven. It reminds of playing the RPG table top game so much. Anyhow, it is a true romp through a cyberpunk sandbox. I am enjoying the plot, characters, and feel of the world.Of all this things I have a couple problems. It would be nice if there were voice overs for the converations, and that is the one negative of the game.Great play!"
76561198001801800,Recommended,300550,18864177,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ColorsFade,"I'm revising my review to give it a thumbs up.Not all games are perfect. Not all games are big-budget masterpieces. Shadowrun: Dragonfall is obviously a budget game; there are design decisions in this game that were clearly made to keep the budget down (no voice-acting, isometric game on flat, 2D canvas; all of this easier to program, and costs less to make). I am taking these things into account for this review. This isn't a Fallout 4 game or a Baldur's Gate 2. But what this game is, is mostly good, with some bad elements that don't cripple it, but do stunt it.This game still has flaws. But I think in the end, the good stuff wins out. If you are a fan of RPG's combined with turn-based tatical combat, then this probably is something you need to play.Bad Stuff First1) There's a learning curve. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it can make it difficult to know what to choose when leveling up a character, or how to take advantage of the environment when you're in a fight. Expect to hit Google or the game message boards here on Steam to figure things out (like what those circles on the ground are for, and how to use them).2) Encounters can be very difficult, to the point where they seem unbalanced in favor of the enemy. Save often. If you're persistant, like I am, you're probably going to stubbonrly replay a failed combat over and over to get through itt. That's not exactly ""fun"". Fortunately, this game, much like XCOM, seems to have a bit of a reverse difficulty curve (though not as steep). The early missions, with fewer action points and tools to fight with, can be difficult against the large number of enemies you'll face.3) The writing. This game hasno voice-actingso there is a lot of reading involved. I don't think that's bad thing. I grew up on text-based MUD's, so reading is no issue. And I understand the decision to do it that way - keeps the budget down. But the writing is not very good in places. It feels like the writers are trying too hard to impress (look at my writing chops!) instead of just conveying.Good StuffThis game will get some comparisons to XCOM, for the tactical, turn-based combat with cover. And that's a somewhat valid comparison. But I think a better comparison might be an older game like Fallout 1 or Fallout 2. The combat is really very much like Fallout 1 style combat, with some XCOM amenities (like to-hit percentages, and a lot of fancy skills).It's an old-school, fixed isometric view with good art and a promising story setup.The designers do a good job of providing the player with multiple options for completing some quests. This is, in fact, a very strong point for this game, and something other games should pay attention to. For instance, you can opt to go the diplomacy route instead of firing weapons, or you can opt for hacking instead of gunslinging (reminded me of System Shock back in the day), etc. Missions can have more than one way to progress, and your ability to advance through a mission will depend largely on the talent of the team members you bring with you. Example: a quick way into a building might be bringing a decker along to hack your way in, but if you elected to take a more ""all muscle"" group with you, you might have to do some dumpster-diving to find a key-card to get into the building. It's nice when designers give gamers these options, and I respect Dragonfall for doing it.The story is engaging.The combat, once you get past some of the early, annoying missions, is actually pretty fun.Bottom line: I think there are so few of these style of games on the market that are any good, that Dragonfall needs to be played and given time to sink in. I made too quick of a judgement on my first review. It's not a flawless game, but it's a game worth playing IMO. And it has it's moments that make it worthwhile."
76561198144672116,Recommended,300550,18979801,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,susfun,This game was fun.  I really enjoyed the story.  I felt like my decisions were meaningful.  I really enjoyed the combat.  I played a decker and it was satisfying.
,Recommended,300550,19078732,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,geoffreywolter,Fantastic story driven RPG with turn based combat... Shadowrun: Dragonfall will suck you in with a story of intrigue and revenge as you build your team of Shadowrunners up from a crew on the brink of collapse to a well oiled machine capable of completing any objective set before them. Don't miss this one if you are a fan of similar games.
76561197974399543,Recommended,300550,19041460,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vochrtchor,Very good cyber punk. . . but only to play once. . . pity
76561198056234885,Recommended,300550,19060131,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,TSTINKERS,"This game is similar to X-Com Enemy Unknown and Wasteland 2.   It is a decent turn based game and I enjoyed it but it wasn't amazingly awesome.  Since I played over 30hrs of course I have to recommend it.   however,  I am annoyed when I play turned based games and they aren't as good as Jagged Aliance 2 which should have set the standard. (ie. where if you shoot someone with a bullet at point blank range it causes major damage no matter what the gun).   That's my main gripe.  This game is unrealistic in that sense.  The skill tree wasn't the best.Story line was decent.  Lots of twists."
76561197971878112,Recommended,300550,15988183,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BigStrongMike,"TL:DR? just skip to the bottom sectionSo let me just say that the short commings of Shaowrun:Returns have been addressed, all of them;the mediocre writing,character portait variety,the job systems, even the combat feels a bit crisper and the locations are all...more appropriate somehow.I've been a Shadowrun fan since I started reading the novels at the age of 9. The content was dark, deep,mature. It had magic and technology, Never Deal with a Dragon blew my mind onto the wall, into the matrix as it were. I remember listing Robert Charrette as my favorite author for many years during those lame english and reading classes, above Tolkien Stood Mr.Charrette at least in my mind and at the time.I remember playing The Snes game when i was in my early teens and not quite feeling the same rush, there was a lot of clunk, the matrix seemed more like a video game, the dialogue really tried. But I couldn't play it until almost a decade later with the help of an old nintendo  secrets guide book i found for a dollar.Then the Genesis  version, I personally feel this game holds up today, the combat was a  little weak but it had megaplex runs, a very solid matrix system, locations, loved it.I never played that fps that came out for the pc, ::shrugs:: heard bad things,SR:Returns: felt a lot like the original snes title to me, I felt that was both good and bad, nostalgia is a powerful drug it seems, the premise here was great , they put a lot of work into it you could tell, but it fell short in a lot of places. Every run felt very generic from what I recall, the combat felt really weak,the story was pretty thin to me but now I know why:They were getting their money together for Dragonfall.BOTTOM SECTION                                              BOTTOM SECTIONDragonfall is really what they should have released os SR:Returns,there's more available to make your characters feel different instead of just every character having to be a jack of all trades,I feel like My characters (professional shadowrunners with many successful missions under their belt) hit their marks more often and therefore made me want to throw my computer into the the deepest floor of the deepest trench of the ocean far fewer times than the Shadowrun Returns deadmans switch.But the real seller here is they nailed the story, they made strong characters, they give you decent dialogue options and make the characters again feel different and fit better in the story. The diversity of conversation and action options have been improved and really this game would stand out in contrast of it's earlier counter-part. But beyond any of that the game FEELS like Shadowrun, Dragonfall captures the essence of SR at least to me."
76561198012079727,Recommended,300550,19368818,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Arvisun,"If you're like me and you enjoy a good story, stop reading this and buy this game. If you require a little bit more to go on, I can understand that too:- Has a fantastic universe to discover and experience- Good characters, each with their own coherent backstory which you can help shape or redefine- Great story, takes you places you didn't expect- Actually uses your skill selection for dialogue, if you're a charismatic shaman, you won't have to deal with x situation but will have more of a tough time with y situation.- Different races have different specialities BUT that's not to say you can't play a troll decker or an elven street samurai. The name of the game here is experiment and find out what you like.- Plenty of different endings and choices to be made (real choices not Fable choices)"
76561198016692638,Recommended,300550,17476384,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Osteichthyes,"This game is actually a good introduction into the world of Shadowrunning. Set in the mid 21st centuary, magic has returned to the world in an event called The Awakening. The game itself is set in Germany in the Flux State, an anarchistic area that constantly shifts in power, making it a perfect base of operations for the criminals and vigilanties that call themselves Shadowrunners.This game is mostly story driven and has some great dialogue that should not be skipped. The characters and set pieces are interesting and the character creation allows for different playthoughs. To those not familiar with Shadowrun, there are many ways of dealing with problems. Some require knowing HOW to speak to get your way, decking the matrix (hack the internet basically), or just straight solve your problems with magic and bullets.The character creation is versatile and doesn't pigeon hole you into stereotypical tropes that are often present in most RPGs. Want to make a sniper that doubles as a Rigger (drone user) for even more firepower? Sure. Want to be pure support, get some biotech and a bit of shamanistic magic. My personal favourite though is specing out pistol, slapping more chrome (cybernetic implants) than should be allowed, and then go around like Robocop. There is a lot here and with a powerful editor you can make your own story."
,Recommended,300550,18023775,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Beldera,"If you've enjoyed the game style of XCOM, you will enjoy this gameplay.In contrast to the first Shadowrun, there was a break in the story momentum - at some point you need to take several side missions to earn enough money to continue with the ""main"" story mission. This was not a deal breaker for me - I still finished the game, but it was not as enticing as the original was in that aspect."
76561198086866174,Recommended,300550,18023347,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Crapshoot17,"Just finished. Better than Shadowrun Returns. Better mechanics. More Matrix running. Actually makes you feel like your points in decking aren't a waste. Bugs out sometimes on matrix runs while in combat. Nothing major, it just hangs up for a minute. Great game."
76561197970792099,Recommended,300550,18033872,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Gargan,"Great story, great characters, great game overall.You will like this game if you like any of turn-based tactical combat, rpgs with multiple approaches to solving problems and meaningful choices in the narrative, or the Shadowrun setting."
,Recommended,300550,18039187,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dirty Fool,Great sequel to the first one from this studio.  Much improved UI and writing.  I was engaged in this story in a way I was not with the first one.
76561198067038914,Recommended,300550,18005210,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Darth,"A definite step up from Shadowrun Returns in gameplay, story, and customization. If you liked Shadowrun Returns, you'll love Dragonfall."
,Recommended,300550,18006387,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Robotic Dreamer,Couldn't beat the first encounter
76561198091188247,Recommended,300550,17995133,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,KnightJvor,Although the 3 weapon slot restriction is very harsh considering your equipment can even count as weapons its a wonderful game. The atmosphere is actually really good and the story is favorable.
76561198035729836,Not Recommended,300550,17993102,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,erichleos,Select a decker to hack the terminal and then wtf??
76561198028806921,Recommended,300550,13955833,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,NCRDesertRanger,"A cyberpunk rpg where mega corporations rule the world. Where every 'good' citizen is tagged and  labeled, registered in their databases and unwittingly forced to be in the status quo of ""wage-slave"" like the cattle that they are. A world where in magic and tech blend, tools used by those that run the shadows - katana wielding shamans, dimension bending mages, full auto blasting assault rifles by deckers (hackers) , and what else have you....This story is set in the anarchist state of the city of Berlin, the Flux State. You are a Shadowrunner; having only recently moved to Berlin, you jump at the first opportunity to make your name in this strange place.Eons later -...was amazing, so amazing. I was so enthralled by the story and characters that I couldn't give a care if the combat wasn't the best or not. Now thinking about it the combat isn't the best, and there's a few things I would have changed about it, as well as team customization. But alas, it is still excellent.RAVE***RAVE***RAVE******RAVE SOMEMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Nothing is voiced, so the player will read A LOT. But no matter, the writting is very well done and kept me captivated through out the whole game; with minimal typos I might add! If that does not sound like fun, this is not for you; and you can go suck a lemon. Loser. pfft...MAJOR SPOILER**** This game is awesome. **** END OF MAJOR SPOILER"
76561198024161157,Recommended,300550,17935543,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SamuraiProgrammer,Much better gameplay than the first Shadowrun Returns!Nice Story so far.I recommend!
76561197970421182,Recommended,300550,17932502,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fangsley,"I ignored Dragonfall because of it's underwhelming predecessor Shadowrun Returns, only to pick it up when the director's cut came out and I saw it praised everywhere I went.  Now having played it a lot I can say it's one of the most enjoyable RPGs I've had the pleasure of being surprised by.From the start you ARE a shadowrunner, working a job WITH these characters you wish to get to know. All in a setting that can so completely capture you and never let go.Whether or not it lasts more than one playthrough is difficult to say. There's a lot you can do differently to affect the world storywise while the gameplay might not be ""deep"" and interesting enough for everyone.For me personally this is in the top 5. Highly recommended."
76561197988410749,Recommended,300550,17973723,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Anti-ist,This game is an excellent RPG with that essential iso throwback feel that I crave. Totally worth it. 8/10
,Recommended,300550,18001158,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,GooeyGungan,"An amazing Shadowrun game and an excellent RPG. You owe it to yourself to try this game if you enjoy tactical, turn-based RPGs and/or cyberpunk."
76561198039869678,Recommended,300550,18014353,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JoelWhy,"I really enjoyed Shadowrun Returns, but this sequel is superior in just about every way."
,Recommended,300550,18060908,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,robokev,"Not as strong a plot as the first Shadowrun, and a little bit more tedious in the mid-game, but the end is epic!"
,Recommended,300550,18079767,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Mad Stork,Excellent tactical RPG -- well written and just complicated enough to keep things interesting mechanically. Definitely a buy for a fan of the Shadowrun series.
76561198061022060,Not Recommended,300550,18080601,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,panda magic,"just not my type of story.boring gameplay, decent story but doesnt touch me on anything.and i can't even heal the character."
76561198046918126,Recommended,300550,17452869,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,GhenghisWolf,"Old School game type in a new school interface.  Simple game with simple expectations.  Personally anything cyber-punk carries bias, and if you are in the same club, you won't be disappointed."
76561198026246354,Recommended,300550,17409022,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ren,"What an incredible game.It's too few and far between that I come across a game that really is the full package.Excellent visuals, great writing, compelling story, convincing (non-typical) characters, awesome gameplay and strategy elements, and topped off with a few different ways to finish the story.I can't recommend it enough.  If you like Strategy RPGs, you're REALLY in for a treat."
,Recommended,300550,14612612,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ButterPecanTam,A must have if you like turn based/strategic game play.
76561197977046086,Recommended,300550,14605629,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pyri,"Let me get one thing clear first apart from some interface issues i loved Shadowrun Returns. Imagine my surprise when Dragonfall turned out to be not only longer, but also removed the linearity, polished up interface and made the game pretty much better in every way. The are two issues i have with Dragonfall compared to original and that inordinate amount of crashing on linux, and some bugs, like cyberware installation and Simmy's dialog looping to the original greeting just before the last run.However Shafowrun Dragonfall is still the best rpg i have played in a long while and is one of the rpg greats rubbing its shoulders with such giants as Fallout, Baldurs Gate, and Planescape."
76561197965279936,Recommended,300550,14606386,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Blueflame451,Every iteration of HBS' Shadowrun becomes better and better and Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut is absolutely excellent!. For $15 this game is a steal! Story is suburb and game play is turnbased RPG goodness! 10/10
,Recommended,300550,14606445,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bone,"storywise: 9/10graphics/gameplay: 6/10want a cyberpunk rpg where tecnology meets magic?story driven, BOTH sr returns and sr dragonfall are top notch, if you are in for the experience of digesting all the dialogs, backstories and details, the game is worth every penny.the game also has a big focus (bigger than deus ex hr i.e.) on multiple solutions to the chalenges you face during the game, if your playstyle is to consider other options before ""blast through the front door"" you will apreciate the effort the devs put on a lot of situationsbut overall the ""production value"" is pretty low, you can see on many situations the budget was tight and many characters dont have a customized portrait or they dont look very distinct at all, its not as bad as a ""80's text adventure"" but surelly this aint a AAA game in the budget department."
76561198027813434,Recommended,300550,14492495,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ksiturbo,"One of the best games I have played in a very long time.  It is exactly what used to make games so great many years ago.  I hate reading, yet much of the game involves reading until your eyes cross.  The story is amazing.  The turned-based stratigic style play is good.  I did keep having problems with the icons not being where they are supposed to be sometimes, but I could easily overlook it.  Wonderful game that was obviously made by skilled gamers that are actually into games rather than pumping out the next sequal to a dying legacy.   Very well done guys."
,Recommended,300550,14521687,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NOMiTRON,"Shadowrun Returns was good. Dragonfall is great! The combat gameplay/mechanics are somewhat simple, but provide nice little action breaks in the excellent story. I would hesitate to call this a strategy game, nor a full rpg. I prefer to think of it as a richly engaging, choose-your-own-adventure novel, with some turn-based action thrown in. If you DON'T like to read, don't get this game. If you DO like to read, then you should be clicking ""buy now"" before you finish this sentence. Excellent dialogue and character development over the course of the story. I would love to see a re-master of these games with full voiceovers, and animated character portraits.Rating: 5 out of 6 essence!"
76561197995277840,Recommended,300550,14523501,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Winkbud,Good story with interesting characters and setting.  Gameplay was fun but not at all challenging on normal level.
76561198003856498,Recommended,300550,14550257,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zua,They developed RPG perfection. Few games are more worthy of our money.
,Recommended,300550,14578719,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jack,Awesome game and brilliant story. I have played around 250h with SR: DMS and DF on PC and iPad. SR: DF DC is the salt in the soup that gives an awesome game that extra bit spice to make it one of my alltime favorites
76561198014419501,Recommended,300550,14570811,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,chaoward,"I had already beaten and loved the first one so when this came out it was a no-brainer.I finally, after much procrastinating, beat it and must say this game, hands down, is one of the best RPG storylines I've experienced yet. Having played tabletop Shadowrun and being an avid RPG gamer this entire franchise is just getting better with each new addition."
,Recommended,300550,14570827,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sang-Fantôme,"Atmospheric, challenging, with one hell of a story not many games nowadays are capable of putting together. Overall a more than worthy successor of the original game. 8/10."
,Recommended,300550,14525895,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,pooor.yorick,"A great addition to the original and further expands on the amazing game play and story of the first (Shadowrun Returns).A fantastically enjoyable isometric TRPG in the well known and loved Shadowrun setting. The game features well made turn based team combat and an enjoyable pulp sci-fi story featuring an array of intriguing and shady underworld characters in dystopian futuristic Berlin.Graphics are relatively simple by modern standards, but are well designed and pleasing to look at. Music and sound effects are well done, with a synth heavy futuristic soundtrack that really fits the setting and solid, if unspectacular sound effects; there is no spoken dialogue however, with the story entirely conveyed through text.Overall, Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a highly enjoyable experience, delivering a better game than many recent AAA releases, despite coming from a small independent developer. If you like cyberpunk games, isometric TRPGs, or both, play it (9/10).P.S. Fans of the first game will love this and all the new additions - including normal save system :))"
76561198013865847,Recommended,300550,14673661,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,diminux,"Really liked this game. I'm a pen&paper RPG player, I follow Shadowrun since the 2nd édition and this vidéo game really suit original RPG atmoshpere ! There's some nice community content too ... If you may like a dark magical-cyberpunk world, go for this one, blindfolded !"
76561197971721935,Recommended,300550,14674060,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Strike Team Jesus!,Love Shadowrun universe wish there were more awesome games like this for it.  Hey look another kickstarter?  Hello Hong Kong!
76561198030944489,Recommended,300550,14458989,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,shdwgi,"i would like to say i am very glad this game came back to life. I think the turn based approach was defiantly the way to go. The xcom style combat i love but i am old school. I have played Shadowrun since before there were video games really. i know that dates me pretty good. i fell in love with it back then and have a couple tattoos that honor it. ok with all that being said here is my take on the game.The game play seems pretty straight forward. the turn based combat does add more to the strategy then just march in and  shoot it up. you have to think more on your chacter placement, utilize cover, maintain line of sight and be aware of how many moves each character gets (AP). flanking gives you extra damage. The story drives the game and your decisions matter in the game which i always like. It gives you some realism, your decisions have some consquences as does who you take on runs with you.all in all i think it is a pretty solid game.now here is my dream,lol. i know i am bias but i think the Shadowrun series is the perfect game to make into a MMO. It has tons of history that could be written in as far as weapons, Mods, cyberware, magic, classes. the game could practically write itself, i think it would blow away WOW (world of warcraft) and the like. Chacters would invidualize themselves just by cyberware and or lack there of especially with the esencse loss so it limits itself. all you would need is a good set of writers so the runs and game wouldn't drag. I hope someone from the developement team reads this and gets an idea or hell get a hold of me and i could give you a million. well good luck chums, see ya in the shadows.shdwgi"
,Recommended,300550,14465334,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,0rzene,"Taking the formula of Shadowrun Returns and beefing it up in nearly every area, Dragonfall, as a standalone, is a great experience for anyone who loves cyberpunk. Your humble beginnings peg you as part of a team led by an old acquaintence, infiltrating a mansion, and subsequently being ambushed by overwhelming odds, and your team leader getting horrifically fired by an overzealous IC. You're lead on a long road through night clubs, science labs, and slums, to try and figure out what happened, and what needs to be done to stop things from getting worse. Many decisions will leave you considering your own moral choices, and you'll meet many an interesting character along the way. Your team develops with you this time, as each one has their own unique set of upgrades to unlock. The gameplay is just as diverse as you remember, with newly added augments, weapons, and skills to make your character the most cunning of Shadowrunners."
,Recommended,300550,14495094,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mr. Pinkle-Turd,"First game in this franchise I've played, and I'm quite impressed. Happily donated to the kickstarter for Hong Kong. If you're a fan of tactical rpgs then I'd highly recommend it."
76561198126419631,Recommended,300550,15926377,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,axewielder,"Shadowrun allows for a wide variety of character customization and playstyle.Conversations and choices with permanent effects all add to the fantastic RPG experience this game offers.Turn based gameplay that is solid and varied makes for a mix of Old-School joy that makes this game a MUST buy.Add to the perfect recipe a whole bunch of downloadable content and Steam Workshop content,and the final result is a glorious,time consuming,replayable game of legend.Enjoy ;)"
76561198163148477,Recommended,300550,15995328,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"I got this game and The Witcher 3 at the same time. Now dont get me wrong, I love The WItcher 3, but I cant stop playing this game. Its so immersive. I am absolutely sucked into this world.I prefer it to Wasteland 2. Its far more focused. You spend so much time inventory managing in Wasteland. Not in this game. Its all play and fun and less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Great stuff."
,Recommended,300550,16000896,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Brockpoltergeist,9.5/10 great story line good character customization and a built-in story creator if you have a chance to buy this game do so.P.S. you don't need to play the first to understand this one
76561198028183842,Recommended,300550,17843524,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,cidian,"Don't get into this unless you enjoy READING, because that's what you will spend most of your time doing. Fortunately I do enjoy reading a good story, so this has turned out to be one of the best games I have played in recent times. The retro futuristic atmosphere is unmatched and the combat system is fun, but the story is where it's at for me."
,Recommended,300550,17839514,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,sasuke619675,"Loved it, at one point I was not sure if I would play this game... too many others on backlog, not enough time in a day... I am glad that I put off my social life to enjoy this great story. Highly recommended."
76561198073010925,Recommended,300550,17819854,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,frankenfurter3,Great replay
76561197962648770,Recommended,300550,17856075,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Unhandled,"Don't get me wrong, the Wasteland and Xcom reboots were good, but this game is the only tactical RPG to come close to Fallout 2. Everything about it from the gameplay to the story were top notch. It has improved drastically from Dead Man's Switch, and since I'm writing this after the Hong Kong game, I can say I still consider this the masterpiece. The one improvement made in Hong Kong was to cyberspace, but the game as a whole hasn't beaten the story of Dragonfall. If you are new the genre, or are new to Shadowrun, feel free to start here. You won't miss anything from Dead Man's Switch and you'll definitely enjoy this one."
76561198056352614,Recommended,300550,17894722,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jay Summers,"They have stuck to their guns. I like how this series doesn't fix anything that isn't broken. This game just continues on with another story, but only adds great new graphics and weapons, yet it sticks to the original archetecture.I would definitely recommend this game, but only if you are a fan of the series. Shadowrun first was released on the NES, and it was a big hit. I am glad to see these guys are still doing business, they are honest, and they aren't out for your wallet."
76561198007349170,Recommended,300550,17236549,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,grungebuster,"One of the best in terms of storytelling, characters and gameworld I have ever played. Was not a Shadowrun fan before, but definitely I am now!"
76561198042664827,Recommended,300550,17239554,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Alex,Similar to Shadowrun Returns. Just as great. Maybe better.
76561198098286120,Recommended,300550,17244470,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,scottdottcomm,"Great followup to Returns.  With tougher challenges, more choices, more important skills and etiquette; this is worth the price."
76561198069066304,Recommended,300550,17530585,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,jakedraugelis,"In under three minutes I went from ""Hey now; here's a fun lookin' little game."" to ""Everyone pick a target! Glory get your butt away from that Ork NOW or so help me I'll dust you both with the same grenade!""So, yes. Strongly reccomend."
76561198062701626,Recommended,300550,17531973,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,leanne,Another fantastic game.  Looking forward to the next one.
76561197972506854,Recommended,300550,17567265,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kenark,"As a fan of the tabletop version, it is that made into a video game for me and it does it extremely well. Like any tabletop game, combat can take a long time and be a little clunky but rich atmosphere and a great story are what this game does best. I'd recommend this game to anyone a fan of tabletop games, RPGs, Cyberpunk, or turn based strategy games."
76561198006773248,Recommended,300550,17567872,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mindseye,"Having been a Shadowrun fan since the pencil and paper days, and having spent hundreds of hours on the original Super Nintendo version of Shadowrun, Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall have been an absolute blast to play. I'm looking forward to seeing what they do with Hong Kong."
76561197993389388,Recommended,300550,17550443,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Harkon,"Great tatical turn based game, cant wait for the the Hong Kong edition!"
76561197992687819,Recommended,300550,17792071,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Verfolgen,Super. The first was good. This was better.
,Recommended,300550,17773888,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Padishah Emperor Borris,Great cyberpunk rpg. Well worth picking up especially if you enjoyed the first.Really loving this series and cant wait to play third
76561198053980179,Recommended,300550,17768065,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Conquest.Θ,"Just finished the game and..... WOWThis an ABSOLUTE GEM of a game.The Story had me hooked the entire time and the twist at the end was brilliant.Gameplay is pretty good, you can play as a gun toting ninja, a mage, a hacker (cooler than it sounds) , a monk??? and a drone person. I played as the gun toting ninja and had a blast with the combat. The game has some parts that resemble puzzle games and secrets everywhere that can earn you a bigger paycheck. The game however is kinda short but there are many other campaigns you can download off the market which are interesting as well.The setting is absolutely ingenious: GUNS, TECH and MAGIC? Great combination together which brings us to the combat in this game. It is an rpg but when you go into combat it becomes turn based, you would think that the combat would eventually get tedious but most fights throw at you different types of enemies that can wreck you if you dont deal with them the right way. You know all the classes i mentioned earlier? Each of those is a type of enemy as well, so the different combinations of enemies + timed objectives makes the combat really good.Overall rating?5/10 IGN (Devs didn't pay them)But seriously this game deserves a solid 8.9/10"
,Recommended,300550,17798977,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,veri,"This game was a big surprise.  It's a tactical SRPG set in the Shadowrun Universe, and I think it counts as the first REALLY GOOD Shadowrun game.Pros:1.  Very interesting combat system.  There are lots of different skill trees to play, and the mashup between having deckers (hackers), summoners, magicians, sword samurai/etc makes the combat pretty chaotic and super interesting.2.  Strong writing - lots of choices to make.3.  On rails enough so you don't get lost, but lots to explore.Cons:1. Somewhat buggy combat in the matrix.This is a classic though, definitely pick it up."
76561197966198136,Recommended,300550,16445428,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Foolwolf,"Smoother and better than the previous game, still the same setting, the likable story. The easy flow and the nice way to treat the specific setting. New smoother game interface and some more items and fleshed out characters make this an even better way to spend some hours.The only negative I have really is that the game is rather short and replayability with the main story isn't that great. The challenges can be overcome differently with differently selected hero and load with different setup of characters but not opt in the few fleshed out characters seems an obviuos waste.Warmly recommend this game to Shadowrun fans and CRPG fans of tactical slower paced game where story and feeling matters more than flash of substance and suchg things. This is scaled down and no in game dialouge etc. You spend time reading. :)"
76561198020438753,Recommended,300550,16449117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pass_the _M,"Huge improvement over Shadowrun: Returns. Love this game great story, great characters and good combat. Been a fan since the Genesis and SNES games. Definatly ready for Shadowrun: HongHong."
,Recommended,300550,16650226,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Eios,"From start to finish I was hooked, if you liked SR: Returns even a little bit you're bound to like this game as well.  Note the DC version doesn't work with the SR: Unlimited workshop story at the time of this post."
76561197996491408,Recommended,300550,17887044,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Larke,"The Shadowrun universe at first seems - well - campy. Technology and magic run amok in its world, one filled with orcs and elves as well as cyberarms and the Matrix. But this game takes that wild chaotic concept and polishes it into one of the finest cRPGs ever made. The plotline is compelling, the party members fascinating, the gameplay incredibly fun, and the design asthetic absolutely gorgeous.If you're looking for an RPG to immerse yourself in, look no further."
76561197970807244,Recommended,300550,17901356,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jables,"If you like Jagged Alliance, Baldurs Gate or XCOM, then you will love the freak out of this game!  It is more enjoyable to me than any of those games and I LUUUUV me some XCOM!"
,Recommended,300550,16556233,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,petey_rock,Top notch!
,Recommended,300550,16508430,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nightshape,If you're into early 2000's CRPG's this should be right up your street.Well I had fun with it so... Deal with it.
76561198039949273,Recommended,300550,16512708,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DocZilla,"A wonderful return to the cyberpunk dystopia that's stolen our hearts. With an epic tale that keeps you guessing, the game certainly keeps you on your feet. If you're a fan, you'll find yourself unable to wipe that grin off of your face as you work through Berlin, keeping it from falling to pieces. A must for Shadowrun lovers and anyone else who's thinking of stepping foot into the Flux State."
,Recommended,300550,16513789,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,M.a.c.h.1,"Great Game. A must buy if on sale for sure.  During summer sale its dumb not to get it at this price. Made me want to get back into the lore of Shadowrun.  Much like Xcom.  Story had a few interesting endings (all text based mind you, stories) But the choices they make you go through really challenges your mind as to how you want to play your character because they have some pretty dynamic results so you're really always second guessing yourself (in a good way)  Like damm, I should of said something else , I feel like a Jerk etc.  But the well writen endings are top notch too.  Gut checking sick sometimes."
76561198119581124,Recommended,300550,16514405,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cheez-It,Fantastic game. Pulls you into the world and story.
,Recommended,300550,16517432,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,piconeeks,"Extremely gorgeous game; the isometric view left a lot of flexibility for the artists to create truly interesting backgrounds.The story is great, with some interesting moral choices to be found not only in the main storyline but also in the optional objectives.The writing and exposition could use some work, but given the sheer volume of it I am more than happy to dismiss that.The combat is very fun and harsh should you make a mistake, but there is an excellent 'rewind' save system so you never lose too much progress. Each class has a plethora of unique abilities and each encounter is very satisfying.Some dialogue trees feel empty and limited, and occasionally you are forced to make arbitrary decisions or are given choices with regards to certain situations that you are never given again, even in the same situations; for example, I was occasionally given the option to 'look from the astral plane' down onto a keypad to see which keys are contained in a passcode, but sometimes I was not. When and where I could use this ability on a keypad was completely arbitrary. Similar situations to this one are frequent in dialogue and decision trees.The game has some UI issues resulting from being designed to be played on a tablet, such as occasionally moving your units to an incorrect spot and wasting an action point.Other than those points, I highly recommend this game."
76561198178144470,Recommended,300550,16517761,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,cbcook9789,"This is a really great turn-based strategy game. The tactical strategy by the player has to be thought out to some degree, such as hiding behind walls, crates, etc to avoid enemy fire. The leveling system is fun, giving some pretty good advances to the character, like new special attacks, or, my favorite, drone upgrades. The storyline is actually very good, however there is a lot of reading involved if you want to really digest the complexity of the story. But the dialogue is good and the characters are a lot more personal in this sequel than they were in the first game. The battles can be a bit more tedious, especially one in near the end, where the battle lasted about 20-30 minutes and there was no way of ending it sooner. There also is not a lot of exploration or loot involved for those who like to go digging and finding items, treasures, etc. But one of the positives that makes up for it is that you can choose quest endings, or even betray a whole team you agreed to help to kill them, take their money, and still finish the quest. These options that the player can choose really add to the immersion of the game as you can make decisions that hurt the team or make them happy.Overall I would give this game a 7/10. Definitely recommend purchasing it, especially when on sale!"
76561197970677721,Recommended,300550,16604744,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HPGR_Thrawn,"Cutting to the chase-- this is an excellent turn based game.  The world is interesting, characters interesting, and if take the time and effort to dig around and explore locations and characters, there's lots of neat stuff to find.  I was thoroughly impressed with everything.Only thing that may have made it better was a sort of codex to give more background on the world."
76561198154605312,Recommended,300550,16405416,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,this game is pretty awesome and ive only been playing it for an hour meow.
76561198023194358,Recommended,300550,16498432,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GEM,"Fabulous game again from Harebrained Schemes. These guys know their job, and they do it passionately.In this game, you had a job. It went wrong. You try and survive. What can I say, it's Shadowrun at its best. You're a tool, and the best you can achieve is being a willing tool, which you'll be aware of through a multitude of details and ingame elements dispersed by the developers.Amazing."
,Recommended,300550,13956761,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,contempt,"Fantastic gameplay, energetic and intense graphics and combat! Ideal for anyone who's into cyberpunk, played pencil and paper/SNES Shadowrun, or just fans of William Gibson and Blade Runner.9/10"
76561198073183267,Recommended,300550,14071572,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Malbric Zancher,"Overall I'm impressed - it's the only game on Steam that I've actually WANTED to get all the achievements, also they aren't THAT hard to get as some in other games which was also a factor.If you like RPG, turn-based combat and steampunkish style - be sure to check this out.Good story (interesting + well told)Turn based combat system feels pretty fine after you get to know the rules a bit betterFreedom to experiment with characters (even though the ""jack of all trades"" is a trap)Good dialoguesAwesome ""teammate"" side quests if you put some work to ""better know"" your team :)Flexible enough to let you actually play the way you want to - choices: whole lot of thoseClocked 49 hours for all achievements and sub-quests and multiple endings (with save scam though)."
,Recommended,300550,14070745,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,HotSoupEsq,"A wonderful and immersive tactical RPG.  I'm a newbie to the Shadowrun universe but that didn't stop me from really enjoying the game.  I'd suggest that if you have any experience with this type of game, go ahead and set it on hard for a decent challenge.  Huge bang for the buck, I'll be keeping an eye on this studio, hope they can continue to produce at this level.  I'll play it again in a few months when the itch comes back."
,Recommended,300550,14071021,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Neoken,"Simply wonderful.It's been a long while since I've played a game that had a storyline this good. Here, it is all about the writing. The dialog is fantastic. There's ton of magical lore about the Dragonfall world. The characters in your team all have interesting backstories you can explore. There's heaps of decisions you get to make, which might or might not have an impact further down the line. And the main storyline is truly engaging and well thought out. What a great ending too (there's more than one actually).If you're not a fan of reading a lot of text in games, this game might not satisfy you, though it's combat and other game mechanics are still very good. If you like a nice story though, you HAVE to give it a try."
76561198079058194,Recommended,300550,14139860,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Faithful Steed,"The game reminds me of Neverwinter Knights, with xcom combat, and with a HEAVY focus on dialog"
76561197970639932,Recommended,300550,14140802,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Stoop,"This game is quite good. Not perfect, but even having just finished the game, I am already second guessing decisions much, much earlier in my playthrough and wondering how things would have gone at the end if I had chosen differently.The tactical turn based combat is well done. I really like how they implemented decking as well; it's basically a second parallel cyberworld going at the same time as the ""real"" world, but at 2-3x the speed; so, when a character is decking, they get a few turns in the system for each turn of tactical shooting in real time. It's a nice way to implement that idea.Looking forward to Hong Kong now."
,Recommended,300550,14129017,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ogtrunx,"Shadow returns was an great story wrapped around an admittedly flawed but fun game.Dragonfall improved many of the more glaring issues such as saving progress anywhere.But with the Directors cut  I feel more like a runner with a group than a solo runner hiringrandom deckheds and fodder for my amusement.The story and atmosphere is superb and the newly implemented customization of yourteamates allows them to fit YOUR playstyle. Give it a whirl especially withShadowrun:Hong Kong being released later this year, See you in the shadows chummer."
76561197980241933,Recommended,300550,14130427,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mike H,"Very nice graphics. Great gameplay with an awesome storyline. If you enjoy squad-based RPG with a nice dash of cyber-tech, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,300550,16233562,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Touch me,"I avoided turn-based games like the plague for some unknown reason. Thankfully, SR:DF was on sale and it was the perfect game to introduce me to the genre and now I want to play more turn-based games. If you're new to the genre, you should definitely give this game a shot."
76561197960829076,Recommended,300550,15842477,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,SK1LLED,Awesome ambiente with interesting storyboard. Also the gameplay is very thoughtful.
,Recommended,300550,16154732,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Zenith,"This game is definitely in my top 10 games of all time. It's a perfect mix of everything that makes a great game: excellent gameplay, fantastic visuals, a captivating narrative, and a rich game world. All of these elements blended together make for an extremely enjoyable and satisfying playthrough.The gameplay boils down to leading a group of four characters, of which you can customize to some extent - and yes, your main character has a lot of customisability options, from hairstyle to race and then your skill class - through levels based around the story. I played as an elf decker, allowing me to jack in to the matrix and hack open doors, take control of turrets, and gain visibility of rooms close by through security cameras. Apart from deckers, there are a bunch of different classes to choose from, such as the street samurais, riggers, and mages. There are also plenty of weapons to choose from - pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles, assault rifles, grenades, throwing weapons, spells, summoned spirits, and even drones!Now to touch on the combat. In a nut-shell, it's XCOM. But further to that, once you're in a mission (that you accept for your team to complete, often assigned by some elitest wanting you to do his dirty work for him in return for a sum of money) you are able to walk around the levels picking up items, looking for clues and advantages, and talking to people. Engage in combat, however, and you see XCOM-styled tactical turn-based strategy take place on your screen. I had no complaints about the combat! In addition to this, your character can gain karma based off of certain actions that you perform, whether it be helping someone out or completing a mission. You then spend your karma points on certain skills, much like most RPGs.Overall, I only encountered a few minor bugs that hindered my progress, but they were nothing game-breaking. It's possibly not the type of game that you would want to playthrough again, but given the variety in races, classes, and choices to be made throughout the story, you may find yourself wanting to return to the shadows to run for one last time.This game is a must-have for turn-based strategy fans and RPG fans alike. I highly recommend buying this and playing it through! Enjoy! :D"
76561198171698223,Recommended,300550,16274754,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ndd,"This game is outstanding.  It has a number of interesting and engaging storylines.  The dialogue is intelligent, and there are a lot of meaningful choices you'll be faced with.  On top of that, the tactical combat is excellent.  They did a great job of implementing a wide variety of different character styles that gives the player a lot of flexibility in crafting an effective team.  Overall this is one of the best games I've played in a long, long time."
76561197967358516,Recommended,300550,16822926,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,chille_dawg,I would definitely recommend shadowrun: dragon fall. It has a great atmosphere and is very well written. The dialogue and story are very well put together. Combat can be difficult at times if you don't think things through properly however some aspects are still a little over or under powered so you do need to think about what you do. But I would definitely give this a go if you are a fan of turn based strategy games
76561198007659786,Recommended,300550,16489625,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Killuminati,Fun turn based game with a well fleshed out world you find yourself immersed in before you know it.  I especially appreciated the numerous ways you could get things accomplished leaving you feeling like you'd played the mission the way you'd wanted as opposed to what they had scripted for you.
,Recommended,300550,16533188,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ｃｒｏｃｏｄｉｌｅ,"What are you waiting for?You saw the rating, awards AND sale price on the way down here!Get this awesome game already, before it's too late and the sale ends!Also, hail King Philip."
,Recommended,300550,13663475,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HinHinFromTheThin,30 hours worth of amazing RPG gameplay - Dragonfall is close to being the best RPG lauched this year!
76561198119181335,Recommended,300550,16450602,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,lukas.tencer,I Like it.
,Recommended,300550,16451719,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Aetherlift,good
,Recommended,300550,15253698,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SalamanderJames,"After tons of boring (action) RPGs, this turnbased strategic RPG is real fun. Great Story nice sidemissions. But most of all i really love that it makes a difference who you'll assemble to your Team. Your descicions feel important again, unlike most other recent PRGs.I love this one!"
,Recommended,300550,15172061,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Samurai-Sloth,"Though I enjoyed the original Shadowrun Returns, it pales in comparison to Dragonfall. The setting, an anarchist city state in Berlin, is quite interesting. Having a consistant & interesting cast of characters that accompany you on missions with their own personalities & playstyles is an enourmous improvement over the previous game's hiring random runners. There's a lot of content here in addition to the main story missions and the game will take you all over the place for a variety of fun missions. One of my top rpgs, highly recommended."
76561197991084962,Recommended,300550,16432394,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Gunslinger,Great Game !!!
76561198034210176,Recommended,300550,16398866,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DK,"Created a black-asian decker named Hiro Protaganist who was the ""Greatest swordfighter in the world"".9/10 - Would Snow Crash again."
76561197984835522,Recommended,300550,16433522,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ragmority,"One of the best story-driven games i've ever played. 10/10, can't wait for the sequel."
76561198033164319,Recommended,300550,16434702,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cormandy,"Spoilers in my short-but-sweet review!Now I know why I got thehellhound and AI drone as available party members.It's becauseI sided with the crazy doctor at the end, and had to kill Eiger, Glory, and Dietrich in a glorious 3v1reminiscent of the Wrestlemanias from the '90s.Do every side mission and then try what I did, and it's just like the end of The Departed."
76561198006546984,Recommended,300550,16107083,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Malice,"""The best game I played in 2014"", ""Best RPG of 2014, hands down."", etc.I don't feel as this were true, but nevertheless it's a hell of a game.If you want to know what's happening with plot or world setup, read other reviews. I can only say, that I am happy with this game. took me 25 hours to finish, plot is really really good, and after ending I've had second thoughts and felt regret. Game does good game at letting you sink into the world. It deserves to be called RPG.I'm not sure if that's worth 15Euro, but I bought it with discount - and I don't regret it at all.Buy it if you like RPGs. This one is really good."
76561198169900437,Recommended,300550,16107726,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Botffy,"As others pointed out, this is a vast improvement over the original Shadowrun Returns. That one played much like an endless tutorial, but Dragonfall at least offers the illusion of nonlinearity, the illusion of a vast open world  -- even though the story is pretty linear, and the world is in fact pretty cramped. But, the illusion works.It's not a faultless game by any means: I found the combat rather simplistic (and the AI often broke my suspension of disbelief), the matrix sequences are uninteresting, and I missed a more complex cyberware system as well. The choices were often lacking in depth, and rarely seemed to affect anything. But then again, the illusion often works, and the decent writing and the moral complexities it sometimes offered helped through the cracks."
76561198058809105,Recommended,300550,16108326,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,self451,I'm just starting out with this game and so far it's hasn't let me down.
,Recommended,300550,16205886,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ThanatoS,"Like the Shadorun Returns a very interesting story, only difference a better designed HUD. If you are into this kind of round based RPG games then it is for you, but don't expect superb graphics and sound effects.Graphics & Sound 6/10Gameplay 8/10Story 10/10"
,Recommended,300550,16187353,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WardOfLucifer,"Vastly improves upon the formula given to us by Shadowrun Returns. The UI is better, the story is awesome, and IT GETS RID OF THE ""WEAK SHOT"" BS."
76561197971086915,Recommended,300550,16162150,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Krpes_se,"I picked this game up on a sale, and I have to say it was worth the money. One protip is that R reloads gun, in first fights I run out of bullets and  ended up whacking enemies (until I Googled it) - also remember jack of trades is master of none (and create your own character).A few of the sidemissions we're quite hard, otherwise I played it through on Normal without too many re-tries. There is quite much dialogs to read, presented in a bit of ""system shockish"" manner with text boxes and options, but the story is good."
,Recommended,300550,16162389,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cosairen,game is fun and well written if you liked the combat in xcom enemy unkown and you like cyberpunk you should by all means play it.
,Recommended,300550,16178730,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shiroro,"Turn-based strategy game with fantasy elements melded into a modern day world.  It had a good storyline with plenty of background lore with plenty of meaningful choices in the game, all that end with the death of someone, somewhere, somehow.  The biggest problem with the game is that sometimes it decides my computer isn't worthy of playing the game and will decide to crash.Good story, XCOM combat system, great lore, and meaningful dialougue choices.  Game doesn't run the smoothest and can crash, which isn't bad at all."
,Recommended,300550,16352811,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Slotin's Screwdriver,"A real gem that improves upon its predecessor in every way.Semi open-world, giving you the choice of which missions to run and when, more than a decent writing, and nice NPC progression mechanics."
,Recommended,300550,16037425,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Captain Taylor the Sandy Sailor,"Cyber-punk DnD, but seriously great game, lots of fun and options. Definintely going to buy the other Shadowrun games."
,Recommended,300550,16041222,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,theailer,A must buy if you dig the shadowrun universe and turn based combat.Some of the environmental animations could have been better but overall im very pleased with the game.It get's to the point of choosing wether to sleep or continue to play juuuuust another mission ;)
76561198082935611,Recommended,300550,16027094,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,zombogeekz,"Dragonfall is a considerable improvement over the previous installment of the Shadowrun franchise.I got 37 hours of play out of the original game, however I didn't complete two whole quest trees. There should be many more hours worth of play there.It's really hard to play as an ethical character.Combat is better than the last game. It's much more challenging.Buy this game. If I had to buy this game all over again I might even pay full price.9.5/10"
,Recommended,300550,26226473,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,raven666wings,"Man Meets Magic & MachineIn 2012, magic returned to our world, awakening powerful creatures of myth and legend. Among them was the Great Dragon Feuerschwinge, who emerged without warning from the mountains of Germany, unleashing fire, death, and untold destruction across the countryside. It took German forces nearly four months to finally shoot her down - and when they did, their victory became known as The Dragonfall.It’s 42 years later - 2054 - and the world has changed. Unchecked advances in technology have blurred the line between man and machine. Elves and trolls walk among us, ruthless corporations bleed the world dry, and Feuerschwinge’s reign of terror is just a distant memory. Germany is splintered - a stable anarchy known as the “Flux State” controls the city of Berlin. It’s a place where power is ephemeral, almost anything goes, and the right connections can be the difference between success and starvation. For you and your team of battle-scarred shadowrunners, there’s no better place to earn a quick payday.Now, a new threat is rising, one that could mean untold chaos and devastation. One that soon has you and your team caught on the wrong side of a deadly conspiracy. The only clue: whispers of the Dragonfall. Rumors that the Great Dragon Feuerschwinge may still be alive, waiting for the right moment to return…Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a cyberpunk turn-based tactical RPG developed by Harebrained Schemes and set in the Shadowrun universe. It was originally released as DLC for Shadowrun Returns in 2014, and has been enhanced and expanded into a separate release (the Director's Cut). This version comes with improvements made to the original combat engine and interface, as well as the addition of several bonus missions and new music tracks.Dragonfall takes place in magical cyberpunk Berlin, home of countless free-states, gangs, and corporate interests. In the main campaign you'll assume the role of a Shadowrunner who has recently arrived to join old partner Monika Schäfer, Dietrich - a former punk rocker turned shaman, Glory - a distant woman who has become heavily augmented with cybernetics and Eiger - a troll weapons expert and former member of German KSK.The inital run is a rabbit hole into something far more complex. In this case, a simple raid to a data vault explodes into a conspiracy full of mistery, scientific hubris and the worst kind of cyber-stalker. On a more personal level Dragonfall revolves around the Kreuzbasar, an autonomous neighborhood in the midst of Berlin's urban chaos. The Kreuzbasar is more than a hideout and a resting place for the crew of shadowrunners. It's a community to build, to protect, to exploit. Visiting its inhabitants and getting involved in its dramas are welcome contrasts to excursions to the outside world. The residents of the Kreuz are a resilient group. Checking in on their lives deepens the world, develops a strong sense of place, and provides many side quests.Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut burst from Shadowrun Returns like a blood-titanium phoenix. It's hard-wired with enough features to run like a top-of-the-line pleasure rig, a great game packed with atmosphere, heists, and intrigue. Dragonfall is worth any RPG fan's time and money unless they don't like cyberpunk, dragons, or quality tactical combat."
,Recommended,300550,26331260,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,snauxclone,"Love it -- HBS, please put out another Shadowrun game! :D"
,Recommended,300550,26231397,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kindred374,"Still goning strong and getting better, great stoy telling and charater advancement. I love when you fall into a avatar."
76561198062657315,Recommended,300550,26166774,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,pladeira,"Excellent game, a lot of different endings, an awesome history, even better than the first. Loved it."
76561198116957017,Recommended,300550,25987506,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,mstahl117,Just amazing.  Fun game play and clasic shadow run feel.  The Isometric graphics are very reminsent of the baldur's gate series with just a touch of the SNES shadow run game.  The turn base stratagey can be unforgiving but the learning curve isn't to hard and it left me feeling encourged to try again with a new stratagey each time I failed.  I also has an amazing story that makes you care about even tertiary npcs.
,Recommended,300550,27161072,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyoki,"Great story and solid turn based play, would play multiple times to try out builds and alternate story lines."
76561198078420260,Recommended,300550,27193180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jaknecky,"Awesome game.The characters are really well written; drawing you into their own subplots, which rewards you with some really engaging side missions.The main storyline is really intense and makes the most of the world and its unique atmosphere.Visually the game is really nice to look at and the soundtrack perfectly sets the tone each step of the way.Gameplay is slick and allows for satisfying multiple playthroughs.Highly recommended."
76561198012920057,Recommended,300550,27066243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkhond,Clearly the best game among the Shadowrun games. Story is amazing and the time invested into making the companions feel like part of your team is great. Loved it. PLAY IT!
76561197973992360,Recommended,300550,27074570,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkDragon01,The best Shadowrun Game besides the the P&P Version
,Recommended,300550,27092298,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sergey Palyanov,Great story with a twist and amazing soundtrack.
76561198023535870,Recommended,300550,18930153,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Arthur,"A wonderfully written adventure in which the abundance of character and style is more than enough to brush aside any minor frustration caused by dubious RNG, stat balancing or lack of control of companion inventories.The main plot is among the ones of the best RPGs, the companions are so masterfully crafted that hiring a mercenary for one mission feels like betraying your brothers in arms, the tactical XCOM combat is both engaging and challenging, and the isometric 2D art of a cyberpunk Berlin is jaw-dropping.Dragonfall is a nod to pen and paper, old-school RPG. Heavily text-based, it will not be for everyone, but it will reward you hundredfold if you pay attention to the NPC dialogues and immerse yourself into the lore. The setting somehow manages to mix fantasy elements with a cyberpunk dystopia background effortlessly.The haunting ""Unexpected Consequences"" ending from the Director's cut is easily one of the most memorable gaming experiences I've had."
,Recommended,300550,27181514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shitty meme,is gud game wud recomd
,Recommended,300550,27141934,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,neophyte,"Great RPG, interesting setting (cyberpunk + fantasy), great characters. Dialogue that actually matters. Super worth"
,Recommended,300550,27220822,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Specaz,good game
76561197996982986,Recommended,300550,27202523,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ecarhil,Great universe and good game
76561198047886247,Recommended,300550,26743974,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,cacaopotiron,"This game is huge.Graphism & animation not exceptional, especially if you compare with x-com or even blackguard. But artistic direction is very good, well as far as you like cyber-punk stuff. To be honest, 1st shadowrun ""revival"" (shadowrun return) was released on tablet, so it can give you an idea of the visual : buttons are huge, game look like it can be played with a touch screen. Fortunately, dev scale them to fit for PC monitor. Dragonfall wasn't released for tablet if i'm not wrong but he kept and revamp the visual menu of the original.Tactical combat aren't the best i've seen but it make the job : they are fun to play and you feel the rise of power of your character. Thing is you can really often skip fight and take a non violent path to success mission. It's not a bad thing but this path is near 50/50 of the game so for me i have to keep in mind that it is not a pure tactical game as ff tactics or x-com cause if not i stay a bit frustrated not having my daily dose of tactical violent fight haha. You can of course play heavy & loud but i feel like it's missing something about this game, so much the dialog are nice to read.Definitly this game is about his story, main and side stories. New here are the companion quest which are all nice to do. They are lot of text to read too, no cutscenes, all are describe writing so if you want to feel the story you have to read. Not a big deal for me, game is in english only and i'm a french native but it don't really bother me much more, so great is the story that i stay focus.Story can be common for who are familiar with cyberpunk and hard teck sci-fi (like W. Gibson or P.K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i'm not so much familiar so i find it really really nice, especially today where most games don't really got great story. Can talk about Sin city 1st part for Shadowrun Return and a mix of The Lawnmower Man or Ghost in the shell for dragonfall. Nothing less."
,Recommended,300550,27347662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,David0909,Best Shadowrun game
76561198035408927,Recommended,300550,27340919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marv,SR: Dragonfall has the best storytelling of the three SR games by Harebrained Schemes. And you get a dog.
,Recommended,300550,27390630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Broham the Barbarian,"A nice addtion to the series, improved UI, great story."
76561198026527152,Recommended,300550,18659980,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[MERC] Atron,Fun times indeed.
76561198115106946,Recommended,300550,18127977,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,don_wash,"Completly addicted! love the genre, Love the game."
76561198079776237,Recommended,300550,18145614,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,brightneon,Awesome game.... 9/10
76561198041544175,Not Recommended,300550,18102475,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Windows 10,this is not dota 2
76561197960403936,Recommended,300550,13924265,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,launcelot,I hopped on for the first time... and it was like 13 hours later... This is worse than crack....
,Recommended,300550,13929724,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Warweedy,For Shadowrun and Classics Fans a must have.
,Recommended,300550,13931615,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Crippletime,"Dragonfall was definitely worth the 5 bucks I paid for it during the Holiday Sale. A good game. 8/10 overall. If you're a fan of games like X-Com and FF Tactics then pick this up. Dragonfall does have its flaws but they aren't bad enough to make the game not worth playing.Now to the complaints: I'm pretty sure the RNG needs to be tweaked. As with any game when the chances to hit are 99% or lower, don't be too surprised when you miss. You wont make every 99% shot, but the amount of 90%-99% shots that I missed was ridiculous and incredibly frustrating. On normal difficulty it isn't bad enough to make you lose a fight over, but on harder difficulties missing 1 or 2 near 100% shots can really make you want to rage quit. There were also times when I would miss multiple coin-flip shots consecutively. Now this will happen with any game that uses an RNG, but if there isn't a flaw with this games RNG then I have extrodinarily bad luck.The pathing of my teammates was a HUGE pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times. Sometimes I would direct my character to move a long distance across the map and run into an enemy on the way there and when combat starts half of my team has to spend 2 rounds catching up because they hadn't even started moving yet. Also, getting my team to position itself properly before opening a door to a room full of enemies was impossible. They move when they want to and stop when they want to and there's nothing you can do about it. Like with the RNG it's not a game ruiner but extremely annoying.At times during combat I would have trouble getting the game to select the enemy or tile that I wanted to move to because too many characters/objects are too close together. This could usually be solved by zooming the camera in but it's still annoying.Sometimes equipment will just disappear. I lost a grenade launcher and the most expensive deck (hacking device) in the game because of bugs. Even though I had the money to replace the deck I couldn't buy a new one because the game wouldn't let me equip it. Luckily it was near the end of the game and it didn't ruin the playthrough but if it had happened halfway through I would have had to start all over.Dragonfall is one of those really fun games with lots of minor flaws that add up to prevent it from getting a perfect score. Still an 8/10 isn't bad. In fact it's a damn good game. A great story with fun choices that effect the outcome, interesting characters with unique personalities and combat that never gets boring. If someone made a list of the Top 10 Indie games on Steam, I'd be surprised if Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall wasn't on the list."
,Recommended,300550,14062622,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[SFW]Skidd Chung,"First of all, the lore is refreshing. The turn based combat is well done. The story well written.It's not AAA title, no audio conversations, 3D visuals etc. So get your reading specs up, because you will need to read a lot.Great experience to be honest, sometimes wish it was even better in terms of visuals but it would take some of its charm away.Workshop campaigns can also be added to prolong this game. This is a fantastic addition.Highly recommended."
76561198010483501,Recommended,300550,13940098,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Commodore Perry,"Holy hell I bought this game on Wednesday and I had dumped 24 hours into it by Friday.The story in this game is dark and gritty and just amazing. Be warned that there is a TON of reading which normally puts me off, but in this game they just do it right. When one of your companions is telling you how she saw her mothers flesh blacken and melt from the fire she conjured to murder her father you just can't help but sink your teeth into it. Overall the game just feels like they hired a few graphic designers to illustrate their amazing story. Speaking of illustrations, most characters (even minor ones) get their own unique character portrait. I found myself reading through page after page of dialogue without ever once feeling the need to skip to the ""who do I need to kill"" part.The combat is completely turn based so if you love XCOM or Wasteland then you'll pick it up pretty quickly. Everything is about cover here. You often have to make the decision whether to put your mage on the ley line and boost their power (which is normally in the open) or to put them behind a box? Do you risk sending forth your melee specialist to hack some baddies up and face the wrath of their shotguns next turn? Make your choice and live with the consequences. I do have a few very minor gripes about combat though: first you can't take cover behind a door frame or corner and shoot around it, instead it counts as blocking terrain that no one can see or shoot through; also some of the spells looks like recolors of other spells which is a bit disappointing. Overall though combat is solid and even punishing on higher difficulties.Dark gritty atmosphere, tactical combat, and a refreshing new character development system give it a 10/10 in my book."
76561198035598339,Recommended,300550,14052487,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,joeytechno,"I know I'm a bit late on this review (Like about a year) but hey watch'a gonna do about it.I'm gonning to to go ahead and tell you my opinion right of the bat. If you like Sci-fi buy his game, if you like fantasy buy this game, if you don't like either BUY THIS GAME.Now on to the real reviewThis game offers what few games have today, a totally unique experince with the gameplay to back it up. The combat, while a it could probably have been fleshed out a bit more, is still very fun to play. I mean common, you can have a mage tossing fireballs one second then an orc unloading an SMG into a robot the next.Then there's the story. There my be a few spoilers ahead, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. You start pulling what you and the shadow running team you're on think will be ""Milk Run"" or an easy job. Then things go crazy as you stumble into a world filled with danger and conspiracy. You will have to fight to keep you and your team alive. With a host of new enviroments and characters in this new addition, the atmosphere alone is worth your money.All in all I would give it a 92/100, see ya latter chummer's"
76561197973249977,Recommended,300550,14053627,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nathaire,An excellent game that's a big improvement over the already-great Shadowrun Returns. Highly recommended for RPG and cyberpunk fans. Easily one of my favorite games of 2014.
,Recommended,300550,14068812,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Drezta,Truely one of the greatest adventure RPGs I've ever had the joy of playing.It's a little heavy on the reading but if you're into story driven RPGs then it's only a good thing because of the quality of the narative.Combat follows the tried and tested turn based action with your character's skills doing all the hard work of putting your plans into action.
,Recommended,300550,14276803,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Yeti ☃,Great game with a good story. Some really gut wrenching dialogue decisions that really make you think before acting. Get it if you like turn-based strategy and science fiction.
76561198015961107,Recommended,300550,14247167,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chapel,"an Improvement on the OG game, i love this game, the setting, and i thank the staff that made this! I WANT MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,300550,14251099,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Shai310,great game and its very story driven so if you hate reading stuff u might not enjoy this one since there is a lot of text.also very intresting combat system
76561198035341730,Recommended,300550,14253682,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,professor_bronze,"I am quite a fan of this one.Much like the first game, you pick your race of Human, Dwarf, Ork, Troll or Elf, all with somewhat differing stat paramenters (male/females have same stats), pick your class, all with their own unique ability sets and stat priorites, and allocate your points how you want. Then, get thrown real quick into a weird but fun sci-fi cyberpunk fantasy mashup.The custimization is real, the amount of optional content and quests you can do are both extensive and rewarding, and there are various perks for being your class/race of choice via extra dialog options and commands and whatnot. You also get some choice about your teamates and how they level up, picking different perks for them as well to suit your playstyle better.Comat is turn based and strategic. Your teammates can hide behind obstacles (""cover"") to boost their defense against enemy attack, but enemies can do the same. Each class will help out in different ways: A street Samurai will weild their weapon of choice with finesse, a Rigger will send in their mechical robot for extra fire, a Mage will buff allies and throw magic, ect. Most characters can dabble in at least a few different cateogories so they won't be a one trick pony in combat, but becoming highly proficent at anything will take a lot of points and unlock a lot of perks (including the ability to wear the best gear and weapons for said category), so make sure you decide what you wanna do best. Resoruces in this game are somewhat limited.There are some glitches but the ones I have run into were minor and never game breaking (hey Mona fighting in the basement with me instead of Glory) and from what I can tell there is no stat ""rerolling"" so if you don't like your character's build you are stuck with it til you start a new game. I don't feel like any particular ability one can unlock is a ""trap"" and ends up being useless, but depending on your class some are less than ideal. But you should be able to beat them came as whatever you want, especially if you aren't playing on the harder difficulties.This is a very reasonably priced gem. Fans of the first one should pick this up, or any turn based/tactical RPG fan. ."
,Recommended,300550,14257973,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,donshus,"Fans of Baldur's gate and Icewind Dale, don't pass up on this game. It's great. I have not had this fun in years. I was not expecting to become so engrossed in the story and the dialogue choices which was always interesting and fun. The creators here are creative and obviously know the code to make this work. And in addition to the included campaign, you can download separate fan made stories. Can't wait for the third installation which is in development. Download now, you deserve it."
,Recommended,300550,14260587,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheAdder,"Another great shadowrun game from Harebrained, 10/10 already bought twice."
76561198137919785,Recommended,300550,13978693,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ambriell,Awesome RPG! Absolutely love it!
76561197983688965,Recommended,300550,14046431,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Apn,"i have much more than 1.3 hours playtime FYIi dont see what the big deal is, oh yea wait i do its hype and people are still caught up in it. ive only played it on my laptop so far but i gotta say. frustration is a big part of the gameplay style, throw in some mediocre graphics, its just another x-com/fallout tactics gameplay offspring but that doesnt make it good by default. apparently it does 87 meta critic score WTF are these guys cheating. i mean the game is ok but its not that good. not even by a little.i dont really care if they are a good dev team with common sense, it should be standard. it certainly doesnt impact the playability of the game.bad stuff in the game. includes tiny combat areas, linear story with no replay value or random generated combat areas, really frustrating save scumming is neccasary as the game hs no effective autosave like this. dumb economy its like they couldnt be bothered to do the maths or equip team gui for a normal economy and team managment and instead took the easy road. The cut scenes consist of two profile pictures having massive conversations in comic book language only the pictures never change, its boring and they really go on for like ever so if your normal and skip boring underdeveloped   cut scenes because you have more than 1 brain cell dont epect to get any kind of story line because you wont find one here. The death system is just so annoying for egsample the ammount of times you will finish a zone but your main charecter is incapasitated only to die and get game over because you have no more revive kits even though you just completed the zone is simply the most pointless experience you will have and relive for the duration of the gamegood stuff in the game. its steampunk pretty fun to look at. nice cybernetics upgrades in the doctors. its not full of bugs. even though you can only develop your own charecter it is a solid rpg based stats system and you can unlock quite nice powers along the way. i cant think of anything else but let me put it this way it is a pretty good game and has some excellent qualities but its not woah amazing its just mediocre so buy it if you wanna but dont expect 87 meta critic review to live up to expectations because it wont. i still recommend it as it is acctually quite good but offset by plenty of rubbish."
76561197961207408,Recommended,300550,13988110,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ineluki,Very good. Supasses Shadowrun Returns with its expanded setting and options. Feels more involved with the Kreuzbasar Hub.
76561197975247124,Recommended,300550,13968985,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Evilgoattea,"First of all do not count my hours played on this version of the game as I played the DLC version on Shadowrun Returns for many hours.  That being said this campaign is leaps and bounds better than the one that came with the original game.  This is understable since they had just finished building their engine and wanted to get it out the door.  Dragonfall is the game refined if you will.-More choices-More Characters-Better Writing-More Dragons!This campaign is what tactical rpgs are all about!  It sets the bar super high for their next endevor Shadowrun: Hong Kong and I look forward to it.  Anyway, should you buy this game?  Do you love Shadowrun?  Do you love tactical rpgs?  Did you like Shadowrun Returns freshman campaign but thought it could be more?  Well, guess what, this is more.  Yes, buy it!  You won't regret it!"
76561198038124720,Recommended,300550,13950666,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,cfblum1,"Great RPG with lots of story and turn based combat.  Multiple ways to complete each quest.  Choices you make have an impact on the game (an possibly the ending, still working on it). The characters are really well done and I find myself attached to all of them. I will definitely be replaying to try out the different character types."
76561198065654641,Recommended,300550,13950671,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Silliest Goose,10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,300550,13972891,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[E] Exenexa,"Great Game, Having never played The tabletop version Nor the Original shadowrun returns I bought this game because there are not many tactics style games that i remember from my earlier days. Games such as Final fantasy tactics or Disgaea. I bought Xcom for the same reason but i didnt like it very much, I guess I set the bar too high but this game is one of my top tactics games now...well top 5 anyway, I bought this while I was waiting for Massive Chalice to be at a playable level and now I am hooked. I have only played the original story line once (And on Normal Too....) Since then I branched out into the Workshop items, Which i love and they look to be flourishing more now, this game will keep me tided over for a few hundred more hours yet. Great Buy. Great price. Look forward to hong kong....Or Shadowrun online.."
76561197994464369,Recommended,300550,14233253,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Reamus,"This game was brilliant.  The characters are deep and very well written, the story is intriguing and entertaining, and the combat is fresh and fun.   Dragonfall is an improvment to this series in all aspects.  The UI is easy to understand and looks much crisper than in Returns.My only issue with the game is that I think the hit percentages are off. There were multiple instances of having a 99% chance to hit and I would miss multiple attacks in a row.  Thats it....the one thing that stopped this game from being perfect.Do yourself a favor and buy this game. It is well worth your time and money"
,Recommended,300550,14233845,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mao,"Pretty sweet expansion pack for Shadowrun Returns. This has a solid storyline with interesting scenarios. As a result, unlike the previous game I wasn't bummed out about the fact the game is pretty linear. There's some customization to your party members which is a welcome improvement from the last game. All the various skills and combat abilities are more fleshed out and useful. Can't wait for the Shadowrun Hong Kong game."
76561198039861861,Recommended,300550,14169369,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AlphaCrimson,//////
76561198057015246,Recommended,300550,14180987,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sword,"This is a fantastic successor of the first Shadowrun RPG from HBS. The first one was fine as it were, but Dragonfall is near perfect on many levels. First and foremost: this game ""feels"" exactly like Shadowrun should feel, the world they created fits the atmosphere of Shadowrun perfectly. It is like playing one of the good (there are some mediocre ones around) shadowrun novels and for this, is simply absolutely enjoyable. It is a solid RPG with a convincing system of character advancement, a solid, Shadowrun typical story, and a nicely fleshed out environment. Of course ist is rather linear an not at all a shadowrun sandbox, but that is a) not a problem, because the game is great as it is and b) on the given budget just not possible. The grahpic presentation is really good, a fitting cell-shading / comic style approach, that depicts the entire shadowrun world nicely an with love and care for detail. Add a soundtrack that has a good futuristic ring to it paired with typical, well working atmospheric elements for danger / combat / bleak and eerie feel and voila - a great Shadowrun game it is! 10/10 from me - I honestly don`t know, how a Shadowrun game could do something decidedly better than what has been put together with Dragonfall. It could be larger, more open storywise etc. but these are aspects that are limited by the funds that were available to the devs. I can hardly wait for the next installment ""Shadowrun Hongkong""..."
,Recommended,300550,14215965,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,bored_1,dropped shadowrun returns before I finished it because I didn't care about what was going on at all. this game has fixed that by making a story that I can mostly remember
,Recommended,300550,14216268,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,adrianmarshall167,"Shadowrun has always been a franchise I wanted to get into, but after trying the Xbox 360 shooter and experiencing a bit of shellshock from the learning curve, followed by a pretty powerful craving for turn-based strategy, good storytelling and a mix of science fiction and fantasy, I decided Dragonfall was the train to hop on.The theme of races underlying the main story arc is one of my favorite aspects so far, as social and racial discrimination is something I would like to see games discuss more. It is done extremely well here, and the characters are all fascinating, and the way that your character can tie into the overall narrative makes the game feel much more immersive than one would perceive at first glance.Another hugely entertaining feature is the setting. The German interspersed throughout the dialogue makes for unique conversations in the game and the use of distinct language for each character gives them their own personalities, and the things that are part of their backgrounds make them unique. This is not the typical role playing crew that the player works with, instead they have identities that make you care about them and what they think about you. Not being able to please them leaves you yearning to try again, and not many games are capable of making a person care so much about fictional personas.Lastly, the tactical gameplay is brilliant. Fans of Fire Emblem and Final Fantasy Tactics would be right at home, and would be delighted to see the seamless transition of narrative exploration to combat, and how efficient the design of the flow of gameplay works. It makes the game addictive and purposeful, as preparation for combat has a meaning behind it, and that's something I often found tedious about other strategy focused titles I have played.For 15 dollars, this is a steal of a game, better than most of the games I have payed 50 plus dollars for. If you're on the fence about this game, give it a try, because this harkens back to the best RPGs have ever had to offer, and it will not cost you as much as those games often do."
76561198052135773,Recommended,300550,13998077,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Fellini,"Woooow they're really going from strenght to strength.I loved dead man's switch, but this is something else again.The fact that I bought it on sale shall forever be a stain on my honour.How about you give a discount for preorder next time, so I don't hold off on principle?"
,Recommended,300550,14003541,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Vladimir Pootis,"My god. The most fun I have had in a game in a very long time. Massive campaign, deep world. Buy this game."
76561197980238865,Recommended,300550,14018599,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blarghalt,"Let me state something we already know: 2014 was not a good year for video games. Titanfall died within a month, Destiny was a bloated monstrosity, and the less said about Unity, the better. There were a few good games, but most were lost in the avalanche of crap.And through it all, this game was criminally undermentioned.Shadowrun Returns marked the franchise's glorious return to the video game scene. Although it had its problems, it was generally agreed to have been a good first attempt. Harebrained Schemes did it seems like less and less developers do nowadays and *listened* to the complaints of the players.And here we have Dragonfall. In a lot of ways, it plays a lot like a much linear Fallout 1 & 2. Isometric view, combat dominated by 'action points', and entire sidequests that can be completed earlier or bypassed entirely with the right skill/speech checks.Your comrades, the other mercanaries that make up your shadowrunner group, are also all very interesting characters with their own demons and reasons for being the way they are. One of the greatest things about the Director's Cut is where in the original Dragonfall they merely hinted at tying up some loose ends, in the DC you actually get to accompany them as they try to bury their past once and for all.Like Fallout? Get this. Like Cyberpunk? Get this. Fan of the Shadowrun tabletop of old? Oh, you better believe you should get this."
76561197975156012,Recommended,300550,15616264,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Taborask,"Suffers from some of the same problems as Shadowrun Returns 1, namely lack of documentation and poor clarity on certain game functions, stats, etc. With some improvements. The story, writing, and setting though are absolutely phenomenal. I spent the last 3 hours of the game riveted to my seat, and I cannot possibly recommend the overall experience enough."
76561197998716287,Recommended,300550,15616357,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GunnarrTheMadd,Amazeballs.
76561197993643307,Recommended,300550,15489238,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Spounge,"Improved on everything that I found lacking in Dead Man's Switch, which was good in its own right. Can't wait to play through Hong Kong!"
76561197993447274,Recommended,300550,15551182,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mykal5150,"Excellent game, great ""old school"" story, great 2.5D graphics and mood.Disliked-it endedI would highly recommend."
76561198005690187,Recommended,300550,15751623,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Kitsuki Kuroame,"If you like Shadowrun 4th, you'll like this game.  It's not blow-for-blow an exact port of the pen and paper, but it does an excellent job capturing the essence of it.  Most importantly, it's got a great story... one that I actually, absolutely HAD to adapt to the pen and paper game.  While the story does have a lot of the standard Shadowrun cliches (the Johnson betrays you... WHAAAAAT?!) it also pulls you in an unexpected direction more than once.  Do yourself a favor and don't read any spoilers... if you don't read ahead, the story will have you constantly changing and reassessing your theory as to what's ""really"" going on all the way up to the end (and I mean ALL the way up to the end, even past the climactic battle).There are a few clunky things about the game that Harebrained Schemes has acknowledged it by endeavoring to fix them in Shadowrun: Hong Kong... most notably that, unless you're in combat, you can't have party members pick up stuff.  That gets supremely frustrating toward the end when you're popping a few med kits every fight, because you can't restock your medic, or anyone else that's been using them, and are likely going to run out of room really quick on your main character.  There are work-arounds, of course... you can start a fight, then run away from it to loot all the medkits... but that's a pain to have to remember to do, and you risk needing a medkit just for starting the fight.  Still, like I said, they've acknowledged that it's a problem, and they're going to fix it in their next game.  It doesn't fix it in THIS game, but at least it's something.I love this game well enough that I'm going to buy Hong Kong the second it comes out.  It also inspired me to convert Shadowrun to the Legend of the Five Rings rules (because I love the SR setting, but hate the ruleset)... but the rules themselves work pretty well for a computer game... they just get a bit too clunky for the table top, with combats lasting 30 minutes to an hour sometimes.  But... that's the tabletop, not this game... this game is actually really great."
,Recommended,300550,14504417,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nova Nihil,"You like story-heavy RPGs?Love a good, deep story that you can be part of?Like solid, intuitive, approach-it-as-you-want turn-based combat?Have a soft-spot for old-school isometric rpgs?Like the idea of cyberpunk meeting fantasy seamlessly in a world that survived the apocalypse?If you answered yes to any or all of this, then look no further!  This is everything you've dreamed of and more.Absolute excellence."
76561198041106418,Recommended,300550,15486186,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Esh,"Buy. There are a handful of quirks and points are definitely tricky without googling answers, yet the challenge is fair and definitely varied. If you've done a Shadowrun game on the table top, you'll be at home very quickly. Sneak first, shoot later."
76561198044796569,Recommended,300550,15431742,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,LUZ_TAK,Excellent! 9/10 It brings back amazing memories from the tabletop RPG.
76561197972518312,Recommended,300550,15522851,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sergius,"Really interesting environment and storyline, improved on the first Shadowrun story-line (Dead Mans Switch) a great deal.  Well worth playing."
,Recommended,300550,13786366,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,xCh3RrYB0mb!,"I've always loved the cyberpunk setting in videogames. Transistor is one of the highlights of 2014. This game here is no different. I won't lie, I've never played any of the Shadowrun games before this (I read that they weren't as good as this here) but this game made me want to delve deeper into the Shadowrun world. Set in futuristic Berlin, the story plays out at a nice pace though you would probably get confused with all the terminology and lore going around (Google is your best friend here) if like me, you are new to this universe. The branches in the storyline offer some replay value, and your decisions do affect the storyline. Strong supporting characters also help give the story some life rather than a Y/N kind of game.The artwork is to me, pretty good. Reminds me a lot of the aforementioned Transistor, in a good way. You don't really get super detailed character models but it doesn't matter since the game isn't meant to be played with you zooming in that much (Plus, it's all about the STORY). One of my only complaints about the artwork (graphics or whatever) is that the Matrix (it's the digital world where deckers can ""jack in"") looks like it came out from one of those crappy Android games. But then again, it IS the digital realm we're talking about here with all the 1's and 0's.The turn-based combat is solid and plays out as you'd expect. In terms of upgrades and the like, there isn't really a lot of things to do. There is no one God-tier 'class' or gear to get. It's all up to your imagination and how you want your character to play. Support with spell buffs (yep, there's ♥♥♥♥ing MAGIC), long range combat with sniper rifles, close range melee and many more ways you can decide to play.This game makes me want to get the previous one (this game was a DLC for it, but has since become standalone), Shadowrun Returns. Also with the next game confirmed to be set in Hong Kong, I can't wait to see how Harebrained Schemes steps up the game from this masterpiece."
76561198042214583,Recommended,300550,14865999,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,jp_bugs,"A good retro-style RPG with a solid story and fair mechanics.  Character customization makes the game replayable despite the railroad.  Catpures the spirit of the Shadowrun universe.  As a fan of the old SNES game, I recommend this upgrade."
76561198055814688,Recommended,300550,14940542,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,irulesmost,"The awesome setting of Shadowrun brought to life. The UI and party management updates for the Directors Cut are fantastic, and some of the fanmade content is *at least* as good as the enjoyable core campaigns."
,Recommended,300550,14943029,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jester,"I'm not the world's biggest tabletop Shadowrun fan as I have never thought magic and cyberpunk go well together. However, these Shadowrun games are extremely fun, and you don't have to know much about the world to be able to dive in and enjoy them. The mechanics are great, the dialogue is creative and immersive, the storytelling is superb. Every time the credits roll, all I can think is that I want more."
,Recommended,300550,14889968,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Caesar Augustus,"Overall: 9/10Absolutely loved the combat system, meaningful gameplay choices, karma system (including the ability to skip entire sections of levels by developing your character in certain ways), and storyline.The only things to be wary of are occasional glitches and odd behavior during combat. Save often to compensate! These types of glitches are very common even in mainstream titles with similar combat (X-COM), so it's hard to fault Harebrained Schemes too much for that. While the game length was fine, I do wish that some of the side content was further developed.Never played Shadowrun Returns, so I can't comment on the improvements. But I know I can't wait for Shadowrun: Hong Kong!"
76561198150248106,Recommended,300550,14945984,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Vu Lovaas,Brilliant turn based game with a very good story line and well made game mechanics based off tabletop games. Well recomended to fans of shadowrun and other tabletop games. Very fun to play and definatly lasts more than the 12 hours it intially suggests.
,Recommended,300550,14965568,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Spectral Anklebiter,"Worth playing, and worth replaying."
76561198036335355,Recommended,300550,15397028,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,mlgiardina,Excellent tactical strategy game. This game introduced me to the whole genre and I haven't been able to stop!
,Recommended,300550,15471008,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kalis,"Pros:- Amazing storyline.  This is cyberpunk RPGs at its finest.  I was completely hooked.- Fun gameplay, which is actually quite challenging at higher difficulty levels (even using optimal builds and such, which is rare).- Lots of side quests and extra to do.Cons (to some):- No cutscenes or voice-overs.  This game has a lot of reading, so it's almost like a novel in that sense.  But for those who enjoy reading, it is very rewarding."
,Recommended,300550,15223655,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,MazeMouse,I'm going to keep this short and sweet: Get this gameIf it's not for the super main campaign do it for the great community made campaigns.
,Recommended,300550,15306943,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Fireeye,"I was and am a big fan of SRR:Dragonfall. The game has some of the best writing I have ever seen in an RPG, the dialogue choices you make in the game can have an enormous impact, and while the RNG-based combat system sometimes almost forced me to chew on my keyboard in frustration, it nonetheless feels rewarding. Yet you could see, you could feel that some things just were missing from the game - The backstory of some character felt unfinished. Some dialogues were buggy and could be repeated ad nauseam. The combat mechanics, while not bad, could have had a bit more depth.In comes the director's cut. Glory now has her own run which explains her mysterious past. As do Eiger, Blitz, and even some characters that practically got no light in the original version, such as the shady Dr. Ekzibel. The combat system has been partially revamped, with the armor of characters now being a finite resource that can be stripped from enemies (and your own runners) by special attacks or plain old gunfire, drastically increasing the use of Glory's claws on the battlefield. Then there's UI changes, some new pieces of music, and even some new endings.In short, the director's cut solves the majority of the problems which Vanilla Dragonfall had. And given that Dragonfall itself already was one hell of a good game, the director's cut makes it fantastic."
,Recommended,300550,15253022,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,バスタード,"This game is really cool ! Lots of customization with plenty skills to explore. I will surely reroll after that. Challenging enough for me although I'm not optimizing my character (spent points in useless skills) on Hard difficulty. The story's pretty good so far and I am addicted to this game. Could this game be better ? Certainly, as most games. Is it fun ? Definitely.Play it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198066730672,Recommended,300550,16300224,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,gary.maksoudian,"really nice game with a great premise.  love the mix of tech and old school fantasy.  The look and feel is a bit dated, and there's a lot of reading and no voice acting, however, the game is still very fun.  4 stars in my book."
,Recommended,300550,16319033,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,coopnshores,I really like this game. It's a simple turn based strategy game with rich story and character development. Definitely worth the $5 you'll find it for on sale.
76561198053905564,Recommended,300550,30473613,Posted: 12 March,all,rabenturm,"What was fun in SR Returns is more fun i Dragonfall; the mechanics have been tweaked, the characters have far more depth, the gameplay is less repetetive. FUN FUN FUN"
76561198054709107,Recommended,300550,16092563,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Smelgafeld,"I had typed up a lengthy review but accidently hit the back button so ill just do a bullet list.Good:-Excellent story-Great companions that interest me-Great combat-Atmosphere is very nice, music is perfect for it-Good writing-Pacing is spot on, keeps me wanting to play-Speaking as someone with little interest in cyberpunk, this game still holds upBad:-Graphics. While not horrible are not good either-Character progression: this is a matter of personal taste in my opinion so its not a huge negative to me but i prefer more traditional level/stat based systems-Interface: Can be fairly awkward and unintuitive at times.Bottom line, I highly recommend this game to any fan of RPG's, cyberpunk, old Shadowrun games, or good games in general!"
76561198029967473,Recommended,300550,16093469,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,anjing_bijak,"The story is fascinating and complex.The gameplay it self is fun,"
,Recommended,300550,16145733,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Loralius,"A cRPG that mixes fantasy and cyberpunk to create a refreshing new blend! The gameplay is simple, but complex and the flexible stat/spec system allows you to build your character however you like regardless of your class. That said, the essence system is a nice mechanic that discourages and prevents characters from becoming all-powerful mary sues of all trades.The story was also quite intriguing, and though I was a tad bit apprehensive, being a newcomer to the series and universe, I have not been let down. I -would- appreciate a little more ""fantastical"" influence in the story and characterization of metahumans, however it is possible this was an intentional design and is an inherent quality of the pen and paper RPG *shrugs* As I said, new to this universe.On a more somber note, I would like to suggest to HBS to craft longer narratives with more branching arcs/choices and outcomes. It's a pity the linear nature of this game restricts it so that one playthrough is all that is needed to exhume its treasures.Furthermore, I do feel that a game with such potential for mods ( it includes an editor ) should have more to choose from, and it's a pity the community isn't larger - though what does exist is fantastic. As such, BUY THIS GAME and GET SHADOWRUN HONG KONG to boot, you deserve it and so does HBS.In summary, the price I picked SR:DF up for (5.09 CND ) was a flat out steal for the experience it has provided, and despite some minor flaws, they have not prevented me from enjoying this game thoroughly and I fully intend to spend my hard earned money subsidizing HBS' well crafted games; nothing like supporting indie studios that operate from the heart!Now buy the game before I drekking ventilate you, dandelion eater!"
76561198029038933,Recommended,300550,15283502,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Cautet,Great game at a great price. Special mention to some of the amazing fan made content such as Shadowrun Unlimited.
76561198185042322,Recommended,300550,15210873,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Super Cobra,6 thumbs up!
76561198059918596,Recommended,300550,15637969,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Generic,"Magic, Metal and Guns. Oh my."
76561198047990311,Recommended,300550,14751405,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,EnumaElish,It's a pretty good game. A very good story. Can't wait for the next game in the sequel.
,Recommended,300550,14739911,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is one of the best RPG's I've ever played in my 15 years of RPG gaming.Shadowrun Dragonfall does Shadowrun right, eschewing cliches and setting the game in 2054's Berlin for a change of scenery.The engine has been polished since ""Shadowrun:Returns"" and it actully lets you save the game now instead of resetting all your progress when you eat a bullet RNG style. Combat is turn based vastly improved upon in the games newer engine.If you enjoy tactical combat, a unique and mature story, and memorable characters with a vibrant cyberpunk flavor Drgaonfall will not disappoint you."
76561198132611854,Recommended,300550,14741924,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,PVM,"This review is related to the Shadowrun: Dragonfall director’s cut (my review of the older version is together with the Shadowrun Returns, as the older version accounted hours in that game). This version of the game brought some modifications to the older version that significantly changed the gameplay, in some ways for better and in other ways for worse.The new missions included were very nice, besides giving you the opportunity to gain more karma and increase your stats to a higher level by the end of the game. I really liked the missions entering into the story line of the team characters, something that I missed in the first version. Also, the additional ending that allows you to complete the project is really really nice. It definitively made my replaying of the game worthy. Finally, now you can improve certain characteristics of your team mates to make them less useless in combat (most of them still pretty useless in the hardest difficulty, but it was an improvement).However, the new rule for critical hits really sucks… You cannot give a critical hit when your target has any cover. So, you have to break their cover somehow in order to deliver significant damage - by unbalancing them, hitting them on melee, whatever… In the hardest difficulty level, this new rule made the combats last an eternity (and not more difficult), especially on the final part, which has a lot of enemies and the first thing they do is take cover. I hated this modification as it made the final part of the game boring. Even though, the game still great to play and the history lines should please any Shadowrunner fan. Definitively worth playing."
76561198066216985,Recommended,300550,15946937,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DaddyJTrump,Is this Skyrim? ; )
,Recommended,300550,16003458,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Ping Pong,It has changed my life.
,Recommended,300550,16004012,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Glen Fletcher,"Currently 5 hours in; it's a mixture of X:Com, Dragon Age, and Mass Effect.The writing's fantastic (believe the hype - I was sceptical but it genuinely is that good), the combat's challenging, and the game is flowing at a really good pace.Not many games actually make me think about my decisions based on personalities and potential outcomes... a game with basic isometric graphics & no voice acting is 7gb in size; the reason is, it's all content. A rare thing nowadays.Also, troll pole dancers.I close my eyes and I still see their writhing pale flabby forms on the underside of my eyelids.Do NOT look at the troll pole dancers."
,Recommended,300550,16004120,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Klarum,"This game is amazing in everything it does.The story is immersive, full of plot twists and, keeps the action going brilliantly. The writing of each dialogue and dialogue choices is great.The turn-based tactical combat is solid.The Shadowrun techno/magic/punk universe is very well represented.A MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,300550,16029268,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Voyevoda,"I'm fairly new to the whole isometric RPG kind of experience, but once I had a friend explain a few things stat wise to me this game is amazing. The story is written so well you want to keep reading it rather than play the game sometimes. The combat is pretty addicting if you like strategy. I love the turn based aspect of it. If you like pen and paper RPG games this is for you. This game is so superbly done that I bought Shadowrun Returns yesterday and will be pre-ordering Shadowrun Hong Kong. If you're in it for graphics and flashy stylish battles don't buy this game. If you like top down, pen and paper RPG mechanics with a turn based combat system this is the game for you. Well worth every penny on sale or full price."
76561198119782159,Recommended,300550,16030255,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Lessieal,"Love it, a story and game that's easy to get immersed in.Wonderful connections with characters.Different ways to go about doing stuff.Customization of the main character.I find myself staying up later than I should merely wishing to do one more section, just one more.There is a lot of reading but it's all well written.Game play is tactical but I enjoy it never the less.It's going into my must keep and play over and over again collection along with Mass Effect, KOTOR, Jade Dynasty, and those type of games."
,Recommended,300550,16034393,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,H A F A D A I,"Never thought I'd enjoy a crowd funded indie game that I actually paid for, but here we are."
,Recommended,300550,16044489,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,argent6541,Great game. Incorporated the pen and paper rules great and made an awesome game!
,Recommended,300550,17593856,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Stormy,"First, I got angry at HBS for making SRR a nice, but honestly, a 6/10 game. For some reason, I still replayed it in full, though. I liked how simple, laconic and yet beautiful it was.Next, I got surprised by an amount of work they've put into Dragonfall. They've poured their souls into it. Finally, a game title that actually improved A TON over time. 8/10.After that, Director's Cut was released with even more polish and variativity, so much needed UI upgrades and such. At that stage, I think I secretly became HBS fan, seeing them as new gods of gamedev, who can actually make their products better and better with time, without succumbing to some wild marketing plan one day. Also, Dragonfall became my favourite game, replayed for like 5 times now or smth. 9/10.Now, there is Hong Kong being released the day after tomorrow, and it's the first game I ever prepurchased in my life. Because I know for certain those guys will deliver. Because I started with pirated versions of their games, and then bought all of them out of respect. My only regret is that I haven't been able to participate in Kickstarted campaigns to help make those games even better. But for their next Shadowrun project (hopefully there will be one) - I know I will.Overall, that's the reason I'm recommending this game (and series) and putting a 10/10 mark onto it."
76561197991368766,Recommended,300550,17602400,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Shrike,"This was more of an impulse buy since I've always been a fan of the Battletech series by the now-defunct FASA corporation. Since this was also their IP, I thought I'd give it a whirl, especially considering the rave reviews it got. And boy, did it deserve them! This game is turn-based RPG tactics at its best, where you get to know and develop your team over a series of missions. The setting is super-cool (can't get enough of cyberpunk), and the story is indeed memorable. I just hope that Shadowrun: Hong Kong lives up to the hype as well. Definitely a must-buy!"
76561197996226883,Recommended,300550,17615361,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Nicholas Galvin,
76561197972335884,Recommended,300550,17622083,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,drethnudrib,"If you are a fan of PC RPGs like Baldur's Gate and Fallout (pre-Bethesda), give this game a shot. The story is well-told, and the characters are as well-developed and memorable as any you'd find in the turn-of-the-century glory days of the genre. It may be short and linear compared to other games in its niche, but I still enjoyed it thoroughly from start to finish."
76561198065485925,Recommended,300550,17623057,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Coach Bombay,Its pretty good
76561197961444812,Recommended,300550,17510638,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,stan,a brilliant story based game; better than the first which was excellent in itself. have had a week off and im already 20hrs in so thats a recommendation in itself imo.if you like story and a mix of casual tactics in your rpgs get this game :)
76561198011362068,Recommended,300550,17580948,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Battle Brother Invictus,"DAMN IT!!! Even better than the first one, except for the main menu music ;).If you played and enjoyed Shadowrun Retuns, you will love this litte RPG gem. Great story, suspensefull, sure there are some logic flaws, for example there is a charity which can expand and help people thanks to your donations, which go only into the hundreds, but they offer you a contract for 22,000 at the same time...But I just chose to overlook these minor issues, since the setting is too intense and immersive to be really bothered by something minor like this.If you liked number 1, GO GET IT!!!!"
76561198143107369,Recommended,300550,17582739,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,LilRedHare,"Intense, story driven RPG with great graphics and an easy-to-learn, but complete system. You'll replay this game over and over..."
,Recommended,300550,17586872,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Dumle,"Well this game was pretty damn great. The writing was great, there were some really good missions in the game  and almost all element from returns (which i also liked) felt improved and polished. The combat is more fleshed out and there are more opportunities for different character builds to justify their spent karma points.  The companions were all really interesting and the companions missions were great. I was overall really impressed with the mission design in the game and there is a lot of cool and varied missions in the game.The game is certainly a controlled experience and the freedom that you get in other rpgs can not really be found here but i am personally fine with that. The narrative is tight enough and the price fits the content. I encounted some bugs but nothing game breaking. The UI would stop working at times when in the matrix but it went away every time after a while.Overall i had a really good time with this game and i would recommend it to everyone looking for a more controlled roleplaying experience with turn based combat."
76561198021803491,Recommended,300550,17587172,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,romar218,If you like Crpgs buy this game! it is well worth a spot in your library the price tag is so worth it.
,Recommended,300550,17756471,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dennis Reynolds,"I like it a lot. It has a nice contrast where it feels like a classic, old school RPG but is set in a cyberpunk world. I enjoy the turn-based combat more than I thought I would. The story and characters are really cool, so long as you're okay with reading instead of listening to voice actors (I for one am totally fine with it)."
76561197971079640,Recommended,300550,17759963,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dick Dastardly,HAPPY SAYS DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND ENJOY THIS GAME MORE THAN YOU NORMALLY WOULD:1.) DOWNLOAD/BUY/ GESSAFELSTEIN'S ALBUM2.) TURN OFF MUSIC IN THE GAME MENU3.) PLAY HIS ALBUM THROUGHOUT THE GAME AND ENJOY AN EVEN DENSER CYBERPUNK CLIMATETRUST ME ON THIS
76561197971025777,Recommended,300550,17783468,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,jan_parsons,"Loved this game; great backstory, well balanced. The story matters more here than most other games that rely more on heavy graphics and action sequences. More of a great comic book feel to it."
76561198021199135,Recommended,300550,15646473,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Warg42,A must have if you liked Shadowrun: Returns* 15 hour semi-linear campaign* Better UI* Longer campaign* Great SR theme/story
76561198074341001,Recommended,300550,17686831,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Girl,Good game....but SHORT!
76561198038631530,Recommended,300550,17687573,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,nofreewill,"It's really just another campaign in the style of Shadowrun: Returns, with a few additions.  You now have a permanent squad, and no longer have to spend money hiring mercenaries (still an option, though).I played through it on hard, and I was overflowing with gold trauma kits, advanced and platinum medkits.  The permanent squaddies can also level up, though your choices for customizing them are very limited.  I found it a waste of money to give them their own weapons or outfits, but loaning other items to them such as trauma kits, medkits, drugs and grenades is essential.Beware of missions where squad mates can die permanently.The problems with SRR still remain.  Most annoyingly, you can only distribute items to your squad through the stash (total item inventory, outside of the 6 items you can have on-hand per character), and only at the very beginning of a mission BEFORE it autosaves.  Also, aside from the main character, you can only get people in your squad to pick up items during combat, which is absurdly autistic.  This is the only time you can control other members of your squad, aside from skill options showing up in dialogue sometimes; ie. use squad mate to hack console, requires decking 3.  HBS needs to get its♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix that.I don't know if SRR was like this, but the roleplaying feels more open than before, and the story is little less whacky and off the deep end near the end of it, unlike SRR (slight spoiler for people that haven't played SRR either).  You can get into arguments with your squad mates, and (probably) have them ditch you.  The game is replayable and there's probably at least a couple roleplaying paths I never bothered to venture down on the first play through.  I'm only in the first fight and I'm already frustrated by very hard difficulty (which will probably even make certain missions demand perfect item usage, given the item stash issue).  The stash issue was complicated by how annoying it is whenever a character would run out of items, and how, if my main character's inventory is full, I'd have to put loot in the stash rather than be able to give it to squad mates that actually need it.The game is really nothing special, and rather plain for a tactical RPG.  Back when I reviewed SRR, I was pretty new to tactical RPGs, so I may sound a little more enthused in that review.I'll give this one a 6.5 out of 10.  Honestly, if you like shadowrun, I recommend getting SRR too, if its cheap.  I'll wait for a sale before I get hong kong."
76561198071647861,Recommended,300550,16016600,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Pete,Not felt this invested in a story for a good while. Great stuff!
76561198032536288,Recommended,300550,16019568,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Red XIII,I love this style of RPG.  I love the table top game and this brings a lot of that to life.  The character building is a little heavily leaning towards gun users.  The story is fun and even touching at times.
,Recommended,300550,16006872,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,sworded,"8/10PROS:Fun tactical turn-based combat, similar to new X-COM (action points and cover system).Lots of customization paths (Melee, Magic, Guns, Hacking, Summoning).Cyberpunk story is interesting, yet not too complicated.Multiple endings.CONS:Later on, there aren't any new skills if you decide to specialize.Limited customization for appearances.Limited selection of companions."
,Recommended,300550,16010388,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sacratiel,Just wow...
,Recommended,300550,15783458,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Carl!,"X-Com the RPG, except you can't tell what your hit percentages will be after moving until after you move, or if you'll have line of sight. Sometimes frustrating since cover doesn't work quite the same way, overall fun."
76561198082353895,Recommended,300550,15783789,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,IDeMoNZzzx(Stickerz),"Shadow run is similar to XCOM enemy unknown but has a branching storyline, Nice and brutal combat plus who doesn't love magic and guns at the same time?10/10"
76561198110339361,Recommended,300550,16045165,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sword Symphony,"A very good story so far..But...The combat feels like discount Xcom. I can't rotate the camera, which is a sorely needed function for games like this."
,Recommended,300550,16045418,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Omerdon,One word:Amazeballs.
76561197995559036,Recommended,300550,16048750,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,KiloTun,"While I pride myself on being a pretty nerdy guy, I had never had any experience with Shadowrun in any of its incarnations. Now that I've played Dragonfall, I'm starting to regret that lack.\This game is great. Not just for a Kickstarter. But genuinely great. The characters are rich and detailed, the dialogue is tight, the plot epic and the combat is challenging yet fun. In fact, I'd say that while I was playing Dragonfall, I caught myself thinking that I hadn't enjoyed an isometric RPG like this so much since Baldur's Gate 2.So Shadowrun. For those of you that are unfamiliar, the world of Shadowrun is ""fantasy cyberpunk"" setting. If you're having trouble processing that, just imagine a usual vanilla fantasy world with humans elves, orks and dwarves. Magic poofs in every corner. Got it in your head? Now give the humans cybernetic implants, hook the elves up with sniper rifles, provide some rocket launchers for the orks and robotic drones for the dwarves. Add a souped up version of the internet (called the Matrix which is true VR you can deck into). Finally dip it all in post apocalyptic dystopia where the governments are mere puppets of the mega corps (which are, of course, run by immortal dragons). Everyone is tagged, tracked and monitored. Just mindless corp slaves. Sounds pretty cool, right? And it is!You show up in this cavalcade of madness as a ""Shdowrunner"". See, unlike the rest of society you and those like you aren't owned body and soul by the corps (at least not to the same degree as most of society). That makes you valuable. That's because Megacorps can't go and declare full scale war on each other. It's bad for business. So what do they do? Corporate espionage, sabotage, extraction, data hacking and the occasional assassination. Of course, they can't use their own guys for that, it'd be too incriminating. What they need is a ""deniable asset"" namely, a Shadowrunner. A person living on the edge of society with no background, no history, no ties and most importantly, no connection to the Corps. Just looking to make a buck in a crappy world.As Dragonfall begins, you have just hooked up with an old friend of yours in Berlin for a job. From there you'll explore an enclave of other refugees from society call the Kreuzbasar, help your team work through their problems (and they DO have some pretty heavy ones), do what you can to influence the world for good or ill, get caught up in so many conspiracies that you might need a spreadsheet to track them all and might have possibly sacrificed your body (and your humanity) for shiny cyber parts. By the end of the game, you'll have gone through a few plot twists and have had your share of surprises along the way.Gameplay wise, it could best be described as if you took X-COM crossed it with an old school turn based RPG. Surprisingly enough, it works great. When out of combat, you and your squad are free to roam around the area (no need to take up action points). When enemies are detected you drop into X-COM style combat mode. You have 2 action points that you can use to move, fire weapons, cast spells or use other special abilities. Cover and deployment are vital as the AI will actively seek to flank you and has a fondness for chucking grenades. Some abilities will take up all your action points but are very powerful so you need to use them wisely. Other abilities allow you to fire off more rounds in one go, thus creating a veritable bullet storm, but drains your clip rapidly which forces you to reload more often.The combat is deeply impacted by the class you choose in Dragonfall. All classes have some amazingly differing and complementary uses. The classes are naturally based around the Shadowrun universe, so if you want to be a frontline fighter you'd be a Street Samurai wielding a variety of guns, close combat weapons or both. Mages are still squishy and useful for buffing, AOE and provide vital support to your frontliners. Riggers use a variety of drones to do their fighting while Deckers slip into the cyber Matrix and can hijack enemy bots, cameras and gun turrets. As you level up you get to spend karma to improve your character. Where you spend karma not only impacts your combat effectiveness, but also what sorts of dialogue and actions you'll have access to. Your team doesn't spend karma but you can choose one of two skills each time they level.Shadowrun: Dragonfall, has almost everything going for it. A few little quibbles exist, like sometimes your character moving instead of attacking and the lack of minimap. But those are minor and I'd say negligible for what you're getting. Epic story, great setting, memorable characters and really fun combat system all tie together to make this game a real gem. Hare Brained Schemes is currently working on a sequel call Shadowrun: Hong Kong, and if it's anything like Dragonfall, I'm getting it right off the bat."
,Recommended,300550,14955941,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Kpiozero,"If you even have an inkling of intrest in the shadowrun premise, obtain this game. It is way to amazing to pass up. Story is wiz, combat is wiz, everything is amazing."
76561198019605311,Recommended,300550,14897827,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Tasty tots,"Recommended, although a bit short. Game content wise, the official campaign lasted roughly 30 hours for me, user generated content held my interest 40 or so hours.There's many different viable character builds, and dialogue choices to make. A few plot twists kept things interesting. Very text heavy.I would recommend this game if you're looking for a quick, fun fix of story-driven tactical rpg. There's a finite amount of missions (optional included), and thereform nuyen (currency), so unless you use the cheat console your character cannot have everything. The combat is not as strong as XCOM, but the game makes up for it with lots of atmosphere and story.I wouldn't play the main campaign again though, since the story was the main driving factor and I used the cheat console to explore all the different character builds. Novelty wears off, it's a one and done game, but well worth 15 bucks.Some things that could be improved upon:Customization of party members other than your main character is minimal. Their equipment is set, their stats are set, etc.Not enough optional missions outside the main storyline. The few optional missions are carefully scripted side stories. The entire game feels very scripted, even with the choices."
,Recommended,300550,14898136,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Dranverco,I am enjoying this game and recomend it to anyone that enjoys a story matched with tactical turn based action
,Recommended,300550,14654126,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,i.am.tdr.weir,"I have only just started playing this game, but might I say what a truly *phenomenal* effort by the developer into this product.  I greatly enjoyed the original pen & paper Shadowrun RPG back in the early 1990s while in university, and Dragonfall comes oh so close to recreating those old campaigns, in the present day, on the PC.  Can't wait to see what the rest of this game has in store for me, and, what the next game Shadowrun: Hong Kong will bring to the table."
,Recommended,300550,15117340,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,gowkaizer,10/10 would shadowrun for again
76561197992801175,Recommended,300550,15259342,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,fabio,"Short review: this is the best RPG since Vampire: Bloodines. More similar to the old Fallout games (first and second one), I can honestly say this is better than those classics.Shadowrun Returns was a great effort at reviving Shadowrun, but it had some significant flaws. Dragonfall improves heavily on almost every aspect.If you're an RPG fan at all, you should just buy it.Need more? This game is a close 2nd place to Planescape: Torment for best writing in an RPG ever. Each mission feels unique, like each one was a carefully thought out pen & paper session. There are multiple solutions for every obstacle. There is a ton of optional content (there's an entire series of missions I never did because I absolutely loathed the party offering them, which I guess says something for immersion!). The most fleshed out and creative take on the approach to an end boss encounter I've ever seen.If you played Shadowrun Returns and thought it had some flaws, they fixed a lot of the problems;-Almost all of the combat skills are useful now (Shadowrun Returns was shotguns/rifles and nothing else).-You can now use your party members for skill checks.-You have (limited) development choice over your other party members.-Money is no longer ridiculously tight.-There are more opportunities for matrix running.-A little less linear.No really, you should buy this. Anything negative I have to say is just constructive criticism for the developers. I'll list that now.Negatives:-Matrix combat is still just a reskinned version of regular combat. Developers, all you have to do is literally just copy the matrix combat from the Sega Genesis Shadowrun game and you'll be golden.-There are still some loser skill paths (Shaman magic is inferior to mage spells, only 2 of the 8 social etiquettes are used all game).-I wish it gave you more control over your money and equipment loadout. The overall goal of the game is to raise a certain amount of money to pay off a character. A huge chunk of the money you make each mission is automatically set aside for this ""payoff fund"". You only end up getting to keep about 1/5th of the money you make each mission to spend. Your party members all have their own equipment that is upgraded automatically as the game goes on. While their equipment isn't bad, it's never the best of the choices you have to buy. Worse, you can't even buy better equipment and swap it out; their equipment is locked and all their weapon slots are usually full. I would have rather you got to keep more money from each mission and have the entire responsibility of equipping your party on you.-Combat difficulty, for the most part, is too easy. I was playing on Hard which was still too easy. It's mostly because the enemy AI is pretty bad. It never uses all its action points for attacking and will only attack once per round, like it HAS to both attack and move every turn. If enemies are in a good cover spot, instead of sitting there and attacking a bunch of times, they will attack once then move, often to an inferior position.The only combat challenges were missions where you don't get to use your full party and...cheese encounters. The most unfortunate aspect of combat is that the enemy ALWAYS gets the first turn, even in situations where you take them totally by surprise, like kicking in the door to a room where the enemy had no clue you were there. Snuck into a building and overhear through a door that a bunch of enemies are stoned and watching cartoons? They will still snap to attention and get an entire combat turn before your elite, alert team of mercenaries recover from the door kick.In fact, opening room doors is the single deadliest thing you will do. Your party will be bunched up outside the door because they're still in non-combat follow mode. Before you get a chance to spread out, the enemy will get to chuck several grenades and area effect spells at you. If they have mutliple mages, your party will mostly likely be completely crippled and dying before you even get to do anything.What's really annoying is those ""first turn cheese"" combat encounters prevent you from turning the difficulty up to the highest level, Very Hard, for a real challenge. Regular combat is mostly too easy on Hard, but if you crank it up to Very Hard then the first turn cheese encounters will wipe you out before you even get a turn. You can only change the difficulty from the main menu, so you can't just quickly lower the diffiulty for first turn cheese before turning it back up (well you COULD, if you wanted to sit through 5 minutes of quitting and reloading each time).I really hope their next game fixes the difficulty by making the AI smarter (all they have to do is not give up good cover and use all their actions points attacking when they're in a good spot) while getting rid of the enemies always getting first turn.-The wonky hit percentages of Shadowun Returns are still present. The game tells you your chance of hitting an enemy, but no way is the actual hit chance what it tells you. You will regularly miss five 80% chances in a row, while anything under 45% is pretty much a guaranteed miss. It's way too consistent to be bad luck. There has to be some kind of hidden negative modifier they don't tell you about (they start off fairly accurate then get less so as the game goes on, leading me to believe it's the enemy dodge skill that goes up as the game progresses). Wish they would fix this to accurately show the chance to hit.Seriously just buy it."
,Recommended,300550,15180751,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Berxerxes,Amazing. I hope it gets a sequel of the same standereds.
,Recommended,300550,15139988,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"I enjoyed this one and found it more memorable than Shadowrun Returns. Why? I'm not exactly sure. I played a melee character this time around and while he was weak at the start he was a beast by the end. The story is enjoyable but the way you are made to do side quests is extremely forced.+ The game looks great.+ Most of the side quests are fun, if forced.+ Enjoyed the story.+ The supporting characters are interesting. I especially liked Glory.- Forced side-questing.- Didn't find the matrix segments much fun.Playtime: ~ 28h8/10"
,Recommended,300550,15187721,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,kutya,"Dragonfall, like it's predecessor Dead Man's Switch, isn't for everybody, but if you're favor a good story with really credible characters instead of the common fancy looking (but usually dumbed down) RPG, you have to try this one. Some improvements on DMS, but mostly it's the same mechanics. The combat is similar to the last XCOM (streamlined classic turn based combat). The game isn't open world, but on the other hand, you probably have more impact on the story than in most ""open ended"" AAA titles. I play lots of games, but it was a while since I enjoyed the story and the characters this much. Similar to Deus Ex, depending on the character you play, most of the missions will/can unfold differently. What I found a bit lacking is the interaction with the environment. The maps are nicely drawn, but most of them feel sterile. No Ultima or Elder Scrolls-like messing with useless clutter in the levels. Not happens often, but when I finished the game, it was the same feeling when finishing a good book and regardless you finished, you still think about the world and the people you spent time with.Pros:- good story- fleshed out characters- decisions having an effect- streamlined combat (for newcomers)- visually appealing for an isometric RPGCons:- somewhat bland environments- could be more optional missions- streamlined combat (for people used to old school RPGs: no turning, no stance, no rate of fire etc.)Would you like it?If you prefer: story, slow pace, simple combat, missions allow different approaches - play it.If you prefer: action, 3D, fancy visuals, skipping text, casual, being the ultimate badass who always solves everything - forget about it."
,Recommended,300550,15188108,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Daikos,"Great StoryChallenging Combat""Old school"" RPG vibe"
76561198024756313,Recommended,300550,15231292,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GuacaFlockaFlame,"I'm fairly certain that if you're reading this, you've already heard about how solid this game is. On the off chance that you're not, let me tell you, this is by far the best rpg I've played in the past 15 years. The storytelling here is top-notch, the branching plotlines are superb, and the only gripe that I have is that it ended too soon. Too soon being some 33 hours in for me. Do yourself a favor, snag this gem the next time it pops up with the humble bundle, or hell, just shell out the 15 bucks. You'll be glad you did."
76561198020517001,Recommended,300550,15240221,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,logout,"The first one was impressive. This one is even better. I cannot imagine a game that could make the Shadowrun universe more living (and dangerous).Frankly, a masterpiece !"
,Recommended,300550,16370979,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kg,I love it (played before the director's cut came out) and I have recommended it to many others.  It gives me my Shadowrun fix.
76561198059921966,Not Recommended,300550,22309204,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tristancousin,"I really love the universe of Shadowrun. But this game did not feet my expectation, especially after having played the other Shadowrun, ""Shadorun returns"" qnd Dragonfall without the ""director cut, which is a disaster. The game is long and repetitive in some ways (moving from one area to another, one, resting, going to the next mission briefing...), There are some bugs as well (just play a shaman or a mage, choose some specific spell as a weapon, get ""disarmed"" by whatever ennemy in a close fight, and you will never be able to cast your spell again. Ah, and the music is repetitive too. And as English is not my mother tongue, I barely understand Three quarter of the conversations, as there is really too much slang, a translation is almost necessary even though I usually deal with English speaking games. The scenario for Dragonfall is not bad, but ""Director's cut"" stuff was not necessary"
76561197997773188,Not Recommended,300550,22048887,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Redpossum,"This game just starts out waaaaayy too hard. They throw you in at the deep end and you get slaughtered, and it's not an inducement to keep going. I would have had a much more favorable impression if there was a tutorial of some kind, something to get you acquainted with the game mechanics. But noooo, they just drop you in the muck, and you're suddenly fighting for your life, outnumbered 3-1 and attacked from all sides while still trying to figure out basics like ""how do I attack? How do I use this ability? How do I heal my team?"""
76561198049570667,Recommended,300550,27966172,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fr-url,"At first I was a bit surprised by the lack of spoken dialogue, meaning old school type gameplay where you actually have to read yourself instead of half listening to the dialogue. It's definitely worth it though if you enjoy turn based gameplay/rpgs."
,Recommended,300550,27712015,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DarkFiber,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is an excellent entry into the Shadowrun series.It has fun turn-based XCOM style gameplay, a well-written story, great characters and one of the best, most fleshed out and most original fictional worlds ever created.I'd highly reccommend."
76561198070729179,Recommended,300550,27716347,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,erttheking,"I love all of Harebrained Schemes' Shadowrun games, but this is easily the best of the lot.The anarchy ruled Berlin is fully realized, with all the pros and cons of anarchy.  The characters who live in the wild city are all fully realized, with many of the companions being some of the best written I've ever seen in gaming.  I've got a special place in my heart for Glory and how fully realized her character is.    And the atmopshere, dear lord the ATMOPSHERE!  This game is drenched in cyberpunk from start to finish, as well as the fantasy elements tha make Shadowrun unique.Shadowrunners are not nice people, they steal, blackmail, kidnap and murder for money, and the game reminds you that that is the line of work you picked out for yourself.  You can try and take the moral high road, but the world around you won't reward  you for it.  You need to do it because you want to, you're not gonna get a pat on the back for it.  And to make things even more confusing, what seems to be the right thing to do at first may not actually be smart OR morally sounds.  Add in powerful megacorps, brutal gangs, ambitious conspiracies and everything in-between, and you've got a world where you need to fight to survive.  Particularly when someone hidden in the shadows has their sights set on you.Sadly the gameplay is...not bad, but it feels a little standard compared to the downright amazing writing.  It's your typical turn based combat with graphics that are eh and isn't terribly complicated.  Heck, some fights can be downright skipped if you leveled the right skills (more charisma is always a good thing).  Also Matrix combat is just...underwhelming.Despite that this game is still a solid 9/10 and is honestly one of the best games I've played in years.  Particularly with the extra missions the Director's Cut added for free, developing many of the squadmates even more."
76561198019391869,Recommended,300550,27605492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyrmatfrage,"So, so much better than the Dead Man's Hand campaign. Having teammates with actual personalities, plus a place you can call home in between missions, go a long way toward emotionally investing you in the story. The story is good too, so much better than DMH, with some branching narratives, plenty of skill-based dialogue options, dashes of moral ambiguity and an ending that makes you go, ""phew, I saved the day... BUT AT WHAT COST?!"" Which is as it should be."
,Recommended,300550,27585993,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yip,"This is my second walkthrough of this game. What to say, game's mechanics are just beautiful and good balanced. Really interesting to play second time with completely different character of mage class. If to compare with first walkthrough that I completed with cyber street samurai, I have other dialogue options not available before, specially with teammates. Overall, very exsiting game with deep and interesting plot. I will definitely try community mods after completing it."
,Recommended,300550,27581645,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jackic23,Deep story and very engaging. Only thing I don't like however is the karma point system where I never get a point where I feel really powerful. Instead my teammates excel in their disiplines.  I probably will replay it and try out another character build.
,Recommended,300550,27909488,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[2o2p] OrDaned,"A good story, filled with interesting characters and dialog, along with interesting combat in a great setting. If you're a fan of the setting, this is a must-have. Players into cyberpunk settings or story-driven games will find a lot to like here, but may feel like they are missing some of the flavor if they aren't already familiar with the Shadowrun setting.This game captured the feel of the Shadowrun pen and paper RPG, which is the highest praise I can think to give it."
,Recommended,300550,27919375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SkunkerXXX,Mind still blown
,Recommended,300550,25277099,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,hubcap92,"Character customization at its best. Great story, great characters. Would absolutely recommend. Love the way there are so many choices to go along with every mission and the endings."
76561197993876961,Recommended,300550,25254633,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fry,"Great CyberPunk universe and story, I've just finished ShadowRun Returns and am off to play Hong Kong. Loving the series"
,Recommended,300550,27122275,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shedew,"A must-have for every person out there enjoying tactical, story-driven sci-fi games.When i first started playing i immediatly fell in love with the well-written characters working alongside the player character. The gameplay improved a lot in comparison to the first game, Shadowrun Returns, although the graphics stayed almost the same.The story has some nice little twists that really catched me off guard and i still regret one of the main choices i made. The missions are mostly well made, only one(raising money)dragged on at times.Over the course of the game the development of my own character came up a little short, but you could make up your own story and i think a closer look to your own past might've really destroyed this 'be anyone' aspect of the world/game.Overall i can recommend the game this game to anyone willing to overlook the pretty old graphics and the small, but well-written world."
,Recommended,300550,14764426,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Amonlord,An excellent storyline! I didn't stop playing until I got the end of it. Plus the strategy based-turn is all enjoyable.
,Recommended,300550,14765434,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kaelib,A polished cRPG that will have you reliving the 90s in style.
76561198027678371,Recommended,300550,14858828,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,melchizedeck,Never thought that this would be such an amazing game. A rich cyberpunk lore based story combined with turn based tactical strategy and RPG elements make this one of my most enjoyable games that I've bought for quite a while. I highly recommend.
76561197999211389,Recommended,300550,14861539,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Payload: Dragonmage of The North,this game is incredible.  i can't even put into words how one of the endings made me feel.
76561198026616081,Recommended,300550,13648683,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hudson,"This game is pure Shadowrun. Anyone who likes Cyberpunk, futuristic RPG or Shadowrun- BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,300550,14912518,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jcm,"Pro:Great characters, excellent writing and not an ounce of busywork padding, every quest is interesting.Con:The combat & sound design leaves something to be desired, i.e. I wasn't having much fun using my spells or shooting my rifle.Neutral:No voice acting, also not limited VA like in other CRPGs like Baldur's Gate. I think this was deliberate to not have it interfere with the before mentioned excellent writing which describes characters' reactions nicely."
76561198018029347,Recommended,300550,15041502,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,wah2dil,"if you love Fallout and X-Com Enemy Unknow battle system, this your game. One of the best RPG that I've played."
,Recommended,300550,15040273,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,enixmalichite,if your a fan of the original shadow run then be prepaired to loose your mind this game is mind blowing just like its counter part.
76561198012935529,Recommended,300550,15056628,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,saint7515,"By far the most fun I've had playing a turn based strategy game in a long time.  Re-playability still being tested.--The Good- The gameplay was intuitive and (with a handful of exceptions because Trolls are tall) fluid.- Soundtrack was always on point with the 'feel' of the gameplay.- Despite being 2D the game's graphics grabbed me; sprites and backgrounds were bright without falling prey to being cartoony, or dark without being drab.  Most of the time it didn't even register with me that the game wasn't 3D.- Both micro (battlefield) and macro (character-building and story based decision making) decisiosns felt like they influinced the other in a variety of ways.- Storytelling was top-notch from the over-arching tale down to several NPC's stories.--The bad- Unable to re-size fonts, and high reolution with a ton of reading made me need to walk away a few times.- Game-play challenges do not come from AI, but from volume of opponents - this frustration is not unique to this game, and it does not suffer from it as badly as many others, but it is still present.- While Karma was balanced (Never felt like 'super-man'), money was never in short supply.  I frequently used combat drugs, always updated my gear, and yet I always felt like I was in the black... even though one of the main points in the game involves scrambling for money.--The Ugly- The only major frustration I had was mis-clicks that resulted from trying to move my team to squares immediatly above other actors.  For about 1/3rd of a second it shows movement to that square, then it highlights the (again, drecking Trolls) sprite in the square beneath my real selection."
76561198108131770,Recommended,300550,15062408,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,gianbeje,"Wasn't expecting anything impressive when I brought this, but 1 or 2 hours into the game and I found out I was playing a 2014's masterpiece. A must buy for rpg and steampunk lovers. Avoid if you don't like story-focused games, because there are really lots of wots to read."
,Recommended,300550,15063661,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,g_w_burke,"A wonderful platform. It's exactly as good as the modules you choose to add, many of which are available free in the workshop and on several modding sites. For the price, you get; a solid Shadowrun platform, a great built-in campaign, access to hundreds of community campaigns, and a suite of tools to let you build your own campaigns to share. More than a game, you're buying hundreds of hours of gameplay opportunities. It's almost as good as having a solid group the play the pen and paper original. Well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,300550,14822772,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lord_andy_pandy,"Enjoyed this game thougroughly, played it through twice and then spent some time playing mods. Story is good, character building is excellent with skills affecting dialogue and mission choices. A game i will definitely comeback too at some point!"
,Recommended,300550,14923995,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Wolfsoul,One of the most polished RPGs I have ever played. Amazing Cyberpunk atmosphere and aesthetics. Soundtrack completed the setting. Dialogs with suspense and mysterious twists that many movies would be jealous of. Totaly recommended for the fans of the genre. The only flaw is that I wish it to be longer. So my personal rating is 9/10.
76561198024966986,Recommended,300550,15088509,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,steelcoresoviet,"Has all of the storyline and subtlety of the classics with a streamlined interface and intuitive micromanagement.Role-playing done the right way, with a lot of emphasis on who your runner is and how they get things done- both within your party and without.Not a loose tie-in, but fanatically faithful to the lore of the setting.There are flaws, misteps, and the occasional bug, but it does nothing to dim the overwhelming appeal.  10/10"
76561198021922182,Recommended,300550,14829101,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,prison mike,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Director's Cut is everything Shadowrun Returns should have been and more. Quite honestly, it's probably one of the best role-playing games in the last several years. The story, the writing, the characters; they're all excellent. Some of the best in gaming. The combat isn't anything new or altogether impressive, but it is still satisfying and more than adequate.Overall, this game is really great and I highly, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,300550,14774668,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,BOT OLIVER,One of the best stories.
,Recommended,300550,14778042,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,omen99,"Shadowrun combines fantasy and s-f in a great way. Depends on your preference you can be a tech guy (or girl) who infiltrate the matrix and getting valuable informations. You can be spellcaster and make your way with magic or you can also be someone in between of this two and fix problems with a guns (or swords if you like).Dragonfall have nice story and very enjoyable gameplay. Characters are interesting, turn based combat is very well done and also game visual style is very nice. HBS done a really good job on this game and I really looking foward for their next Shadowrun story - Hong Kong. If you want to spend some time with very good cRPG you should give a Shadowrun Dragonfall a try!"
,Recommended,300550,28023419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pirate Deus,"Definitely one of the best indie remakes of a very classic and ungrounded old school game (SNES, GEN, Table Top). Story line is excellent and the tactic game play was precisely written. Felt like an upgrade to a genre I fell in love with as a kid."
,Recommended,300550,28064383,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BasiukTV,"Best one of the series. Not going to review what Shadowrun game by Harebrained is, just going to point out the differences with the other ones.All the good things from ""Shadowrun Returns"" are still here plus some enhancement. And most importantly, there's no 'sequel trauma' here, game was developed with the same amount of effort as the first one.Game doesn't feel as rail-road anymore, there are often multiple drastically different outcomes for your actions. Story is pretty interesting generally, maybe a bit too long. I was able to work-out some sympathy for one of the villains.Game has much deeper interaction with your companions and immersion into their backstories.Combat is still very fun, UI improved a bit, but generally not too much change here.Only downside to the game apparent to me is lack of voice-acting, same as in original game."
76561198074865002,Recommended,300550,27997440,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Elnico,A great game as close to the real pen & paper experience as you can get within the confine of a video game.
,Recommended,300550,28045945,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,chrscaio,One of the best tactics RPG that I've played. It's almost if Final Fantasy Tactics and Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥had a son and it's violent one.9/10
,Recommended,300550,14175868,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kinzuko,"EDIT: if you are running windows 10 you need to run this in windows 7 or 8 compatability modeholy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing!this is probably the best RPG i have played since skyrim.the good- the characters where very loveable (some of them i despized)- a real feeling of progresion without the need for the standard ""congrats you leveled up""- real moral decisions that affect outcomes without some stupid morality meter- my faveorite setting for a game (futureistic world with magic and advanced tech)- some super tence missions where you and your party narrowly escape death ""in my experence there is no such thing as a milk run"".- lore so deep it has its own swears and slang- 40+ hours of gameplay +player made campaigns- though there are classes at the start of the game you can literally do anything (like a shaman can learn normal magic and be a really good sniper all at the same time)the bad- it kinda feels like it drags on for a while sometimes- random dificulty spikes- i feel like there could have been more cyber and bioware- lots and lots of text- requires an imagination (most people dont have much of one soooo...)- bugs all day every day-i felt they where not too clear on what the dragon was up until the final boss fight- decking felt like a weak point of the game despite the fact that it is almost required to progress in some parts. (probbably would be different if i was actually playing a decker and not a brezerker streat samurai but meh)- not enough weapon and spell types- would have been nice to see some metavariantsover all it was a very enjoyable experence and i cant wait for the next game!"
76561198095528527,Recommended,300550,25172871,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[---n0-Avail-],"Completed twice (100+hours), 12/10 RPG (coming from a long diehard fan of baldurs gate, planescape torment, fallout and other story-driven rpg's). Great writing, music and atmosphere. Combat is turnbased action point management. Some aspects of the game can be a little clunky -the ui, saving-loading, equipping items and the matrix is pretty boring but overall this game is really good. If you're not dissauded by isometric view and lack of voiceacting, definately get it.My only wish after completing this game was for the the hong kong sequel to be at least half as good, sadly didn't come true..."
,Recommended,300550,25157645,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kristoffer,"Excellent soundtrack, engaging story, likeable characters and servicable gameplay."
76561198006983080,Recommended,300550,25154332,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,gg gamer,"Neat little thrownback turn based tactical game. Lots of text based story, no voiceovers. Worth a play if you can handle text based story lines. Not as good as xcom, don't go in looking for that. well worth the $10 spent"
76561198044434254,Recommended,300550,24769446,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Luky,"This is the game that got me into the whole Shadowrun universe and lore. Very recommendable.The game has very well developed and endearing characters, the story is really enjoyable as well. The combination of music and aesthetic really set the mood for a dark and distopic Cyberpunk adventure.On the bad side the game does not make a very good job of explaining some of the combat conceps which will leave you having to do a little guesswork. It's not terribly gamebreaking but do be aware of this."
,Recommended,300550,25007087,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Cobold,"The game is over. I sway back on my chair and try to realize it. It's finished - titles slowly flow on my screen upward, the story came to its end. But... I'm not done yet. My crew, my hideout, my stash,my Kreuzbasar- it can't be gone just like that. I have to go back there, I have to deal some more stuff, I have to...Really, I never have had that kind of immersion. Dragonfall isn't that open-world RPG where you can be whoever you want, but it's beauty lies in the scope of inter-character relations and communication experience. Your choices, your way to deal things, your relations with your team. It's like reading a really nice book, an awesome one, but where you decide where the plot will slightly turn. Not a big change buta change of yours. Dragonfall's world feels like a turbid mirror - depending on your gameplay style it could give a darker or lighter image, more bloody or more merciful.I know this game isn't that new and isn't AAA-level stuff so my tiny review hardly would convince someone to buy it and go through its story - everyone who wanted already have played it, I guess. But it's a great game, and I'll miss it.Moreover, I will miss my teammates - Eiger, Amsel, Glory, Dietrich, Dante, Blitz. And Simmy Kim, who I tried to save but failed."
76561197997614678,Recommended,300550,25038135,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,dax,"A Work of Art. The Sixth World comes alive in a brilliant Story, capturing the imagination from the beginning till the end. The Npc-s are three Dimensional, with their own Background, Motivations, Agendas, and Personailities, fitting in perfectly with the Setting.I Haven´t Played Shadowrun since the 1st Edition Tabletop RPG and as Shadowrun Returns came out, I was happy to see the Franchise revitalized on PC. It was a good game, and it felt like Shadowrun.Dragonfall takes it a step further by immersing the Player more deeply in the Setting.Its a great Story-Driven RPG Experience, well worth your time!It is highly recommended to any RPG Enthusiast."
,Recommended,300550,25194596,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Del Mingus,This game is a good sequel and improvement to Shadowrun Returns. The story is much better this time around with you leading a team of Shadowrunners. Each member of your team has their own backstory and theres a more streamlined leveling system for your team members with the more detailed leveling from the previous game for your main character. Missions are more interesting and have a lot of options for completing them as well as optional side objectives.Since the stories arent connected it's worth skipping Shadowrun Returns and going straight into Dragonfall.Good Points:- Better missions that have multiple ways of approaching them as well as having optional objectives-Having your own team in this game is a plus and each with an interesting backstory and as well related missions. (You can still hire other shadowrunners if you want)- The plot in this game is quite good and I enjoyed it more than Returns story.Bad points:-Last boss fight felt a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty and was a downer on what is otherwise a great game-RNG for aiming can feel a bit unfair at times. Missing 3 or 4 shots in a row with a 60-70% or more chance to hit can be infuriating
,Recommended,300550,26427470,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ian_Bangkok,"This game is well worth the purchase price. Great value. I got over 40 hours of play time out of it to complete it one time thru on normal difficulty. If you are a fan of table top gaming then this really captures that fealing at a high level. Dialogue is good and response choices are decent. There are multiple endings to the game as I experienced at least two of them.There are only two minor negatives. 1) The game didn't seem to like tabing out during gameplay. 2) The variety of hand-to-hand weapons was a little skimpy, with no magical weapons at all that I found.It will run on lower end PCs which I think is a big plus these days because some of the newer games have very high minimum hardware requirements."
76561197971252326,Recommended,300550,25331512,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,spaceman spork,"This game like most RPGs is a bit slow starting.But when it ramps up, it's very engrossing and fun.The storyline is interesting, the characters are interesting and the game play is pretty good.The only issue I really have with the game though is the game play style for the combat will remind people who play XCOM of that game.  It's very XCOM style combat.  That's a good thing because XCOM is a damn good turn based strategy game.  So why is this an issue?  If you're used to XCOM, the combat sections feels like a bad XCOM game.  :-/  It's still good, don't get me wrong, but it definitely doesn't match XCOM and you can't help but make the comparison because of how similar it is to XCOM."
,Recommended,300550,18053478,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,"Hit me, Scrotimus. I deserve it.","This game is the definition of ""successor"". It caused me to dork out on reading about Shadowrun's lore. Also, this is the only non-openworld game that I've made several characters in.Better writing (morally challenging quests & heart-string slashing characters)More dialogue optionsIntelligently implemented skill checksGameplay improvements (love how spells no longer require waving your hand in the air)Play Shadowrun: Returns. Then play this. You will explode. I wish I could convince you to give these people your money. It may be one of those games you play only once, though, but it sure was a rollercoaster. I prefer this over Hong Kong for writing."
76561198134592530,Recommended,300550,24713414,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,george.servetas,"This game is simply addicting. If you enjoy games like xcom and invisible incorporation then this game is for you. It has an amazing story and the dialogues are clever and not meaningless. I have played the missions multiple times in order to try different weapons and tactics, try new skills to unlock optional objectives and gain extra points, and every time I play a mission all over again I discover something new. The game does not cease to surprising me ! I found the 2D game engine and the design pleasing to my eyes. (Important if you spend your whole day at work in front of a computer screen). The drawings of the surroundings are very nice too.Tip: Melee attacks (including throwing knives) flush the enemies out of their cover."
,Recommended,300550,24468336,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Grinning Ghost,"Fantastic game, highly immersive. I'm not a big fan of turn-based style games so I tend to play them on Easy mode just to enjoy the story, and Shadowrun: Dragonfall delivers. Looking forward to shadowrunning in Hong Kong."
76561197993583527,Recommended,300550,24649026,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,-DI-HungryKarnage,"Improves significantly upon Dead's Man Switch with the expected hallmarks of writing, strategy and immersion. I defintely liked the upgrades they did to the companion system and fleshing out great personal content for each - a trend I would love other RPGs to follow who either mistake quantity > quality of companions, or treat them little more than NPCs who help to punch enemies for you.The main plotline is fantastic with interesting twists though the difficulty of the campaign dips towards the endgame - granted, I did complete every possible mission and sidequest so I was as prepared as possible. Speedrunners should find the normal difficulty hard enough.Also worth noting that even at this stage the game does have number of minor bugs which have not been fully resolved. Nothing game breaking.Easily recommended - great example of old TB RPG done right.9/10"
76561198000088094,Recommended,300550,16838491,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,GOObER,"I continue to be surprised by the writing in this game. It's complex and interesting. In fact Shadow Dragonfall has the some of the most surprising writing I've ever seen in an RPG PC game. More specific is the dialogue choices during the ""quests"". The dialogue choices really are the meat of this game. They are basically the main way this game unfolds and they are fun to experiment with.It's good when you stop and read everything carefully sometimes :)"
,Recommended,300550,16839162,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Wim,"Absolutely loved this game! It's a TRPG: tactical role playing game. This game has a great story, which does require some reading. It combines just the right amount of reading with great tactical combat (think X-Com or Jagged Alliance even). I absolutely love this combination and sadly there aren't that many games of this type.Lots of choices on how to tackle quests (sometimes out of the box thinking gets you somewhere)Immersive storyTactical combat with lots of choice (guns, magic, melee, ...)Cool squadmates with interesting personalitiesFinished the game in 32 hours ... for 5 euro that's a bargain!"
76561198048175854,Recommended,300550,16060436,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,celestialend,Great game. Brings back memories of old school tactics rps with a nice steampunk area. Challenging but not frustrating. Good story with lots of dialogue. Only complaint is that it isn't open world. You go from your hideout to mission and rinse and repeat. Other than that its a great game.
76561197998738472,Recommended,300550,16064021,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,jallo,"This game was awesome!  Very good endings, well worth the playthrough."
76561198004930818,Recommended,300550,16071131,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Lord Wolf,as good as X-com with better story and a very interesting world
,Recommended,300550,16086547,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,zemdu,"Very interesting story. I like the fact that it's mostly linear, since then you can fit a very compelling story into a fairly short game (10-16 hours about). A lot of the story and decisions that you get to make are very satisfying!"
76561198039096301,Recommended,300550,16072864,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Killameter,"If you look past the faulty game play, the story is very intriguing. It helps you get immersed in the game, but the reward system is a threshold to overcome, especially in the beginning of the game. I am a veteran RPG-player and I am used to scavenge the corpses of the enemy characters for money and loot, but I was denied this pleasurable game concept here. To read all the conversations is tedious work and some of them are very long. Sometimes I had the feeling that I was reading a science fiction novel and playing in between. The story has classical thriller elements and surprising moments, which involve you emotionally. It also presents you with very interesting moral dilemma’s, where you have to make choices that have little to do with immediate rewards or missions objective. ( I wonder if they got this concept from DOS…) So you could say that what ever the game lacks in gameplay, it compensates by good story telling. Long story short for a low budget production, this is a great game."
,Recommended,300550,16079383,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Crud Bonemeal,"Best RPG I've played in a long time, though it hit a snag when I had to replay a later mission THREE times due to a bug with quicksaving. After I came back and beat the rest of the game, I was less angry, but that really killed the momentum.It was a great experience besides that, with the writing alternating between badass and hilarious, almost always hitting the mark at whatever it was attempting. Not quite up there with Planescape, but very good. You can roleplay many different kinds of characters, and generally no matter what you choose there's unique ways to solve problems or get hidden dialogue. There's some moral choices to make, and unlike the newer Fallout games, they're actually more interesting than a choose-your-own-adventure novel. The endings are pretty dramatically different in their consequences, but all could reasonably be chosen by a ""moral"" player.Combat is pretty entertaining, though the AI is dumb sometimes and the game's still a bit too easy on Hard difficulty. The earlier missions were balanced, but I steamrolled the last two. Almost every mission has at least one exciting twist which keeps things interesting, eg your team has to fight security while your hacker character battles another hacker in cyberspace for control of the turrets, etc. You will not be bored.Although the character archetypes are quite different, customization is sort of impractical beyond picking 2-3 key skills and pumping them for the whole game. Your teammates also manage their own gear and stats, with some limited skill choices on your part. No complaints about that actually, it makes sense and works pretty well. You can hire temporary mercenaries for missions to replace them, but there's absolutely no reason to because it costs money, they're not noticeably better, and you miss out on dialogue. Overall, Dragonfall doesn't have the technical depth of Wizardry, Diablo II, or even Final Fantasy. The main draw of the game is the setting and the various ways you can react to it, not min-maxing.I beat the game ~100% in about 30 hours, which is pretty decent, but for some reason it still feels short. I wish you could get more small shadowruns, like the Genesis game had, in addition to the handful of long and detailed jobs that make up this one. There's all these systems - the jobs list, the online message board, the character progression - that give the illusion of a big world, but ultimately there's a limited amount of money and stat points in the game, and you don't have that much agency in where you go. At least the modding tools could potentially put the engine to fuller use. As it is, Dragonfall is great, but there's some wasted potential also.Overall, judging just on the base campaign, Dragonfall is an easy recommendation. My only real hard complaint is those damn bugs. It's important that you be able to trust the game not to break when you do something wrong, or you know, save."
76561197997946330,Recommended,300550,16080542,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SilentScreams,Awesome.
76561198056021973,Recommended,300550,16120277,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Not An Orange,"One of the best games ever, shame it is rather short story wise, makes me wanting to have the same group running in future releases, if not a follow up, if not just more, and more time to evolve a character and skills.More seems to be the key word here."
76561198069070137,Recommended,300550,16123868,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CivilizeThis,"While many people were upset by the first releases campaign (Dead Man's Switch), for the lack of open-ended gameplay, and lack of memorable party members, the Dragonfall expansion fixed all those complaints. In fact, Dragonfall probably should have been the game they made from the get-go. Now that they've made the Director's Cut a standalone, you don't even have to buy the first campaign to play the much more fleshed out second campaign. Definitley pick up this game if you are a fan of shadowrun, cyber-punk Deus-Ex-ish games, or RPGs in general."
,Recommended,300550,16125429,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Private FML,Fun singleplayer turn-based RPG. Prepare for lots of reading! It's very well written and the dialogue choices keep it entertaining.
76561198043777940,Recommended,300550,19556169,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Shiva,"They fixed the wrong percentages compared to the return which removes a lot of frustration.Apart from that, the story is still a good mix between magie and technology."
76561197974106428,Recommended,300550,19400661,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kamano,"Being the second game of the Shadowrun series of Harebrained Schemes, Dragonfall excels in storytelling and more (little?) different storylines, based on your decisions. The grafics ain't much different from Shadowrun Returns, except that you get a lot of all new Berlin parts of course, where this episiode is playing (first game was in Atlanta, iIrc). - Anyway, if you are into this Fantasy-Cyberpunk setting and are looking for a new adventure and don't mind the kinda simple grafics for our modern times, you gotta play this one, you shouldn't be disappointed.Really, the ending ... well, I don't wanna spoil something, but I was playing probably more than of the last half hour of the game a few times again and again, because I wanted to see a few different endings. ;-) Much appreciated."
,Recommended,300550,19494356,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,French Motel,"One of the few games able to recreate the wonderment and magic of table-top RPGs. The story is well-constructed, features plenty of twists and turns and pulls you onward as only the best role-playing campaigns do. To boot, it has rewarding turn-based combat that boasts a depth that belies the relatively few skills available to characters. NPCs have been very well-written and aid in creating the sense of place that makes Dragonfall really shine. This is a game that rewards intelligent thought and committed role-playing. If that sounds like your bag, then you owe it to yourself to run the shadows of the Flux State."
,Recommended,300550,19742063,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Smu,Great game. Good strategy
,Not Recommended,300550,19520680,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Amor Fati 117,"I clump this one together with the recent Pillars of Eternity game. Neither of them really managed to grab my attention for any meaningful length of time. The writing and dialog is overall rather bland, the world building seems amateur, and the combat feels derivative and like I've played it before. Nothing wowed me."
76561198057785714,Not Recommended,300550,19780443,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SpaceCodet,"I found the game boring. It seemed to me that they added more for the sake of more. Some of the combat was the enimies just running acrossed the map to kill my main character and ignoring the others. The writing was okay for the story. It didn't have anything that gave me a reason to give a crap about it.Others liked it more then Returns. There are a few things better about the game. I rather think Returns was more enjoyable. The open UI was a major turn off to me. Returns UI was closed and cleaner looking to me. Yes, even though it was open and easier to see I fumbled with it."
76561198073755634,Recommended,300550,19780653,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,r-cane,
,Recommended,300550,19805261,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,KingAZAZ,"There's nothing new to the game mechanics, but the story and dialogue are of a rare, high quality. Thoroughly compelling, and great classic gameplay."
76561198002526111,Recommended,300550,19806845,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"What a wonderfully written adventure. Since it does little voice over, I'm for a story that is still good but to the point. Say a lot with a little, this is the best game I think I've played that has done that. Reading wasn't a chore because it was concise. The combat went for the quick skirmishes route vs long tb encoutners, both are good, just stating the way they went. Pretty good character building. Game isn't really long, which I like, I like games that are good, but don't over stay their welcome, which to me means getting bored with repetitive actions. Game was super in pace, get in get out, smiles all the way."
76561198042448938,Recommended,300550,19866295,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xelasneko,"Bought it last sale, managed to finish one run through it. So well worth the price point. I accidentally played it offline without Steam, so my playtime is not recorded.The battle system is a little frustrating for me, because the randomness seems to favor the AI, and sometimes being hard to position exactly where I wanted. I later on set it to Easy difficulty just to get past it.I enjoyed the conversation and story, and this is the reason I will recommend the game."
76561198016335447,Recommended,300550,19826524,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Acemi,"Hi guys,If you liked Fallout 2 this is the follower !Regards.Acemi"
,Recommended,300550,14155327,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,the RED pill,"An extremely well made, and developed RPG that has strong execution in writing, dialogue, gameplay, character interaction and development, as well as story development. It contains a few flaws in its own right, but are easily overlooked when compared to other elements contained in the game. There are several ways to play the game, and each time you finish it, you will want to start over and make a new class. There is no reason not to pick up this game if you are a huge fan of RPG's and/or Cyberpunk."
,Recommended,300550,19820978,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Great expansion on the original.
76561198119024606,Recommended,300550,19756374,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,mmmturtles,"I have played Shadowrun since the games on Sega, moved to the table top. This is the best instalment to come. The art is riviting, the music keeps you engaged, and the user interface is finely tuned. From the first time I tured it on I had a hard time turing it off. This game is great for players of all walks of life."
76561198175117997,Recommended,300550,20101963,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[Odd] Grizzlydorf,"All the goodness from dead mans switch but better. However like the first it has one flaw. The companions are great with deep stories and great dialogue and by all accounts should be badasses.....except you have no control over their developement! They end up rather weak. Which requires some careful planning on your part, especially if you up the game difficulty, just to survive, Still a fantastic story and very enjoyable gameplay."
76561197973068499,Recommended,300550,20188004,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Withering,"Awesome game. I very rarely play games till the end, but I did this game. I like the story and lore. The main problem with this game, however, is quite poor UI that makes managing inventory and upgrading equipment a chore."
76561198081758937,Recommended,300550,24360584,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ennykins,"I loved this game from start to finish. The writing was on point, the choices never felt too stifling, and the gameplay itself was challenging, but fair. All in all, totally worth the money."
76561198113643923,Recommended,300550,24117023,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,gabriel.anthony.qv,"game is maximum comfygreat characters, old school isometric view,"
76561198001683260,Recommended,300550,24125201,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,a pinata full of d4s,Eiger best girl.
76561198126240095,Recommended,300550,24297688,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DOC.DarklingThrush,"Perhaps there are some questions about the mechanics of the game that are due for improvement (what game doesn't?).More importantly by far, the story and writing of the game is brilliant and compelling - with more choices than you know what to do with. The graphic style is also very attractive in its simplicity.Anyone who enjoys classic RPG's will adore this game."
76561198061019191,Recommended,300550,22389475,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,djs070,"I haven't played a turn-based team combt rpg of this quality... ever. Thoroughly enjoyable story, characters, setting. Interface can be a bit dodgy at times, but I'll definitely be checking out other games in the series."
,Recommended,300550,22402880,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mentatparadigm,"Do you yearn for the olden days of CRPGs like Baldur's Gate and Planescape: Torment? Do you enjoy turn-based strategy games à la X-Com: Enemy Unknown? If the answer is yes to either of these questions, you probably want to check out Shadowrun: Dragonfall. The story is neither unique nor packed with surprises but it is, however, very well written and delivered, drenched in a classic cyberpunk/noir setting. Your party members all have their own backstories and side-quests to discover that will keep you just as interested - if not more so - than the main story. If there is one down side to the game, it's that I wish there was more. That's where the Fan Missions come in.A word of warning, in case you don't already know: There is absolutely no voice acting in this game, so be prepared to do a lot of reading."
,Recommended,300550,12815098,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,HartmannV2,"I remember being ecstatic when I first heard about the Shadowrun Kickstarter project; a PC game about one of my favorite pen and paper RPGs? Hell yes. I had played the SNES game before, though I never completed it.After playing through the main campaign, I was conflicted. I had a lot of fun with it, but there was this feeling of unfulfillment. It felt like the plot had taken a weird 180 degree turn after a certain point. The ending was rushed and gave me no clear sense of accomplishment. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed it and managed to deck through it in one sitting, which lasted for about 15 hours.Then came Dragonfall, and I was positively surprised with the change of setting and overall feel of the campaign. You now had an intriguing plot from the get-go with a dramatic beginning, largely expanded options on how to handle situations etc. Most importantly though, I valued adding permanent party members with distinct personalities rather than a few guest stars and faceless mercenaries you know nothing about, save for a short description.I usually am not a fan of doing odd jobs for tedious money farming, but the missions were fun and suspenseful, and paid enough to keep me motivated. The party members were all interesting, even Blitz who I didn't like. Everyone else was kickass, and I really liked the creative way they handled Gloria's backstory. The optional missions given by the Schockwellenreiter (I hope I spelled that correctly) and the Lodge added some tough decisions in an otherwise morally ambiguous world. (I really felt bad for giving the Bloodline project data to the Schockwellenreiter, especially after the ending.)I won't go into too much detail about the plot to avoid spoilers, but the ending gave me the sense of fullfillment I was missing from the Dead Man's Switch campaign. I have to say I haven't yet completed the Director's Cut, but I'm looking forward to the added content.I'd recommend this and the main campaign to everyone with even a slight interest in cyberpunk and fantasy, or sci-fi in general. If you were disappointed in the DMS, you should definitely give Dragonfall a go."
,Recommended,300550,17749597,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Digikomori,"I went into this expecting to be disappointed by a generic game simply playing off the name recognition and some token thematic elements. Boy was I wrong.Dragonfall reminds me of Neverwinter Nights in its prime-- it takes all the best components of the source material, reproduces them faithfully, rolls it up in an epic campaign, and hands you an experience that leaves you wanting to dust off your dice and throw down with some classic table-top action out of sheer nostalgia."
,Recommended,300550,22835202,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"In my opinion, this is the best of Harebrained's Shadowrun titles.  The story is more interesting than the other two games, and you gain the ability to level up your squad and develop deep relationships with each member.  I still fondly recall Eiger and Glory, and their complex backstories and motivations."
,Recommended,300550,14673515,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,"Pulled my trigger, now he's dead","Note: This is for Dragonfall only. Base game review is on Shadowrun Returns.+: Great graphics for an indie game, at some parts it is utterly amazing.+: Unlike the base game the story starts out great and keeps ramping up. The endings are generally all amazing and this is a 10/10 experience all the way through.+: The gameplay is really solid and this is a solid recreation of the tabletop experience as a turn based strategy RPG.+: People who played the original Genesis game will enjoy their homages to it, especially in the music. :)+: Workshop has a bunch of new campaigns you can play for free, some of which are really good.+: They fixed the issue of the base game not having many choices. There is now a plethora of choices which can affect the endings in many ways, and many of the skill trees that weren't useful in the base game are now extremely useful. Much better balanced.+: Unlike the base game they improved party members a lot in Dragonfall - your companions are a lot more engaging and likeable and feel much more like real people. Unlike the base game you can actually choose their skills as they improve too, which is awesome and really allows you to tailor the party the way you want it.+: The HUD is vastly improved compared to the base game and this feels much more like an AAA title.-: Other than some minor performance issues on my (admittedly low range) PC, I literally can't think of anything."
,Recommended,300550,23013343,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,timothyhale,"Went directly from the first Shadowrun game to this game. Spent an entire weekend devouring this title. The graphics are minimal, which works well. If you're coming in from XCOM to this, you'll notice the lack of eye candy. The simplicity feels retro without being forced.Overall game was fun. Here's hoping to many more titles from Harebrained Schemes!"
76561198035134262,Recommended,300550,22872125,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,tankfestohio,"This was such a great game! The story was amazing, well written and engaging.  I started over after realizing the stores add stock at certain points in the game. Check them often! The end scene (or what I thought was the end scene) gives you many choices to manipulate the ending to reflect your own moral compass. Afterward, there's an epilogue that ties everything together nicely.The only negative comment I have is that all of these Shadowrun games are standalone games. You don't get to import your character and continue where you left off.Hairbrained Schemes did a fantastic job. I'm going backward and beating the first, and then I'll pick up Hong Kong. I hope the continue to make expansions!By the way, if you want to use your team mates to full advantage, play a mage or adept. All other classes are represented, and represented well!"
76561198040565412,Recommended,300550,22831538,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sain240,"If you love turn based strategy RPGs, or if you love Shadowrun, this is the game for you. Customization is almost as detailed as the pen and paper RPG, and the combat reflects those choices quite well. The campaign is fun and replayable, and gives a great introduction to the world of Shadowrun for the uninitiated chummer.If you finish the game and want more (who doesn't?), then you can head over to the workshop and download new missions, or pop upen the mission creator yourself and make the level you wanted to play!All in all, its an amazing game, I can't recommend it more highly."
,Recommended,300550,22839202,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Flederlaus,"If you are into Shadowrun, this is worth giving it a try. Nice and interesting story line, with interesting characters and options to evolve the story line in your own way:+ atmospheric level setting+ good story line+ many ways to evolve yourself and the story lineTo consider: There is a lot to read. Not a minus point, as I really like it, but you won't be satisfied by Shadowrun games, if you are not into that.- UI ist not very comfortable at the beginning- character evolution is very time expensive and doesn't give you an ongoing ""Oh my god, I'm getting stronger and stronger""-feeling""Not a casual, mainstream, shiny 4k scale graphics game, with player pleasing functions to give you the feeling that you are almost before getting invincible - But I like it for that!"""
76561198030871925,Recommended,300550,23040374,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Daigotsu,Excellent sequel that gives you a story that really exemplifies the Shadowrun universe.
76561198026545146,Recommended,300550,23089493,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,b r a n d o n,An incredible classic RPG set in the Shadowrun Universe. I wish it didn't take me this long to discover this gem.
76561198054481231,Recommended,300550,22902243,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,N.Y.E.,"Such a fantastic game. Even for people with less patience for turn based games, like myself, this is really worth the money. I personally wouldn't recommend rushing through this game, as soaking yourself in the universe is really what pushes it beyond being a solid turn based RPG."
76561197995285816,Recommended,300550,22884934,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CGamer,"Absolute pearl. One of the best RPGs I've tried in a long time. Plot/setting felt very fresh after mainly having done Bioware games for a while.Combat got a bit repetitive towards the final mission, and I had regular issues in combat with taking actions I did not intend to and having to reload - not bugs, just the GUI occasionally being a nuisance.Too many RPGs punish you for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff, forcing you to occasionally glance at online resources if you're not willing to miss out on content. Props to these devs for earning my trust in their competence and even doing so quite early in the game."
76561198087110666,Recommended,300550,24244725,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,angilif27,"This was my favorite game out of all the Shadowrun installments! The gameplay was well balanced and gave you an opportunity to modify your characters the way you wanted to. I like the twists in the plot line and the characters were quite well written. There are some minor quirks here and there that I think should have been avoided, but non the less, the best game out of the series"
,Recommended,300550,24380714,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nicebob Ross #FTR,"Began as a DLC for Shadowrun: Returns, became a full game.Great story and has some nice improvements compared to Shadowrun: Returns."
76561198070673226,Recommended,300550,24380763,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Cinder,"Perhaps one of the best stories I've been able to play through on PC, enjoyable, challenging and thoroughly thought provoking.It's just good.♥♥♥♥in buy it."
76561198091878565,Recommended,300550,20937992,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yracham,It's not as awesome as the tabletop Shadowrun RPG. But this game gives you a great Shadowrun experience when a group of friends is not available.
76561198005344011,Recommended,300550,20377392,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ChihuahuaKing,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall if you were going to get just one of the three games [Returns, Dragonfall, Hong Kong] this would be the one I'd get; however I bought all three and enjoyed each."
76561198083536833,Recommended,300550,20352507,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Censored,"Futuristic turn based RPG with an overall Lo-Fi profile (Crowdfounded). Like the turn based parts that are pretty much reminding of the XCOM series. The options in developing characters make the game deeper than UFO. But: if you don´t like to read tons and tons of (acceptable or even good) storytelling, which is necessary to understand what you play, then you might better stay off this bugfree well crafted product. I personally really dislike reading that much and can´t play longer than 30 minutes at time. But because this works perfectly both on Windows (I play on 10) and Linux (Mint) I really appreciate the efforts. In my mid 30´s the story is acceptable, but at times sounds a like childish sci-fi. But hey I also dislike Star Wars and similar, so this shouldn´t be too important to you."
76561198035899388,Recommended,300550,20386507,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Strange_Mind,"I highly recomend this game. It has solid combat mechanics, a great user interface, and a fantastic story. It has a fair amount of replay value and a considerable moding community that offers additional campains and content. Compared to Shadowrun Returns, this game has a much less linear story with many optional quests and party members that are consistent and competent."
76561197985552030,Recommended,300550,20484557,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,InstantRegrets,A great Cyberpunk CRPG with very well done characters that I actualy cared about the story was beautiful the combat was awesome would recomend to anyone who like all those things.
76561198025888163,Recommended,300550,20341700,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Capra a hircus,"An improvement over the original game in almost every way, this is an engaging, complex, and lengthy RPG campaign that is a steal for the price. When you factor in Steamworks support and the large number of fan-made campaigns, even more so."
76561197969320416,Recommended,300550,20338915,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Barker Ashpaws,Excellent story. Nice graphics. Somewhat basic combat system. The game gets bigger and more complex as you play so don't be put off by the relatively simple beginnings.
76561198030498947,Recommended,300550,20329388,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,cerulean2709,"The Shadowrun series of video games are definitely the best cyberpunk rpg video games available right now. The stories are always evocative and in a world in which the significance of being human lessens, the plots always feel very personal and the characters sympathetic."
,Recommended,300550,20321834,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Slinks,"I'll be honest, I don't usually like this kind of game. Turn based, isometric rpg's. Hell I bought Pillars of Eternity, which is more or less universally loved, and played about two hours of it before just thinking ""eh"" and not playing it since. Not because it's bad or anything, it just...doesn't grab me.But this. This game gets me. This game is engaging, comfortable, interesting, beautiful and fun. Even though it came out in 2014, this is my favourite game of 2015. I can only recommend this. Buy it, chummer. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,300550,20460054,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Venoum,This thing is bloody awesome. That's all.
,Recommended,300550,20046243,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cyberpunk99x,"I only halfway reccomend this, Steam's thumbs up or down being another one of it's flaws. The game has a really great story but the battles are a SLOG, just an awful awful combat system. One of the few games I'd wager would be better as a visual novel. Unbelieveable. It makes me really nervous to play Shadowrun Hong Kong, I hope they haven't ""improved' much."
76561197976653425,Recommended,300550,20581466,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,punypunny,"(No spolier brief review). 8/10.This game improves substantially on its mediocre predecessor, Shadowrun Returns. You do not need to play Shadowrun Returns before playing Dragonfall. They are independent, though you would appreciate Dragonfall more if you've experienced the cyberpunk-fantasy world and learnt the gameplay mechanics playing Shadowrun Returns.Dragonfall has a compelling story, varied gameplay scenarios, good characterisation and improved environments. The plot is twisty and involving. Aside from the usual infiltration and firefight missions, there are great scenarios like a timed mission that is pulse-racing, and also a tense set-piece to fend off against waves of enemies.There were two very challenging hair-pulling missions, but overall the game is engagingly challenging but not overly difficult. This is a budget indie turn-based game, so don't expect graphics.Dragonfall is highly recommended!"
76561197999015480,Recommended,300550,20581882,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,the80srobot,This is the first game in a while to make me feel the same way that Fallout 1 or Baldur's Gate did. I loved every minute of it. A labor of love and an instant classic.
,Recommended,300550,20613198,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,schlonz,"Very good classical RPG in a cyberpunk setting. Turn based combat, well thought out story and good writing."
76561198011514592,Not Recommended,300550,20836879,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ramilito,"I play allot of isometric turnbased games and found this one abit boring, the AI was very stupid and even on hard difficulty nothing was challenging, sure i abused the AI but they made it way too easy, story was okay.Id recommend these games if you want interresting game mechanics witch i find allot better than shadowrun:Blackguards 2Divinity original sinPillars of eternityXCOM 2"
76561197985483054,Recommended,300550,20834531,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dandy,"Well worth the price, even better than the first game.  Make sure you dont forget the companion side quests."
76561198257261562,Recommended,300550,22243681,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rakyris,"I really like the overall playability of this game, I just wish it was a little more detailed and a bit longer. :-)"
,Recommended,300550,22251235,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Desther,"This game series is all about story, dialogs and alternative world it presents, because to be honest, the combat is simple (yet effective), there isnt any huge customization of characters other than +1armor/+3% to hit etc and some generic look changes, you dont have any freedom with exploring, there are mostly corridor maps etc. Gameplay wise this is much simpler Fallout2 (where Fallout2 is way ahead in most aspects). But it doesnt matter, because the story just shines and you just enjoy your play. I am pretty sure i did mine. Well done, can recommend for any oldschool RPG player who enjoy good story."
76561197980729035,Recommended,300550,22147114,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dutch,"Old school, turn-based, RPG fun. Story absorbs you. Characters you care about. Reminded me of playing Baldur's Gate 2 a little bit from back in the day. Great fun."
76561198116062702,Recommended,300550,22088859,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Black Templar,"A great game that caputes the world of shadow run.  With a community that will continualy grow and add to this world for years to come.  It allows you to play anyway you want, wether that be guns blazing or talking your way out of something."
76561198032074657,Recommended,300550,22171313,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BigBenBoulevard,"If you haven't played a Shadowrun game and enjoy turn based tactical games with good stories, I would highly recommend the series. This is my favorite of the three."
,Recommended,300550,21941516,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MrMoranXP,Very interesting game
,Recommended,300550,22101278,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,joeyk86,"Good story (though too much text for my liking), good mix of RPG and turn-based, simple UI."
89896767868777774,Recommended,300550,22458435,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TheRheaver,"A very good game that maitnains all of the great aspects of the last game including great writing, score, charecters and satisfying gamplay however i would only give this game a 7/10 due to its poor ending and overall lack of any fundemental elements of the game, i didnt notice much new in this game at all mechanics wise."
76561198035201319,Recommended,300550,22368555,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,asesinocharismo,Love this one
76561198021097531,Recommended,300550,22404933,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Marmel,"Almost 30 hours in and I am still not bored.  What a great game, better than the first one.10/10!"
76561198095356069,Recommended,300550,22369991,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,marcusthane,"great game with a great story, even good enough to read it thru since there is no voice acting. One major bug which commonly occurs when u go after the apex computer AI..the secret is not to save game at all in that sequence. Just use autosave if u need to quit game. Other then that it was a blast..have fun!!!"
,Recommended,300550,25374283,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nagate Tanikaze,I'm speechless. The dialogues are high level. It's a game you that you need to read a lot. But you get rewarded for reading because it's so well written. The choices you make along the way are meaninful and the game makes them hard for you to make. I don't recall another game's story that blew my mind this hard. Wow.
,Recommended,300550,17721854,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,White_Noise,"Definately one of my favorite games I've played in all my years of gaming.If you're looking for a phenominal story with great turn-based combat and atomsphere, this game is definately for you.You create your own character, and forge them the way you want them to be."
76561197975780975,Recommended,300550,25563827,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jon_Torbitt,"This is an excellent game that I was initialy unsure of due to the turn-based isometric style approach. That said, I really enjoyed the original XCOM and UFO games when they first came out (a very long time ago now) and soon took to this game. It can be fairly unforgiving if you charge in FPS style and expect to get away with it, often resulting in your team being crippled and no way to recover other than to forfeit the mission on harder levels.The dice rolling can be a little odd at times, with your top shooter missing frequently at point blank range yet making long range shots more often than not. It almost seems as if once they start to miss they keep missing? This does add to the tension though, and there is a genuine fear that you might not make it through, unlike most FPS/RPGs where you can simply take cover and wait for the auto heal to fix you. There is no auto heal when you drop out of combat and the next wave are just around the corner.However, the game is very enjoyable, particularly as you start to notice the small details and get more into the story. The old cliche of 'you get out what you put in' definitely applies to this game. Stick at it, grind out a few weapons and upgrades and you will be up and running in no time.One tip - when decking, take as many offensive programs as possible, plus APs. This will massively speed up your progress and forget the shields once you have an AP helping you. Am not finished the game yet but will be playing it again soon to race through another few missions."
,Recommended,300550,21757242,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,demiSpirit,"Lovely game with excellent writing. Those who are more interested in getting right to the gameplay will probably find the story segments too lengthy. But for those who play games for story and characters, this is a definite pick up. Gameplay is also pretty fun if you like more tactical, grid systems."
,Recommended,300550,21550127,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Fictive Prophet,"If I woke up tomorrow and found myself in Shadowrun Dragonfall Germany I'd probably♥♥♥♥♥♥myself because you could equip me with a machine gun and still defeat me armed only with a spoon, but DAMN it would be AWESOME!Like Shadowrun Returns it takes about a split of a second to fall in love with the future painted up by Harebrained Schemes and while it was a while ago now that I played, I still remember my companions from Dragonfall very fondly. Eiger is too this day my absolute favourite Troll ever. I wanna cuddle her and give her space both at once. It's complicated.The story is also incredibly memorable, taking some classic elements of the fantasy genre and completely reimagining them into the cyberpunk context of the game. If you enjoy story-rich games, then stop reading reviews and go get the game already!"
,Recommended,300550,21796845,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Krovoc,A massive improvement on an already fantastic game.
,Recommended,300550,20110060,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,konporer,"The quests/dialogue are surprisingly well desgined and written that imo puts the quests in games like Fallout4, AC, to shame, tho still mainly based on heavy descriptive text as the only way of presentation, the overall plot till the last moment is intense, suspenseful and well done, perfectly integrated into various meaningful and impactful choices.The combat however is a bit boring and slow, tho fresh and seemingly strategic at first, everything quickly boils down to take cover, take cover, take cover and shoot. There are also frustratingly too many misses (i appreciate their effort to mimic xcom, but without the deadly damage and expendable friendly units, every miss just gets frustratingly dumb), not that there is any depth to the combat tho to begin with,Nevertheless a really enjoyable ride and overall a pretty good game that is worthy of the price tag and your time if youre an RPG fan."
76561198042491113,Recommended,300550,21524014,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,amagi82,"Possibly the best SR game ever made. The story is fantastic, characters are all great, and the moral choices you have to make are hugely impactful and interesting. 10/10"
,Recommended,300550,20370213,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,snoot,"Enjoyable storyline, interesting gameplay. I particularly like the turn-based style they designed. The graphics are original and stunning, I loved the creativity in the design of the maps and the detail given to each area. I thought the story was well developed, really up until the very end I was still interested.Yet, there are some very -very- annoying problems throughout the game.For one, the probability of missing is atrocious. You could fire, 3 times in a row, 75+% hits and miss all three. For a turn-based, strategy combat game, this completely takes out the strat and leaves entire battles to chance.Two, there are some really basic failures in moving around the maps and interacting of objects, indicating that there was sloppy testing. I occasionally needed to click something 4 or 5 times to get it to intereact properly; and I would have to get my mouse right into a proper sliver to indicate I wanted to move to a square next to another character.Three, there are some options in the game that are entirely useless. I barely used Dietrich and some of the ""etiquettes"" language options are never used, or used only once, in contrast to the ""Street"" etiquette, which I saw at least 5 times. Decking was a silly exercise, read other reviews for elaboration.Overall, would recommend buying on sale, at least 15-20% off. Otherwise, not worth it for an unpolished game."
76561198116106491,Recommended,300550,20704420,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Blitz,First time into the series & I was hooked in 30 minutes.If you are into Turn Based Strategy Games you should have this in your library.If there's onething that I could ask for is would be voice narratives as sometimes reading line after line could be a pain and if your not focused start over again :)
,Recommended,300550,20138725,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,chrstnmonks,Music is great.I really love the music. I like the game very well. Choices are there. Also I thought the companions where well done. It was intersting playing someone on the outside of society.
76561198053583641,Recommended,300550,20136002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Amanda dark fang,this game was well worth the purchase i was kinda afraid to try it at first so i bought it and gave it a shotas it stands its the best shadowrun experience dont buy hongkong or Boston lockdown there terriblebest one in this whole series is definitely Dragonfall very fun game indeed i love it
,Recommended,300550,17394130,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Monkeymusic,"Dragonfall isn't the perfect turn-based RPG by any means, however the pros of this game greatly outweigh the cons. Dragonfall uses the shadowrun mechanics and setting to tell a stunning sci-fi tale. You take the role as the leader of a group of shadowrunners and go on missions that allow you to play as whatever type of person you want. Want to murder everyone? Go Ahead. Want to make deals and be sly? You can do that too. The way you play is very customizable from how you fight and what you know, down to the actions you take.Pros:-Solid RPG with choices throughout that affect mission endings and story.-Good plotline and story-Lots of replayability story wise and battle wise-Very customizable characters-Has some well made mods for even more play time and new experiencesCons:-The game still has freezing problems-A Decker is almost entirely necessary all the time-Battles are frustratingly slow at times"
,Recommended,300550,17401082,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Tally,Amazing cyberpunk-fantasy CRPG. Not much more to be said.
76561198103026246,Recommended,300550,17157245,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PrinnyParis,"It's Cyberpunk, play it."
,Recommended,300550,17162951,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Aquarius,"I started this immediately after completing Shadowrun Returns and what a vast improvement Dragonfall is. That's not to say Returns is bad, its just that Dragonfall does everything better. You have a fully fleshed out core crew to run with this time, each with their own stories, and a nice hub to operate out of which is a character all its own. There's multiple ways to go about runs and some extra runners to choose besides your core crew. It doesn't feel quite as linear as Returns did but the story and setting are much more expansive, complimented by another great soundtrack that adds so much to the atmosphere.My only complaints are building the crew's skills is a bit shallow and I wish you could control each crew member individually outside of combat. I encountered a couple of minor bugs where I had to either reload to an earlier point or restart the game, nonetheless its still easily a 9/10 game."
,Recommended,300550,16984808,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,tiny m,"Welcome to the Sixth World, chummer.Watch your back, conserve ammo, and never cut a deal with a Dragon."
,Recommended,300550,17188300,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,senator02103,"Hi there!First and foremost I will mention that I do not plan to provide a synopsis as there is a pretty good one on the store page already.If you've played Shadowrun Returns: Dead Mans Switch and enjoyed it I can say with certainty that you will enjoy this game, myself I played DMS and quite enjoyed it.Story:The story in my opinion is excellent, the side stories are also excellent.I often found myself lost in several of the stories as the game progressed, especially your crews story missions.(Glory, her quest line was awesome...not because I have some sort of crush on the character...no not at all)If you're familiar with the SR universe you already know what atmosphere to expect from a game set in the SR universe.Gameplay:If you like turn based combat, top down point n' click RPG's that require the ability to strategise then look no further.This vs SR:R DMS it's more refined and it's more of a challenge, a rewarding one at that.Music:Has all the same music as SR:R DMS and some more, it's all fitting for the story and genre.Final Thoughts:In one of the final scenes before credits you and your team go back to your safe house and each member of the team has their final piece of dialogue summing up their thoughts and feelings on how the game turned out, this scene had me a little bit sad because I had to say goodbye to these fictional characters I grew way too attached to by the end of it because for the 42 or so hours I played...we went through some stuff.(A testament to how well written the plot and characters are in this game.)Bottom line is....I recommend the purchase and if you're unsure about it put it on your wishlist and wait for it to come on sale because it's worth paying for.Laters Chummer."
76561197991438207,Recommended,300550,17409781,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,coolkyote,"Good story telling/character interaction. Well laid out missions. Improves on Return with more challenges. One mission in particular had me almost annoyed to the point of no return as it kept crashing over and over, and nothing anynone else worked. This is the Apex mission, and had to re-load about 8 times and go through a 20-30 min battle each time just to get to the crash point. Finally worked on my eigth try. No advice worked other than just to re-do as I wasn't using any spells, summons, quicksaves, etc."
,Recommended,300550,16292367,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jewillis05,"Enjoyable turn-based gameplay with engaging story line.  Looking forward to more options, skills, equipment in next release (Hong Kong)."
,Recommended,300550,23748397,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wayne The Train,The Dragonfall campaign is a very engaging story.  The depth of the characters and their stories was very immersive.  This is a great Shadowrun game/story.  HIGHLY reccomend.
,Recommended,300550,18640238,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ankkuri,"If you like isometric turn-based RPGs, play this game! A compelling futuristic cyberpunk+fantasy combo story and interesting combat. Not quite up there in the high skies among D:OS or POE, but close. No voice acting at all tho, so prepare for a lot of reading. 7/10"
,Recommended,300550,24068185,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,objectivepurity,This is one of the best games I've played in a while xcom turn bases style combat and rpg elements make this a great game
,Recommended,300550,24065235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,marswh,The Director's Cut is an excellent sequel to Shadowrun Returns. Good replayability.
76561198070016690,Recommended,300550,24029037,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,R0nin,"Engrossing story, nice lore, interesting conversations and plots."
76561198021307248,Recommended,300550,23907007,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Apeonaut,"Fantastic turn based rpg, as lots of people have said, very much like the old Fallout 1 & 2 games. Decent amount of customisation, fantastic story telling. A game not for the sleepy...lots of reading involved! Well worth the nuyen whilst it is on sale!"
76561198120990805,Recommended,300550,23911231,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tom Mischief,"Only one of the best cyberpunk tactical RPG in the past 10 years.Shadowrun Returns was good (7/10), Dragonfall DC is much better (8-9/10). Hong-Kong is 0.5 a point better than Dragonfall - a bit more chatty though and not everyone might like that."
76561197974180390,Recommended,300550,24002618,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[BL]FlikMortale,Only a past the first mission and can already tell...Worth it.I was part of the kickstarter for the first revamp of Shadowrun.It was fun but it definitely needed some improvements.This... was it.. gameplay and movement is smooth.It doesn't feel nearly as confusing. the hi def scale in the options is perfect for smaller frame or touch devices.100% recommend. I'm already tied to the story and yeah...
76561198115716715,Recommended,300550,23958724,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Herr Krampus,"This is hands down my favorite game of all time. The story was amazing, with interesting characters, compelling world, and a fun mysterious plot. Gameplay is strategic turnbase and true can be frustrating at times probably just cause I'm bad at strategy but it was still very enjoyable. Overall game was one of the best I have played in a while, and my personal favorite."
,Recommended,300550,23944264,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DenialOfDeath,"I dont usually play games like this. But it was on sale, I enjoyed the art ""why not?"".One of the best decisions I've done on steam.The universe of this game is rich and interesting.The characters are very captivating. the dialogs and the background story are very well written.The game is incredibly fun, I thought I would struggle to enjoy the graphics or the battle system, but it is really fun. A lot.I didnt have such a good gaming experience in ages.worthy every cent.sorry for the grammar."
,Recommended,300550,23860912,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,grand_master_moo,I've been playing Shadowrun on paper since 1996 and this game captures every element perfectly. High fantasy meets science fiction in this distopian future setting.
76561198014157371,Recommended,300550,23824740,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,aykeem,"Really, really good modern take on the classical RPG. Combat is pretty complex (not so much as an actual tactical strategy game, but close enough), so is the character advancement system, there are quite a few battles that you can skip through various scripted means (smooth talking or activating various environmental actions), the characters are well developed and each of your team mates has a story that you get to discover along the way (by ways of optional missions) and the story is really, really good and well written.Even if the spell gets broken from time to time, when you can see through the dialog, to the not so subtle jabs at modern society, the game really gives you a feeling of writing your own story by giving a lot of dialog choices and quite big story-related choices that will heavily affect the ending. If you've got an aversion for stories of anarchism, a bit of social justice, ecology or accumulation of wealth and power in the hands of the few, you might not like the story that much (although the dialog choices you're given allow your avatar to rebuke all that).There's also quite a bit of point-and-click adventuring to be done and the game's mechanics avoid turning it into pixel hunting, which is great.Just keep in mind that it's still an isometric classical RPG with some modern twists. If you're not a fan of running around and talking to people, don't expect miracles. It is also not an open world RPG and even if it manages to not feel very linear through a couple of tricks, it is very much a linear experience."
76561198152872531,Recommended,300550,23832712,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,teknifix1,"Overall I loved the story and the characters.  I like the setting, the decking, etc.  It was a little short, but it was definitely entertaining.  Well worth it."
,Recommended,300550,17764141,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,RadiatedImp,Improved on Shadowrun returns mechanics a lot.Also gave you a dedicated squad for runs.9/10 with a thumbs up.That i can't decide between Eiger and Glory for best waifu disturbs me.
76561198042342015,Recommended,300550,23495064,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ericc555,"Really fun tactical SRPG with old school 2d backgrounds (awesome, gritty artwork and steampunk subject matter).  I bought Shadowrun Hong Kong first and couldn't get into it, so I was very skeptical about this one, but after reading the reviews decided to give it a shot.  Interestingly, both games have almost identical game engines and are set up very similarly, but the way this game flows makes for a completely different experience.  I've on[y played through the first few missions, but the story so far is really engrossing and very easy to follow, where Hong Kong was very disjointed and difficult to understand (at least for me).  Anyway, just so you know, you cannot rotate the screen as you can in most SRPG's.  At first I thought this was a negative, but after getting used to it, I think it works out just fine particularly given the art style.Anyway, great game with a great story so far.  Big thumbs up.H"
76561198085206138,Recommended,300550,23004524,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TDime420,"I swear, it only feels like 16 hours"
,Recommended,300550,23210265,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,karnisov,best writing in the series + Glory's side quest is excellent.
76561198098778067,Recommended,300550,23446337,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Galanii,With the ability to make custom games you have unlimited replay value and plenty of stories to see.
76561198032841643,Recommended,300550,17628188,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SupidSeep,"Bought this game on a discount.Played it for over 100 hours, 3 complete runthroughts with different builds (Physical Adept, Decker/Rigger, Street Sam/Decker) plus a couple of runs that I stopped in endgame.Loved it so much I backed the Shadowrun: Hong Kong kickstarter.  Thank you, Harebrained Studios.-----------------------------------------------------Graphics:Basic.  Don't expect anything nice.  I grew up on Baldur's Gate and can happily accept this level of graphicsCombat:Turn Based style like X-Com: Enemy Unknown reboot, though not as polished.  Not bad once I got used to it.Storyline:Nice.  To spoil it slightly, a simple ""milkrun"" went south and the Player Character is tapped to lead the team through the fallout alive.  Some parts of the story (beginning/end) is on a rail, but the centre is more free-formed in that one gets to pick different missions and is not required to finish everything to move on (though the extra helps as always). Only part of the ending I dislike is the railroading but the twists are quite surprising."
76561198041940717,Recommended,300550,17630300,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Talos,This game is an amazing cRPG.If you don't like cRPGs? This may be a good chance to hop into one of the better ones.A great narrative and great tactical gameplay.All around great.Shadowrun ftw
76561198082005800,Recommended,300550,17536948,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Xaume,The system and items in this game is almost the same as the previous one. It is basicly a more polished version with a different story.The main difference is that players can customized their teammates somewhat. You can also learn about them through their side quests
,Recommended,300550,17705870,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Abyssus_j,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall remains true to the Hairbrained Schemes Shadowrun Trillogy and makes a number of significant improvements to both the story line and gameplay.As I mentioned in my review of Shadowrun Returns, this trilogy is not an action packed beat-em-up and you need to be in the right frame of mind to read an emerce yourself in long dialog and the plot to get the most ouf ot this game. Dialog skipping will take away most of the enjoyment."
76561197970595465,Recommended,300550,17117081,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Papa Mazdamundi,"Great game. What else is there to say? if you enjoy cyberpunk settings, strong writing and lovely XCOM combat, its for you."
,Recommended,300550,17173935,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Kustomrig.fi,"Really good game if you like Shadowrun RPG's, has intresting storyline that keeps changing. In terms of gfx its pretty simple so not alot is required from hardware."
,Recommended,300550,17184859,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Top-notch cyberpunk RPG with free-form mission fulfillment, intense combat, and a well-written storyline."
,Recommended,300550,14266913,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hungri Terri,"Amazing soundtrack, great setting and RPG mechanics, A++. This game is awesome."
,Recommended,300550,16027199,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Arazand,Great throw back to turn-based RPG's. The story was awesome!
,Recommended,300550,18593303,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ferris,"This is the best introduction to the Shadowrun Returns series. The campaign is better than it was in SR Returns in just about every way imaginable. If you have any interest in these games, start here."
,Recommended,300550,18809907,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,vanillastuffing,definetly worth it if you want magical xcom
76561197986747262,Not Recommended,300550,18931460,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Razide,"So, I've read a lot of reviews for this game, and they're generally very positive, which I feel doesn't tell the whole story.SR: Dragonfall does have a great story, and is initially very fun. Reminiscent of games like Baldur's Gate or Fallout, but once you get deeper in, it has some really terrible design deicions, that make it a frustrating experience to play.Whenever you start a mission, you have to pick out your team, before you know what you're going up against. Some missions it's great to have a sniper, other missions you'd rather have your shaman with you. The problem is that you don't get any intel on these sort of things before starting, and once you've started the mission, you can't reselect your team members. Not even if you fail the mission and die, which leaves you stuck with a losing team combination, trying the same mission over and over.Tied in with this issue, the games auto-save system always overwrites the latest autosave, so if you want to be able to go back more than one save, you have to save manually all the time. If you don't and you make a mistake (such as selecting the wrong team mates, or bringing the wrong gear), then you're back to being stuck. The first time I played through, I got to the final battle, brougth the wrong crew with the wrong gear, and couldn't finish the mission. Didn't have anything other than the auto-saves, and literally had to start a new game from scratch. There was just no way to beat that mission with the team I had brought, and no way to select a new team and new gear after you died.There are also problems with the balancing of the different classes. If you pick a melee class, such as physical adept, you won't get very far in this game. You do less damage, you have to spend action points just to buff yourself up to do halfway decent damage, and once you get into close combat, the enemy just moves away and shoots you from a distance again. Close combat specialists spend 90% of the action points running around trying to get to their targets. On the other hand, going ranged combat and stacking points in rifle is just so much stronger than any of the other options, that there's really no reason to attempt anything else. A street-samurai with ranged combat spec does the same damage as a damage specced mage, but can take a hell of a lot more punishment.So yeah, SR: Dragonfall has a nice story and a cool atmosphere, but these design choices can seriously cut down on the fun you'll have."
76561198081357984,Recommended,300550,18936855,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,glomarthe3rd,THE MUSIC. THE ART. THE COMBAT. THE STORYLINE.There is nothing not to love.
76561198076365408,Recommended,300550,18938459,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,zekitbot,"A neo-anarchist cyberpunk dream game. Highly recommended for fans of Planescape: Torment and Fallout 1 & 2. Without giving spoilers, I laughed out loud at the cleverness of one particular sidequest-- a run for bioware enhancement samples for a disgraced doctor. (A bit like the tone of the dystopian movie Brazil.)Although Shadowrun character creation is daunting (I played with character builds alone for 5+ hours), I'd buy all the game devs a soykaf for the solid central storyline and side missions."
76561198213130971,Recommended,300550,18928806,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mackbesse,"I just finished the Director's cut, having played the first version.The game was replayable and the five new missions were interesting (one is especially funny, and one is especially sad).Pros :- Berlin is a wonderful setting (the anarchist state is such a good idea !)- The cyberpunk aesthetic is very well rendered- A well balanced and challenging enough turn-based tactic game (if played in ""Very hard"" mode)- A good mix between RPG and tactical games- Excellent side stories (the NPC become very interesting, like real people, not just assets)- The player faces real choices, and sometimes hard dilemmas.- ReplayableContras :- Minor bugs- Some PC templates and carreers are weak as their main attributes are not useful during the RPG phase (ie. Physical Adept) ; at the opposite stand the Decker and the Shaman.- The inventory (objects cannot be given during the mission, only before)- A little bit short (25-30 hours)Conclusion : A very well written and immersive story, a love letter to the cyberpunk genre and a very good turn-based game.Let's call it a gem.By the way, it is even better than Shadowrun : Hong-Kong, and much better than Shadowrun Returns, which story lacks of a good twist."
76561198022285600,Recommended,300550,18858915,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Killuah,"Deep and enthralling story, with great dialogues."
,Recommended,300550,18872146,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ding Ding Dong,"The game is long and immersive, the characters are nicely-rounded and at least 2 of your party members are not a dead weight/useless bullet attractors.The writing is solid, I've rarely been presented with dialogue options none of which I would prefer, and there aren't all that many exposition dumps: 2 or 3 throughout my 15 hour playthrough. The storyline progresses smoothly with rising and falling tensions and ties up nicely at the end. Not to say that there aren't occasional contrivances (""Help me! -- Okay, but I don't have the required X. -- Then I'm going to kill you!"" tier), but nothing as bad as, say, Pillars of Eternity nonsense.The gameplay itself is nice and functional, discounting the following: a) Pointing the mouse at an enemy and aiming at them are not always the same thing, especially with other characters in the way; b) no rotating camera on the horisontal axis, so you are stuck with one point of view (which leads to point (a) often than not); c) interaction animations are really long (it isn't noticeable when the dialogue prompt appears or the level transitioning occurs, but teeth-grindingly awful when you're picking up several items in a row, with the pickup animation being uncancellable and it messing up with your highlight mode). Everything else is, as I said, fine.Also, much better than Shadowrun Returns, although that's not too big of an accomplishment."
,Recommended,300550,18826530,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Trackman,"Definitely worth the $3 I paid. It lasts probably 20 hours I would say. I like the setting and combat. I played a pure ranged rifleman, which was very powerful. The story was decent and there are many choices to make.A few things bothered me. Party members are usually very bad compared to your created one. Customizing them is far to simple and lacking. No morality system, good, evil, really only affects ending. Think there should be more weapons available.8/10"
,Recommended,300550,28813836,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nes Cartridge,This game did the one thing I had thought impossible. It made me binge a non-fps game and enjoy every last moment of it.
,Recommended,300550,28815080,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Putang Inang,They had me at Street Samurai.
,Recommended,300550,28914937,Posted: 1 January,all,Defy.Or.Die,"A fine turn-based game with plenty of story-driven heft and decent tactical play despite its unrealized potential and sometimes exasperating mechanics. Though brief in scope and with unsatisfying character progression, I enjoyed the plot complications, its dynamic use of choice, and NPC interactions enough to keep me looking forward to another run on a more difficult setting. And for the price I paid, this game will long be remembered."
,Recommended,300550,17005673,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,thsouza2501,"Your cyberpunk-fantasy-classic-style-RPG fix is here, chummer!"
76561198077298498,Recommended,300550,29087937,Posted: 7 January,all,professor polar bear,"the artwork the simple but fun gamplay , the well freshed out story its now one of my favourite games ever a turn based classic 10/10"
,Recommended,300550,29111085,Posted: 8 January,all,Pali,"Do you like turn-based RPGs? Then you have to play this game, as simple as that.Its writing is impeccable, this game has one of the best writings ever. They picked up a lot of common and very known topics and made a weird, crazy story. It's truly an achievement what they did in this regard. Even if the game was a disaster in every other area, it'd still be a 'must' just because of its writing and story.And it has its flaws obviously, like any other game. The menus for instance, are not very friendly. You'd feel a lot of information is being thrown at you right from the get go, almost inevitable to feel a bit lost and confused at the beginning. And I'd say its major flaw will be its overall skill mechanics, hard to understand at first and then one that's very hard to feel comfortable with.However none of it had any considerable impact on my gameplay, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and put up a good 46 hours of fun on my first run.The combat is super fun and challenging and sometimes punishing. You better get accostumed to press that F5 and quicksave in this game, otherwise you'll a few rage episodes.One that will be considered a classic in the genre, if not already."
,Recommended,300550,29130688,Posted: 8 January,all,Undead Rufus,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall is a narrative-driven cyperpunk/fantasy RPG with turn-based combat, and it's one of the better gaming experiences I've had in recent years.-----PRO:-The story is second to none with some of the best prose I've ever read in a game.-A small but unique and memorable cast of major characters.-Turn-based fights break no new ground, but the combat is diverse and manages to be mostly interesting.-Graphics are simple, but the stylish art conveys a gritty mood that's true to the franchise. A clever character creation system matches a 2D portrait to the chosen 3D preset.-GREAT soundtrack.CON:-Low-poly character models, and a lot of animations are very stiff. A fair number of blatantly recycled assets appear over and over throughout the game (and this applies to ambient audio as well).-Certain fights are just too long, sometimes devolving into frustration, and get in the way of moving the story forward.-The game is at times a bit too ""retro"" for its own good (e.g. describing a ventilation diagram in great detail instead of just showing it). Also, the video game-ified Shadowrun ruleset can make progression feel like a highly restricted crawl, and too few dialogues compensate for this by allowing team members to pick up the slack for the player character's weaknesses.-Non-crew shadowrunners for hire need to bring a bit more to the table, or there needs to be more chances to earn disposable income. As it is, money is precious, and the hirelings just aren't worth it.-Late in the game, a few moderately important NPCs are missing portraits. I don't know if the art budget ran out or what, but these omissions were very noticeable.-----All in all, despite a handful of minor issues, Dragonfall is a must-play for anybody interested in old-school-inspired role-playing with an A-grade story."
,Recommended,300550,29135895,Posted: 8 January,all,Renegade Master,"I had no exposure to Shadowrun before playing this game, but its a memorable story & text heavy RPG that is a must play for anyone who likes RPG or turn based games.  It was a decent challenge on Hard difficulty wherein I died 10 or so times during the playthrough, and would recommend it on Very Hard for RPG experts.  I have plenty of praise for nearly all aspects of the game, so here's my few minor annoyances with the game that players should know:-Cannot view NPCs' inventory & stats until after selecting a mission: Only parts of their inventory & stats can be derived from their window used to level them up.  Had to screenshot their stats & inventory after selecting a mission.-Non obvious item ""loaning"" to NPCs: Their inventory is fixed, and their items can only be changed by choosing their upgrades when they level up. An empty slot, inventory or weapon, can be filled with an from your stash. If they die, you don't get the items back that you loaned them.-Cannot Rewind to being in home town/base between missions: You can only rewind to autosaves during a mission, and also...-Non obvious Save & Rewind system: I accidentally triggered a manual save because I wasn't sure how far the ""Save & Quit"" went.-Tough to move a character next to certain friendlies or enemies on rare occasions: About a dozen times in my playthrough, this wasn't possible because the game would select the friendly or enemy instead of the location I wanted to move a character to.-Issues when changing action type with double click actions: If actions are configured to occur after a double click, and a map location is selected to perform an action followed by clicking a different type of action (attack, spell, etc), then sometimes the AP spend stat won't update after picking the new action.  Keep in mind that a single extra click on the pre-selected map location will confirm the last action clicked, even if the action was updated sinceu the same map location was initially clicked.-Meh Medic NPC on crew: Instead of the Medic NPC for missions, I picked the Shaman since he had a heal spell. In the late game, I added a heal spell to my character.  Medic experience may vary on Very Hard.-A couple items have their description text cutoff: For two of these items I believe that text describing the item's actual modifiers was cut off.-Useless text speed option: Text is displayed ASAP regardless of what I set it to."
,Recommended,300550,29141937,Posted: 9 January,all,1G86,"I did not play Shadowrun: Dragonfall which was supposed to be just an expansion of the original game. I'm really glad that I was able to nab this for free when I decided to buy it in its early state. I don't know what kind of additional content was put into the original release -- not that it matters now, as the only version that can be purchased is this one.While hints of  Seattle can be found in the game, Dragonfall is a campaign of its own. While I haven't actually finished the campaign yet, I would probably say that it won't really be anything other titles have told countless of times before: Uncover an ancient evil's plot, obscured by side quests, but eventually lead into a final confrontation where all of the known world hangs in the balance.Not to say that it isn't cleverly presented or written. The same care and wit remains in this installment of the game. More importantly, however, is that this German successor took its time to develop a cast of characters that you will get a stronger attachment to compared to the Seattle title. You will always be free to run with faceless runners (which you have to pay for... what the hell for, right?) but you will eventually grow to love the constant cast of broken and dark characters that the new campaign has thrown in your way. Their side quests give you pause in the main objective that is worthwhile -- something that I found lacking in the Seattle Campaign.That aside, you more or less set out with the same streamlined system that we fell in love with during the first campaign. Don't ask me any level of improvements on skills and customization, as I only played the first title once with a Decker. I decided to roll out with a Physical Adept this time, and I have been having a neat time with it. Given that there no drastic changes or additions to the line-up of races or classes, I would probably say that the class customization still runs deep. One could easily just fall into the usual template of classes or mix Steel and Arcane to whip up something else altogether.I would probably say that combat challenges are more difficult this time around but not to any serious degree.  But I do not intend to jack up the difficulty to prove otherwise either.Again, I strongly recommend this to slow down from the usual fast-paced and glossy finished treats modernity has to offer. Reading through blocks of bent and twisted cyberpunk street talk made more twisted with German whatnot is a complete joy."
76561198320452402,Recommended,300550,28951674,Posted: 2 January,all,allino,SUPER turn-base action >:)
,Recommended,300550,29214937,Posted: 12 January,all,Gabriel Tiraboschi,"A good cyberpunk cRPG with quality writting. Has some flaws especially in user interface and lack of some features, but worth the price."
,Recommended,300550,29590548,Posted: 30 January,all,Solitude,I just love these Shadowrun games. I only wish they were longer.
76561198126335987,Recommended,300550,29742006,Posted: 6 February,all,Jan V,"Lovely game with a great story, so easy to get addicted!"
,Recommended,300550,29800720,Posted: 9 February,all,tunikb,"Shadowrun: Dragonfall feels like an ode to classic RPG's. Even though it lacks the 'real' Open-World and with it the sense of freedom and exploration, it still feels good. More in the sense of reading a cool cyberpunk book (yes, this game entails a lot of reading) and have it accompanied with artwork and a worthy soundtrack. The turn-based fighting system does everything right, still gets a little repetitive towards the end of the game.I guess this is your best bet, if you need to bridge the waiting time until we all get our cyberpunk fix with the new cd projekt game."
76561198134542037,Recommended,300550,30026703,Posted: 18 February,all,lordgrizz,"If you are into the Shadowrun world, this will be a nice surprise. I found the story engaging, and the action challegeing. Really liked the expanded cyber/bio ware."
,Recommended,300550,29752115,Posted: 6 February,all,matorin57(DM-GM-BM),"Pros:-Great Story-Gameplay is solid, classic turn based combat off of the table top version-The talent tree actually does alot and effects how you play-The characters are really well developed and diverse in personality-The setting is amazing, visually and allNuetral:-Lots of Text (not really con if you don't mind reading) and there is no voice acting, which I feel in the end helps becuase they could put more diversity in the conversations for less money-Pretty Long storyCons:-Not really that difficult, I only had 1-2 encounters that really stopped me, and the strategy never gets too much deeper than flanking, take good cover, and optimizing the posisiton and weapons of your team-The UI for configuring your team confused me at first, but you get used to it-The team discards any items you give them at the end of an encounter-The hit boxes can be quite annoying to trigger sometimes"
76561198037038152,Recommended,300550,29562134,Posted: 29 January,all,Blacketh,Very rich story that got me hooked. Love it.
76561197963270838,Recommended,300550,29683097,Posted: 3 February,all,ApeBot,"My favourie of the 3 shadorun rpgs. Still reccomend to play shadorun  returns 1st, even though this sequel improves on it in all departments."
,Recommended,300550,12532814,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Einer Von Denen,"This is a standalone story and you do not need to play the previous title to understand everything. Knowledge of the Shadowrun Universe is not required either to be immersed in the story.  In my opinion you can skip Shadowrun Returns entirely and just play this because in my opinion this is the best entry of all the Shadowrun Games (including the new one in Hong Kong).I really liked the plot, the characters and their backstories They made this whole universe much more believable. However I do not think the combat was objectively very good. I enjoyed it but at times I wished I didn't have to fight so much. Don't get me wrong, the combat is okay but it is not outstandingly good and I think it was a little bit bland at times. The plot and all the story elements were the fun thing for me. There is no voice-over though. Be prepared to read a lot. I heard this was a problem for some people nowadays.If you are interested in the Shadowrun universe, a dystopian setting and turn based RPG experiences you should definitely check this out."
,Recommended,300550,29869900,Posted: 12 February,all,Lizardwizard,"As a fan of classic RPG-games, I strongly recommend this game. Interesting world, interesting characters and multiple choices to be made. Encourages to be played multiple times."
,Recommended,300550,27872879,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sarkis,I've played this game over and over. I'm pretty into cyberpunk writing and this captures the world and tone perfectly.
,Recommended,300550,27884814,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nervmaster,The best shadowfall experience I got with. The story and writing are just superb.And I got satisfied with my playthrough with my character. Just felt right for my character I did not get the feeling as I get with RPG with dialogues choices that I am missing a great deal by not getting all dialog choices. On my playthrought there were several situations I couldn't talk it out but the mayhem afterwards was really fun and I felt that it was compelling for my character as well.This story is so much better than Shadowrun Returns and more interesting and compelling than Hong Kong.
,Recommended,300550,28007630,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Et tu?,"This game is what introduced me to Shadowrun.  Overall it is a great/tactical turn-based isometeric RPG.  The icing on the cake is the very unique and very well fleshed out world.  The story in this game grabbed me and put me on a roller coaster until the end.  This game has its moments when it questions morality and sometimes the ""good"" choice is never clear.The world and lore are amazing.  Look into the table-top RPG it's based on.9/10"
76561197995427814,Recommended,300550,28016817,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Blade Tiger,"The interface was a bit clunky and took some getting used to, and balance was such that I felt overpowered by the end of the game, but the plot was an extremely interesting and satisfying experience and I felt genuinely attached to all the major characters I was working with.  I'd never done anything with Shadowrun before this, but this felt like a great introduction to the setting."
76561198004293063,Recommended,300550,28315851,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mr.m13,a worthy installment to the shadow run game series.
76561198055693505,Recommended,300550,28413525,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Badpanzer,old school fun
,Recommended,300550,17956408,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,hirsaer,"i didn't back shadowrun returns because i love the pen and paper gamer and didn't believe this scenario can be transferred to a pc game.later i bought shadowrun returns during a sale and was only half impressed.it was fun to play for me as a pen and paper player but i wouldn't recommend to my friends.next steps was obviously dragonfall... and it is one of the games i recommended most in the last couple of months!great story, i was even sad when the story ended (normally i am happy to switch to the next game)."
76561198081775536,Recommended,300550,28094988,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,X-Force,"Hi! The only Shadowrun i ever played was the one on Sega and yeah at the time it rocked! This game has a few drawbacks like the screen not scrolling so the action starts and i move mouse towards the running figures and nothing i have to find them with the wasd and thats annoying. Also i remember when you jacked into matrix in the sega game you were facing the ic. you fought it, and then you moved thru a map node--idk wtf is going on in this version there are data blocks!? i can hide behind and then im doing melee in cyberspace ijdk about the new system i liked the older one felt like i was really hacking into a mainframe and jumping thru nodes of course it is early on so maybe that will come later anyways the whole thing has a rushed generic feel to it after about ten minutes of reading my eyes hurt (only voice i heard was a grunt when that chicks brain got fried) and my choices dont matter at all seems like im just following a script so...would i recommend? why not if you have the dough and can handle flatness, seems flat to me. Im still playing so if things change i'll re-review!"
76561198026388539,Recommended,300550,27340700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phraven,"A deep, tactical, story rich RPG within a highly stylized cyberpunk/fantasy setting. One of the originators of the top-down isomentic RPG revival and still among the finest of them. If you enjoyed the combat of X-COM but wanted a greater freedom of character development and a substantially more intriguing story, this is the game for you.But don't stop at just this one. Pick up the original Shadowrun Returns and Shadowrun: Hong Kong as well. While Dragonfall is easily the finest of the trilogy, all three are excellent games and promise 30-40 hours of play each for a single run through. If Baldur's Gate was too lengthy for you to ever finish, these games might be just what you're looking for."
,Recommended,300550,28119865,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Xaerin,"A 2D isometric RPG with turn based combat. Some noticeable improvements from Shadown: Returns such as transitions between interior and exterior environments that don't require waiting at loading screens and the environments of Berlin look more fleshed out and detailed.Playing through the story and and most of the side missions took around 30 hours, at least twice as long as Shadowrun: Returns, so a good meaty amount of gameplay here.Overall I'd say if you like the shadowrun universe or enjoy turn based combat games like xcom then it's a great purchase, however you need to be aware that even 4 years after release there are some serious bugs in combat that can freeze up play and require restarting a long fight scene. One trick I found was to hit Ctrl+F1 to bring up the console then close it again and try clicking boxes until it responded but YMMV.4/5"
76561197994280250,Recommended,300550,28262202,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dokterschlonz,"Quite nice tbs adventure, nothing mindblowing, oldskool solid."
,Recommended,300550,28240079,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SHADOWxLEAGUE,"One of the best stories I've ever experienced in a video game. (Sadly not THAT high of a bar to pass) Rivals the stories of KOTOR 1 and Planescape: Torment quality wise. Gameplay reminds me of XCOM, so if you like that, you'll like this. Absolutely recommend it. I've even started reading one of the books now.Oh yeah, the soundtrack is phenomenal too. youtube it."
,Recommended,300550,28637042,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chips,"Game is really hard, cant pass the first level on easy mode. I'll keep trying, the game looks like a lot of fun."
,Recommended,300550,17413068,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Metaphysical Fart Cloud,My personal 2014 game of the year. One of the best RPGs I've played in a very long time.
76561198080586386,Recommended,300550,32420756,Posted: 14 June,all,palominocentaur,"Fantastic game. Original ambience, storyline and characters.  The gameplay itself is a bit stilted (dated) but not enough to dull the edge of good writing and a captivating plot. This is one of a handful of games over the years that left me nostalgic for more."
,Recommended,300550,32737630,Posted: 24 June,all,stupid_angry_russian,I like it.
76561197992353193,Recommended,300550,32735256,Posted: 24 June,all,CrazyIvan,I want more Shadowruns!!
76561198070988914,Recommended,300550,32859069,Posted: 27 June,all,fede1989,"The best of the three Shadowrun games, the chararcters are interesting, the story is well told and the combat varies a lot depending on the class you choose. It also has a lot of replay value."
76561198070014655,Recommended,300550,32945318,Posted: 28 June,all,Chef Medic,"My GOD, this is fun.Aggravating when your huge Cyberzombie does practically nothing, but fun."
,Recommended,300550,27027115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The_Drow,"This is by far the best Shadowrun game out for PC.  It's story line is quintessential ""Shadowrun"" with two terrific plot twists as you move toward the conclusion of the game.  The user interface is a distinct improvement over the original Shadowrun Returns."
,Recommended,300550,32840300,Posted: 26 June,all,Harnoth,Reaally like this game. Fantastic!
76561198051308026,Recommended,300550,32929251,Posted: 28 June,all,Riggs,"In my opinion this is a great game.  If you are a fan of the table top game Shadowrun, then Dragonfall is a great adaption of the core mechanics.  Gameplay wise, the missions are interesting and the choices you are required to make always drive the story forward.  This is a game I highly recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,300550,32994479,Posted: 29 June,all,arken,"Please add Russian language, or at least allow to publish it via steam workshop"
,Recommended,300550,33017955,Posted: 29 June,all,wedge,Great CRPG! Fantastic writing and storytelling. Enjoyed from start to finish.
76561198032600860,Recommended,300550,33025772,Posted: 29 June,all,Soloeus,"Very nice, decent story, good depth to the writing."
76561197982095207,Recommended,300550,33061455,Posted: 30 June,all,Murcor,"Loved this game. The writing drew me in and kept me going right till the credits. Gameplay is solid, fun, and you really feel like a part of this wider Shadowrun universe. Absolutely recommended"
,Recommended,300550,33185988,Posted: 3 July,all,Bropalm,"This gets a thumbs up for being able to join the bad guy at the end, and having a lot of exposition explaining what happens if you do. Other parts of the game are great, but not fantastic."
,Recommended,300550,33510439,Posted: 13 July,all,Mentat76,Great!!!
,Recommended,300550,33567321,Posted: 15 July,all,seekr,"Great game for any turn based combat+rpg fans, a little short but makes it up in the atmosphere and overall quality."
,Recommended,300550,33548880,Posted: 14 July,all,Ya Girl RadNat,"A Great Tactical RPG and an ehancement over Shadowrun Returns. An Updated AI and better balanced skills, a great improvement.Dragonfall's default campaign specificaly has a whole Anrcho Punk feel, that's just really cool. Punk rock orcs and elves kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking namesIt has it's own level editor and a decently supported community of dedicated fans, making nearly unlimited content."
76561198006521459,Recommended,300550,33406157,Posted: 9 July,all,Ryvucz,"Pro: Great story and atmosphere.Con: The RNG on the hardest setting is absolutely horrid.If you're into well written stories and dark, grungy atmospheric games, this is for you."
,Recommended,300550,33513449,Posted: 13 July,all,Don,Why i recommend it:+ Interesting story+ Tense+ Fun combat with multiple viable builds+ Creative settning+ Memorable companions with great backstories. They're useful in combat as well.+ Great soundtrack+ Really funny at times+ Feels+ Multiple endingsThe only negative thing that comes to mind is the game's tendency to occasionally freeze in combat and in a certain conversation. This can be fixed by using the console that can be accessed with the following keys: crtrl+f1After you're in the console hardsave the game and then load it again.The different endings are easy to experience in a single game by making a save game before choosing what to do on the last mission. (You'll know when)
76561197990021143,Recommended,300550,32246494,Posted: 7 June,all,vw,"The best shadowrun game among Returns and Hong Kong. If you're new to the series and/or cyberpunk setting and/or the gameplay style, I'd recommend to start with this one instead of the other two. It has a much cooler and interesting story, some nice rpg elements here and there and interesting characters. The game really shines to the cyberpunk lovers out there."
76561198023628368,Recommended,300550,33773534,Posted: 24 July,all,Earth McFlat,Amazing sequel! The Shadowrun series is simply amazing.
,Recommended,300550,33685593,Posted: 20 July,all,Anrkist,"A fun, fast paced turn based strategy game. A genre I typically avoid, however the cyberpunk setting is blowing me away, literally. I keep dying and suck. I'm still having fun though. If you're into this style of gameplay or are a fan of the cyperpunk genre, I highly suggest it.My cons which some may see as pros:I wish the NPCs I interacted with, exceptions being my primary runners, had voice acting. I wouldn't even mind a Minsc styled character on my crew. Popping off a few random words every so often. The constant reading as if it were a novel wears a bit thin after a while.There's no hand holding at all. If you want to learn the mechanics there's going to be some reading on your part or trial and error. I think there's an in-game compendium telling you all sorts of things, but I've yet to delve in to it.Time. It's going to take up a good chunk of your time. It's not the type of game you can just jump in and out of.Hovering over an item gives a description of what it does during combat. Sadly, the prompt disappears rather quickly. It really should stay active until I hover off.Unable to swap items with your companions is frustrating. ""Bob really needs a medkit, pronto... and all I can do is keep sending them to my stash. Sad Bob, sad."""
76561198032441624,Recommended,300550,33773313,Posted: 24 July,all,Sir_Nerfsalot,I don't generally like turn based rpgs but this plays more like a war game.This game is very story driven with multiple endings. It has rewards on every level that make exploration worthwhile.Anyone starting this without being already familiar with the shadowrun world will be at a slight disadvantage but nothing bad enough to ruin the experience.
,Recommended,300550,33971447,Posted: 2 August,all,Lilcoat,10/10
76561198069440945,Recommended,300550,34133049,Posted: 9 August,all,acrazyblackman,Yup
76561197974689847,Recommended,300550,34203226,Posted: 12 August,all,BeamStalk,"Great game, fun characters."
76561198061201473,Recommended,300550,34220806,Posted: 13 August,all,thepandalion,"The game that made me like CRPGs. Fantastic story, lore, characters, customisation, world, music. Fun and interesting combat options. Strategic but also accessible (I am not very experience in this genre but I got hooked). Great dialogue choices and stat-dependant options to vary gameplay. My first taste of the Shadowrun world and I loved it."
76561198036530570,Recommended,300550,34277560,Posted: 16 August,all,Outcast,"Made a cultist knife trowing dwarf.first mission all goes well.all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥in a flasha giant ork in a mech suit walks trough the doorme and 3 teammates miss 2 shots for 2 rounds eachuninstall20 raging minutes later reinstalled game.hate the combat, love everything else"
,Recommended,300550,34551550,Posted: 28 August,all,Skjald of Borea,"On both gameplay & theme depth, the standard by which all other video games should be judged. Period.Extra marks for show-don't-tell concision. Sparse reading & side-story, mostly battle, yet one of the richest & most flavoursome environments I've come across. Partly due to the game's solid thematic rooting in the Shadowrun pen-paper RPG universe.The thinking PC gamer's tactical RPG indie.11 out of 10."
76561198078900048,Recommended,300550,13233086,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,green brenda,I just love glory. It was pity that I couldn't read the epilogue again.
76561198107904360,Recommended,300550,34613673,Posted: 30 August,all,Geomystery,Best from trilogy. Worth your time and money.
76561198062399793,Recommended,300550,34324267,Posted: 18 August,all,noobeman,"I got around 30 hours of entertainment out of this.Pros:- Cool, dark, immersive cyberpunk world;- Plenty of options to solve situations differently using the skills you gave your character;- Rather interesting and challenging combat, although it isn't even nearly on the same level as Divinity: Original Sin;- I really liked the story - none of the missions felt like filler.Cons:- The game is quite obviously low budget, i.e. you can't even really talk about ""graphics"" here, they would have been fine in 2000 I guess?- The story seems rather short, and I got quickly bored of fighting with the same squad every time. My favorite mission by far was the one where I was alone, would have liked more of that;- The soundtrack is good the first time, but there isn't nearly enough variety and it may make you want to kill yourself after a while.Despite the flaws, I recommend this game, especially on sale."
,Recommended,300550,34398568,Posted: 21 August,all,Polvo,"my first shadowrun and I think it's pretty amazing. Going for SR:HK now.amazing plotgood soundtrackinteresting moral choices (and they matter)sometimes the game is a little unfair, like missing consecutive shots with >75% chance to hit"
76561197974088172,Recommended,300550,34480326,Posted: 25 August,all,father nurgle,"Excellent, the most fun turn-based tactical game I've played in a long time.  The world and the story really drew me in and offered great choices, combat was satisfying and the dialog and character options allowed me to build my character how I liked.  It was a good length, especially since I now *have* to play it again..."
,Recommended,300550,34677270,Posted: 1 September,all,TheLordThyGod,Criminally overlooked RPG with a fantastic campaign and an editor to make your own.
,Recommended,300550,34709451,Posted: 3 September,all,skinnyraf,"Excellent story, very good gameplay - and it's Shadowrun! Some glitches with control (e.g. when a character is behind a controllable element, they can be difficult to select). Very good alternative endings (no ending seems to be ""the canon one"").Strongly recommended."
76561197980323443,Recommended,300550,34769775,Posted: 5 September,all,Munki,"I love classic styled CRPGs with the isometric fixed camera, and this game was a nice throwback to my favourites such as Baldur's Gate 2 (BG2) and Fallout 2.'Shadowrun: Dragonfall' is set a cyber-punk themed world with very detailed and beautifully hand-drawn scenery artwork. The engine in the director's cut version works efficiently, with a handful of visual options, and worked well for me. I found the character art portraits to be very well drawn and fitting, however the 3D models used to represent the characters in the game looked a bit limp, strange, and had pretty terrible animations – I honestly feel that 2D artwork here would have been better overall to fit the background art.The RPG mechanics side of this game for the combat has an action point system very similar to XCOM Enermy Unkown, so if you have played that then this will feel very familiar. However, you get the options of a variety of class types to play, with a relatively open levelling point system so you can build any hybrid character you want. Some people might not like the cover system, as the 3D models don't wrap around the 2D artwork so well, plus the movement system feels a little rough sometimes, however this didn't stop my enjoyment of the game over-all.The story is pretty-good, and the side-quests and dialogue for the world worked very well, despite there not being really that much to do in this game. I started to get a feel for some of the characters, but the writers never really go deep enough for my liking, something that would would have seem happen in BG2 for example. This was leagues more enjoyanble than Pillars of Eternity, which I failed to get into no less than 3 separate times.The missions get longer and longer as you get into the game, with some really tough combat situations – I feel without my experience in XCOM I would have struggled in this game and found it frustrating. The combat itself is pretty straightforward with the classic turn based system, however some events require battle with 'hacking' and mission objections at the same time. This was a challenging but fun to complete game.Something to note is that there isn't any free travel or free exploration in the world, you follow the mission structure pretty linearly, and I ended up competing this game in the normal difficulty in 7 and a half hours only! Personally, I don't think I will find replay value here, although there are certainly lots of options and alternate paths to take, so the potential is there. I would have loved this world to be opened up into several areas with a world map, but alas that is not what you get in this game.This takes the game several leagues away from the 'epic' scale of such games as Fallout 1/2 and Baldur's Gate 1/2. However, as a self contained RPG it was a fun ride, even though the world is a little wacky and strange. For example, the game is set in a futuristic dystopia in Germany (Berlin) – which has orcs and trolls, dwarves… magic and spells as well as hacking and drones. The main plot follows the mention of a red dragon. Certainly not your normal fantasy or sci-fi cyberpunk genre, I found it a little off putting even though they make it their thing and roll with it.Over-all I would recommend only because these games are pretty rare enough as they are. It is a solid effort, just be warned the tone is more of an action RPG with tactical combat rather than a classic 'Epic' RPG."
76561198024361977,Recommended,300550,34835253,Posted: 9 September,all,Vurdmeister,Really enjoyed the world of Shadowrun. Took me a while to get used to the mechanics but well worth the time.
76561198041401375,Recommended,300550,34828133,Posted: 8 September,all,finrodess,"The best entry of the Shadowrun series. The world didn't lose any of its charms and the combat is almost the same as in Returns. But the story is way better, coherent and with a good conclusion. And it's not just about the main storyline. This time you get a set group of companions, each with a different personal story. Not to mention the ""side"" missions are interesting as well."
76561198058222533,Recommended,300550,34866340,Posted: 10 September,all,Beyond,"This is a fantastic game from an amazing series. Though I do realize it might not be everyone's cup of tea, it certainly is mine.I wish the devs make more games in this series."
76561198156128074,Recommended,300550,35249839,Posted: 27 September,all,ataraxian9,"Great game- but just a bit too short. You have no time to really max out your character. You will enjoy it, but the replay value is a bit low. Still worth every penny, and I'm not complaining. This is how they should have made the Shadowrun rpg into a video game. The Mage or Street Samurai are the best choices- so I wonder about balance a little."
