user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,301120,16040786,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Luc Pelican,>Start GM with Nashville>First 4 years getting knocked out of first round.>Mostly by Chicago10/10 realism
,Recommended,301120,29642864,Posted: 1 February,all,gogeta110,I can't stop playing this game. So deep. So many things to do. So many decisions to labor and then grieve over. Decent community.Then I added facepacks and modded a little to fix some small details. I'll probably be side-playing this for at least....forever.I'm not sure if any of the other people that lived in my house are still here. Haven't been out in a while
,Recommended,301120,19426753,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BrownBallSack,"Excellent game for anyone wanting to be the gym of their favorite team and bring them a stanley cup(except for the Maple Leafs, that's impossible pls).If your favorite teams are the oilers, hurricanes, panthers, hurricanes, etc, it will take a few years to get the Stanley cup. You need to build the team with good depth players, have good rookies in your system, and a decent top 6.Time will fly as you are trying to build the perfect time. There's a lot of depth in this game. You can control coaches, scouts, practices, analysis the draft, team tactics are really detailed(there are individual tactics for each of your players and also for each of the lines you can either choose or ask your coach).Overall, this game satisfy my constant need of hockey when there is no game to watch."
,Recommended,301120,16486795,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Menlow,">Play as GM for Buffalo>Score first goal in game, watch team throw lead>Don't score first goal in game, watch team never catch up10/10 just like watching the Sabres in real life"
,Not Recommended,301120,22809758,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,lalai,"I'm giving this game a negative review despite loving it. The reason is that I want to draw attention to the negative sides that I don't feel get mentioned often enough.First of all, there are still bugs in the game. After so many  itterations, one would have thought that things like trading and contracts would work flawlessly, but nope, you'll still run into situations where you need a save file editor or create another GM just to get the game to follow hockey rules.My other and biggest issue is with the way this game compensates. Let me explain. I've been playing EHM since the very first version, probably spent thousands of hours on all versions together. One thing you have to realize is that this game is essentially a numbers generator, working with probability and such. Thing is, if you've been playing this game long enough, you'll find ways to build fantastic teams, with (probably)  the best coaching staff in NHL history and you can pretty much win the Stanley Cup with any team by your second, in a worst case scenario 3rd season. But! The game detects when your team or player start producing extraordinary numbers, and it will start compensating to keep things ""realistic"". Won too many Stanley cups in a row? Well, you'll lose in the playoffs, no matter what you do (tested by replaying the same saves when things got weird on countless occasions). You'll win with the same team next year, but the game won't let you win, say 4 times in a row, just because. Same if your team is scoring too much. Built a scoring machine with 1st line level players on your 3rd line? Well, bad luck, because you're gonna get punished by periods where your team will refuse to score, until your goals scored total returns to a ""normal"" value, then, without changing anything, you score again. Same goes with winning games. Winning 90% of your games mid season? Well, here's a drought, it'll end once you're around 75-80%, then you'll dominate again and the cycle repeats.Bloody hell EHM, let me build super teams if I want to, don't punish me for finding ways to work the system. Sheesh! What's the point in learning to play a game if it will punish me for that and promote mediocrity?Otherwise, I really enjoy this game and I value the work they put into it, it's a great game, but the compensation system can be incredibly irritating."
,Recommended,301120,32143004,Posted: 2 June,all,SomeGuyWhoHasAnUnoriginalName,"This is coming from the perspective of someone that played NHL GM Modes up to NHL 14. The games after that, except maybe for NHL 15 on the PS3 and X-Box 360 didn't improve anything in GM Mode, so I came in knowing the ins and outs of the GM Mode in the NHL games at their peak regarding simulation. This is also after one full season, so look at this reason.As far as realism, I would say it is fairly decent, but obviously it cannot be 100% accurate, as it cannot always predict when players will have off or good seasons. In my season with the Kings, I made it into the finals in year one and faced the Tampa Bay Lightning. While initially unrealistic, Tampa didn't have Stamkos most of the year and almost made the playoffs, and in this game Kopitar and Gaborik had good years, as the Kings main problem was scoring, not allowing goals, even when Budaj was the starter. As for the simulation engine, the best testament to it's realism is being able to watch and coach the games. How you do this is your own choice. I believe you can have the games be coached by an AI, but that takes the fun out of the game in a way. And this indirectly leads to this game's double edged sword: time. While you become more accustomed to the day to day job of a general manager/coach, there is a heavy amount of time to be invested in a single season of this game. As I said earlier, I only played one full season (including the playoffs) and it took me over 20 hours. However, this one season was definitely fun as I got closer to the team and was satisfied with the simulation and the way stats worked for the most part, and the many coaching options the game gives you. The trading system is also very interesting as it allows you to offer a player to the league and see what offers teams give you. The spread of trade rumors also adds to the fun of the situation.Another great thing about this game and being able to coach them and watch them, is the addition of the amount of personality that goes into this game. This was best characterized by a series I had with the San Jose Sharks. In I believe it was game 2 or 3, the Kings were pounding the Sharks, and I remember us having 7 goals or something crazy at the end of the game. After the first or second period, Drew Doughty was injured by a Sharks player and I went crazy and adjusted a lot of my players so that they could fight and have them target Sharks players like Couture and the guy that injured Drew, who seemed to be some nobody. At the beginning of the third, a line brawl broke out and even the goalies joined in, though this would cost Quick a suspension and the Sharks backup would get the suspension, not Jones as he was pulled. After the line brawl I'm not sure if a fight broke out in the game, but it was a crazy moment, one you literally cannot have in EA NHL GM Modes. Drew came back for the next game and we lost the next game, but it wasn't the fault of the goaltender as we didn't get enough done in regulation. In the end, we won the series in seven games. To me, this is what a rivalry series was supposed to feel like, crazy, intense, hard-fought, and brutal. This single series made me fall in love with the game.So should you or should you not buy this game? While I've only played one season all the way, I definitely enjoyed that one season. I cannot accurately judge player growth as I haven't invested much time into the game. From what I experienced, if you're willing to invest time into this game and want a realistic hockey sim, go for it, this may be the best one out there, but I haven't played Franchise Hockey Manager 3 so I can't compare it to that game. If you're not patient enough to essentially ""play"" as the coach then this game may not be for you.One more thing, you need to download NHL rosters from the workshop if you want to use those.tl;dr If you're willing to invest time into a realistic hockey sim, this game is for you as it adds a ton of personality to being a general manager. If you aren't patient enough, maybe manager games aren't for you."
76561198044586967,Recommended,301120,19419325,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,panredaktor,>be penguins>1st place>eliminated in playoffs 1st roundrealistic game 11/9
76561198031333684,Recommended,301120,20306591,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mr.deef,"I'll list out what happened to my team in history and you be the judge. NOTE: This was after loading the real league DB- Selected the Flames- Had a mediocre first year. Ended up 4th last. Wideman was a superstar!- Was able to Draft Austin Matthews 4th overall.- Young stars played well but asked for small bridge contracts (3.5 for Gaudreau and 5 for Monahan) in the end.- Was able to trade assets like Juri Hudler and Jonas Hiller for young stud prospects like Kerby Rychel, Oliver Bjorkstrand and John Gibson- This salary dump and low contracts allowed me to get Jamie Benn of Free Agency for 3 years at 8.5 mil- Existing Flame prospects Poirier, Klimchuk, Anderssen and Bennett started to shine.- The next year with these players resulted in an early playoff exit against the OIlers, with Poirier getting the Calder trophy on a line with Monahan and Gaudreau. Damn you McJesus!- The second year ended up losing in the quarter finals to the Stars who went on the win the cup with Voracek in place of Benn, Klimchuk started to whine about his ice time and the Calgarian Media.- The third year, refused to comment to media about our chances and won the cup in dominating fashion. Majority of players were in that 24-27 sweet spot. Gibson won the Conn Smythe. Hartley won the Jack Adams- The following year, couldn't afford Benn despite letting an old Wideman go to free agency, Matthews wanted 5 mil a year. Managed to get 35 year old Pavelski and 31 year old Simmonds on sweet deals in free agency. So far, I'm 3-5-2 though. Feeling the cup hangover as there has been LOTS of little injuries to start the season and a T.J. Brodie 3 game suspension.All things considered. The game is fun, largely accurate, though not fully believable in some aspects. The free agent list is obsurd. The salaries that some quality players are asking for are rediculously low. High end talent costs a LOT in dollars (8 million plus). The salary cap never goes up. There are some bugs regarding team record notifications that make no sense and are poor english. Some menus are tedious to mantain. Trade system is fairly good. Scouting is annoying as it doesn't auto reset for Entry Draft scouting - scouts go idle. I'll likely play another two seasons and stop forever, but worth it if your a GM junkie."
,Recommended,301120,17092749,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Solar,"A wonderful managment game, 100% recommend it to all hockey fans out there. Don't get confused by the initial impression of having no real life rosters in-game. Go on ehmtheblueline and download all of the databases, facepacks, rinks  your heart wants!"
,Recommended,301120,15146498,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Meckus,"Before I start the review itself, let me start by saying that I'm part of the potentially big group that started liking ice hockey on their youth due to the Mighty Ducks trilogy. Yes, I'm one of those. And yes, you can imagine which team I'm playing with right now, the Mighty Ducks.That said, here goes the review.GameplayThere's not much to say, considering it's a management game. Being from a well known developer, mostly known for the Football Manager (FM) series, you can expect to find some FM similarities. Any ice hockey fan, with an interest for managament games, will enjoy the game and will most certainly spend hundreds of hours playing it.The gameplay is just you'd expect from a managament game, allowing you to set tactics, practice, and take care of the team's transactions. You'll also be able to lose yourself with all the statistics avaiable, trying to find that change that will allow you to tweak your tactic. But don't think for a second you can just grab all the big guns and ram your way through! You can also scout for prospects and develop them, so you can later use them to win the cup, or just use them as a bargaining chip.It's your game, your team, your choice. Until you get fired.ProsPlenty details;Good trading and contract system, considering the AI doesn't scam you, or lets you scam them;Quick booting and load/save system;Has a nice number of leagues, and hopefully more will be added soon;The match engine is quite good, and entertaining, with a few minor problems (see cons section);Good tactical interface, with a lot of options that can make or break your streak.Considering it's Early Access, and they're open to suggestions, and also considering by the end of its EA state will be most likely be as polished as the FM series appears to be, I'll reduce my cons to what I've found in the actual game so far.ConsSometimes the players flip out a bit on the 2D engine, and either just stop for a couple second, or during penalties and faceoffs they just ram into each other until they find a way to go to their spot, so the play can start;UI could be a tad bit better, as somethings are harder to find;To withdraw an offer after all the parties have accepted you've to right click the player's name and manually withdraw it, as there's no ""Cancel"" option on the news screen, just a confirm option.VerdictI'd give it a9/10considering it's EA status and the series long hiatus. Tons of potential.If I'm not mistaken, they don't have the licenses yet, but you can easily get a ""fan made"" database to ""fix"" that."
,Recommended,301120,15071104,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Stark,"Be-all end-all for hockey management and for sports management in general.This is an early access of course, so there are some graphical hiccups and a lot of remnants from the 07 engine. Bring these expectations in mind.No licensing so go toehmtheblueline.comto get proper roster and graphics packages to install."
,Recommended,301120,15063454,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DanltQC,"The greatest game of all time is finally back on the market. After 8 years of playing a game which was release in 07, we finally have an update. The game is great and I can't wait for the next step. If you love hockey, this is a must have."
76561198007037052,Recommended,301120,15063110,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DaveM,"Like many Early access games, people tend to use the word ""potential.""   EHM EA is no different.    The difference with using the word here is that this is a reputatble company, with a development team that has a huge passion for hockey.There are some advancements from EHM 2007 but it still is very close to the same game currently in terms of features.    The AI is improved, the regen system has changed and development seems better so far.   All the old bugs are fixed, I have yet to come across any new bugs and the stats so far seem more realistic than 07.Although the more I think about it the more I'm saddened that SI wouldn't commit fully, It's better than nothing.   It's finally back (sort of) and hopefully will stay for a long time!   Thanks Riz!EDIT:   Expect the game to crash.  Again it is WIP, so far the first season in each of my games works just fine but after that it can be hit and miss.   I'm sure will be patched rather quickly.READER BEWARE:  Most of us have waited 8 years for this moment."
,Recommended,301120,17321564,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,toast,"Definitely better than GM mode in any of the EA Sports NHL games. I've only played 80 hours in the past two weeks, I guess you could say im addicted. If you're on the fence about it and you love hockey, definitely get this game."
76561198126985242,Recommended,301120,15762135,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,AgentNXS,"In a lot of ways EHM:EA is just an updated version of EHM 2007, same layout and design, but with better coding to improve the game in many areas. After downloading the newest roster update from TBL, it feels almost as if I picked up right where I left off last time I played EHM 2007. However, for new players the game still has a very difficult learning curve. More detailed explanations of game features, statistics, etc would go a long way to helping more players understand and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,301120,24230912,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Michael Batalla,I'm Canadian.
76561198047819898,Recommended,301120,15859345,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rjhewison,"After several hours of playing Eastside Hockey Manager: Early Access Edition I can say that it is one of the most enjoyable and addictive simulation games I have ever played.  I always enjoyed various football (soccer for us in N. America) simulations but I love hockey and am so glad that a game developer has introduced (in this case re-introduced) a simulation for hockey fans.Pros: The game offers a variety of setting which allow you to establish how many hats you want to wear when managing the team you take over.  You can just manage (draft, develop prospects, sign free-agents, trade players, hire and fire coaches, scouts and other personnel, salary cap) while analyzing endless statistics or micro-manage every aspect of your team by adding coaching responsibilities to your portfolio and establish in-game tactics and select game-day rosters.  The game has an active modding community.  You can download NHL player rosters or other professional league players and team logos for a more realistic experience.Cons:- The game could offer higher resolution settings than the 1024 x 768.-  Also while the lower resolution does not detract from game play I have found that when I quit a game the default      resolution setting on my Windows desktop sometimes reverts to the 1024 x 768 resolution setting that the game uses (from my normal desktop resolution of 1920x 1200). Not a big deal to change resolution back to 1920 x 1200 but a nuisance.- In rare instances some of the historical statistics do not tally correctly.-  Some statistics do not export correctly to a file or printerGame Improvement:- I would like to see some graphical updates made to the game as some of the 2D graphics seem a little dated like when watching individual games.- Also would like to see when winning a cup or when a player I manage wins an individual trophy,  it would be nice to have a graphic of a newspaper where headlines highlight the achievement like I have seen in other sports sims.Recommendation:  The game for an early access product is well developed and if no further development of the game was offered would still represent extremely good value.  There are some small tweaks that need to be made with the game which is to be expected with an early access product.  With that said I can say without hesitation that if you enjoy sports simulation games, you will not regret purchasing this title."
,Recommended,301120,20687564,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Jeb Bush,Played as the Buffalo SabresWent on a 37 game losing streak10/10
76561198140257724,Not Recommended,301120,22715450,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mimer,"What I love about manager games is to take a small team and build it up to greatness. Sadly, that's not possible in EHM - if you don't own your arena (small teams won't) you can't expand it and you can't build one and thus you can't build up an income. Some teams will even start with 0 ticket price, so you'll never get money from home games (which means you'll never have any money - you won't go bancrupt, just no possibility to invest or pay salaries).There are also bugs and a distinct lack of customization - hopping between different info screens because if you combine them you get 2/3rds of the info you want. Graphics and sound is poor, not that it matters to a manager game but it feels really outdated.I wish this had been in early access still, because then there would have been a decent chance of some of those issues being fixed. Right now I fear that the game was released and abandoned."
76561198143929322,Recommended,301120,32141706,Posted: 2 June,all,unohuim,"you know what?  this is actually one of the very best of the best hockey sims you can get.  i'm just blown away that a community of strong and smart GMs doesn't exist for this yet.  you can actuall watch a simulated game, and coach the team through out that game in progress.  so amazing.the indepth scouting, and player development is tops.  love managing the staff, including trainers.top pick for me"
,Recommended,301120,18422063,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,RJ8812,Game is awesome. I really hope SI just continues to build on this game by releasing patches and fixes instead of releasing a new version with minimal improvements each year and overcharging everyone in the process. Good job SI! You have not disappointed with this one!
,Recommended,301120,15241962,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Perceptor,"After an 8-year hiatus, EHM makes its return via early access and while the game is very similar to its most recent iteration, that does not hinder or ruin the experience in any way.  As an early access game, this is a very polished and solid initial effort.For those who haven't played EHM, the game is a text management sim where you take complete control of a team and attempt to use your skills as a general manager to take your team to glory.  As the game is in early access mode, there are no official licenses or real players.  However,www.ehmtheblueline.comhas a very nice roster set, logos, and real team and competition names that provide that.Unlike NHL by EA Sports, you are the General Manager and do not control the players during games.  You sign free agents, hire coaches, scouts, and of course, trade as you desire.  Additionally, you can set your lines, practices, and tactics.  You also can promote and demote players between minor leagues and choose how to build your team.  As you're unable to control your players directly, tactics are very important in helping you win games.  The games themselves can be viewed via 2d mode where the players appear as dots with the puck, similar to the initial offerings of Football Manager 8 years ago, before it went 3D.The game engine is solid and provides a decent way to watch games and observe your players.  The minor gripe I do have with the game engine is that it does look dated especially compared with how SI has evolved its Football Manager franchise.  Having said that, the fact that this game was developed as a side project by SI mitigates that gripe somewhat.The menus are cleaner than EHM 2007 although again, not as intuitive as the newest Football Manager games.  The other issue is that the game can only be run in one resolution which means that newer screen owners will not be able to view the game on a full screen.  Hopefully, that will be addressed in a future update.If you love Football Manager, Out of the Park Baseball, and text sims, you owe yourself the privilege in checking this game out.  For $14,99, you simply can't go wrong.  The more people that purchase this game, the more likely we will see official licenses and future releases.  If you're an armchair hockey fan who thinks, sleeps, and drinks hockey, you definitely need to check this out.  Disappointed that your team continues to build around a questionable core?  Fix it yourself in EHM.  You won't regret it!"
76561198180313445,Recommended,301120,15678142,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BettmanReturns,">be me>plays as leafs>tank for mcdavid>finish last>#mcjesus>draft lottery comes around>connormcdavidpepe.jpg>receive message>eagerly check inbox>""The 2015 NHL Draft Lottery winner is the Boston Bruins""10/10, would cry again"
,Recommended,301120,17546730,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,WiNGZZ tk,"The game gets quite easy after a while if you test different tactics, but its pretty addictive and theres a lot of content.Its realistic, but I would personally like to have retained salary in trades and the cap going up over the years (it always stays at 71 mil). Also, sometimes owners and fans will be angry after trades that you think were big steal (for example when I traded Tootoo Ryder and a 2nd for Ladd).Overall I would give it about a 8/10."
,Recommended,301120,16495845,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jorge Nuno,"Eastside Hockey Manager offers some improvements from its 2007 version. There are still a few ways to go in terms of tweaking and improving the database, but the game is quite good, generally speaking.Pros:+ graphical revamp of the game makes it more pleasant to the eye+ improved realism and AI+ Scout Report offers a vast amount of information on players, very good tool for player analysis+ compatibility with 2007 tactics, graphics and databasesCons:- still some database issues to fix (AHL teams appearing as NHL teams in the players' history screen or no updated Hall of Fame/NHL player records)- same 1024x768 resolution problem for fullscreen and/or windowed mode- some options could be more user friendly in terms of accessing them (for example, the minor league affiliates)"
76561198010240963,Recommended,301120,31301682,Posted: 22 April,all,Chilidipped,"I  don't often write reviews, but I feel like this game deserves it.I've played a lot of sports simulation and strategy games and I have to tell you that this game REALLY deserves positve endorsement.  It performs at a level well beyond what you would expect given the level of minimal development resources its clearly been given.1) The AI is extraordinary - you really have to plan and have a clear, well-executed strategy to be able to compete at a high level consistently year after year in this game.  If you make mistakes in player acquisition or tactically mismatch you players to your approach game in and game out, you'll see yourself drafting Top 52) The modding community is committed and you get a lot for your money because of that3) THe UI, once you understand it and get used to its clunkiness, is actually pretty good - again for what little development has been done vs. what could be done.Remember, this is from the company that does Football Manager, so you can see the quality.  But, what disappoints is what this game could be if the developer gave it anywhere near the resources it gives FM.  And I hope as this game gets more following, they will listen.Regardless, don't pass this one up.  And for goodness sake, avoid FHM2 or FHM3 like the plaugue.  This game won't do stupid trades and it will give you some real immersion beause, as I said, the AI is good and difficult to beat.Enjoy!"
76561197983590406,Recommended,301120,21739946,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,jaqpike,"I have just returned to EHM recently because there was so much I missed when I tried to play That Other Hockey Manager. For example, I miss watching the pixel circles run around the ice surface, so I could actually see at least somewhat what my players were doing on ice, and get a sense of personality from them that you just can't get from repetitive text. I missed a tactics layer that made sense and was easy to use (which EHM has), and a trade system that made sense, and an interactive scouting system that made sense, and all the great rosters the guys at the Blue Line keep making. I just missed all that.It took me a while to figure out a hotfix of my own to get the game running on Windows 10, which is frustrating (I love Steam, I do, but why can't you guys be more like GOG and make the games playable before you sell them to me)... but once I did, I fell in love all over again.EHM is a game I have played almost more than anything...more than Civ 4 and 5, more than XCom... EHM put me to sleep at night, head nodding over my little laptop in years gone by, because I just couldn't stop until little hours of the morning... and it still gets me that way. I lost a whole morning with the Canucks today trying to decide if the McCann/Virtanen gamble was worth it, or if I should send them back to juniors.... and watching Vrbata miss shot after shot...it was just like real-life Canucks hockey!So here's to you, EHM, and your amazing creator. I suspect, by the quietness of the updates, that EHM on Steam may not have a long, vibrant life full of changes and improvements (I'm looking at you, more on-ice graphics, because I remember Wayne Gretzky Hockey 2 and 3), like that Other Simulator is getting, but until That Other Simulator figures out how to show on-ice play, and simplifies and streamlines tactics and lines and coaching, I'll be keeping this on my computer and playing it until I fall asleep at the keyboard."
76561198003169721,Recommended,301120,16295568,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jursllla,"I love this game. I started playing championship manager in the 95-96 seson. Played it like crazy as a teenager and bought every version of the game untill FM 2014. Now i am old,fat lawyer who can play a few hours each week.... I started playing eastside in 2004 and bought all three versions of the game and playd ehm 2007 untill this game come out.The tactic and long term planning of the managementgame of Eastside hockey manager is very damanding,fun and challanging. This version is an updated version of the 2007 game and is very very complete with tons of functions,options and challanges.When u start a new game just have fun and learn the game. For players who played FM or Eastside before i recomend human managers to impose some restrictions on trading. Trading over and over again will result in a super team to fast.There is an old fansite up and running for easside called blueline who have living forum,updates,roosterpacks and graphics. The community there is very helpful mature and social.A price for this product under 40€ is a must buy. I got hundreds and hundreds of play hours from my game."
,Recommended,301120,17178355,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ffatma,"I'm having an amazing amount of fun playing this game!  There are a few minor things I'm waiting for them to implement, such as salary retention on trades, but mostly this feels like a finished product to me.  I will say though that I hope they put a lot of work into trade realism before the full launch.  It's ok as it is, but could definitely be improved.  The other main thing that I'm hoping gets fixed soon is the swarm of good players making it to free agency.  Way too many.  But overall, this game is so good that I just cannot stop playing it!  I wholeheartedly recommend it to any hockey fan!"
,Recommended,301120,21407282,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,"Admiral Thomas ""Tug"" Benson","This is a must have for any hockey fan and a stat freak. Just use the community stuff and enjoy real players, teams, leagues and so on. The implementation is really easy and since I started to play again, since I am a EHM 2007 veteran; I don't eat, don't work, lost my girlfriend haven't slept.. but won the championship. Because it's the cup. One of the minuses though would be the difference between the EHM 2007 and this one is almost none. For me it doesn't matter much, cause I enjoyed it before. But still.Too bad I don't have much time to play it"
76561198029610672,Recommended,301120,18006056,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,BrothermanBill,"With roughly 1200 hours between FM and EHM, I've gotta say: thank ♥♥♥♥ing christ this game was made.  Never buying another NHL game just to be a GM ever again.  Sports Interactive are gods amongst men."
76561197975231232,Recommended,301120,15066741,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Stupot11,"It's been such a long time since this title had a major revolution, and it's finally here, a much needed retool of this much loved product. i have only just downloaded it and gave it a whirl, but it has a feel of what should have been done to begin with, or should i say it's what it needed back on 2006 when they released it pre version.I will say, it's still kinda sluggish on loading, and very work in progress feel to it, however i do appreciate it's a pre release and much has yet to be done to it. i also would like to see some new features on the staffing side, more participation by the board with trades, such as more pressure to get players, and more negotiations with board with the financial side, such as how much a player is worth in trades. i feel also scouting should be harder, and be far more specific to what your search requires, such as takes longer, and a better stat wise scout will get ""much"" better results. head coaches should be able to reject trades, and also suggest trades with other teams on the home page. for example ""head coach"" likes a ""certain player"" on a particular team, and we should maybe go on an offer for him.i do feel however it has much potential, and there is alot of excitement on this release and i can see it being very populer with hockey fans."
76561198067154328,Recommended,301120,16295949,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,NightFox,">Plays as Blackhawks>Does really good>Trades old players (Richards, Timmeon)>Gets Young Players>Wins Presidents Cup>Wins Stanley Cup (Oddly enough over Tampa>Forgets to resign players>Loses half his roster>Cries>Finishes Dead last10/10 Would cry again"
76561198057900458,Recommended,301120,32790626,Posted: 25 June,all,Guldkant,"The best Hockey Manager on the marketA very fun and addicting manager game that makes you the Headcoach and/or General Manager of your favorite Ice Hockey team. There's multiple leagues to choose from, from different countries. If you fancy playing in Great Britain, go for it! Or maybe you want to guide a NHL team to future Stanley Cups. It's for you to decide. Not a tactical genius? Let your headcoach handle that, so you can focus on being a GM. Trading players, renewing contracts, scouting and drafting prospects.A slight concern is the UI, it looks very outdated, similar to Championship Manager 01/02. Changing line players is clunky and irritating. The rosters are not up to date when you start, and there is no EHM Editor like one you would find for Football Manager. However it has a strong community that can provide you with everything you need.Perfecting a match engine is difficult. I do however feel like they've done all they can on the match engine, it's very solid. Of course it is not perfect, but it still works well. A slight dissapointment is not being able to see key highlights that doesn't always feature goals, it makes the highlight predictable and boring. Of course you could change it to the one that shows extended highlights, but in my opinon the match goes a bit too slow for my liking.Overall Eastside Hockey Manager is the best Hockey Manager game out there, despite competition from Franchise Hockey Manager (That shows a more modern looking UI), EHM wins this battle thanks to the community.8/10"
,Recommended,301120,21042796,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Venom[VGZ],"I came into this game not knowing what or how to do, 2 hours later I'm halfway through the season panicking about conditional draft picks and over-seas prospects. I sigh deeply and wonder if I should have just picked a small-market AHL team. Or just quit and get a job for the Oilers to get the 1st overall pick every year.10/10"
,Recommended,301120,15072598,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,tieio,"A great game that was once the addiction I could never put down, now it is back and being constantly updated. There is no comparable hockey sim anywhere.Welcome back EHM, and welcome back to countless hours lost playing this classic gem."
76561198007692969,Not Recommended,301120,22300557,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MegaGrubby,"tl;dr - still plays like Early Access; minimally supportedYes, I got my money's worth. Yes I was enjoying it. At this point, it is on the shelf until improved. I would love to play more but will not. The reasons are below.A very flexible game that let's you be the General Manager for a team at almost any level of hockey. You manage coaching staff, scouts, players and contracts. You can coach at a very detailed level or leave those details to the AI. Many features will let you play your way.Even though the game has a lengthy manual, much of how it works it not explained. This is one of those games that you need to figure out and google. You will learn about hockey and how it works. You will learn about how hockey works and how this game is different.I learned the game and the many options. While I found it acceptable, I also find it falls short in some important design areas.For example,hereis a long list of possible enhancements for the latest version 1.1. You can see in this discussion that the developer is not aligned with the reality of their game (regarding salary cap). This shows a lack of thorough design.When I first bought the game at version 1.0.2, it would frequently lock up. There was a work-around where you could ""go on vacation"" to get past the day with the error but you were then missing the simulation for that day. This error was fixed in 1.1.1, more than two months after release. This error was related to simulating many leagues when you play and again shows a lack of thorough design.What finally made me put it on the shelf is that after being fired from my favorite team and working 7 game years and more than 300 actual hours to return to that team, it is not possible to GM the team because my old history is not reset upon re-hire. This means the team has no tolerance for my presence and is a hair away from firing me as soon as I start the job. Again, something that seems like a lack of thorough design.So even though it is version 1.1, I would label it 0.8 or 0.9. It's close but not yet ready for long term playability.edit: I've noticed that they only tend to support the game for about a week after a release. There is a release about once a quarter so there's not much support.Here is an example.If you do end up buying the game, save often, it still locks up pretty frequently."
,Recommended,301120,15071268,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SimplyMonkey,I'm a huge FM and hockey fan so I'm amazed I've only found out about this series today of all days.  I've only played a few hours but so far I'm liking it.  It's got a lot of promise and has some really good elements from the FM games.  The screens are easy to navigate and the stats are easy to find and read.If you buy this game make sure to download updated rosters from The Blue Line as this is not a licensed game (yet).  You might also want to download graphics and face packs to enhance your experience.As Early Access games go this is shaping up very nicely so far and I am more than happy to support this franchise.  Hopefully development continues and we get some really cool things implemented.  There are already buzzing forums containing wishlists for the game so I'm really looking forward to what the future holds.TLDR: If you are a sports fan/hockey fan and also like Football Manager you will love this game.
76561198150278941,Recommended,301120,20646953,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[MKN] Thunder,"This game is awesome. Decently priced, has everything it needs, if you're looking for a hockey version of Football Manager, this is it."
76561198062875997,Recommended,301120,22854985,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,curtis-thomas97,"This is the best game ever! I remember playing this as a kid back in the day. When I saw it was coming back just over a year I go I was excited to be back at it.There are several things that could make this game even better:1. Better player interaction - team meetings and 121 talks with players would be a bonus.2. Better contract negotiations.3. Being able to arrange friendly international games.4. Being able to hold training camps for lesser teams (  the elite league doesn't allow them but I know the teams have them prior to the start of the season ).5. Forming new affiliated teams.On a whole this game can take hours of your life it has with mine and it will for many, many, many more hours. I recommend this game to every hardcore hockey fan, and anyone who would like to get into the sport.The league coverage is huge especially in the British league. We aren't the most skillful league but they have the top 6 leagues in the country all playable.With just a few tweets and this game could easily take over my life!"
,Recommended,301120,29275004,Posted: 15 January,all,MRTNW,"Good game to waste a lot of hours on.It's a bit tough getting into it and finding everything, but once you get to that point, it feels easy. Transfers are a bit unrealistic at times and sometimes it feels a bit too easy to win the league. But all in all a great hockey (GM) manager game.Remember to download the addons though! :-)"
,Recommended,301120,15226144,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ƨkeirma,"*** UPDATED REVIEW FROM EARLY ACCESS ***It's gotten much better since Early Access.The reason why I love this simulator is because it's constantly being updated, and it also has a Workshop hub which isn't even something I originally predicted this game having. The fact that they're doing literally everything they can to incorporate as many fixes; features, and updates with rosters, teams, and even more proves that this game will be timeless for quite some time.But again, it is only a simulator so if you want the real hockey video gaming experience sadly you got to shell out the money for a PS4 and copies of EA Sports NHL every year. Every bug I've ever seen has been patched quickly, every feature I've wanted besides a few have been already put into this game. Besides no means of easily adjusting Salary Cap, Rosters, and Attributes between Playing and Non Playing staff this game has basically everything needed for a proper hockey sim. It's expanding to more and more leagues, and they even update the rosters regularly.It's nice to see a game having such support for such a small fanbase, even the Workshop has all the facepacks you could ever need. So far it's kind of a slow start out of early access, but this simulator has limitless potential in the long run.Graphics: 10/10Everything is aesthetically pleasing and as cohesive as it needs to be, with the Workshop addon it's easy to get the team logos you want without much fuss. I've ultimately no complaints with the GUI, as everything works as intended and should.Engine: 9.5/10The speeds are as fast as they've ever been with as good looking of a GUI as you can get, completely optimal in every way. Injuries for some reason seem more reasonable, but still far too common. There must be an option to either increase or reduce chance of injuries, because I feel for the entire NHL league they are FAR too common.Customizability: 6.5/10The game is fairly basic even now, as I previously mentioned in my Early Access review there's no real way to edit the leagues completely. I'd love to be able to add, edit, and delete teams from leagues just to experiment around with them. Usually simulators like this will have a sandbox-ish feel, but I feel fairly limited to original concepts which doesn't really have a ""refreshing"" effect if you think about it. It'd be nice to at least edit rosters, and staff however - you can import EHM 2007 databases which you can edit at your own will but to be frank that's quite a bit of a hassle.Some more open modding support would be awesome as well, or at least - more settings to tweak. Few more complaints is there's no way to edit rosters, staff, salary caps, etc... It feels less like a ""Manager"" more like just a ""Be A GM."" This isn't to say the simulator isn't accurate and doesn't meet it's intended purpose, but Simulator and Sandbox are something that go hand-in-hand. Especially when you're trying to make things interesting, and have fun with different ideas. I raised this to a 6.5 from a 6, because a lot of the bugs preventing personnel customization and hiring were fixed (like hiring physio's + scouts from players.)Interface: 10/10Though the resolutions you can use do not have the ability to be custom, there are new selectable resolutions! Basically all the standard resolutions, but it's so nice being able to just play 720p on my third monitor. The GUI is quickly responsive, and very intuitive. Easy to learn after a few clicks around, and nice to look at. I use the minimal GUI without pictures, background images, and news images to speed up the sims a little. Still looks great, and runs very smoothly.Functionality: 10/10Although some of the resident errors still pop up every once in a blue moon, there are no crashes I've found yet. You can usually just mash right through the errors and the game will still continue to no fault, it's a rare a game can just work through errors so I have to say these devs did a spectacular job with this simulator.Sound: ?/?Sound isn't a necessary or objective need in a simulator game, by any means and will not be counted towards the score.Overall: 9.2The workshop support is astounding, hopefully some people will make some addons relating to being able to edit rosters; salary caps, etc... very easily. Being hoinest this will probably be the closest I ever give a review to any game being this close to it's objective ""Perfect 10."" The support is awesome, rosters are residually updated and tweaked. Bugs are fixed commonly, and so far the game lives up to expectations and standards and even exceeds. Being honest I can only imagine this game getting better and better with time. It's not common that a game will have the ability to be timeless, but a simulator like this probably could being given the right amount of ""Tender Loving Care"" or ""TLC"" as it ages.tl;dr: This STILL was totally worth the $15 I spent on it, in short."
76561198039728776,Recommended,301120,15079246,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Justin Bouffon,"This.I've been waiting for this for eight years, as many of you have. I've racked up hundreds of hours getting teams of young guns to reach the mightiest of prizes, the Great Lord Stanley's Grail. Countless nights of sleep were sacrificed when came the real season: so many sodas... so many chips (crisps, for our friends in the UK).Bathroom breaks were (unwisely) postponed when my Habs played the Bruins (almost systematically) in legendary first-round skirmishes. Meals were skipped. Assignments were botched.Life, however, uh, found a way.And now, thanks to the dedication of the people at SI, I can rejoice (at long last) the return of the Prodigal Son.I've only played a few hours thus far, but I am ecstatic! This is no beta test, this is a very polished, very stable game and it delivers. Plus, with the help of the just-as-dedicated people of TBL, there is a fresh, up-to-date roster pack waiting for you to be savoured. I don't think I could thank them enough for their generosity for the past eight years, nor would my words amount to their work.I will say that the resolution (fixed 1024x768) is my main irritant, but it is in NO way a major source of irritation; it is merely an attempt at searching for a ""con"" amidst a very impressive number of ""pros"".You're a hockey fan? Get this. Now. 16,99$ (yeah yeah, the Canadian dollar took a drop) is ridiculously low for an early access of this quality."
,Recommended,301120,15698554,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BlindEarth80,Every hockey fan should purchase this game. It is such a deep simulation; really puts the Be A GM mode in EA's NHL series to shame.
76561198093824181,Recommended,301120,15154426,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,skypager,"Eastside will always get my support and my money, whetever the cost. So many great memories playing this game over the last 8 years.After playing this version for a while I decided I prefer the old version a lot more. The layout of the EA version is difficult to navigate and making a team yours by trading is next to impossible. Hopefully some more patches will be released and the game will be fun to play again."
,Recommended,301120,25517613,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,singe,Overall a good game if you like both hockey and manager games. The game is essentially the same as the 2007 version and I do wish the developers would expand on that by adding new features such as a dynamic salary cap or player related events.
,Recommended,301120,17636037,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Who Else But Christmas,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game is already so good and still has such great potential, coming from a die hard hockey fan, I love this game.Pros:Scouting - Scouting mission details can be changed like player age, position, or ignore well known players/prospects, and it really helps you find the players you need, whether you're playing as Arizona stocking up on talent, or Detroit looking for a diamond in the rough, or Montreal and you are looking for some proven foreign skill to boulster your roster for the cup run, you can find the players you need. You can also generalize the scouting by assigning a scout to a continent, or country/nation, or you can assign him to individual leagues, you can even assign a scout to a particular player if you'd like.Game simulation- You can choose to simply speed up games to get it over with, or you can watch the game real time and make tactical changes, line changes, etc.Line Changes/team tactics/unit tactics/player tactics- Wow. Just great. You can change defensive zone strategies, neutral zone defensive strategies/positioning, neutral zone offensive strategies/positioning, forecheck, breakout strategies, offensive zone strategies, and of course special team units like PP and PK. You can choose which player is le playmaker of the line, choose who takes faceoffs (which is great I'll explain further in), etc you have absolute control of your lines. You can also change individual tactics, so if you have two offensive players and a power forward on your first line, you can change the line to not body check often or hard, and not be aggressive, then go to your power forward individually and make him check hard, play aggressively and with a high tempo to balance out your line, or set a defensive type of player to shadow an opposing player and keep him in check.You also have control over practice so you can train what coaches do what (coaches have attributes like coaching defensive players at 17/20, but then he might have 11/20 for coaching forwards and a poor goalie stat as well, so make him only handle defeinsive training. I believe it helps, clarification would be nice though. You can make certain player focus on an area of the game that maybe he is weak at, or boost what he's good at even more. You can have signing bonuses for games played, points, shut outs, etc.Those are a few things that stuck out that I likedCons:Now, I know you want it to be hardcore simulation, very in depth etc. But damn, it takes a looooong time to get through seasons. I want to go outside and do♥♥♥♥♥♥still, and have a life. I like it being in depth. Although I have quite a bit of time played, I find it extremely hard to get in to when it takes me like six hours or sometimes longer to finish the season. Just make an option to set a date a date simulate up to it. I know that's like EA NHL's simulaion, but it does work good. Or at least a quick sim game option. I know it might ""dumb the game down"" but the players that don't want it don't have to use it. Not everyone has time to play for six hours, although it's so good I have played for even longer in one session before. It may also interfere with game longevity, so I guess it's a choice the devs need to make. I really hope that isn't an option already that I haven't found lmao.Player Overall and progression- (My only semi-major gripe about something wrong/broken with the game, not having quick sim is not wrong/broken, it's just not included)This is pretty simple to understand why it must change slightly... I will have great prospects for the future, but they are young and only really strong in the physical category on the far right like speed, strenghth etc. and since they are so strong in that category, they have a four star ""current rating"" so if he's playing in the AHL he will be unhappy because he's rated four stars, but then I call him up, and he's a complete liability on the ice, and he does poorly in the big league, and his potential may drop or he may not grow properly. The worst part is, if you don't call them up they will get unhappy and eventually request a trade and in some cases not resign a contract so you just lost out on a valuable draft pick simply because he was being a cocky bigot (imporper use of bigot ik) that thought he was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ then his hopes got crushed and blames it on me. If there's a way to fix this, I'd love some clarification, maybe I'm the only one with the problem. That being said, the rookies are in no way broken lol, this happened in a few particular cases. but maybe make it so that certain statistics count more towards your current rating and others less, physical category should have the ""least say"" in the current rating. Also, maybe have an overall stat or at least break up the stats into better catagories like defensive, offensive, physical, it is sort of like that but then teamwork is in defense (could be in both but offense makes more sense IMO) and stick checking and positioning is in offense so it's a bit odd when figuring out what type of player a player is. I don't really like the player type system either and how it changes. I draft a rookie and he is a playmaking offensive forward for 2 years, then he grew one year and he turned into a two-way. Maybe have a current player role and projected player role like what sort of player he will be at his peak (which you can alter using the practice system), and not just a comparison to an NHL player. I saw you did so in the most recent update, although I think the player/prospect progression could use some more tweaking. Although I have decent time played, I'm still learning so if I have gotten anything wrong I'd love an explanation on how a few mechanics work:) and I know it's early access so it's not fully complete, but it's already a great, complete game in my book. I recommend this 100% to anyone thinking about purchasing. My Vancouver Canucks did great in regular season, and got swept in the first round by a division rival. 8/8 realism. Love the game, looking forward to updates. Would continue to play even if you didn't update.:) Sorry for the long review. P.S. I'd rather spend 60$ on this rather then the 60$ I spent on NHL 15 on ""Next-Gen"" (lol) consoles."
76561198029704499,Recommended,301120,29931999,Posted: 14 February,all,tora75,"Lots of free updates and improvements since release. I never played the original version but it appears that they have managed to resurrect an old game by making some great changes. Workshop integreation and a strong community makes this a steal at 9.99 if you like sports management games. Sure the interface isn't as slick as the other hockey sim game on the market, but it works and is intuitive.It's not as deep as Football Manager but it's pretty darn close. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,301120,15407233,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Maple.Rinne,"Gotta say, I wasn't expecting this much from this game:It's an incredibly detailed Hockey simulator that says ""Early Access"" but besides some UI changes that could be made, looks like it could be a full-blown game right now. It's a game that is easy to lose yourself in and you know you want to come back to play it once you've shut it down. Even though right now the game doesn't have actual NHL rosters in, it is incredibly easily to download the real rosters and facepacks to go along with it. The Blueline website does a better job than EA has ever done on their NHL games at updating their rosters; you can expect an updated roster almost once a week during the regular season from the website.There are a couple of problems with the game right now, obviously. The trading in the game doesn't work very well. You never see a blockbuster trade in the game and teams are constantly sending good players that are underperforming through the waivers. On my simulation Dion Phaneuf had a 50 point season but when I put him on the block, the best trade offer I can expect is a couple of 3rd or 4th round draft picks. This could be because of his salary, but I still think the game's trading mechanics need to be a little reworked.If you are looking for an extremely detailed GM simulator than Eastside Hockey Manager is the game to get. Don't let the ""Early Access"" deceive you, this is a game that is easy to waste hours on and is challenging and rewarding. Recommended to anyone that loves hockey and wants to know what goes on behind the scenes!"
,Recommended,301120,16577043,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,George Green,Great game for people wanting to get the feeling of being an GM. Much better than EA's GM modes
,Recommended,301120,16293418,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Xcelsioralot,"It's good to see that a franchise is back after pretty long time , haven't played much yet , but can easily say it's an addictive hockey game . Its Not Like EA Sports NHL "" Be a GM "" where you pretty much just jump in the game and play , Eastside Hockey Manager requires learning your players (Attributes , Positions etc. ) and there's no such thing as ""Overall"" where you can easily understand which player is best or worst .  If someone finds no teams logos or players photos a problem , you can visitehmtheblueline.com, where you can download latest rosters and logos. ( You Have To Register For Some Extra Content )Only problem I had was that 1024 x 768 is only resolution avaivable.Its early access so far but we must admit its pretty good game with a low price."
,Recommended,301120,26361423,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gary87,Only complaint at this point is lack of updates.
,Recommended,301120,15880959,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Pequisto,"I've been playing EHM for over 10 years starting with the original EHM before buying EHM 2005 and EHM 2007.  I've probably logged well over 2000 hours between database editing, participating in challenges over on EHM the Blue Line as well as enjoying it on my laptop as a welcome distraction on long flights.The game's core has not changed and believe me when I say that this truly is a good thing.  What has changed are numerous improvements including an interface that makes navigation easier, international tournaments are far more realistic and the game AI seems to have finally become more lifelike.If you're a hockey fan and you like sims, don't hesitate to invest in this.  Just remember to brush your teeth."
76561198136757296,Recommended,301120,18172713,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,TheBawlssack,"Game is great. It is the best hockey management sim out there. Totally worth the price you pay for it. Again, the only issue is that they do not have widescreen support. I would be content with just windowed mode being fixed, but I am patient."
,Recommended,301120,15080708,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ramster34,"If you like the Be a Gm mode in the NHL games, you will be sucked into this. very addicting and in-depth game. I normally don't support early access games due to the fact majority never get completed, this is a developer I trust will make this great game even better if they see the support for it is there. For hockey fans I highly reccomend it, reccomend to anyone but very much so for hockey fans."
76561198005092033,Recommended,301120,17779099,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Chemtrail,"I was a huge fan of EHM 2007 , when i see EHM EA on steam in march i was crying loll Was hoping for this game since 2009 , now that its out it is one of the best game on steam if you are a BE A GM fan.10/10 will tank for McDavid and not get it"
,Recommended,301120,15079866,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sibirus,"Лучшая игра в жанре хоккейных менеджеров за последние 10 лет! Познакомился с серией в 2005, и уже тогда игра сразу зацепила своей детальной проработкой каждого момента хоккейной жизни. Если вы любите хоккей во всех мелочах: проработка своей базы перспективных игроков, отслеживание статистики игроков, подбор лучшего персонала вашей команды от скаута до главного тренера и многое другое, то эта игра однозначно для вас! Релиз игры в Steam (в будущем мультиплеер через steam) и обновления каждые 2 недели! Итог: шикарное возрождение серии, разработчики заслужили нашей поддержки!The best game in the genre of hockey manager for the past 10 years! Play series EHM since 2005, and even then the game immediately caught his detailed study of every moment of the hockey life. If you like hockey in every detail: study its base promising players, tracking statistics of players, selection of the best people on your team to scout to head coach, and much more, this game is definitely for you! Release of the game in Steam (in the future multiplayer via steam) and update every 2 weeks! Result: royal revival of the series, the developers deserve our support! Great!!!"
,Recommended,301120,15117859,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,breakdowns.,"I love hockey, and I like FM, these two things together can make one damn good game!!"
,Not Recommended,301120,15121389,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SettleR,"It's kinda hard to put a rate on this game. First of all i want to thank SI for doing this, we really need a new Hockey Manager game. But when i started playing this Early Access it just feels like a new skin for EHM 2007. No big new featuers, and my expectations that many of the functions from Football Manager would be included in this game was wrong. And that makes me really worried. Because atm i feel that there is no need for me to stop playing a updated version of 2007 if there isnt any big difference between the games.I know that this is a early access game so many thing can happen along the way. But the lack of new functions makes me worried for the future. But i will still support this development. But i hope that you are doing it 100% SI and not only a fast rework of a old game."
,Recommended,301120,28597138,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Greekish,"Greaattt game.I'd have to easily say this is the best Hockey GM game on Steam. FHM isn't even as good as this.Also note; you're not actually playing hockey in this, rather bring the GM of the team.And there are many mods that download facepacks, logos, and rosters."
,Recommended,301120,25314938,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Forgo,"Ever since stumbling onto the first original EHM Freeware over 15 years ago, this game frachise has consumed more hours of my life than any game set out to.No regrets."
76561198216673372,Recommended,301120,30329989,Posted: 4 March,all,mahowney,"This is one of those niche games that most gamers probably wouldn't like but a certain demographic will obsess on.If you're a NHL or hockey fan. If you've ever played fantasy hockey. If you obsess on your favorite team and what would make it better. If you ever wanted to blow up an eternal loser like my Canucks (:sadface:) and rebuild the way you'd want to see it. This game is for you.I've probably played this game more than all other games combined in my life. I've spent literally tens of thousands of hours on this game since it's inital release in 2004 and it honestly hasn't changed much since then. There's been some tweaks here and there in the game's 13+ year history but it's still essentially the same text based sports management sim now that it was then. As someone who loves sports sims and I've played most of then, NHL Eastside is the absolute best and deepest one I've ever played. You control every aspect of the playing side of the game. Transactions, waivers, minor teams, drafts, personnel, strategies, contracts, scouting and free agent signings.The most engrossing thing for me has always been developing young players and working them into your system. Under your guidance players like Connor McDavid, Patrik Laine, Auston Matthews and other prospects can either flourish or flounder in your system.I'm not sure if casual fans will enjoy it. But if you're a hardcore hockey, sports strategy/sports management games fan EHM is a peak experience. Even today 13 years later, I still get the urge and thrill of spending an evening obsessing on this game fairly often."
,Recommended,301120,25169283,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Your #1 Benchwarmer,">GM of the Vancouver Canucks>Buyout Brandon Prust>Few days later>Email from Assistant GM>""Hey so I've been in contact with this player who's wondering if we can offer him a contract"">Brandon ♥♥♥♥ing Prust>Sign him to a 575k deal>25 goals, 15 assists, becomes a great 3rd liner10/10 would do again"
,Recommended,301120,19481323,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,brandoN,"My first management game. I did try GM mode in EA NHL but it was frustrating and lacking in depth. This game has TONS of depth. More than you will probably use but it's there anyways. You can add in custom rosters and with tools, add and modify players. Multiplayer has just been added but I'm looking forward to it and I think it will add another dimension to the game."
,Recommended,301120,21334675,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ben,Once you figure out the interface and the mechanics this game is amazing.
76561198017314867,Recommended,301120,27214846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drumek,Probably the best hockey sim now.
76561198118818694,Recommended,301120,27076879,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thanandro,This game is a great way to let out some hockey frustration. Who wouldn't have thought in the moment of loss or team playing bad that that coach deserves to be fired or that player needs to be sold. Well those dreams can be made true in this game. And it is quite entertaining even when not firing the coach. Workshop provides easy access to the much needed databases for the players and the staff.
76561198034312161,Recommended,301120,25674532,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mb1412,"This is a game for all those who liked the GM modes in EA sports games.On that note though, this game is way more invovled, has a whole new level of depth that EA hasn't even scratched the surface of, and is a lot more fun.The mechanics of the game do take a little while to learn and even once you think you know everything it can be easy to forget exactly the steps you need to take to do something simple.Once you get past a seemlingly old looking interface, this game is fantastic."
76561198069883026,Recommended,301120,19610558,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cola Galch,"The Good ;- The simulation engine is much better. Scores are more realistics and player statistics after a season are more like real life.- In the real NHL speed is pretty much around the same for all players except a select few who have incredible speed or are really slow. In game most players have speed ratings difference of ~10 except a couple of players (Hagelin, Kreider).- In game ratings are mostly well balanced and are very close to that of the real life player. (Note that ratings can be changed with a 3rd party freeware).- Drafting is very nice having good players in most drafts lets you get good prospects on a yearly basis.- Player development is good. Keep in mind that you need good coaching staff with the rating ""working with youngster"" high enough for the prospect to develop well.The Bad ;- Trading is awefull, Wanting to trade my Stamkos, i was offered a 2nd round pick and two 3rd round picks by all of the teams that had interest into him, Same goes when trying to trade for a player. EG : I needed a first line key winger and i had a surplus of Key 1-2 defender. I offered Subban for Kessel and they did not want to negotiate, so just out of curiosity i add four 1st round picks and they still would not want any part of it. Overall trading needs to be tweeked but you can get a steal every now and then when a team is desperate or overly incompetent.- Way to many injury blows or long term injury. At one point in my game, Galchenyuk, Subban, Price and Pacioretty had over 3 months injury. the longest was Price with 8 months. This to say, i was left with an AHL team in my hands."
,Recommended,301120,29212107,Posted: 12 January,all,greasy dishes,"I totally enjoyed the game but I'm not sure if it's easy.I had to watch some youtube guys to figure out how some parts work,It requires time anyway so I guess if you like mysteries you're going to love it for sure. As far as I'm concerned there is still something in the game that seems to be mystery for me.P.S. I liked to choose abilities of players, it was fun."
,Recommended,301120,29859791,Posted: 11 February,all,PublicNuisance,It was a long time waiting for a successor for EastSide Manager 2007. I had bought that game 4 times due to DRM issues. Luckily with Steam I shouldn't have to buy this more than once.In short it is every bit as good as 2007 and in some ways better. The AI seems far less likely to accept garbage deals such as dealing a large quantity of mediocre players for a 1st round draft pick which is great. There have been a few bugs but overall they have been fixed quickly in my eyes.Your players get suspended often and for longer amounts if they fight too much. I both like and dislike this. I used to employ psychos strictly to go after the other teams top players but this tactic is hamstrung by the suspensions. I don't really mind that much.Overall if you have enjoyed previous Eastside games in the past you owe it to yourself to check this out. One of the few games I can sink hours into on end and not notice the time fly by.
,Recommended,301120,17331340,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mana,"LifestyleRich GangFeaturing Birdman, Young Thug & Rich Homie QuanProduced By London On Da TrackLIFESTYLE LYRICS[Produced by London On Da Track][Intro: Both]London On Da Track ♥♥♥♥♥Rich Homie, Thugga Thugga in this motha♥♥♥♥a'Rich Homie, Thugga Thugga in this motha♥♥♥♥a'Rich Gang, Thugga Thugga babyGot like 4 ounces in a 20, ♥♥♥♥♥I'm blunted[Hook: Young Thug]I've done did a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥just to live this here lifestyleWe came straight from the bottom to the top, my lifestyle♥♥♥♥♥ livin' life like a beginner and this is only beginnin'I'm on the top of the mountain, puffin' on clouds and ♥♥♥♥♥s still beginnin'[Verse 1: Young Thug]Million 5 on the Visa cardHundred bands still look like the ♥♥♥♥in' Titans (football player)♥♥♥♥♥ servin' great white like I'm feedin' sharksI won't do nothin' with the ♥♥♥♥♥, she can't even get me hardSomethin' wrong with the ♥♥♥♥♥Even though I ain't gon' hit it, I'ma still make sure that she♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥itMe and my woadie, we don't get caught up like that, no wayWe ain't got time to go see doctors, J(Who said money?)Hop up in my bed full of forty ♥♥♥♥♥es and yawnin'Hey, think this a show ♥♥♥♥♥, I'm performin'I do this♥♥♥♥♥♥for my daughters and all my sons, ♥♥♥♥♥I'm a run up them bands, I'll take care their funds, ♥♥♥♥♥I got a moms, ♥♥♥♥♥, she got a moms, ♥♥♥♥♥I got sisters and brothers to feedI ain't goin' out like no idiot, I'm a OG[Hook: Young Thug]I've done did a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥just to live this here lifestyleWe came straight from the bottom to the top, my lifestyle♥♥♥♥♥ livin' life like a beginner and this is only beginnin'I'm on the top of the mountain, puffin' on clouds and ♥♥♥♥♥s still beginnin'[Verse 2: Young Thug]Still screamin' ""♥♥♥♥ the otherside""I'ma ride for my ♥♥♥♥♥, aye (Quan voice)And I'ma die for my ♥♥♥♥♥, aye (Quan voice)Ain't gonna be latching on my ♥♥♥♥♥s aye♥♥♥♥♥s couldn't see me if they had a genieI'ma live my life like Bennie, R.I.P. my brother BennieI stack them racks to the ceiling, now these ♥♥♥♥♥s can't beat meI just might wake wantin' Chanel and these ♥♥♥♥♥es can't see meI'm in a whole other leagueI ain't got AIDS but I swear to God I would bleed 'til I D.I.E28 floors up I feel like I could F.L.Y.E.EPee on top of these ♥♥♥♥♥esGod told me they can never stop me so they ain't gon' stop me(I'm in that Corvette with baby mommy gettin' sloppy toppy)I'm bleedin' red like a devil, I see these ♥♥♥♥♥es plottingThey wanna know how I got M's and I didn't finish college[Hook: Young Thug]I've done did a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥just to live this here lifestyleWe came straight from the bottom to the top, my lifestyle♥♥♥♥♥ livin' life like a beginner and this is only beginnin'I'm on the top of the mountain, puffin' on clouds and ♥♥♥♥♥s still beginnin'[Verse 3: Rich Homie Quan]I do it for my daddy, I do it for my mamaThem long nights, I swear to God I do it for the come upI'm Willie B beating on my chest, in the jungle, ayeMoney on money, I got commas in every bankSunday through Monday I've been grindin' with no sleepTalkin' 'bout takin' somethin' from me, like no wayThugga Thugger, that's my brother, brotherYou don't want no trouble trouble or you can get these fists, knuckle, knuckleBuckle up like a seatbelt or I'll shoot yahPunchin' on the gas, too fast, and I lose yahGive me a bed, and I'll do her, I want her head, MedusaI swear a ♥♥♥♥♥ gone cause this strong I'm blowin' superGrindin' for a new dayI'm skatin', like that ♥♥♥♥♥ LupeAye, I'm on the top just like toupeeAye, I'm in her mouth just like toothpaste[Hook: Young Thug]I've done did a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥just to live this here lifestyleWe came straight from the bottom to the top, my lifestyle♥♥♥♥♥ livin' life like a beginner and this is only beginnin'I'm on the top of the mountain, puffin' on clouds and ♥♥♥♥♥s still beginnin'[Outro: Birdman]Sitting in the middle of this ocean, Pacific that isYou understand me? Bunch of bad ♥♥♥♥♥es, ya heard?Popping that GTV, living that lifestyle, ya heard?I do this for Ms. Gladys, boy - 100"
,Recommended,301120,19559030,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Marc-Andre Fleury <3,"One of the best Management games on Steam. This game is an enjoyable experience for anyone who loves sports and likes management games. The 2D Graphics are smooth and easily followable, and the tactics are in-depth and provide a wide range of ways to play each game and develop your team. The game's tutorial is easily followable, but they could use some more added (especially the draft, that had me stumped a bit). The statistics portion allows in-depth analysis of all players in order to create your dream team and lead your team to victory.On the bad side, each game can somewhat take an overly long amount of time, even playing on fast and very fast speeds. The fast forward speed is what you will use for most games throughout the season. The difficulty is variable and on my first season I was able to win the Stanley Cup. I feel like they should make some new degrees of difficulty and they should allow us to change it (unless I'm missing something and just couldn't find the option)The game is surprisingly addicting and lovable, and the $20 price tag makes it completely worth it. Easily a better deal than the money-grabbing Football Manager made by the same developer as this game. So far EHM has not dissapointed me and I'm looking forward to more seasons.Overall I give this game a 9/10 as a lover of management games. If you're not into the Management series of games or if you're looking for a hockey game such as EA's NHL Series, this is NOT FOR YOU. If you do not like this style of game, you could be bored and you may not enjoy it at all. EDIT: I nominated this game for the Steam Awards and you should too!Thanks for Reading!-Joe ""Bonzaijoe"""
76561198084346512,Recommended,301120,15068216,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,eh,"I played EHM 2007 all the way until I bought my latest computer and had no way to transfer the license, so getting the news that there was an early access version of a new EHM made me so excited that I bought the game without even checking the supported platforms.I managed to get the game installed on Linux by running Steam with Wine, and took a quick test drive. At the moment, it seems that it is mostly just a facelifted version of EHM 2007 with new league structures and updated (if scrambled) data.I was expecting a bit more, to be honest (didn't have the time to check if they've fixed the salary cap mechanics or the entry-level deals to actually span three years even if you sign the prospect in the spring), but just having an EHM which works on my machine makes me extremely happy. I somehow managed to kick my Football Manager habit umpteen years ago, so this just might be my favourite video game franchise of all times."
76561198061033895,Recommended,301120,18893101,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Blaynal,A damn good game. Damn fine.WARNING: There are a lot of people in the Discussions section that like to say that the developers suck and that the game sucks. These people are womanly man-babies that don't know the difference between a puck and a football.DON'T LISTEN TO THESE MAN-BABIES.Honestly worth every penny.
,Recommended,301120,17543429,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ryliis -Ran-,>Playing as Canadians>Win division 4 years in a row>Get knocked out in second round by Lightning every year10/10 for realism
76561198155355519,Recommended,301120,25991075,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jacques ingoff,"if you play the GM mode in EA Sports NHL series and are disappointed year after year with the lack of depth and challenge, this could be what you're looking for.there are a couple of hurdles right off the hop that can turn off a new player, but if you get passed them, you should be on your way to a rewarding (and time devouring) experience.first hurdle is the lack of official licenses (except for, i think, EIHL & EPHL [U.K.]), but this is easily overcome with community made databases and picture/logo packs either from the steam workshop or from ehmtheblueline.second hurdle is the menu navigation.  they have improved it somewhat from when the game was in early access, but given how deep the game can be, i think the menus are about as simple as they can make them.  all i can say for this is just stick with it, you'll figure out where everything is eventually.the challenges and depth EHM offers over EAs NHL GM modes is, in my opinion, like night and day.  admittedly, i haven't touched EAs NHL series since NHL14, but i'm guessing the GM modes haven't really been touched since then.  the biggest differences i can name off the top of my head are:the closest you can get to the ice is coaching, you cannot jump onto the ice during the third period and single handedly overcome a 4 goal deficit.  that doesn't mean that your team can't do it, you just can't do it for them.  this definitely ups the challenge since you can't cheese your way to the playoffs or a cup with a no chemistry bottom feeder team.there are no solid concrete ""overall"" or ""potential"" ratings.  there are skill ratings and statistics for you to scour over and determine how they're developing and if/where they will fit into your roster.  you also have scouts, trainers, coaches, and assistant GM that will give you a fair idea of how good a player is or their potential, but like real world, they can sometimes be very wrong.  i've had players that all my staff said were going to be a first line talent or starting goalie go completely bust, and i've had players that staff said had 4th line or no potential turn out consistent 50+ point seasons.i also find trading and free agency to be far more difficult.  there are no interest meters for free agents and they may sign with another team for more than they requested when you offered.  sometimes your UFAs want to test out free agency, or just don't want to play for you anymore.  sometimes your foreign prospects wont be willing to leave their countries or teams.  you're also unlikely to be the clear cut immediate winner in a trade, especially if you're the one proposing it and the player you're offering for isn't on the trading block.  trading up 1:1 for a slightly better player is rare and you're not going to get to Crosby, Kane, Stamkos, Karlsson, Price, etc. this way.anyway, i think that covers most of the important stuff and i'm getting sick of typing.  if you want something deeper than EAs NHL GM modes and are willing/determined enough to get passed the initial hurdles, there's a potentially very addicting game that awaits... just look at my play time."
,Recommended,301120,27055727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Juice,"I have poured so much time into this game, and although it is still pretty bare-bones right now I can wholesomely recommend this game. If you've ever wanted to expand your hockey GM-work compared to EA Sports NHL, look no further. The learning curve is extremely steep, but once you learn the basics and even the advanced details you'll fall in love and want to keep playing more and more."
,Recommended,301120,27459215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fred Durst,"I can't tell you how many hours I've put into this game. Even when there is a bug, if it's reported correctly, the team responds fairly quickly. This game is absolutely incredible. The best hockey sim you will ever find."
76561198025503840,Recommended,301120,30540062,Posted: 16 March,all,Scala,"If you like manager games or you are a big hockey fan, than this game is for you. Ton of possibilities, options to include photos for players all around the world and get that cup you always wanted for your team. (even tho in KHL it might be close to impossible for some.. )"
76561198047280648,Recommended,301120,17154357,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rökötiili,"I love this game. Best hockey manager game there is. There are still few things I hope to see. I would die for more playable leagues, even some smaller leagues like Australian league and Ukrainian league would be awesome to be playable. Also I would love to have more player conversation options and media things. Also there should be more options for financial stuff, like it would be nice to be able to change ticket prices and stuff.But those were just suggestions. I am still going to rate this game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,301120,19441019,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hey U,realistic hockey manager
,Recommended,301120,29930444,Posted: 14 February,all,Toby Keith,"I was gonna write a long review about this game but instead i'll just sum it up like thisIf you're someone who plays chel on xbox/ps and spends a lot of time trading, scouting, drafting, teambuilding, etc - buy this gameIf you're someone who plays chel on xbox/ps but only likes to control the players, play the games, and avoids all that trading, signing, drafting stuff - don't buy this gameIf you're just a big fan of the Football Manager games - why have'nt you bought this game already"
76561198145739968,Recommended,301120,24999303,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SlimySnakeGaming,Very good game for any hockey fan
76561198013107580,Recommended,301120,27831559,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pain,Almost 500 hours in and i still love this game. It brought back my love for manager-games i used to have. A must buy for any hockey-fan
,Recommended,301120,18173665,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,lostapiarist,Great GM/Coach hockey simulator. Highly customizable with mods from the community. Developer is constantly improving the game. Never thought the Canucks would win the Stanley Cup....never say never!
76561198227672156,Recommended,301120,18178509,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,jpjhiseler,"If you are a fan of hockey and games where you manage all sorts of details, this is for you. Highly recommended to anyone. 9/10"
76561198129797972,Recommended,301120,18201866,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,hoping this game works,"Awesome game!!!! Perfect for those loking for an in-depth, hockey managerial experience.9/10"
,Recommended,301120,33102164,Posted: 1 July,all,Vapexor,"The sh*t.Been playing since freeware ehm so, keep 'em coming."
,Recommended,301120,21167547,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MiniMoose,Not without its faults but it is the best hockey management simulator you can buy
,Recommended,301120,19897941,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bo Neslek,TL;DRIf you'vei) any interest in the front office aspect of hockeyorii) played and enjoyed Football Manager gamesoriii) love lifeyou'll enjoy EHM.Logo and player pic mods are a must.
,Recommended,301120,15164609,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Världens Mästare,"Only hockey manager game available, and it's good, even as early access."
,Recommended,301120,15173853,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Skippy The Magnificent,Feels polished after a solid week of playing I'm completely addicted.
,Not Recommended,301120,33323982,Posted: 6 July,all,beees,"Really wanted to like this game but it's just way too unrealistic to enjoy, and somehow is worse than the GM mode in EA NHL games in some ways. Not really sure how it is so highly regarded in these reviews...The trade AI is completely broken. The AI makes ridiculous trades but won't do obvious ones. There is nothing developed into the game to gauge the value of several common things IRL. Severely undervalues draft picks (can't trade 5 first overalls and a top liner for a top 4 defencemen?), Severely overvalues the current year's draft pick (can fleece the AI on their next 3 picks with your current 1st) but also simultaneously undervalues freshly drafted players (can turn around and basically steal their recently drafted 1st rounder that you could never have traded for prior to drafting), Doesn't understand the concept of a rental player, Can't understand the value in dumping a bad contract. On top of this, prospects take forever to develop (good luck getting your first rounder with high potential into the NHL before their 5th year after drafting).... the list goes on and on. Unfortunate because I was really looking forward to this game and bought it literally the first day it was on early access years ago. Have given it several tries but can't really see the point in trying to enjoy this game anymore. Hopefully OOTPD will put a lot of work into FHM4 and we'll finally have a decent NHL GM game to play."
,Recommended,301120,19851488,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lynx358,The Best Hockey Manager there is.
76561198006751232,Recommended,301120,15103559,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,irishcatgod,Great Hockey Sim. I would definitely recommend this game to hockey and / or sport sim enthusiasts.
,Recommended,301120,15081023,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Madagain,Made my day opening Steam and seeing the EHM was back. If you're a hockey fan there is no excuse not to buy this game.
76561198047917629,Recommended,301120,15069665,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bread and Butter,"Fantastic beta, just needs UI polishing but why would you waist time on then when you're unsure of the popularity. Really hope it kicks off!"
,Recommended,301120,15070325,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Zzyzx,Finally a hockey sim with a lot of promise from a good developer. Love the game so far.
76561198093956364,Recommended,301120,15069092,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Masahgai,"So excited to see this series on Steam Early Access!  From what I have see so far, this game is almost a carbon copy of EHM 2007, which isn't a bad thing.  I am really looking forward to watching this game grow and evolve with input from the community."
,Recommended,301120,19658605,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Razma,">Be me>Play as Pittsburgh>Choke in the playoffs every year>Execute BuffaloFireSale.exe>Gain a dynasty of young players and win a load of cups>2EzPz4MeZ.bat>Year 2092 and have more cups than Montreal>Start to think this is not realistic>But>Wait>Realise the Flyers have yet to win a cup in over 100 years100/9 Realism, would buy again."
,Not Recommended,301120,15139546,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Ebola,"I bought this game the second after discovering SI is developing it and I will keep my fingers crossed for this project, because I would love to play a good hockey sim. However, I can't recommend it to anyone right now, because it feels like a sloppy EHM 2007 clone with worse interface and no new features whatsover. It is still in early access, but apparently, there are no major improvements planned and the main goal of the devs is to ""polish it""."
,Recommended,301120,15119451,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bob Star,"I've been playing this series since FHM 2005, although it was FHM 2007 that I put in hundreds of hours.  This version of the game is an iterative improvement over FHM 2007.  It appears to be a conservative migration to SI's latest app engine, but maintains a very similar flow to EHM 2007, not the latest Football Manager game.With that said, this game is simply spectacular.  I've only played a few games into my season with this version (so I'm not an authority on the state of completeness) but what I've seen so far is fantastic.  I've had some gripes with FHM 2007, fortunately it appears that quite a few of them have been addressed.  The fact that SI is bringing this game back is astonishing considering how they unceremoniously dropped the game after pirating concerns shortly after it was released in 2006.  Those of us with the Mac version really got screwed since there were some terrible bugs that were never fixed.Regardless, I'm really excited for the future... If this game gets half the attention FM gets, we're in for a treat.  I have a feeling what we are playing now is a wait-and-see product- see what the respose is to this conservative effort and decide if it's worth investing any additional effort.  Judging from the response so far it should be a resounding YES, this game deserves 1st class attention!Anyway, newcomers from FM are going to need to be patient, the UI is no where near as mature as FM.  FM has had the benefit of many years of iterrative development... while EHM has been in stasis for 8 years.  Even if this release just brings EHM up to date and nothing more, we all win.  Hopefully next years release will start incorporating some of FM's ground breaking systems.This game is worth every penny whether you are new to the series or upgrading from EHM 2007.  My favorite sports sim ever, hands down."
76561198058956986,Recommended,301120,16459756,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Swaggis Broatheon,Love playing this game all the time
,Recommended,301120,24326003,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,cberson515,Great Game for any hockey fan
,Recommended,301120,25779527,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Eagle,Best hockey on pc since days of NHL 04 and EHM 07. Seeing how EA talks all the time about franchise return on PC being a possibility but never actually delivering on these words and 2K which seems to be focusing more on mobile hockey it's probably going to stay that way for some time.Changes from EHM 07 aren't exactly enormous but with workshop support modding is easier than ever and it does get some changes like (in my opinion) prettier UI and bunch of bugfixes.If you are a fan of the sport and don't mind in-depth management buying this is a no brainer.
76561198199871139,Recommended,301120,26072379,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nack,Fun game a lot of details
,Recommended,301120,15124912,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,The Pied Piper,"DISCLAIMER: I want to start out by noting a couple of things that may be relevant to people interesed in this game. First, I never played Football Manager in any form, nor did I play this game's old 2007 iteration. I had no biases coming into this game. Second, while I am a hockey fan (Go Bolts!) I was not a hardcore fan. I was (and largely am) still fairly casual in that I don't follow mundane stats, am not up to date on every player in the league and don't watch every single game.That being said. This game is fantastic! I am having loads of fun with this gaming experience and as far as I can tell will be having lots of fun for months if not years to come.Who would like this game?- anyone who enjoys management games- anyone who enjoys stats and tactical games- any sports fans (hockey is a plus!)PROS:- addictive gameplay that makes you feel involved and responsible for your teams success and failure- a ""one more turn"" type of pull (days are done in turns)- a unique and highly realistic game simulator that you can watch in real time or sped up (highly entertaining)- HEAPS of potential, this game is still in Early Access but it is very fun and playable in it's current state, updates will only launch it to new heights- in depth stats and tactics including fully realized and modeled shot analysis for games (impressive)CONS:- confusing and unoptimized UI (needs streamlining)- can't control players yourself (this should go without saying but some people don't come to grips with this concept until they're in game)- lack of useful tutorial and helpful tooltips (had to bumble around some things before finding them out myself)- no sounds except crowd noise (might benefit from certain ambient sounds a calm musical track)All in all this game as it stands is great and will only continue to get better over time. It's a low price, can be played in short bursts or long stretches, has an addictive one more turn type of gameplay that makes you feel involved and connected to your team. I love it.8.5/10"
76561198282051413,Recommended,301120,27958991,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Inoc91,For a game made by a single guy it has taken way too much of my life.
76561198047185767,Recommended,301120,18905974,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ks,5/5
,Recommended,301120,17355949,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,omgwutlol,"The best version yet of what is easily my favorite sports game of all time. I played dozens of seasons of the original freeware EHM back in the day and bought all the SI releases as well. If you like hockey or sports management sims in general, chances are you'll have a blast with it.I don't generally write reviews, but I saw somebody complaining in the comments of the latest update (15.9.0b) that this game was an Early Access ""half-product"" and that the developers had lied about their intentions. There are plenty of those kinds of games around, but EHM isn't one of them. I would've paid the asking price just to get EHM 2007 running with community mods on my modern PC system. Instead I get new features and updates with detailed logs of the changes every two weeks. If that's not good enough for you at a $15 price point - which, it should be noted, is lower than what people will pay for the game after its Early Access period is over - it might be time to reconsider the choices that have led you to this point in your life."
,Recommended,301120,26955225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kotteri,Ok game.
,Recommended,301120,17955000,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dave R,"Excellence again from SI.  I played a lot of EHM 2007 so it's nice to have a more modern version.  I'd like higher in game resolution, but other than that, not much to complain about.  An excellent compliment to the FM Series"
76561198170050210,Recommended,301120,25864762,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Batrous,"It's an interesting game for certain.I'm a PC gamer at heart and so the only hockey games I've played in the last 6-7 years have been nhl 07 and 09 on pc . I enjoyed the gm mode in those games even though it was rather easy to play. I bought this game on steam when it was on sale thinking that it could be interesting. I find that it is an interesting and challenging game to play as especially when you are someone that has never played the game. I started as toronto in the single player model to get a feel for the game. So of course I attempted to do a complete rebuild within the first week, getting all types of high end draft picks and good prospects while keeping the few young guys and veteran players around that were worth keeping. I also went too crazy in scouting and signing young free agent players. So i rather quickly found myself in a situation where I had 65 players signed to contracts and as a result I had to start trying to move them elsewhere. I got it down to about 55 or so before I decided to start again from the beginning as toronto.The scouting and free agency system in place feel much more realistic and you have to be very careful about who you sign, who you offer tryouts to, what type of deals you make with other teams because you can easily get your team into trouble in the short, medium or long terms if you make a bad signing or elevate your risk of being fired if you make a bad deal (so far I found it's rather hard to make a ""good"" deal if you know you have to get rid a player for contract reasons or cap reasons). Teams are also very reluctant to give up high draft picks or prospects which makes the game very challenging and enjoyable in seeing how far you can push other teams in deals.If there is one thing one little problem I noticed it is that it's hard to get fired in the game. My toronto team started the season off well ending up in 4th in the conference at about the quarter of a season mark. Then they lost about 15 games straight with 3 of those games being in OT/Shootout. They are 14th in the conference right now. No mention from the board about what are you doing to end this losing problem, no companing from the fans, etc. Not exactly realistic."
,Recommended,301120,26854087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tuuubes,"Football Manager, but hockey. Mod support which includes facepacks and updated rosters are available as well.Perfect for running in the background or on a second monitor when you're doing other things.Could take a while to get used to if you're unfamiliar with the genre / sport.I recommend diving in and messing around for a bit until you're comfortable, then starting over again when you know what to do. Little things like setting up your scouts for the upcoming draft (assuming you're controlling an NHL team), inviting all your prospects to training camp even if they won't make the team, setting up training for your players.Once you get a feel for the game, it's engrossing."
76561197968928855,Recommended,301120,32678656,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,"Best hockey management game out there, but s your team owner is dumb and likes to complain. It's not hard to be better than the AI to the point that you can win 15+ Stanleys Cups in a row without cheating, but it's better than EA's Be a GM mode and simulates games a lot more realistically."
,Recommended,301120,32884432,Posted: 27 June,all,L-I-M-P,"Best hockey manager game. With all respect to FHM, this game is much more fun and it supports mods. It's still improving since it has been relased, used to be much worse. Don't be scared by outdated UI, game engine works just fine. Missing some features from FM, but as side-project, it works pretty well. With mods, it entertains you for hours and hours. I recommend visitingehmtheblueline.comfor more info and mods."
,Recommended,301120,26116969,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nick Upton,"If I had to compare this to any game, it'd be Football Manager 2007. EHM has always had a very similar layout and skin to the early FMs due to Sports Interactive's involvement, so anyone used to that kind of skin and general aesthetic feel to the game will feel right at home immediately.EHM provides just enough depth for your hardcore players to immerse themselves in but is also very simple to pick up and play. The game has a hardcore community of fans and players who've played the game since its very first release and who also provide extra content and small modifications. A quick Google search will take you to a couple of forums I'm referring to.Back in my time at uni, I found myself addicted to FM12 due to its healthy all-round balance of fun gameplay and vast database. EHM is no different, and at the ripe old age of 24 I regularly find myself slipping into comatose states at 3am instead of sleeping and performing appropriately at work later that very day. Even as I write this review, I am at work. The game is brilliant.Unlike many management games, this has a 'pick up and play' quality to it and provides the option to manage a team 3 or 4 levels below the Elite League in the UK. Where tactics are concerned, you're able to give full instructions to your entire team, all lines and even individual players if you see fit, to a very specific level. If that doesn't emphasise depth, I'm not sure what does. The game is an absolute steal at £14.99 as well! Genuinely can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,301120,27151747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wormatsu,They have taken what was great in EHM 07 and given it a touch-up. The latest edition of Eastside Hockey Manager is sure to grab any hockey fan by the neck and pull him/her in for long periods of time.
,Recommended,301120,32834704,Posted: 26 June,all,pedro,"A really good and realistic hockey management simulator with a lot of different leagues. With the Steam Workshop (updated rosters, player photos etc.) this is easily the best hockey simulator out there. If you enjoy management games in general, this is worth every cent."
76561198343444971,Recommended,301120,27529184,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,homey_sth,I discovered EHM back in its freeware days and it is a franchise that I am so glad to be able to continue to play. The game provides hundreds of hours worth of enjoyment - the addictedness rating for it is through the roof and sometimes you get so wrapped up that you forget there's a world outside. With expansions via teh Steam Workshop this game is by far the best installment of EHM to date and I look forward to further updates and advancements from its dedicated developers and supporters. Thank you for this gem!
,Recommended,301120,27535720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blimp,"Hands down the best hockey simulation game on the market. With a fairly extensive history behind it, EHM is backed by a large group of dedicated modders to keep the game fresh, and fun to play. While it does not have the same backing power from SI as Football Manager does, be patient and give the game some time to develop and grow into something far larger and greater.Would definetly recommend!"
,Recommended,301120,27679816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rawbnoxious,Everything you've ever wanted in a sports simulator.
76561198075397684,Recommended,301120,17751817,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Cheezzyman3,"A solid title for any Ice Hockey fan looking for a PC game to sink some time (or the rest of their spare time) in. The only wish I have for the game is make it possible to simulate groups of days at a time; clicking continue everyday during the offseason when I already have my roster set up for the next year can become rather tiresome. That said, this game is well worth the price tag for any hockey fan. If you are thinking about buying it, think no more and go for it!"
76561197993651854,Recommended,301120,26973918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GDI,"Similar to Football Manager, amazing hockey managment game. Run your own team your way and see if you can win the cup!"
,Recommended,301120,25433046,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Erect Tent,"This may be on sale for $5, but it is definitely worth the regular price of $20!Eastside Hockey Manager is an in-depth hockey team management game. It easily takes the cake over other titles, such as the NHL Be A GM Series and the Franchise Hockey Manager series. It's simulation aspect is what makes it far better than it's competition. The game will give you every stat, of every game, of every season. You can even coach the games live and be amazed at how realistic it really is. Determining who is on your roster, who plays, and what line they play on is all your choice. You can assign specific tactics for the whole team, a specific line, or even a specific player. The game gives you full control over the tactics, and management of a team. You may be overwhelmed at first, but you will get the hang of it eventually. The head coach can do the tactics for you, if you wish to focus on managing the team as a main priority.If you're a hockey fan, this game would be very fun for you. If you are coming from the Football Manager games, the same would apply. Eastside Hockey Manager gives you lots of enjoyment. Watching your young players develop will enlighten you. The game keeps track of all players' histories, showing stats from the start of the player's career. It gives you all resources needed to make a decision about your team.As the game is not liscensed by the NHL, the developer was not able to include real players, of any league.. However, we have an amazing community. We have created up-to-date rosters of all current world leagues, with accurate attributes pertaining to all the players. We have also created multiple online 30-player NHL leagues, which is similar to GMing in the actual NHL! Instead of manipulating the singleplayer AI GMs, you have to persuade other, live people. It truly never gets old. You can replay this game countless times. You will never get bored.All in all, Eastside Hockey Manager is the best hockey simulator/management game ever made.It is worth all your money.This game is being developed by one person.Show him some love and pay up!You won't regret it."
76561198222374092,Not Recommended,301120,35038594,Posted: 17 September,all,tomatoesneil,the game is great. unfortunately it is so unstable that constant crashes and needing to restart happens far too often to recommend
,Recommended,301120,17133504,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Elac,Great game. It's nice to play a hockey game on PC again.
76561198055585043,Recommended,301120,33027279,Posted: 30 June,all,Sven,Pretty good
,Recommended,301120,27014084,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Analfries / Raven,"Hockey's best management sim, from the early days until now. Get it."
,Recommended,301120,17922115,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Space,If you like Ea's Be A GM series but wanted a bit more out of it then this is for you. It is super fun and I can only imagine how good it will be once you have play against people online.
76561197997730820,Recommended,301120,15656367,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,degilead,"A great game for any hockey fan. Really fun to run your own team and make decisions for lines, roster moves, dealing with injuries, pretty much anything you can think of that goes into running a team."
76561198087764285,Recommended,301120,15548237,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,JesterTheCrow,What a great hockey experience! More in-depth than any GM hockey game out there.
76561197972648976,Recommended,301120,15673378,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ranny,"The game is really fun and have a lot of option that u can use for your team. Played so much the older version, I never liked Football manager but this one im in love.Cons: its exactly the same as the older version, hope they will add some stuff."
76561198127184966,Recommended,301120,15488380,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,redmongoose3,"I hadn't played this series since around 2002, but it feels great to be neck-deep in it again. After a few early problems, the game has really settled down and is performing perfectly. There are still tweaks that they will continue to implement, such as making trades a bit smoother and adding leagues, but this is a great GREAT game, developed and managed by people who are knowledgable and passionate about hockey (as well as being great game developers). I couldn't recommend this highly enough. 10/10"
76561198021637412,Recommended,301120,24996930,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Boy Mayor of Second Life,I am not even Canadian.
76561198108191469,Recommended,301120,32782584,Posted: 25 June,all,redwings310,Great Game!
76561198283379262,Recommended,301120,32977972,Posted: 29 June,all,steveguitor,This is the best and more complete hockey simulation game I ever played. It's not perfect but it's a very good game.
76561198213242159,Recommended,301120,20373319,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ondrusha,"I created Steam account because of this game :)  I used to play all the previous versions of EHM and this one is the best. If you are a hockey fan and like this game genre then it´s a must buy. Warning: too addictive!Edit after more than 400 hours played: this game is still great. Of course, there´s a lot of room for improvements in every way... and... without Rico Fata, it´s half the fun :)"
76561198000375360,Recommended,301120,15065915,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dankobananko,"Absolutley a great game... I have been waiting for so long to play it again. Lets hope it will be as FM series soon.I can only recommend this game if u liked FM. It has that old school charm FM lost last couple of years.EDIT:After playing for three seasons with Oilers I can rate the game as 7,5/10. The main reason is depth. Game lacks depth atm. I was only concentrated on matches and stats. Not much to do besides that."
,Recommended,301120,15078827,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ctsai93,SUPER fun and polished for a early access
,Recommended,301120,15099214,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,yojimbo1111,I was always interested in FM but am not a big soccer fan. I love hockey so this game is perfect. There is a big of a learning curve but I am loving this game. Noticing some bugs but nothing game breaking. There are no real names or pictures for players but I found them easily online. (Available here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAr9ILOakBWkPRezmOmjFclTmFpR4jIqW) I see myself putting many hours into this game and can't wait for a final cleaned up version.Recommend for anyone who is a fan of hockey and/or likes sports management games.
,Recommended,301120,15312709,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Velour Fog,This game is like a drug and I am addicted. Honestly I can't get enough of Eastsides newest hockey simulator. Their previous games were great and this one is no exception.
,Recommended,301120,15328648,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Logicbomb,"Very detailed simulation that you can lose hours in. You control the amount of control you have over your team, so you can do basic GM duties all the way up to controlling all scouting and strategy for each game. The great thing is you can multi-task while playing which makes it possible to watch hockey and play hockey all at the same time! This is early access so I expect the UI to get smoother and easier to use, it's not bad but at times it feels clunky and not very easy to figure out."
76561198063587204,Recommended,301120,15103273,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,LuminousCarcass,Excellent game! I love 2007 and this is great for the price. Hopefully soon they publish an editor and clean up the game a wee bit.
,Recommended,301120,32890627,Posted: 27 June,all,my year,вери гут
,Recommended,301120,27063628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VGD,This is one of the most in-depth games of all time
76561198188032219,Recommended,301120,15067235,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Maidenfan18,"As an avid playr of EHM 07 for many years, I was beyond thrilled to hear the franchise was making a comeback. Have only played this briefly, but it looks fantastic!"
76561198026290494,Recommended,301120,15210837,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,danmak27/Athebes1,"Love it!Being a hockey fan and saw it as an Early Access I bought it after being on the storepage forabout 10 secs. I didn't know what to expect but hit the ""Buy it button"" straight away, although havingmy doubts. I didn't expect ANYTHING from this game at all.I was hooked the minute I hit the start career. I've been hooked since. So much that I haven'tbought a game since. (Sorry Steam) I even got so hooked, that I've made a few mods for it aswell.It's deep, intense and so exciting that I've fallen i love with the game as I've never been before with any game before. Despite the 2D. At least not for such a long periode of time. Normally a game doesn't keep me interested for more than a 100 or 200 hours. this one I've been playing close to 1000 hours by now, which for me is totally unheard of. I don't even get it myself. I must be mad.I was so surprised that the graphics didn't matter a bit for me. Normally my love for beautiful graphics are a must, but in this game I couldn't care less. If you're a hockey fan, this is absolutely a must buy.It's been a big part of my life ever since I bought it, and can honestly say that it's the best money I've ever payed for a game entertainmentwise.I've never wrote a review before in my life, but this one deserves it.It's very well polished and functional already, and the games are intense as you have so many different settings during games to turn an obvious loss into a win, if done the right way.I can't praise it enough. as said I've played 1000 hours, although mostly offline, and at leastspend another 500 hours fiddling around with it, installing different mods and packs to make iteven better. Even made small mods for it, which I never did before either for any games.Of course I'm a hockey fan which certainly help my interest in the game, but still.I can only say BUY it, SUPPORT it as it's by far the best hockeygame on the market, and wedefinitely need a hockey game on the market.I would LOVE to see this develop further, and therefore cannot emphasize other hockey fans enoughto support it.Believe me when I say that I would NEVER play that many hours of ANY game if it wasn'tfully functional and enjoyable...Why would I, with all the games out there, hockey fan or not.I love football too, but have never even come close to the same amount of playing time as I have with this game.It's deep and I just love it.People that doesn't buy this game should be put in jail for being ignorant...:-)I Simply Just Love it and it's worth every Pounds, Kroner, Euro, Dollar or whatever currency you might be having in your bank account.I've said my bit. Just BUY it!! It's worth it!!"
,Recommended,301120,15847260,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Milk is for Real,Boston is going fishing with magnets... must be fishing for steelhead trout
76561198018864826,Recommended,301120,15090063,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mehman,"I am unable to play in window mode!? It says i have to have screen size higher than 1024*768, and i do. But when i select full screen my right and left side of the screen is blank. My gameplay screen is only in the middle of the screen."
,Recommended,301120,15197592,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vanilla,"An extremely in-depth version of GM Mode, I'm at September 9th, two days into the season and I have a headache from all the transactions and moves that I'm making, just like a GM would. Glad it's back and you'll all love this game if you buy it, worth every penny.Haven't found any glitches yet, but even if there are, it's Early Access so I'm sure they'll be fixed by then.Otherwise, really good potential for this game, very engaging and fun to play, and worth $16.99 CAD.Suggestion 1: Disallow players to put same players on the same line (Ex. Stamkos-Stamkos-Stamkos)Suggestion 2: Be able to mess with contracts a little bit. More flexibility (Ex. When player asks for 1.1 million a year, you should be able to offer him more or less depending on how he played last year)Suggestion 3: Remove having to name a different captain if current captain is injured. Takes too much time to rename temporary captain and rename regular captain after returning, and in the NHL today, we do not see this happening. Captains stay captains through the season.Edit 2 (November 15, 2015): Through ten years of my Tampa Bay GM Mode and winning the Cup a couple of times, there are just a few problems I've noticed that consistently occur.1. The AI in trading is an absolute travesty as of right now. It definitely could be worked on to be more balanced, perhaps like EA's NHL AI. As of now, the AI will trade each other ridiculous things like ""Dany Heatley and a 7th round pick for Patrick Kane, Jonathan Toews and a 1st round pick"", but when I try grabbing a player like Mike Green, they won't even take Stamkos for him, claiming to need just a little more. Definitely an irritating aspect that needs a little time to be worked on.2. Injuries, like EA's NHL, should have the option of being turned off at player's discretion. I've had a period of time where players such as Hedman, Stamkos, Vasilevskiy, and Drouin would all go out in the span of a week with major injuries that would take them out for 3 months or more. So for the future, either have the option to turn them off entirely, or fix it so such major injuries occur less frequently.3. A minor, miscellaneous problem with aesthetics I've noticed is the inability to ""expand your arena"" at all. It's a button there, but somehow despite my near-top attendance records season after season, it never seems to stop being grayed out. If it's there, I suggest a time when we could potentially expand our arena. Could be a cool little mini-feature, going into the future.4. Finally, player growth through practice really needs to be revamped. A player can spend 6 months on the practice screen as ""working on shooting"", but at the end of 4 years of that ""shooting practice"" their overall for that has not gone up at all. I'm not sure the logistics behind player growth, but I feel as though practice should be a factor in whether a player grows a certain stat or not.Through 10 years however, I have had little concern to doubt buying this game. An excellent pickup, which I am sure will please all hockey fans on PC even more when the game is fixed of its tiny bugs and glitches here and there.Edit 3 (December 31, 2015):Noticing a very disturbing trend that my goalies keep having extremely sub-par nights, despite their overall. Yes, I understand that every goalie has an off-night some nights, but I really don't think that a 5 star goalie such as Vasilievskiy can let in a combined total of 25 goals on 78 shots in 4 consecutive games, while this no-namer with red attributes shuts me out with ease in a 33 save effort. Going back to the ""practice"" screen, goalies working on their ""Goalie"" instructions should continue to grow more consistent and more capable of stopping pucks, and perhaps just going into the coding, tweak a couple of settings here and there."
,Recommended,301120,15430198,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,eaglefan,"First, this is an early access game so it is not a finished product.  It needs time and they have already made changes to the product to attempt to improve it.  I expect this to continue based on the history this team has.Second, Some have posted that ""it doesn't have the features of Football Manager"" but that is a ridiculous expectation for a game that is a third of the cost of Football Manager and has not had the number of releases as that game.Now that I got the disclaimers out of the way.  I recommend this product to any hockey fan that has always wanted to run a team.  It has some growing pains but it shows a lot of promise.The positives:+ It's a hockey sim, a market that is in dire need of a good product.+ The stats are believable.  Scoring and penalties may be slightly inflated but I grew up watching hockey in teh 80's so I have no issue with the increase in scoring.  A 4-3 game is more entertaining than a 2-1 game.  :-)+ The 2D view allows you to watch the action, or just highlighted versions of the action.  It still needs work but it has a bit of a feel like the old Gretzky Hockey days.+ Did I say it's a hockey sim?!?!?!?The negatives:- Issues with CPU GM's (players getting put on the trading block but when you inquire you get a message that says the player is untouchable; teams with cap room waiving star players, not overly common but it does seem to happen and in the major case that I saw it was said player from the trading block being waived the next day after my inquiry and said player was the scoring leader at the time)- 2D match engine could use some work, there are some times where the penalty being called doesn't seem to fit the situation or the play being made by the player with the puck doesn't make a lot of sense or for that matter the play made by the defender- The UI could use some work, takes a bit of poking around to find things"
76561198030888410,Recommended,301120,15480291,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,cool-ness,"Great!Built on the foundation of EHM 07 and already improved with the first update.  This game is totally playable now it is a finished games!  (they are only adding/enhancing the game, it is a releasable game now)If you like management games and you like hockey you HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,301120,15443699,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shacked,"A must have for hockey fans! The EA NHL GM Mode just does not go deep enough into the business aspects of hockey, which this game does perfectly. This manager is perfect!I absolutely love taking over the helm of a WHL franchise. 10/10"
76561197985721434,Recommended,301120,15213014,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Yarfangor,"Beyond ecstatic that this game exists! I thought I would be playing EHM 2007 until I was 40 haha.This game is everything you want in a Hockey Sim and the way the community rallies behind it to develop rosters, facepacks, and make the overall experience of being a GM so awesome, is just marvelous.If you remotely enjoy Hockey, and enjoy a good old game of Be a GM then this is the motherlode for you.My only wish is that they would market this game and really let it take off. So much potential and the market is CLEARLY there.Fabulous job guys."
76561198227939772,Recommended,301120,16197765,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Punching Bag Dave,"9.5/10, almost the perfect simulatorI have to say, this is the best hockey simulator out there, by far. This goes way more in-depth than any other hockey GM simulator I have ever played and it is by far the most realistic of any hockey simulators I have played. The strategies mean a lot in this. In my first year of Tampa, Ben Bishop was terrible: 3.43 GAA and a .878 save percentage. I made lots of strategy changes that made more players defensively-minded and it raised Bishop's stats to a 2.75 GAA and a .902 save percentage. In EA's be a GM mode, the strategies mean nothing. You can't decide how a player plays, you can't coach the players, you only assign what lines the players are on and that is it. In EHM, you decide where the player plays, the length of his shifts, his shoot/pass ratio, his practice, almost everything. Overall, it is incredibly addictive. I only have two games on Steam: TF2 and Eastside Hockey Manager. I have played more TF2 than Eastside Hockey Manager, but Eastside Hockey Manager has almost completely gotten me away from NHL 15's GM mode. When you compare the two, EHM is by miles better, and it's still in beta. Bravo to the developers for making such an amazing game.Wishlist/Gripes:*The ability to edit players. No matter what simulator I play, there will always be tweeks needed to the rosters. For example, Cam Talbot has worse stats than Robin Lehner in this game which I highly disagree with. In NHL 15 on current gen, you are able to edit players and make the sim even more realistic. I would like to see a player editing option because I still find that there are players who are rated too high or too low.*More casual options. I think options like injuries, waivers, and an assistant coach rotate goalies option would all be welcome in my opinion. I feel that waivers make it a little too easy and they need some fixes. I have seen the following players in years one, two, or three get placed on waivers:*Marian Hossa*Jiri Sekac*Brandon Saad*Dustin BrownIf options like this are available then I'm stupid, just saying.*More simple simulation. I find it frustrating that when I go on a vacation the assistant GM completely takes over. I think there is an option that can turn him off, but it is still very annoying when I'm a cap team and my assistant GM brings in Marian Gaborik. And the coach will also make lineup changes when there is no injury which is annoying. I wish the simulation way more like EA's but at least it isn't a major problem.*About the injuries, sometimes it feels like the injuries do get way out of hand. I always see like one or two or tears a month and those are four month injuries. I remember on my Edmonton play through in year two I had an injury every other game it felt like. All were minor (thank god), but it got to be very annoying. I think injuries can stay because they add a lot of challenge (like when I lost Jason Demers to a damaged spine which is essentially a year-long injury), but turning down the frequency of the injuries would be welcome."
76561198053287746,Recommended,301120,15080249,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lulzmaker,Amazing! If you are looking for hockey simulator this is it!
76561198129522524,Recommended,301120,15211672,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Joninyan,Great product as always. Highly recommend to anyone who likes hockey and/ormanager games.
76561198094633638,Recommended,301120,15616974,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DonutDefender,Super deatiled version of Be a GM mode in ea sports NHL games. Really fun!
,Recommended,301120,15233814,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bewildered Mouse,Best NHL sim ever
76561198035626417,Recommended,301120,29610058,Posted: 31 January,all,Max am oos,Good game ! Too bad I am really bad and go on a 8 game losing streak and end up 14-14-2
,Not Recommended,301120,17271010,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,BlueMarmalade,"It gets very repetative after a while. The games are very similar to each other. It's fun to set up the tactics and choose players for the different lineups, but there are only so much you can do each game. My main problem is the format; if you have a big screen it will only be possible to play in a small window. I hope they fix this, but I think it's because they've used the old code from ten years ago, so it will not scale.Overall it's an interesting game for new players, but if you have played the old one there is very little that is new."
,Recommended,301120,18031552,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Seiduna,Called in Sick. Said I have Ebola. Stayed in bed. EHM all the way.Proud owner of 4 copies.
76561198315928055,Recommended,301120,29432371,Posted: 22 January,all,Hunterxhd,"The ultimate sports management game for hockey fans. You should download new rosters, and then the game is perfect."
,Recommended,301120,15075655,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Brynjir,"The greatest hockey management sim returns!  Nothing more to say if you like management games then you should buy this, if you like hockey you should buy this."
76561197976161537,Recommended,301120,18901124,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SilverLeaf,"The game plays wel enough, just go back and use real NHL players names to staqrt, also give the playes (s) a chance to pick a starting date for there season. would love to start approximatly in 1973  with the Flyers. Also whan starting off with a draft, have a save option during the drft. to draft a whole team and hire coaches takes a lot of time. coaches advice also stinks alot of the time during the draft. other than that the game play is pretty darn good"
,Recommended,301120,18978920,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,jrskaggs85,"My first-ever Steam Review!First and foremost - I LOVE simulation/management games. This may be ""Early Access"", but it is already very polished and very enjoyable. It has support from some amazing people over atEHMTheBlueLine.comHighly customizable, very fun, engaging... Is there anything you CAN'T do in this? I doubt it.10/10"
76561197980654193,Recommended,301120,21347092,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sotamies Sus,Finnish last for 3 years in a row. Never win the draft lottery. It is always Edmonton. Always.
,Recommended,301120,15578461,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,capitaler 😟,you gett to manage a hockey team... you are there overlord and they are your servents.  lead your team of angry men to a victory over the scum and claim the stanley cup for your  own.  and then get betrayed by The Board who are always in need of another leader
,Not Recommended,301120,19753195,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,storminator16,"I'm going to have to give it a big thumbs down.  Not much here to justify playing this over Eastside Hockey Manager 2007.  I would love to give it a thumbs up, but now I'm just disappointed I paid for this in Early Access.  Shame on me for thinking I was supporting development when the only thing we supported was making SI easy money.  Thanks, SI.  You will be the last publisher who fools me with Early Access.One simple mechanic that bugs the crap out of me in both versions:  just because a kid is Canadian, that doesn't mean he only aims to play major junior.  Just because a kid is American, that doesn't mean he only aims to play college hockey.  This big logic hole ruins both games for me.  Junior A/NCAA aspects of this series continues to be an after thought.  Would have loved to take control of a team in the USHL or any of the other Junior A team.  The only junior alternative this game (and Electonic Art's games) gives is Canadian major junior.  Meh."
,Not Recommended,301120,29198368,Posted: 11 January,all,Matchett,"Got this game to try to satisfy my need for an NHL type game on PC. However, it didn't really fulfill what I wanted. Besides that, I think that time in between games takes too long and I didn't see an option to skip to the next game day. I had a great team, no one looked better, so there was no need to go through each separate day. The game doesn't come with the best explanations and took a little bit to get use to also. Personally, I think this game is a little slow for my own liking. If you have more patience, this game might be for you.It's not that I'm completely opposed to this game, I just know that it's not for me. I'm more impartial, but Steam doesn't have a button for that."
,Not Recommended,301120,19444854,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dhilys,as a huge hockey and management sim fan i bought this game on release. especially since im also a longtime fan  of FM and SI.so that being said i had high hopes of EHM. Sadly this game does not (yet) deliver the quality one has come to expect from SI.The game itself has huge potential. but it feels rushed in a whole.Currently i have 2 MAIN ISSUES with this game.1) The screen resolution does not support 16:9  only 4:3 for a modern game this is uncceptable as widescreens are the norm. nowadays.2) very very prone to crashes during the matches.  I had to atleast replay each match twice due to crashes of the game. for a game that draws heavily on the FM engine (or so it looks like) this is very unexpected as one should think the engine has already proven his worth in the FM sries.so currently while this game has huge potential i can not recommend it at this time.
,Recommended,301120,15084556,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gr8one,"Although early access, EHM:EA is a very polished management simulation. If you enjoy hockey, or any sports gm games, you owe it yourself to pick this game up.From Version 15.0.1b (first early access version) here are some of my findings on the game:Pro's:- Has nearly all the features from the EHM 2007, meaning it already is the deepest hockey sim available.- Nice new touches like players bio information talking about players close friends on the team.- Nice tactical improvements like individual strategies for players-Tactical improvements for lines including choosing who would be the playmaker on the line.- Free Agency is much more realistic. Don't expect to always build your teams on July 1st, UFA's want money and term just ilke in real life.-Position's of players are more in-depth, including their roles like defensive defenseman, stay-at-home defensemen, 2-way forward, skilled forward, quick forward. This adds to the fun of building cohesive forward units.-Tons of international tournaments, take control of your favorite national team and try to build a team to bring glory to your country.-The in game match view has been improved and is very enjoyable watching your team battle it out.Con's:- Interface and menus are very similar to EHM 2007 so it is missing some more modern interface options.- Resolution needs to be improved for modern pc's- Scoring has to be balanced a bit more to 2015 scoring levels (its a bit too high at least in NHL games).- Missing leagues like the Swiss leagues, Russian MHL, and British Hockey leagues from 2007 version.- Coaches and GMs get fired a little more than in the real world.There are a few issues like the small window the game runs in and the interface definitely needs some modern touches, but the rest of the cons are minor. The positives far outweigh the negatives with this release. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game if you enjoy the sport of hockey and have ever wanted to build your dream team or test your management skill in the lower leagues and build a legendary story as you climb the ranks to finally leading your national team to world glory."
76561198002872086,Recommended,301120,15065811,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SetonHallPirate1,"I'm sure this is an excellent game, as long as it actually starts up. The game is hanging up during the autosave process."
,Recommended,301120,17229888,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,dubs,Actually won the Stanley Cup with the Capitals in my first season. Must be a bug.
,Recommended,301120,19299593,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,aharte36,"UPDATE: With this new update I am getting the issue ""Unable to Initialize sound. Check DirectX,"" or something like that. I have no clue how to fix this problem, as I've tried changing every possible setting already. This is a huge issue that needs to be fixed, as it had worked perfectly up until December 1st.I've had this game for a little under a week, and I've already played for over 30 hours... I'll let that speak for itself. I love all of the little things that you can do in this, and I recently played NHL 15 GM mode, and finally realized what it has been lacking. This game deserves an 11/10. I would pay $50 if I had to for this game. $15 is just a steal. To any other hockey fanatics out there... BUY THIS GAME!!!!!"
76561198079617578,Recommended,301120,19849348,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,tannerolsen8,sooper fun must play woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much reccomend 9/10 too much hockey
,Recommended,301120,15096284,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,reallybaked,"If you like hockey or sports or even simulation games in general do yourself a favour and buy this right now.  Watch the videos posted to update the rosters, logos etc. and enjoy.Although it may be ""early access"" there is years and years worth of content for an amazing price.  As a hockey fan I strongly recommend and sports interactive's track record speaks for itself.11/10"
,Recommended,301120,15220940,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ArmTac,"Best just got better, FHM 2 is dead in the water by now, So glad this came back! Awesome game!"
,Recommended,301120,15210074,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Flan,"I made the Coyotes into a dynasty, winning 10 straight Stanley CupsLooking forward to updates. Online, maybe graphics in the watched games like FM, and the talk to the media and players like FM. Whatever the plan is, I can't wait."
,Recommended,301120,19461966,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Hutchison Fairmount ツ,"Broke my laptop's spacebar.10/10, would send to geek squad again."
,Not Recommended,301120,18256572,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,marzbars49,"This game was great until the newest update caused processing times to take significantly longer.I took a break from this game for months, hoping they would have fixed the processing times. They did not, the times have gotten longer and causes the game to stop responding to the computer. This game is unplayable now, thanks developers."
76561198119746771,Recommended,301120,16266111,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,joecannonsave,"Game is very enjoyable, even under early access. More features coming along. Devs listen to feedback, including my request to put the English League into the game."
76561198049949381,Recommended,301120,22919032,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"This is half a sim. The important aspect is there but the superficial one is not.It is missing the real world stuff.This sim's price should be no higher than 8-10$ since there are no real world team logos, no real world players, just a big nothing from reality. I mean I have Franchise Hockey Manager and it has everything for about the same price. Why are the EHM so greedy?So to fix that we need to make everything ourselves, thus the stuff in the workshop. The designers of EHM probably depended on this and they said to themselves "" there's probably some fan who will make these add-ons, so why bother with licences of each leagues when they will do it for us for free!""Albeit this downside, the sim runs nicely and is quite challenging, especially if you play from the bottom of the ladder in a country where hockey is not popular to the NHL.Don't buy unless it is 10$ or less or you'll be disappointed to see that for 20$+ you don't get any real world players or teams."
76561198286703590,Recommended,301120,23868065,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BBardley.9,"Cannot use rosters from 2014-present. Cannot make game full screen, cannot scroll down list of names while selecting a team. Was really excited to play this game but I wanted rosters from the 2010's not 1990's. I'd love if I was wrong and was just being stupid and didn't do something right, I wanna play this game."
76561198068612199,Recommended,301120,28332467,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,MakDaddy,"As a fan of the great sport of hockey, someone whos always played EA's NHL and perfered the GM/Franchise mode every time, I absoultely love this game. As cheesy as it may seem its so fun and intense. There's so much to do even though its such a simulating game, it's hard. Probably one the more realistic ways to feel like your'e involved as a GM of a franchise than anything I've played or seen. 8/10"
76561198068194265,Recommended,301120,31115857,Posted: 13 April,all,Renaissance_Man,"For the price, possibly not..... but nothing else around that comes close to this. Unfortunately it's very outdated compared to things Like the FM series which it is completely modelled/borrowed from. It's just a very old version. Too easy to trade and dump your team and just buy whoever you want with no penalties. Database updates and logo packs are great and you can get into it, But it just made me want to play FM17 again and get my teeth into more detail. Shame because I love Ice Hockey and I'm stuck playing Soccer."
,Recommended,301120,24168001,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Holliwood,Red Wings are OP.
,Recommended,301120,15091497,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,maytagman,"EHM series is the all time best hockey sim series... by a longshot. So far this just looks like a reskinning and recompile of ehm 2007... but ehm was still the best hockey sim of all time and was no longer available for purchase, so that in and of itself is not necessarily a bad thing. So excited for them to make some improvements!"
,Recommended,301120,15269432,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,DeadPandaSociety,"Coming from a huge Hockey Fan this game Is pretty awesome, but it does have a steep learning curve. this game Is one of a kind made from the people who do ""football"" Manager. I have already played this for a few hours and I still feel lost sometimes, the price isnt too bad at all. but with this game you get full control over the team but you have to worry about different things like no trade clauses, sending your scouts out to draft in any league. Oh and if you buy this game go to the website and download the real nhl pack makes it a lot better because you have crosby, ovie, patrick kane etc. The Other thing that is really nice is that they have a bunch of hockey leagues you can be the gm of any team from Plymouth Whalers of the Ohl, to the Mosco Dynamo and every team in between. I will recommend it but just be weary it will take you a lot time to learn it and be as good as normal."
76561197972918002,Recommended,301120,15112470,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,maxrsp,"Guys,I was surprised and excited to see this game pop up out of the blue.  I immediately bought a copy for myself and another for my son and I've been playing pretty much non-stop for the last 24 hours and loving it.  As a person who has continued playing its predecessor (EHM 2007) for the last 8 years with the help of the dedicated community over at The Blue Line who has released roster updates and tools like the custom start date patch, I cannot express how thrilled I am at the prospect of another ""official"" EHM.As for the game itself, its great.  The interface and menu changes from the old game took some getting used to but that is more a criticism of my old habits than the new game.  I have noticed the games are generally a bit lower scoring (more like real life) and the trade AI is a bit tougher (also a good thing) so this is everything that made the old game great plus improvements over some of the old quirks.  While the game is not perfect (what game is?) this is an exceptionally good start for an early access game.  I'm running Windows 7 64-bit and have not had a crash yet.Is short, there is nothing else like it on the market. I know Franchise Hockey Manager is coming together well over at OOTP so if you never played EHM you can check it out as well, but honestly EMH EA is further along and a lot more polished at this stage.If you love hockey PLEASE support this game, Get your copy today and then head on over towww.ehmtheblueline.comfor your real life rosters and logos - if you like that sort of thing :)"
76561198002798293,Recommended,301120,15224802,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,c.lineham,"Great game for all those fm fans who want something different.  Would love to see a rugby, american football or basketball version, of what is essentially Football Manager, I'd buy them all.  Buy Buy Buy you'll love it."
76561198091267161,Recommended,301120,15822275,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SubZero,"This Is game is hands down the best hockey game I've ever played.I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the sportand to anyone that wants to try something different than the nhl  games on the consoles..If you enjoyed the be a gm mode on EA's nhl games but wished that it was more in depthand more realistic then this game is for you. The devs are frequently updating the game ,and they listen to the communities input..which i think is pretty cool..Theres also some gameplay footage on youtube that can be really helpful..all in all i give this game a solid 9/10 and it keeps gettin better with every update(the only thing i think really needs to be added to this game is some ice girls during the intermissions).......and a golf course for the leafs :)"
,Recommended,301120,15092606,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Śȟęłłşḫȫȼķ,"A great start to what should be an even better finished product.An absolute no-brainer to pick up for fans of Football Manager who want a change in pace, or hockey fans who are sick of the lack of depth in EA NHL's GM Mode.Make sure to download rosters and graphics packs for the full experience!"
,Recommended,301120,15117059,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ptk,FUN
76561198004099120,Recommended,301120,15106625,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HeVi,"This is a somewhat updated version of EHM2007. At my first season the game crashed 1-2 times. On second season it seems to crash all the time. It's frustrating to go back in time, therefore you should save often (after every match or if you have done huge work on your tactics or finding players to shortlist).Also, if you watch only key moments you will always 100% know which team will score. They should look in to that too.Still, after all this, I'm going to recommend EHM. Best hockey manager in the world. I hope someday the 2D enginge changes to 3D engine like in FM2015."
76561198057531215,Recommended,301120,15109030,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Crusadertsar,Dream come true!
,Recommended,301120,15230866,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Foofs,Well there's goes my social life. Thanks alot SEGA.
76561198002310730,Recommended,301120,15232918,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bomberherald,"Better UI than FHM and feels slicker and more polished despite being ""early access"". This game already has a good community and there are plenty of mods available already.If you like Hockey and you LIke Football Manager then this game is for you."
76561198005675425,Recommended,301120,15250244,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,willmce,Always been a fan of EHM and this one does not disappoint!  Best hockey sim game available
76561198077748794,Recommended,301120,15272476,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hippo,This game is great for an early access game! I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys to play gm mode in NHL 15.
76561198140253898,Recommended,301120,15110386,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,thayner22,Words cannot describe. So good.
,Recommended,301120,15115717,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gunmars,"Great hockey GM game! I have played many hockey based games from AAA to brower games and this games management depth is outstanding. If you want a indepth pure GM mode this game is for you, allowing you to control everything from drafts to contract clauses. Only flaw I can leverage about this game is of course the lack of league and player licensing but that can be overcome with a simple install of fan made update files. Was also impressed the being able to branch out and not be forced to manage a NHL team but instead play a lower tier  Finnish league team if I so desired. EHM doesn't deserve to be called Early Access since it is jam packed and destroys anything EA Sports GM mode will be putting out anytime soon. Looking forward to many more hours with this game!TLDR Hockey GM Crack"
76561198114517892,Recommended,301120,15194309,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,painsyndicate,Easy to pick up even if you're new to hockey.
76561198044221222,Recommended,301120,15992511,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,HopefulCrescent,AMAZINGLY ADDICTIVE
76561198004653293,Recommended,301120,15173762,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,shulaev,So happy to see it brought back !!!
,Recommended,301120,15239328,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dat Ass Is Cash,"I've fallen into a pit of skates, pads, pucks and lots of unfinished homework. So worth it."
,Recommended,301120,15266042,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,SniperTappaja,"This game has all the features that was missing from EHM 2007, and this is still in early access. I think there is much more to come. Liiga has been updated to new rules etc etc and this game has KHL. THIS IS A GREAT GAME ALREADY!!Tässä pelissä on kaikki ominaisuudet mitä puuttui edellisestä pelistä, ja tämä on vasta early access!! Liiga päivitetty esim. ulkomaalaispelaajia saa palkata kuinka haluaa ja tässä on esim. KHL. NYT JO AIVAN MAHTAVA PELI!!"
,Recommended,301120,15720780,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Monkeywork,LOVE this game... if you have any interest in hockey you should just go click buy.I don't review often but for this game I couldn't stay away.
76561198000245446,Recommended,301120,15739449,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sk33t_xX,"Very in depth, will take awhile to learn and learn how to navigate in game.Great concept and working progress.Worth the purchase."
76561198034066380,Recommended,301120,15767317,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dg_armstrong,"Not quite great yet, but with the constant loving effort of the creators and their unrelenting willingness to listen to the community, it's getting there.  Eventually, it will reach perfection."
76561198036661886,Recommended,301120,15857268,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mr.Hutter,"at last PC has good hockey manager game.This game has so much potential, thought it is only in early access.I Can't wait for the full release.I'd recommend it to every hockey fan and to everyone who is enjoying games like football manager.You don't have to be hockey fan to love this game but it helps."
,Recommended,301120,15936001,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Solaren,"I logged over 200 hours on this game in about 5 weeks with a full time job and a wife. I would like to keep my job and stay married so I've managed to stop playing... for now... I think? Jesus, I need a sponsor."
76561198067318201,Recommended,301120,15937228,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,peca.malik,Finally a hockey manager. I have mist something like this for a long time.
76561198013182175,Recommended,301120,16028979,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Primis,"Don't be scared off by the ""Early Access"".   Iknow the tag has been abused by many devs in recent memory, but this is not really a new franchise.EHM is a game series that has been around since 2004 with EHM: Franchise Edition, and in spirit since 2001 when the original freeware EHM was released.  After EHM:FE, SI Games released EHM 2005 and then EHM 2007.  The fan community has kept 2007 alive and updated since then.  So this is not a brand-new, from scratch game.  This is a game built on an already successful core from EHM 2007.  Riz and the SI guys are not new at this, and SI is the company behind the super-popular, long-running Football Manager series.  EHM:EA marks essentially the 4th release in the EHM series after a hiatus of many years,There is not a more-detailed, in-depth hockey management simulation game available on the market, period.  As with any sports management sim there is a learning curve.  But once you get it, you'll be willingly sinking a whole lot of time into it."
76561198024373203,Recommended,301120,15889894,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,firedevlin,"I have alot of games, and do not post reviews hardly at all.  I just had to this time.If you love hockey, or like sport simulations, you MUST get this game.It is fantastic, and very addicting."
76561197990827030,Recommended,301120,15993302,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kinggopher[KOR],1000 yes's. Have played thousands of hours of this game. So glad it came out on steam so i could finally actually pay for this game.
76561198063062088,Recommended,301120,16251890,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Jim Lahey,"I know its early access but the Junior rosters are wrong? I just bought it today and I want to control one of the three Junior Leagues in Canada but the players are people who dont exist? Theres no Mcdavid anywhere, no one that actually exists?? Anyone else have this problem?"
,Recommended,301120,15934634,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,devin.parrish,"I am so happy this game came back. Loved it back in 2007, love it now. If you're a fan of hockey and sports simulation games, I feel like you will really enjoy EHM. The depth is fantastic, the gameplay is realistic, it's just an overall great experience."
76561198037580307,Recommended,301120,15957928,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Pencilvester,"> Play as Canucks> Sign Kesler in Free Agency> Draft Jack Eichel> Sweep first round> Win Round 2 in 5 games> Sweep Conference Finals> Choke and get swept in Cup Finals10/10, most accurate hockey game on the market"
76561197971262041,Recommended,301120,16200427,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,subskipper,"This review is of the Early Access edition of the game.Having been a Football Manager addict for many years, I was extremely pleased to see that Eastside Hockey Manager was back. Having played hockey myself for many years, this is the ultimate sports sim. The tactical options on display gives a multitude of options in terms of implementing the game plans you have in mind from individual players all the way up to the team as a whole. Line matching could be a bit more transparent and flexible, but by and large all the necessay tools are there to make your guys play the way you want them to.Graphically the 2D engine does a good job of representing what's happening on the ice, and while I would like to see and option of chosing between 3D and 2D just as in Football Manager, I'm more than content to settle for the current model as it serves it purpose really well. So if you like hockey and manager games, get this. You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,301120,16234244,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Detach,"As someone who does has not played any ""manager"" game, this game was is very complicated and isn't too pretty to look at. However, as I did get into it a little bit, I started to understand how it worked and it became a bit more fun.  I am obviously aware that this game is in early-access and there are a few things that it could work on.As of now, I would recommend the game but only if you are prepared to play a buggy game because you would like to support the early-development...  I do hope that the developers work to fix the bugs and the other issues with the game including the terrible resolution.Pros- Has a decently realistic simulating system.- Has a good game-view during the simulation.- Lets your either view the game on the ice or play-by-play text.- Keeps you busy for long periods of time without getting bored.- More to be added as I play the game.Cons- Very confusing and hard to learn.- No good tutorial.- Ugly menus (Not completely terrible, but could be made a lot better.)- Has many bugs with the menu that sometimes make buttons unusable or disappear all together.  [Happened to me multiple times]- Only one resolution option which is very low.- More to be added as I play the game."
,Recommended,301120,16256227,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ginger Balls,"This is a great game. Really in-depth, so if you're just a casual hockey fan, prepare to have no idea what you're doing. But, that's not really the developer's fault, because being a GM is hard as balls. Seriously, there's so much going on here between the pro club, the farms clubs, juniors, and other leagues that there's almost no way you'll ever feel like you're playing an easy game. And that's a great thing, because creating a Stanley Cup winning team isn't easy. I recommend you buy this game if you're a hockey fan, if for no other reason than to understand the work that goes into building a team. Thanks, Sports Interactive**Pro-tip** Download some mods for this game that add player names and pictures, team logos and names, coach profiles, etc. as it makes the experience so much better. there's a large mod community on the developer's website."
,Recommended,301120,31125992,Posted: 13 April,all,kjdaly94,Fantastic
,Recommended,301120,34542000,Posted: 27 August,all,Tofino,"They need to update the interface, but other than that a highly addicted hockey simulator worth the price tag."
,Recommended,301120,29176820,Posted: 10 January,all,WolfOfOdin,"I bought this game on the winter sale. I didn't play it till yesterday. WOW!!! I love this game!!! If I have any crisism its that it is a little slow taking off and a little overwhelming to a  newb of this series. But if you push through the magic really comes out in the hockey games. It's like watching a hockey game with an above view, you control basic tactics and the slightest change can make the biggest difference. Going to keep playing this, but if you love hockey and the idea of managing a team get this game. You will have to be patient with it until you get to know it."
,Recommended,301120,17338925,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Thegreatianboi,"For some time as a crazy hockey fan addict. I've always wanted a good game for hockey mangement. In NHL theres this game mode called gm mode. I've always wanted more of that. THEN BAAM. Eastside Hockey Manger comes out. I'm like ""omfg finnally a good hockey gm mode game. YOU can do like 5 times as much stuff in Eastside Hockey Manager than Gm mode in NHL. Damm. 10/10"
76561198254708811,Recommended,301120,21957898,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,VFT Nikolai,-Plays as the Washington Capitals-Wins the Metropolitan Division and is 3rd in the League only behind LA and Chicago-Sweeps the Pens in Round One-Loses to the Rangers in 7 games10/10 for realism. No cup for you Ovi
,Recommended,301120,21953610,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bigvroom28,>forgets to hire scouts
,Recommended,301120,17757331,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Based Elite Puck,>be st louis>win cup 2 years in a row>time for a rebuild>half the team younger than 23>expect to be oilers 2.0>team says ♥♥♥♥ that>didn't lose a game until january>sweep blackhawks>revengeissweet.gif>win third cup in a row10/10 best hockey game in the world
76561198012937217,Not Recommended,301120,19730849,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Simon,"When did it leave Early Access? Seriously, I want to know. The game is just as unpolished and ugly as it was in Early Access mode. Sure, I get it, EAHM doesn't have the same sized market as FM, but seriously; everything about this game is seven years behind. The interface is ugly and outdated, the game simulations are only 2d overhead (3d tv broadcast angle would be so great), players keep dumping the puck from their own zone resulting in a lot of icing calls and players struggle to accept passes at the point making a little figure skating pirouette; a play that most of the time ends up offside. Even when the man on the point is wide open and the pass is tape2tape. The game/sim speeds has very little variation: It's very slow, slow, somehow slower and speedoflight. It's difficult and time consuming navigating through all the in-game-menus (and at times its unresponsive as you have to left-click the choices half a dozen times before the page changes) and the need to confirm changes every time you look at your tactics, shortlist, free agency etc ,even if changes weren't made, is simply annoying. The lack of an established community where you can share succesful tactics you've created, custom designed jerseys  or AAR is a major let down. I mean, there is a community but it's SO empty. The boards are pretty much ghost towns. Even real players playing this game, the way proffesional soccer players play FM, would make the experience somewhat better. If you play FM you will know exactly what I mean.Entry-level contracts are also broken in the NHL but that might just be a bug in the rosters I downloaded.My teams seem to always have trouble keeping pucks out of the net but I'll give EAHM the benefit of a doubt on this one and assume that A)my goalies are just that bad B)my tactics are just that bad C)A&B. I'm leaning towards A because I have experimented a lot and my skaters are stacked while my goalies are usually mediocre.So would I reccomend this game?I have in the past touted just how excited I was to own this game ""The game is addicting although it's very raw but only because it's in early access"".Is what I would say, telling people to be patient.But know I don't feel the same way. I actuallyfeel cheatedandbetrayed.Everything that I hoped and expected would be updated wasn't. If you're not hockey mad then stay away. If you enjoy this concept then play FM. sure it's made and published by the same companies but it's so much better.Still going to play the game until I puke at the sight of an NHL logo"
76561198059901268,Recommended,301120,19121275,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bowie,My team always loses in the shootout
,Recommended,301120,15067377,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,micgao,I guess I don't HAVE to go outside more than once a month
,Recommended,301120,21004017,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,azondahi,11/10 Rob Scuderi trade simulator.
,Recommended,301120,19633859,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Namikai,i dont even like hockey
,Not Recommended,301120,28863224,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,I'm not a kiwi,"This is so frustrating. This game has so much potential but I filled with bugs. We have an online league running and the game will crash AT LEAST 5 times a day. I'm not even exagerating.I played this game over and over and was so excited when it got his reboot but at its current state, it should be considered BETA.There is no point in buying the game in it's current state as we donT, even know if it will be patched at some point."
76561198031355631,Not Recommended,301120,23733722,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Eric Sikora,"I was able to play this for about 3 hours total, until an update last year.  This has now created a directX bug that still hasn't been resolved or even addressed.Will not reccomend until this has been fixed, and maybe not even then"
76561198034955921,Not Recommended,301120,19442797,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MrCee,"""Unable to initialize sound. Please check Direct X."" In other words, the game does not start.Other than that if you have EHM07 do not bother, unless you wanna support - it's the 99% the same game.That being said by far the best hockey management around. Lightyears away from Football Manager series in every aspect though.Surely you'd think that being the same publisher you could integrate even some features from FM, but alas that hasn't happened."
76561198110432662,Recommended,301120,16934638,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,[SG] Random Props,"Best hockey game ever invented, it can't get any better than this"
76561198045441653,Recommended,301120,15068553,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,JUMBOcanuck,awesome
76561198080160287,Recommended,301120,16136502,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,mwright1981,"I was a huge fan of EHM when it first came out, and I would waste hours of 'study time' on trying to take the Sabres to a Stanley Cup win. As soon as I saw this, I purchased this for £10 and have continued to try and get the Sabres that Stanley Cup win. First step, tank for McDavid (shouldn't be too hard!)..... 10/10"
,Recommended,301120,19208004,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,apoplectic,Im addicted
76561198097558917,Recommended,301120,19278328,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zachownsall,Flippin' love this game
,Recommended,301120,15162612,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,frostbiten,"For how early in development this game is, it's actually pretty good. I do reccomend however, if you aren't a fan of either the NHL or the Football Manager seiers, to stay off this title for a bit until further towards the development cylcle. I am very excited to see where this game goes considering it has already impressed me so very early in development!"
,Recommended,301120,15931489,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ravioli27,Started up game. Started career with Montreal. Asked Therrien for line suggestions. Dale Weise and Devante Smith-Pelly weren't on the first line. Parenteau was on the first line.0/10 most unrealistic hockey sim out there.other than that it is pretty good.
,Recommended,301120,15091160,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mannerheim swag,"This game is exactly what I had dreamed of from ever since I found EHM2007 to be too much of a hassle, while an excellent game and countless of hours sunk in to it, but certain things would bug me.Scoring was too high, UI was clunky, start dates were hard coded and so on.Now almost all of these major problems are fixed. The game needs work, trade AI is somewhat better but could use work. Make sure to head over tohttp://ehmtheblueline.com/for the real rosters, logos and so on.One more thing, I cannot wait for online leagues! That is for sure going to be a blast. Trust me tinkering out trades and  figuring out who to draft with other players is a wet dream for anyone that likes fantasy hockey or just if youre enthuastic hockey follower anyways!SUPPORT THIS GAME AND BUY IT SO THAT WE CAN SHOW THAT WE DESERVE A HOCKEY MANAGER SIMULATION FROM THE BEST DEVELOPER OUT THERE!!!"
,Recommended,301120,15763799,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ecnirp,"Some obvious flaws as of right now, but it is in early access.If you're looking to be a GM and that's it, this is the game for you. If you want to play, stick to EA."
76561198044122426,Recommended,301120,15567046,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Aliceska,Incred.
76561197973532216,Recommended,301120,16073828,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[k]idk,"good game so far, need Menu music/ Button Sounds"
76561198003687641,Recommended,301120,16121641,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Miffed_22001,Great game - good to see it getting a new lease of life!
,Not Recommended,301120,15857680,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,argyle,"This review is based on Early Access. Should my opinion on the game change through the game's development, I'll alter the review.I wanted to like EHM. I never played 2007, but I've heard it was a great sim so I immediately bought into the early access. The key aspects of the game that keep me from recommending it are the poor menu system, the lack of in game tool tips, and the unsatisfactory resolution.The game has a lot of potential to be something great. I tried putting a significant amount of hours into it and for all the things the game does right, the above mentioned shortcomings kept me from investing the amount of hours I've put in to other sims like Out of the Park Baseball."
,Recommended,301120,15931810,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[45th]MercianFreedomFighter,They added Nottingham Panthers to this game 10/10 <3
76561198143163113,Not Recommended,301120,25075626,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,fcoulson2nd,"Greatly enjoyed 2007 Eastside Hockey Manager, but the newversions are a little dissapointing. A few reasons:No longer Mac compliant - Just being lazy.No editorStronger graphics, but more complicated/reduced GM mode and game play.Many will dissagree, but the older versions were much better.At least these developers are trying to pick up the pieces.I'm sure that they will adapt and improve the game. Still rooting for you guys!Just for fun: Between periods - introduce ""Pin the Tail on the Bettman"".Finding the approiate mascot should be easy."
76561198120990154,Recommended,301120,25731037,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,jamesnation113,"-Plays as Penguins-Trades Crosby, Malkin, Fleury, Hornqvist, Letang, and Kessel for 7th round picks- Goes 10-69-3- 10/10 would do again"
,Not Recommended,301120,23879224,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Benny,"As good as the core simulation of this game is, the GUI kills it for me. The GUI needs a complete over haul. The resolution limits is also frustrating. I'm forced to play it windowed with my windows taskbar hidden.This may just be my own preference: I dislike the half sim at a time. As well as how the GM vacation works. EA games do this part better.It'd be great to be able to create players."
,Not Recommended,301120,19837328,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Nexerz,it seems like there are no good hockey mangement games... its just plain confusing and not good. It doesnt even have a rating system so youre left in the blind but its okay i guess
,Not Recommended,301120,28861261,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bacardi Mike,"This does not even load, the screen goes grey and crashes"
,Recommended,301120,19422169,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,VonCurry,"I wrote a review when the game was first released in Early Access, however so much has changed since that time, that a new review is needed and a new rating.EHM, and it's team have made a great game albeit somewhat of an empty canvas for which you can paint upon.. By that I mean the game and the stability, features, engine etc are all well done. But the lack of NHL Licensing causes you to have fake teams and players, this is where the empty canvas becomes painted upon by ""The Blue Line community""http://www.ehmtheblueline.comThese guys have made rosters, facepacks, logo packs and essentially give you the player the final pieces to have a great game from KHL to CHL Junior Hockey to the NHL... all the leagues and rosters are well done and really are as good a roster as any developer could do.To Summarize, it's become a good enough and improved enough game to be worth buying regardless if you own EHM 07 or not.. and The Blue Line rosters and Logos, Facepacks are a must to give you a great managing experience for whatever league you wish to take part in."
76561198039041795,Not Recommended,301120,17309405,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TheMan,The game is pretty cool except for all the trades being one-sided and unrealistic. I hate that you have to download rosters instead of them being already implemented in the game.
76561198056793155,Recommended,301120,15092389,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,rocknrollallnite14,Really glad theyre making a new game. They  are the best at making hockey simulation games.
76561198050055695,Recommended,301120,15091720,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,adt 345,So far it's a modernized and more stable  ehm 07 with some great new featuresGet it!
76561198028255258,Recommended,301120,15096887,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,laskey16,"Fantastic, so glad it's back!"
76561198008557049,Not Recommended,301120,23240492,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Tallcastle,"Game crashed my computer in less than 20min.  And I'm not talking about your standard CTD, this thing fried my operating system requiring a hard power reboot to recover from.  Afterward I removed the game from my system and placed in my steam “Dislike” category.  Just Keep in mind that the following review is after only less than ½ hour of play.  Another thing worthy of note, I've never actually played a game like this before. Wile I'm really not a big sports game fan, I do like statistics and derive a great deal of enjoyment from management sims.According to this games wiki page, it started as freeware, got picked up by SEGA once it got popular and (much the way of the Frankenstein monster) has exploded out of proportion from there.Lets start with the good.1. The Content is Extensive and Comprehensive, and covers data from wide variety of dates, and players from a staggering number of places.2. Includes Steam Workshop Support.  Thou the content in the workshop is limited, the fact that it is moddable at all is a good sign.3. The Game derives statistics from a staggering number of categories.  Training schedules, play tactics, talent scouts, fan loyalty, and dozens of other things all factor into the gameplay.4. Its one of the only sports titles that isn’t made by EA, to me that's a big selling point.And now the bad.1. If your like me, and your looking at a good management simulation but know very little about hockey, PASS THIS GAME UP.  The games design assumes anyone that plays this is a hard core hockey fan. If you don't know the game intimately, or play it yourself, none of the information in this game is going to make seance.2. The game has one of the most dreadful tutorials I have ever seen.  Seriously SEGA, if your reading this, PLEASE watch the extra credits episode “Tutorials 101”Herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCPcn-Q5nKESeriously, your a professional game company, you should know better than this.3. The UI is extremely awkward.  I can see how they wanted to model it after a web browser but its so clunky that combined with the awful tutorial, the experience is unapproachable and unfulfilling.4. I would like to address any bugs the game has, however since I couldn’t figure out what was going on, the game could have hundreds of bugs or none and I in all fairness wouldn’t know.All in all, a great idea.  Just not very playable"
76561198000741389,Recommended,301120,15135893,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BAD APE,My dinner has gotten cold.... Wrote this just to rate the game
76561198147674584,Not Recommended,301120,21469149,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ffsffsffs697,"Game is not nearly as good as the other reviews make it out to be. Sim engine is horribly inaccurate. Player progression is horribly inaccurate. Unless you can be entertained by 2-D circles moving around on a screen, take a pass. It's utterly worthless as a sports sim."
,Recommended,301120,19419209,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,"Best Hockey game there is! Highly addictive managing simulation. Now that it's out of Early Access, it's even better. Steam Workshop nets you logos, facepacks and latest roster's easily with the click of a button. It's not as complex as Football Manager, but much smoother and more pleasant to play. Time just flies with this game."
,Not Recommended,301120,22910288,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BlazeOxide,Game Won't Open!DirectX Error Message!Searched For How To Fix Problem!No Fixes Out There!Very Unhappy!
76561198030338131,Not Recommended,301120,21758207,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,H3ckt1k,MEH
76561198079490874,Recommended,301120,17012414,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Cybermouse,"Game is okay, I don't play it that much"
,Recommended,301120,29794877,Posted: 8 February,all,[51stMI] Drama.,Buy it.
76561198083536833,Not Recommended,301120,15251538,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Censored,"As a huge Football Manager Fan I was absolutely hot to come up as an Icehockey Manager now. Unfortunately this is ""Early Access"", whatever this means when it comes to sell a game from the year 2006 (see other negative reviews). If you like the complexity of the FM series you got to realise you won´t find most of the possibilities here. This is a very ""light"" version of what could be possible, it´s boring as hell since you will miss the complexity you already know. And as to the marketing term ""Early Access"" - you do not know where this will lead. I would buy this again if it was sold as an oldschool 2006 game, but the label ""Early Access"" on this one makes me frown.Review will be updated when changes and patches come that change something."
76561198098299089,Not Recommended,301120,19224847,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,mskervin,I get that it's early access but this is just ridiculous.
76561198007840635,Not Recommended,301120,19504360,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Great :O,"Very very glitchy, I have played now for 20 min and haven't even been able to create a league. the game says I have to little space with 66GB on my harddrive. no fullscreen, I played 2007 and thought it was awesome but this is not even playeble. don't buy this game"
76561198033705056,Not Recommended,301120,15283805,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Robya,The game is decent but needs a ton of work the sim times take way too long. I spent about 10 mins to sim one month which just way too long.
76561198246649670,Not Recommended,301120,28443294,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,trevor_scheffel,The game has been stuck on Aug 9th 2021 for about 2 weeks now. It crashes eveytime you try to pass it. IOOTP has known about this game issue and yet no fixes. Try to start a new game and same thing crashes eveytime.Unplayable atm
,Recommended,301120,33373795,Posted: 8 July,all,"hey, im billy",makes me want to snort cocaine off the back of a STD filled hooker
76561198093413748,Not Recommended,301120,30318285,Posted: 4 March,all,flykessel,Absolute dumpster fire. Doesn't even get past a few days without crashing. So dissapointed. Had so much hope and just couldn't even get started. Just not happy.
,Recommended,301120,29713502,Posted: 5 February,all,nein,i have a problem
76561198205404904,Not Recommended,301120,23127114,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Andrew,No licesnsed player names and unessicarily complicated.
76561198053488493,Not Recommended,301120,31890149,Posted: 21 May,all,vladimir vladinsky,does not start
76561198087241242,Not Recommended,301120,32247136,Posted: 7 June,all,millerdawg,Not a fan
76561198066916755,Not Recommended,301120,16139345,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,NikoRiko,SSSSLLLLOOOOWWWW.Just make Baseball Mogul for hockey and then you have something. Waste of money
76561197962236620,Recommended,301120,20462402,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PUИISHED SИAKE,"Review changed to honor our new Enforcer ogrelord John Scott, GOAT NHL All Star MVP of all times.I was only 9 years oldI loved John Scott so much, I had all his jerseys and merchandiseI pray to John Scott every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given""John Scott is love"" I say; ""John Scott is life""My dad hears me and calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥I knew he was jealous of my devotion for John ScottI called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥He slaps me and sends me to go to sleepI'm crying now, and my face hurtsI lay in bed and it's really coldA warmth is moving towards meI feel something touch meIt's John ScottI'm so happyHe whispers in my ear, ""This is my net""He grabs me with his powerful enforcer hands and puts me on my hands and kneesI'm readyI spread my♥♥♥♥♥cheeks for John ScottHe penetrates my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It hurts so much, but I do it for John ScottI can feel my butt tearing as my eyes start to waterI push against his forceI want to please John ScottHe roars a mighty roar as he fills my butt with his loveMy dad walks inJohn Scott looks him straight in the eyes and says ""It's all enforcer now.""John Scott leaves through my windowJohn Scott is love.  John Scott is lifeI was only 9 years oldI loved Garret Sparks so much, I had all his jerseys and Trevor Kidd like goalie padsI pray to Garret Sparks every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given""Garret Sparks is love"" I say; ""Garret Sparks is life""My dad hears me and calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥I knew he was jealous of my devotion for Garret SparksI called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥He slaps me and sends me to go to sleepI'm crying now, and my face hurtsI lay in bed and it's really coldA warmth is moving towards meI feel something touch meIt's Garret SparksI'm so happyHe whispers in my ear, ""This is my net""He grabs me with his powerful goalie hands and puts me on my hands and kneesI'm readyI spread my♥♥♥♥♥cheeks for Garret SparksHe penetrates my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It hurts so much, but I do it for Garret SparksI can feel my butt tearing as my eyes start to waterI push against his forceI want to please Garret SparksHe roars a mighty roar as he fills my butt with his loveMy dad walks inGarret Sparks looks him straight in the eyes and says ""It's all goalie now.""Garret Sparks leaves through my windowGarret Sparks is love.  Garret Sparks is life"
,Not Recommended,301120,29049927,Posted: 5 January,all,big tuna,THIS GAME SUCKS. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,301120,25847654,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Claydogpoop,Boring for Casuals
,Recommended,301120,15066137,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Minnowmize,twitch.tv/gillsminnowyoutube.com/gillsminnowI was leading 2-0 so I told my team that I was pleased at half time. I lost.
,Not Recommended,301120,28095207,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Gris3N,Bought the game on sale. Didn't know how to play and there's not even real lineups. Tried to download them but didn't work so I refunded it.
76561197968229441,Not Recommended,301120,29941638,Posted: 15 February,all,MaGiX,"Bought this game because I always wanted to own an Icehockey Manager like in the old days when you played C64 and Amigas management games and Wayne Gretzky Icehockey for those that remeber. Also I thought this is always promoted on FM2017, so I expected more than I finally received. For me personally this game lacks a graphics engine. I would like to see my players bodychecking the other, but well.... numbers are here but grafix are not up to standards. Sorry cannot recommend right now."
76561198273979096,Not Recommended,301120,29959583,Posted: 16 February,all,kp.randhawa,"This software does not work on my computer.  I have trouble shooted this on the steam games website to no avail.  It does not start a game and indicates that I do not have enough disc space.  I have 2 TB of space!!! useless, waste of time, Steam Games is a clown organization."
76561197996108775,Not Recommended,301120,29933535,Posted: 14 February,all,mdkrieter,"I like managing all of the off season stuff like in Madden Football and Hockey.  However, this one just has too much detail.  Things really are not clear.  Not having an Overall rating for players makes it way to hard to know who to trade and who to keep.  Not sure who I'm supposed to scout out of the 9,000 players out there.  Scouts don't give me any direction.  Overall just way too much going on with no real guidance from my staff.  Guess I just got to call this a failed attempt at making a fun hockey manager."
76561198200040315,Not Recommended,301120,29662267,Posted: 2 February,all,Caillou,Just don't buy it.
76561198198298515,Recommended,301120,17084409,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ethanpinheiro,A great game with a lot of leagues and a in depth hockey sim. It would be cool if they allowed you to play as the American college league.
,Recommended,301120,16774280,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jacob,"This will probably be the most serious review I've ever written so here it goes, great game, extremely realistic, it took my a painfully long time to get the Yotes to a Stanley Cup. Overall gameplay is great really helpful community at the blue line that will help you with any troubles you have, so in my opinion this game is probably one of the best games in my library. Basically if your a hockey fan, get it."
,Recommended,301120,16944718,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,jluck71,"Very solid game and very in depth much like the FM series. This game is very detailed and there is a lot of directions you can take to help your team succeed. But, with that said this game does have its fair share of issues considering it is an early access game. The first being the player overalls, there are no player overalls which can make the game quite daunting for newcomers like myself. Given i have limited knowledge of hockey i have to just rely on my coach to do a lot of the strategizing which, in turn, takes away a key feature of the game. Also, there are a few problems with the matches in game. Although not a huge issue the matches seem to be really clunky and laggy looking. On top of this rather minor issue i hope they put in a 3-d POV in the matches because, unlike in FM, i think it is fairly necessary to have a 3-d POV to have an understanding of what is going on in the match. But, with all that said i do recommend this game to people who have the time to invest in this game leading me to give a score of 7.5/10."
76561198034062708,Recommended,301120,16982254,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kniggits,"Started the session at 4 pm. Fell asleep playing at 5 am.But in all seriousness, I love this game. I played games from the NHL series on Xbox 360 almost solely for the GM mode, which was enough for a while. As I started getting bored (and tired of forking over that much cash) I started looking for alternatives. Finding this game was the best thing to happen. It's far more in depth, but that's a nice change of pace for me.I recommend this game, but only if you're looking for a very in depth game. If you're more of a casual player then you'll be overwhelmed and frustrated very quickly."
,Recommended,301120,16872823,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Joeyboots80,"Having played EHM 2007 back in the day, and having tryed this new EA version, I can honestly say that this is the definitive Hockey management sim. Nothing even comes close. Forget Franchise Hockey Manager, this is the one to buy."
76561197979435447,Recommended,301120,16852629,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,faceshot,MMMm tasty. Give me online multiplayer please.
76561198024122680,Recommended,301120,16861254,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Evil Morty,"It is the best hockey simulator out there. I've tried Franchise Hockey Manager, but it doesn't have the same depth. I can't wait to have a functional multiplayer mode!"
76561198237996608,Recommended,301120,17408904,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,liamandrews462,Really fun game. I think I'm addicted. If you like hockey and you like sports sims then this is the game for you
,Recommended,301120,16937508,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,larry lobsterman,yee
76561198049639159,Recommended,301120,16837333,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jake Paul,"Sweet game, love it"
,Recommended,301120,17116357,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,dinosawrawrr,trading with ai seems impossible. :(
76561197962404342,Not Recommended,301120,15082820,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chonger hellcase.com,Put in lots of hours because I know how to get this game into its intended state. Until this game is licensed by the NHL it is no different than the 2007 version. this is a licensed or bust game and I am a little worried with the lack of news and effort put into getting this done. If they dont get approval from the NHL its a waste of your time and money.
,Recommended,301120,16710040,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,zephyr,"What does Early Access mean? Will we get a new upgraded version at no cost?There is a lot to be improved, but it's headed in the right direction.Hopefully it becomes similar to the experience Football Manager 2015 provides.Wait for news..8/10"
76561198232655800,Recommended,301120,16710661,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,sasanka.kantipudi,"Great fun putting teams together and managing almost every aspect of the game. I wish they would give you more control over finances, setting ticket prices etc. They should also add the salary retaining function in trades, which would be a lot of fun to toy with."
76561197995262495,Recommended,301120,16746548,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sentinel,"Missed this game, so glad to have it back, great community supporting the game, all good."
76561198013967400,Recommended,301120,16752653,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nimja,Eastside Hockey Manager (EHM) games are the best hockey simulator games and this  new updated game is no exception.
,Recommended,301120,16630134,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Neoheresy,"Tweaked and much improved yet still a bit rough around the edges (especially with regards to the transfer market). But you can feel the sprit of the original EHM series about it the moment you start playing this sim. Take this, and add the great support provided by the dependable modding community at EHM The Blue Line and you have a recipe for the best ever ice hockey manager."
76561198084906938,Recommended,301120,16309530,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jarsse,"The Blue Line and roster update, then this game is perfect!"
,Recommended,301120,16282194,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Jbone,"If you like hockey this game will blow you away.  I can't stop playing it.  With the downloaded nhl rosters etc...it makes up for how badly your team did this season.  Love it! I always saw the other sports managers and wondered when a hockey version would come out, this is it!My first ever season run through and I led the Canadiens to a Stanley Cup!  Pacioretty had 67 Goals!Amazing....now if I can do it again next season I will be amazed."
76561198198913179,Recommended,301120,16285694,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sdouglasaustin,Amazing. Big thanks to TBL for the updates.The only thing that would make this better is if I could play it on my mac.
,Recommended,301120,16471047,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,7hm,"The best hockey management sim on the market, bar none."
76561197972491320,Recommended,301120,16456445,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,baront87,"Good pickup if you like hockey and sport sim games. At $10-$15, it is a low risk purchase. Installing roster updates, face and logo packs is a must to make the game more enjoyable (instructions in the forums or with a quick google search). The menus can be a little hard to navigate. Not as in-depth as the FM games but that's to be expected with early access. I'm definitely excited to see where this game goes as there is a lot of potential. I'd be really bummed if they stopped development at this point but I wouldn't feel ripped off and would probably still play - that's a good thing."
,Recommended,301120,16430592,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bailey,its good but it needs to hhave higher resolutoin
76561198056551940,Recommended,301120,16448514,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,pipnasher,This game is great it just needs the correct players from the UK leaguesIf this can look more like sports interactive Football series this will make this game even better :)
76561198175914994,Recommended,301120,16338668,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Smylie,"Probably one of the best GM mode games out there. Found it while on another sites Forum pages that this was a revamp of an old game that HAD gotten a lot of support and play a long time ago. I will tell you that it does not have NHL rights to all the pics and stuff but a dedicated fan base has made sure that with a little elbow grease you can have it looking and playing better than NHL 14 in a matter of hours at most.Game play has a learning curve to it but that's to be expected and once you get the hang of it there isn't one thing that you can't modify or tweak to some degree. While the other game has flash and sizzle, it, like chine food will leave you hungry for some meat and EHM-EA is it!!! I am coming up to the trade deadline of my first season and I am liking this immensely. YMMVThe only downside that I have seen is that some of the forums where you can ask questions are not that often frequented and you may have to wait..... for some time...... to get..... an answer.....I have played both FIFA 13 and NHL 14 and would play this game over either of the others AND it's available for PC...... YES"
76561198158891299,Recommended,301120,16273197,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,azy,great game would recommend any day for hockey fans
76561198230327552,Recommended,301120,16532866,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,berjanaxel1986,"This game is very good, it looks like FM 2007 but obvisouily with Hockey on the ice. So, when you are a icehockey fan, buy this game! You can play with NHL clubs and with national teams (like USA, Finland, Sweden etc). When you have the money, you have to buy this game, now!Groetjes"
76561197974097167,Recommended,301120,15647471,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,my2cats,revamped version of one of my favourite games of all time! woot
,Recommended,301120,15530411,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,biffjordan,Been waiting since EHM 2007!! Really excited to start fresh and clock some serious hours lol
76561198188103537,Recommended,301120,15180661,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,csnyder,This is a must have for any aspiring hockey manager.  It is well supported by a network of dedicated fans atTheBlueLine.comas well as the developers Sports Interactive.
76561198058338402,Recommended,301120,15543525,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Batman,"Great game, offers everything we had in 2007, plus more. The player progression updates and some of the things they did made this a lot better of a game."
,Recommended,301120,16481495,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mastodon,great game but I would recommend downloading the logo and roster packs
,Recommended,301120,18496944,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Gattsu,"I am addicted to this game, please somebody help me!Running the gamut, EHM takes what's good about Be A GM mode in EA's NHL series and turns it up a level. Despite the minimalistic animations of the game, which essentially consist of watching 10 dots with small sticks running around the ice,  the clear meat of the game is within the management aspect of the game, hence the title.From assigning individual scouts to scour specific countries, leagues, teams or even individual players, to keeping up to date and managing contracts on an annual basis. You will need to continuously conduct scouting missions in order to have information on upcoming prospects, if not, come the annual draft you will find yourself staring at barebone details regarding individual players. When it comes to contracts, be sure to re-sign and add free agents or claim players from waivers as needed, you'll regret it down the line if you forget to re negotiate with one of your star players.Players in EHM do not have a single 'overall' skill number and instead have over 25 different skills ranging from things like Slapshots, Flair, or Stamina. As well, the coaching staff, including physiotherapists are also ranked with a number of different skills.This is a great hockey management simulation, at a very reasonable price. However I almost wish I never discovered EHM, because now I have no life.10/10"
,Recommended,301120,18698919,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Zapp,"It's pretty realistic with lots of detail.   However, keep in mind that as of right now they do not have the licenses of NHL teams and players so you will have to find updated rosters from an outside source"
76561197960542339,Recommended,301120,15131848,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sphinx,"I loved this game from it's beginning.  Glad to see its making a comeback.  Hopefully the game continues on.  All the menus and options will take some getting used to for new players, but stick with it.  If your a hockey fan and would like to call all the shots for your favorite team, you will love this game.www.ehmtheblueline.comis a great resource for newcomers and vetrans alike."
,Recommended,301120,15119322,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,paladine_007,"OMG!! I was stunned to log on to Steam and find that there was a new version of Eastside Hockey Manager available on early access. I have been hoping for this for nearly a decade.I bought EHM 2007 when it first came out and play it often to this day. I still have not found another sports game nearly as addicting. Going through my saved games it looks like my total playing time on EHM 2007 is well north of 2000 hours.If you are a hockey fan, this is the game for you. Draft day steals, free agent busts, star goalies that get injured right before the playoffs, this game has it all!Currently there are a few bugs and a dreadful UI (at least compared to 2007), but I have faith that the devs will get this polished and it will be as fun as the previous versions of the game.Well worth the price!"
76561198051144857,Recommended,301120,15120458,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TeiQ,"Finally, the king is back! And it is better than ever."
76561198256298123,Recommended,301120,19705021,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Brayden23,Must have for hockey fans. Also great game if you are a fan of the football manager series!
,Recommended,301120,19427442,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,demetreC,"Great game, just got full release. Excited to play"
,Recommended,301120,19426151,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pandafaust,"Update: Full release is finally here. Nice to see a lot of added features like multiplayer, steam workshop integration, AND better resolution support (all in one giant update at that.) Thanks for adding them. For some reason the Borderless Windowed mode doesn't go over the windows taskbar so that is a pain, but I use an external program to fix that issue.  I would love to see touchscreen support. For some reason on my Windows Tablet it requires a double tap from my finger as opposed to a single tap. If I could play this as a tablet game, my hours would only skyrocket...-------------Previous Early access reviewThis game is a lot of fun. I've recently got into hockey so its been a great way to learn about the sport.  My biggest gripe is the 1024x768 resolution. It's not even widescreen. The windowed mode is broken and never works, and the borderless windowed mode forces the game to display behind the windows taskbar which is really a pain. I'd love to see those aspects fixed along with widescreen support."
,Recommended,301120,19439595,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ZFreddyy,9/10Must have for hockey fans.Still a few tweaks would be great but still recommended.
76561198050397392,Recommended,301120,19481511,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,davestpan,"This game is something that was missing a lot of years, there was only Football Manager. Now we have here hockey manager on also quality level. With logos, update rosters, competitions names and facepack installed its great game of hockey managment for every hockey fan."
,Recommended,301120,19507382,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,skuciuscz,"So, This game is great. I think that simulation engine is random sometimes. I tried something. I lost one game so I loaded it back. lost it again and I get these results: LLLLLLWLLLLWLLLLLLLL. And at end of season I had 54-24-4 record.. anyway it's great game. Sorry for english I am not from USA, UK or something like that"
76561198188393449,Recommended,301120,19448073,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blazar,Best hockey sim/manager game there is!
,Recommended,301120,19506641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Strider,if you love hockey and GM mode in EA and just simulate the game then this game is for you
,Recommended,301120,19535609,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Davie Orr - (EUC),"awesome game....would be better if it had the correct names in the UK leagues, but I believe you can dl some patch to sort it.....nevertheless if you love Football Manager and love hockey then buy it ;)"
76561198012298959,Recommended,301120,21138473,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,nununevs,Great game!!
76561197987670426,Recommended,301120,20998330,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,.weL,really a nice game but I haven people to make a network game if someone wanna join or invite me please add me. Thanks
,Not Recommended,301120,15169241,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,shawntee9,Crashes after first continue. This didn't happen to me during early access.
76561198271444651,Recommended,301120,21645651,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,roldan.ruiz,Its a good gameeven if there some stuff that needs improvements and the game should also be available on macs.
76561198043992871,Recommended,301120,22035273,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ryan_ruiner,"I love this game. Hockey manager sim? Yes please. I just love taking teams and taking young talent and building teams from the ground up. The people over at Ehm: The blue line have absolutely kept things intersting from EHM 2007, but now with this game, It has opened up a whole new world!"
,Recommended,301120,20132598,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,keizer,"This game is incredibly indepth and a lot of fun! It gave me a much better understanding of how the NHL operates behind the scenes. Only cons are that everytime I make it to playoffs I end up with 4 or 5 key injuries, don't know if that's a bug or I just have the worst luck. But all in all, 10/10!"
,Recommended,301120,20010492,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Moose Man,"If you love hockey, lists, or hate EA's gm mode, this game is for you.My experience is as follows:>Start game as Tampa>Stamkos and Bishop op stats>Finish 2nd in division>Make it to the cup finals>vs Columbus(8th seed, how does this happen)>Ok easy series right?>Lose series 4-1 getting shutout twice10/10 would cry again"
76561198129059438,Recommended,301120,20081084,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,distraction55,"The is EHM2007 reworked but a great game for anyone who loves hockey and love sports management games.The biggest downfall is that as the general manager, you really have little control over finances. It is hard to monitor the money your club is making or even adjust ticket prices, food and drink sales or anything else along those lines.Still love the game!"
76561198134709873,Recommended,301120,16485378,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jack746,amazing game. though there is the odd bug i have yet to encouter something that truly afgfects gameplay at all. the simulation is very well done although a little bit too much scoring occurs some times. the user inter face is a little confusing at first and not much explaination is given but its all part of the learning process.9.5/10
,Recommended,301120,28842957,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mitt954,Great hockey GM simulator!
76561198107699418,Recommended,301120,31734137,Posted: 13 May,all,Phill,"Very good game with only a few downsides: simming takes a long time, injuires are too frequent, have to go on vacation to sim long periods of times"
76561198339111032,Recommended,301120,31735580,Posted: 13 May,all,Haula,"This game is fantastic! A must have for NHL fans. If you like hockey and are a PC gamer, buy this game. The level of detail in EHM is crazy, and you will never find yourself bored on this game."
,Recommended,301120,33211405,Posted: 3 July,all,twitch.tv/manitooke,Very good game. Lets you control almost all aspects of managing a hockey team.
76561198110377163,Recommended,301120,33292291,Posted: 5 July,all,BERNARD SANDALS,"Hey SEGA, would you mind quiting the awful football manager series and work on this one?"
76561198232263356,Recommended,301120,33438942,Posted: 10 July,all,Fleetsy_831,Amazing game. I would definitly reccomend it to many people looking for a management game
,Recommended,301120,24553253,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,,"This is an updated review as direct X problems plagued me to the point of having to play the game in a vm box.This is a complex hockey sim that's the most indepth on the market, ( eat your heart out FHM ) it's ehm 07 updated for 2016. The updates are worth it for the complexity and intricacies and for $10-20 its well worth it. EHM is a great way to kill time if you're a hockey fan or a bruding arm chair gmTo the games major downside it seems to only being devloped by one, maybe two people. Posting on the bug forum is almost a waste of time because of this.I have solved my issue with Direct X. The issue seemed based on sytem scaling settings- for your text and apps. Having it being set at anything other than 100% gave me the infamous direct x error which arised for me after the 1.2 patchPro-Complex and well done hockey simulation universe-Very detailed and the closest you'll get to being a real gm.-Ingame hockey game simulation system played out by dots-Living out hockey fantasy and/or taking control of your favourite team and winning the cup.-Amazing indepth tactical system-Great TBL (The Blue Line) community supportCon-Bad game support-Very slow updates-Compatibility issues especially with Windows 10-Salary cap doesn't go up as seasons progress.-Staff retires too early and not enough players becoming staff.-Ingame coaching is lackingI've spent a lot of hours and it always seems like theres more to learn every season. I originally gave the game a negative review, but I'm changing it to positive on reflection and solving of my direct x issues."
,Not Recommended,301120,15834037,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Quintus Trebonianus,Below average4 / 10
,Recommended,301120,29414233,Posted: 21 January,all,Willy OD,Football Manager but instead of balls there are pucks and not a single f**k given.Great game until you forget to change your undies and brush your teeth for a week.Summary: Lovely game that makes you feel like a dirty scumbag.
76561197961248603,Recommended,301120,29951875,Posted: 15 February,all,Duane Dibbley,The best hockey sim currently available.
76561198136567747,Recommended,301120,29953163,Posted: 15 February,all,Shaftell,"If you're a fan of manager games and a fan of hockey, then this game will be perfect for you. It has many of the same aspects of Football Manager but for hockey and it's just everything I could ask for in a hockey manager game. Highly reccomended at any price!"
76561197978881163,Recommended,301120,30025854,Posted: 18 February,all,Doctor Billy,Amazing game!
,Recommended,301120,31097238,Posted: 12 April,all,MiningAdam,"Game is great at this point.  In early access, it was a little difficult to understand where features were and such.  Improvements have been made, and it is a finished piece.Start Career - Buffalo SabresBoard Expectations - Improve roster little by littleDuring Season - Both Lehner and Nilsson let in over 3 goals a game-Board is happy until around game 60 when we're in 15th in conference-Attempt to steal Matt Murray in offseason for big $-Pittsburgh hordes goalies so take Chad Johnson insteadToronto Maple Leafs win cup with Matthews leading the team in scoring."
,Recommended,301120,32357752,Posted: 11 June,all,t0ny,solid game 8/8
,Recommended,301120,32582171,Posted: 19 June,all,po0ty,Coupled with the workshop rosters this is really the only option as far as hockey sims go. Sure there's FHM but that game needs alot of work. The biggest learning curve here comes from navigating the UI. It is not particularly good looking but I'd rather have more depth of gameplay instead. Hopefully in future versions expansion drafts will be added.
76561198180566751,Recommended,301120,33140113,Posted: 2 July,all,Puljujarvi98,Check it out if youre a hockey fan or into sports management.Great community as well.
76561198078673263,Recommended,301120,33113691,Posted: 1 July,all,Stray,"AS REAL AS IT GETS, THIS IS THE TOP OF THE LINE WHEN IT COMES TO A MANAGER SIM, AWESOME DEVELOPMENT TEAM AND COMMUNITY. 10/10"
76561198108887334,Recommended,301120,33096345,Posted: 1 July,all,Nid,lit
,Recommended,301120,33646094,Posted: 19 July,all,Scraping_Watermelon,"Great game for all whom enjoy anything hockey,   Some dissapointments on the online side of the game.  Lots of glitches causing the game to crash."
,Recommended,301120,33619575,Posted: 17 July,all,Jaden,"Worth the learning curve. If you're into hockey or sports team management this game is great, there are even mods to have updated rosters."
76561198204255459,Recommended,301120,33847785,Posted: 27 July,all,CanadianGamerYT,This game is so well made and has everything. I love the realism of the trades but I do wish there was a setting where you could choose realism or not. Idk just for fun.
,Recommended,301120,33985392,Posted: 2 August,all,Rickety Cricket,"Once you download a roster from the steam workshop, the game is a super enjoyable, realistic hockey sim.ProsA very good interface, though it takes a while to get used to.In depth tactics, stats, and scouting.Fantasy draft option.Roster management is easy and efficient.Drafting, trading, and free agency are really well done.ConsGame feels really weird untill you figure out what you are doing.Sometimes feels like the success of my team depends on how good my goalie is."
76561198031344736,Not Recommended,301120,28242873,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jordyv046,I don't like it at all. It's just poor
76561198248556224,Recommended,301120,34245891,Posted: 14 August,all,awesomeoshie,"I have over 1,300 hours in this game and while i can definatly say its not everyones cup of tea it is made solidly and if you have time and petiance you will learn to love this game. P.S. Intrested buyer you will need to subscribe to roster packs if you want real life players. It is much easier to do now and a simple steam search will do the trick."
76561198110346334,Recommended,301120,34540952,Posted: 27 August,all,J-zizzle,"This game is great. With that said, I hope their staff expands greatly, the game has alot of potential."
,Recommended,301120,16044206,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Manchovie,I have played 1500 hours of ehm and a solid 400 on fhm I love hockey sims to say the least.. the thing that drives me towards FHM a little bit more is the fact that it doesnt take so long to simulate into a game.. sometimes I enjoy going thru a couple years quickly to see how players develop but other then that EHM takes the cake.. it is the best hockey sim game on the market and it is not too complicated (as long as you understand the sport of hockey)1500+ hours and 1000+ to come
,Not Recommended,301120,21386082,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Skyrim 2: the Squeakquel,The devs no longer care about this game.
,Recommended,301120,34698690,Posted: 2 September,all,Astrologist,"I've played this game for 2000+ hours and I must say for a simulation game, it does what it's supposed to do - simulate. This is a game I let run in the background once I've built up my team, which is something I really like doing with any simulation game. What I thought is cool about this game is that , the stats do matter and will effect your team, the front office you have also effects your team too. This game is really detailed when it comes to what actually effects your team and how the simulation runs. Sometimes, even if you build up this monster, stacked forward team, but lack depth, experienced defence and a reliable goalie, your team won't simlate as you expect - which is really nice. On top of all this, experience does play a HUGE factor when it comes to simulating and playoffs. If you run with a team that is all rookies, your team will not simulate well because they don't have experience nor do they have experienced players around them. That goes with the playoffs too, if your team is inexperienced in the playoffs you won't go deep until your players gain enough experience.I think the only negative I see are is the salary cap does not move. But it can be raised video EHM Assistant, which does wonders if you want to raise salary cap like the real NHL. Otherwise, amazing game would recommend!"
,Recommended,301120,32675730,Posted: 23 June,all,me DUSTER XD,pretty good
,Recommended,301120,25530559,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SmilingPanda,Best Hockey sim out thereis good can be betterslight learning curve but kinda worth it
76561198128156130,Recommended,301120,35135978,Posted: 22 September,all,KrazyKanook,"1st ever review on Steam. For those that say it's unstable.. ridiculous, I've never crashed and I've played this game forever (I mean FOREVER - like the first ever EHM back in the early 2000's).This game is the greates hockey sim ever made. You can get totally lost in it - if sim management is your think. If you love the GM side of hockey.BUY this game now, you will not regret it. The developer (Riz is the best) has always been so close with the community (for nearly 20 years now).BUY IT"
76561198128490922,Recommended,301120,35313185,Posted: 29 September,all,GaBiz,OMG almost 1000 hours on this game and i still did NOT wrote a review?!?! Well i think that speak for itself...great game for all you hockey fans..very realistic made. You need to download as well from EHM Blueline forum a real name patch and you will get real names and as well many more leagues! Great game! Thank you Riz & Co for this game! Bought it at EA!
,Recommended,301120,35505849,Posted: 5 October,all,J.P.,Excellent game that has only gotten better since release. Mods to update the rosters are frequently made by users.
