user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044837385,Recommended,301560,14734943,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Spoogeist,"An imperfect gem of a game.The Good:- Great art design, and excellent atmosphere- Well-crafted level design- Interesting gameplay mechanics and puzzles- Good integration of light/dark mechanics- Excellent pacing for the majority of the experience- Plenty of ""game"" (~5 to 6 hours for a first playthrough without getting all achievements)- Above-average writing and voice work- Nice-yet-predictable storyline- Genuinely creepy, with a few jump scares for good measure- Puzzles avoid ""moon logic""- Actually fairly challenging. This is not a walking simulator- The ""noir"" look works, most of the time- Bug-free, for the most partThe Bad:- Lots of aliasing.- Low poly models, and some poor animation work here and there- Save system is a good idea horribly executed. You will lose some progress here and there.- AI is unpredictable in a bad way. Plenty of cheap deaths waiting for you- Fixed camera angles make for hit-and-miss- Predictable ending- Limited resources can be aggrivating if you're stuck- One or two lame puzzles- Sluggish opening act throws the pacing off a bit.- Unskipabble cutscenesOverall, if you're a fan of Resident Evil 1, it's hard not to recommend this game. It has a lot of great ideas, is pretty scary at times, and moves the player along at a nice pace. The price is great for the content that is here. Not a ton of replayability, but plenty of achievements for those who care. This could have been a lot better visually if there had been a decent anti-aliasing solution in place, but it doesn't really hold the game back that much.Be prepared to experience a few cheap deaths, and lose a little progress (it's only really annoying when it happens too long after a save, or after a longer cutscene). Other than that, this is an excellent peice of entertainment for fans of the genre, who want to see it with a noir bent. Dark, brooding, creepy and very fun.I don't really want to cover the story here, because that's part of the fun of playing the game. I will say I didn't find it to be the main attraction of the game; the game runs quite well on inertia -- exploring the environment, opening up new areas, solving puzzles and of course dealing with all the creepy things sprinkled about gives more than enough reason to spend time in this world. Mise en scene is high, and while I found the written material (books, letters, etc) to be written very well, the core storyline is not hugely intruiging. Your mileage may vary. Short version: You go into a house. Bad stuff happens.Score: Buy it."
,Recommended,301560,15775785,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Morbid,"+ Great music and voiceacting.+ Pretty scary. Soiled myself.+ Awesome noir theme.+ Good puzzles.+/- Used 5 hours to beat it.+/- OK story.+/- Above mediocre. I won't play through it a second time.- A couple of cheap deaths.- The camera and controls can be very frustrating.- The game crashed about 4-5 times.- I had to synch the game a couple of times, because a lot of the objects didn't show. This resulted in being blocked by invisible walls etc.- Very unoriginal and predictable ending."
,Recommended,301560,14764644,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Corpekata,"Game seems to be going a bit under the radar so thought I'd shed some light. White Night is a horrorish adventure game with a minimalist art style, almost all in black and white. Everything in the game is pure darkness unless illuminated by a light source, and so it often creates scenes oozing with style, especially when couples with the fixes camera angles.While the game has some obvious survival horror roots, it is mainly an adventure game, never really involving any sort of combat. The game is set in a decrepit mansion evoking the likes of Resident Evil and Alone in the Dark, but playing out a bit more like Silent Hill. Lighting is one of the main puzzle mechanics. You need light to explore and interact with the house, so you need to manage matches so you don't run out. Spending too much time in the dark or running into one of the residents will not end well. The puzzles often involve either lighting up areas to force enemies away (they can't stand electric light) so you can progress or lighting area so you can perform an action that would be too hard in the dark. There are also some traditional ""mansion owned by loonies"" types of esoteric puzzles to solve, though they are probably a bit on the easy side.The game's story is a bit bare bones. The main character is driving and swerves his car to avoid hitting a ghostly woman and from there enters the creepy mansion of the Verner family and is stuck investigating their secrets. From there there's not a ton of meat, with the vast majority of the story being fleshed out with journals to read that are dropped like every 10 feet. Some of these have some questionable translation. Even still, the game has some pretty obvious plot turns and twists that everyone will guess an hour in, which can be frustrating to watch the game treat as big deals later.Where the game excels in is atmosphere. The enemies you face are consistently creepy and rarely get to be a chore like in a like of similar games. Some great sound design. Not reliant on jump scares, though there's a couple good ones, and the way it treats the enemies with never really being in focus is unsettling. When you take back an area of the house by turning on the lights it feels like a real accomplishment. The game does have a few cheap deaths from the fixed camera angles if you're unlucky. If you get stuck on a puzzle too it can be easy to run out of matches and really screw yourself, though I only came close to this once so I imagine it won't be an issue for many.Game lasted me 5-6 hours and should be roughly the same for most. It's not a game I'd shout from the rooftops about but it's a good little entry if you're looking for something creepy. Good first outing, will look forward to seeing what they can do with a bigger budget and maybe better translators."
,Recommended,301560,16128270,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"Another hard night in Steam Town.  I peer into the streets looking for a little fun, but the sight hits me like a Mack Truck full of garbage:  Boss Activision has the city tonight.  A hundred Call of Duty hatchet men; the gunfire's so thick you'd barely be able to see the movie tie-ins pimping their wares if they didn't swarm like the bugs under a June streetlight.  Distinguished old names walk with 'em, but I shake my head in disgust.  I see the bruises and I know old man Activision already bought their souls.Crows will come to eat Activision's buffet.  But me?  I just pour myself a glass of the hard stuff.  That's when she comes through my door: all black dress and ivory skin like something out of an old movie or a graphic novel.  Looks to kill for.  The whisky burns my guts like a lit molotov and I know I'm going to play this game.  She says she's got a job for me, ""survival horror just like the good old days.""  I take another drink and think to myself,good old days or bad hard times?I ask for her name and she tells me through a sly smile, ""White Night.""Another hard night in Steam Town.Before you wretch at the prospect of another horror game on Steam, know that White Night is pretty cool.  Okay, so it's got a lot of questionable gameplay elements we knew weren't very good in 1996, a story that's handicapped by its reliance on cliche, and the old cardinal sin of scrapping the visual-interactive medium to tell a story through document collection.  Wait!  Don't leave yet!  You'll notice I still gave this one a thumbs up.  And it's not even a half-hearted ""this game is inoffensive but completely mediocre, so my thumb is really dead center but I'm in a good mood today"" thumbs up.White Night opens up with a sequence where you control a period 1930's car driving down an empty New England road in the middle of the night.  Your headlights illuminate billboards along the road with the game's credits while a mournful jazz song plays.  Something like this tells me the developers made something special and they know it.  It sets the tone for a detective horror story with a 1930's noir style with aplomb and lets you really drink in the game's visual aesthetic.Breathe in.  Exhale.  This game rules atmosphere and it doesn't let up after that strong intro.  The main character peppers his inner monologue with metaphors as colorful as the game is monochrome.  His lines are read with the steady sort of grim determination you'd expect from a noir hero.  The fixed camera angles work artistically, if not necessarily gameplay-wise, with each area having strong framing that lends to the comic-book feel.  The rooms of the mansion the game is set in couldn't do a better job of conveying an increasing feeling of decay and confinement - motifs central to the story - supported by the Depression-era setting.  And the collectible documents bring forth all the history and insanity you need to tie the package together.  It's good.  Damn good.As a story, though, White Night has some pretty damning weaknesses.  I've already mentioned that it relies on a cliche.  I saw the obligatory twist coming before I was an hour in, less than halfway done exploring the first floor.  And the game did disappoint by doing exactly what I expected.  Seeing where the game was going so early, took a good chunk of the magic out of it for me.  Yeah, the game's tone was strong enough to sock me through the plate-glass window of my imagination, but I didn't tell it to stop!White Night is a ghost story and the ghosts as antagonists really lack the sort of visceral weight I want from a noir thriller.  Seeing my guy swarmed by flailing ghosts just doesn't have the impact of knowing he could end up with his skull caved in by a blunt object.  In fact, the occult elements of the story really fall flat (not unlike a skull caved in by a blunt object).  There's a lot of metaphysical B.S. involving alchemy that clashes with the very believable letters and diary entries.  A Depression-era noir thriller could definitely make good use of occult motifs, but here I think they mostly serve to disconnect the story from the gritty tone the game set up so well.Even though story and atmosphere are where it's at for a game like this, let's talk gameplay before you guys turn to hard drinking and fistfighting just to get some action in.  White Night has stolen its clothes from Resident Evil and Silent Hill, if not quite gone so far as to disembowel them and wear their skin.  I don't need to tell you guys about tank controls and fixed camera angles.  This game's got them and has all the gameplay problems associated with them.  You'll experience cheap deaths and confusion from blind angles and getting turned around between screens, make no mistake.The game doesn't really have combat, unlike its predecessors.  Instead, your main resource is matches, which allow you to explore the dark areas of the house without mysteriously dying.  Interestingly, the matches behave a bit like real matches in that you might randomly get a dud.  Combine this with fixed save points and White Night makes safety an uncertain proposition, which is good for horror.  However, it can quickly get frustrating if you have to redo long sequences between checkpoints or go running back to refill your small supply of matches because you got a bunch of duds in a row.Match light won't kill or even fend off the ghosts that can instantly kill you, only switching on electric lights will do the job.  Once again this can make things tense, or it can be very frustrating when you have to run a gauntlet of ghosts randomly moving around in the dark.  Yeah, the stakes have been raised, but during these sequences I died so many times trying to navigate them, that I just ended up getting irritated by the futility of it rather than horrified.  It's also worth noting that you can't run past any ghost.  Ghosts meant to block your way until you solve a puzzle will block your way until you solve a puzzle and it's not often clear which ghosts are which.So the gameplay walks a razor's edge between tension and frustration.  That razor's edge cuts impressively when it works, but when you're juggling it among so many balls, your balls won't feel good when it misses.  And I found it to be pretty hit-or-miss.Puzzle solving is about what you'd expect from a game with White Night's roots.  There's a lot of find-odd-shaped-key-for-door puzzles, as well as some weird contraption based puzzles that have that contrived ""puzzle"" feel.  The former have the problem of being too straightforward and the latter tend toward the cryptic, even if there are far fewer of them.  The thing to take away from this is that it isn't a puzzle game.  It's a horror game.Alright, after all that why do I still recommend White Night?  Can I really sell it to you on the art style alone if it has so many weaknesses?  Damn skippy, I can!  But more importantly, White Night does something great.  Yeah, you'll be brought in by janky, nostalgic controls and those crisp black and white graphics (which could admittedly use better anti-aliasing), but what White Night does best is make you feel like you're an investigator using a hard nose for secrets to fight back the dark.  It does this with its atmosphere and its superlative pacing.  From staggering into a mysterious mansion, to meeting your first ghost with little fanfare, to pressing forward to the darker and more sinister sections of the mansion; from ground floor, to top floor, attic, and basement; White Night keeps getting darker and more dangerous.  It's not a great story, no.  But it's very well told.  It stood out like a muzzle flash in a pitch black room during the Activision Weekend when I picked it up.  I definitely recommend you give it a try if horror is your bag and it's on sale.  For fifteen bucks, though?  Maybe wait."
76561198115163025,Not Recommended,301560,20629362,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Googlyama,"Let me start with the good.- Great atmosphere- Great art style- Great music- Good spoops- Decent voice actingAnd now the bad.- Hilarious dialogue/terrible grammar in some places- Infuriating controls- Cheap deaths- Strange save system- Predictable but strange endingI will say that playing this game would be hilarious fodder for a ""Let's Play"" video, simply because of the dialogue and written pieces that you pick up along the way. I'm familiar with the noir style of dialogue, but in White Night I found it very hard to take anythingWilliamsaid seriously. He would spout random, weird descriptions of things that were just downright silly and instead of being afraid I was sitting there laughing. Combine that with the running mechanic while changing camera views and you've got yourself something closer to Goat Simulator in tone."
,Recommended,301560,14735889,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Smithfield,"ENEarly impressions:v. 0 -FR en dessous...White Night story’s unfolds in a manor which appears to be completely cut off. Your character finds himself there without really understanding how. It’s the 30’s, times appear to be very troubled and unsure, somehow it feels like cities and civilization are collapsing in the distance. After first lines of voice-over, you can already understand how tainted you are, the fatality, the alcohol…The atmosphere at the very beginning of the game is Noire (obviously), warm vocal jazz, deep voice of narrator speaking… Horror part comes far later and to speak the truth White Night events call to my mind a Noire mixed with supranatural plot rather than a classical survival horror.Adventure deeply reminds me of the original Resident Evil, one unique location (the manor), levels and rooms feel like a maze, previous scene wasd’s subjective control, the static camera which automatically switch point of view also does a great job. Once inside you’re locked in, you got there hoping for help but you’ll find questions and puzzle instead.Like in Amnesia, the light is your friend, stay in the dark for too long and you’ll die, out of matches, death it is. If resident evil used typewriter for saving your progress, you’ll need in this game to sleep in coach and armchair.You have only one save game and you don’t get to control it.Beside of staying enlightened, you walk from room to room trying to find keys, useful items, or any clue that could explain what’s going on in the manor, you have one ally, the gost of a singer who used to live there.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=402259203Monsters are like the one in Mamas' movie, slender, silent, hidden in darker area. Most of the times it’s  “jump scare” that you’ll experience rather than gloomy and evil mood. Many (many) objects await you to understand more about the plot: newspaper excerpts, family’s member journal and macabre vintage photographs. As you progress visited rooms get debated by the ghost’s wrath.Note that most of the time it’s an hide’n seek gameplay since you can't kill ghost with your basic matches.If you're looking for more similar stories I'd recoomend this movie (actually a set of shorts film). Among others, Charles Burns is featuredhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0792986/.Technically: only 2 graphics option (vsync/aliasing) as well as non standard resolution (but no hotsampling allowed). The game displays a non deactivable film grain. A very strange grain actually, it cripples the purity of black and white visual.Keyboard can be remap (default key for sprint is U… if someone has any explanations about such choice I’m curious to know it).Run smooth on OSX Yosemite- -Smithfieldfriendlist info.review policyFRRapidement: C'est un jeu de petite envergure, pas aussi vaste et profond que Outlast. Mais quoiqu'il arrive il est très inspiré de Resident Evil (original) Caméra fixe dans la pièce, un petit côté labyrinthe, l'action se déroule dans un manoir unique. (la VF est très convaincante, la voix-off me fait penser un peu au ton de celle des Sin City). Mais pour moi jusqu'ici, il penche plus du côté noir que du côté horreur, mais certaines scènes m'ont quand même donné de belles décharges d'adrénaline.Rappelez que le jeu offre une VF intégrale et elle est tout à fait convaincante!"
,Recommended,301560,14746725,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Prestonality,Absolutely amazing experience. Throw back to old static (partially static) camera angles. Terrifying unknown. Pure classic survival horror. A must for any fan of Clock Tower or Alone in the Dark. Can't wait to replay this gem again. Top notch presentation and even better sound. Just an engrossing storyline told very cleverly. Excited to see more from this studio.
,Recommended,301560,14814480,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bastwood,"A throwback to the roots of 3D survival horror. Channeling the 1992 Infogrames classic ""Alone in the Dark"", White Night shares many aspects of the original: Mostly puzzle-driven gameplay with a large, derelict mansion to explore; Crooked, static camera angles Sam Raimi himself would be proud of, and a large part of the story told via books and diary entries. Both games even feature the same Camille Saint-Saëns' composition - A nice little touch.Not being bound by 90's technology, White Night additionally handles exposition by integrating an ongoing vocal narration. Listening to the somber musings of the protagonist sink in the film noir aesthetic, a goal that is visually even more evident: Everything is presented in black & white, either illuminated by a flickering matchstick or shrouded in ever-unfolding nocturnal shadows.Finding ways to produce even the tiniest gleam of light to fight back the gloom requires careful observation and thought, since you're otherwise weaponless against the void and its spawn. When cornered, running away is the only option. To make matters even more dire, you're always burning through your stack of matches, a valuable commodity that the game carefully administers to keep up tension.While White Night is oozing with stylistic charm, in some ways it clings perhaps a bit too closely to twenty-year old design choices; Probably enough so to make most modern gamers squirm in discomfort. You die in one hit. You run out of matches, you're dead. The camera angles sometimes make navigation way harder, especially in high-stress situations.The worst offender, however, is the obnoxiously bad checkpoint system. Replaying through sizable chunks of puzzles is a common occurrence, since there simply aren't enough savepoints between some scene transitions. I understand that a certain sense of stinginess in saving possibilities is required in a survival horror game, but come the hell on - Don't make me watch story scenes multiple times just because you've set up a murderous wraith around the next corner right after it.Anyhow, I was brought up on way more vicious stuff so in the end I overcame, but I can easily imagine folks of a less forgiving mental disposition towards games attempting to screw them over to just keel over and capitulate way before the slender lady sings. As the end credits rolled, I walked away from White Night feeling that here's a game that was created exactly for people like me - A fleeting validation that maybe my thirty plus years of gaming haven't been a total waste of time. Some people do still remember.Next time, also bring back the Cthulhu mythos."
,Recommended,301560,14742187,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Cali Yo,"UPDATE: Beat the game.A really great but flawed game. The contrast of the white and black really makes things more tense than most spooky games. I feel like these devs are really big Silent Hill fans, as they take a lot of cues from the series: the helplessness, the atmosphere, and also the technical issues.This has a weird control issue; when you move from one camera angle to another, the direction you are pressing sends you into wherever that direction is as opposed to the direction you are going (I hope that makes sense). This is INFURIATING when I'm trying to run away from a ghost and the camera angle changes and I run right back into the ghost.Honestly, that's the only really bad thing about this game so far. I love the Depression-era setting (which no one does and I appreciate), the spooky mansion, and the use of light and darkness as a gameplay mechanic.ADDENDUM (after actually beating it): the controls are goddamn frustrating. So. Goddamn. Frustrating. It's like tank controls but without the precision.The game's puzzles are pretty subtle throughout the game; you just have to get this thing to put in that thing to unlock that door. The last 2 chapters just go straight up Silent Hill puzzles, with matching pictograms and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think it's a weird progression.Overall, I'm disappointed. I could see the ending coming a mile away. There's a lot of design choices that just bug me (especially with how you play the ending, you'll see). I would compare this to Murdered: Soul Suspect, in that it's a great idea with a lot of gameplay design decisions that bring it down. I still recommend it, but only if you have a high tolerance for stupid controls."
,Recommended,301560,17482297,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,i3londee,"White Night is kinda like the film noir of horror games. Its deceptively simple black and white graphics highlight the importance of light as safety... because you never know what lurks in that deep blackness! It can get really disorienting at times which adds to the creepiness of the atmosphere. The music is phenomenal, art direction incredible.My only complaint is the changing directional controls when the camera changes on your character. It makes running away from Margret MUCH harder!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,301560,16015206,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,rjmacready,"Frank Miller, old-school survival horror, and even OLDER-school adventure gaming had a baby.  In other words: SHEER ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME...er...apart from some small technical problems...Firstly, any remapping you do of the controls doesn't seem to be saved the next time you start up the game.  This isn't a real biggie, though, considering there's so few controls that redoing them takes no more than ten seconds of your time, once you get the hang of it.Then there's the save system...mostly excellent...hell, almost inspired (you rest in an armchair, but first have to ensure you shed enough light on said chair to do so safely!)...but every now and then, you encounter one of those godawful moments of shithouse game design where you go back literally MINUTES of gameplay, having to redo bits you've done a thousand times before, just to get up to that one fateful bit which keeps snuffing you.  An absolute ♥♥♥♥ing pet peeve of mine, I'm not afraid to admit.  But wait, it gets worse...For me at least, the game fell into a habit of automatically RESTARTING itself straight after I exited it.  This would only be mildly annoying and inconvenient, except...I eventually got so used to skipping through the screens to get to that ""exit"" button the second time, that I accidentally pressed ""new game"" and ERASED MY ♥♥♥♥ING SAVE.  My ONLY save.  The only save the game allows you to have at any one ♥♥♥♥ing time.  And I was, best as I can deduce, AT LEAST HALF-WAY THROUGH THE FRIGGING GAME!!  So let's hear it, everybody, for games with a single, solitary autosave.  HALLE-♥♥♥♥ING-LUYAH!!!In short, an otherwise very, very excellent game marred by some very serious technical shortcomings, and a couple of♥♥♥♥♥♥poor design decisions.  I'm sure I'll get back to it again soon enough, but right now I'm ♥♥♥♥ing livid to be honest.  And this, on the same day on which I had to completely ""reset"" another one of my computers because it hasn't been able to connect to any internet for weeks now, for, y'know, reasons known only to God and Satan themselves.  Man, I tell ya, if it wasn't for the miracle of VIDEO GAMES, I'd be signing up as a fully-fledged, card-carrying member of the Flat Earth Society right now...Verdict: 9/10 (it'd probably be a 9.5, if it wasn't for my desire to put my FIST through my monitor at this very moment in time.  ♥♥♥♥ YOU, TECHNOLOGY)!!!"
76561198053419204,Not Recommended,301560,15880137,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Human Required,"While the concepts are solid, the execution is substantially lacking. The save system is trash and the AI is sporadic as all hell, meaning sometimes you'll breeze by the scary ghosts and other times they will trap you against your objective for an insta-death. And because your character isn't immune while interacting with the environment (even for plot necessary events), this means the ghosts have a major one-up on you, meaning cheap deaths galore. I write this review out of rage having gotten trapped about halfway through the game on an especially cheap section after you access the secret wardrobe from the Narnia books, so understand why I sound a bit heated.On a more rational note, the art style is really cool, and the black and white noir aspect is really embraced in the gameplay. The plot is good and a bit darker (no pun intended) than White Night originally lets on, and overall it would've been a great two hour, five dollar indie adventure. But for the slow, plodding and monotenous back-track-filled, lackluster save system, cheap AI ridden game that it is, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,301560,18630466,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,osricen,"Great game! Totally recommended. Unique art style, gameplay and storytelling. A must-play for any classic horror fan and anyone seeking for a thrilling experience."
,Not Recommended,301560,29403033,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Props for attempting to go big with the visual style, but it ends up making it impossible to see half the game, frustrating attempts to find necessary items to solve puzzles and any attempt to navigate properly. Bumping around the same hallway a dozen times trying to find things and move forward really kills the mood, especially when you accidentally run into a ghost and actually get killed, needing to start the whole process over again."
,Not Recommended,301560,21053356,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Foxfire,"Extremely annoying controls, stupid camera angles and ridiculus save system.So no matter how nice and artsy the visual part is, it doesn't compensate for all the above."
76561198131829105,Recommended,301560,22475335,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Attackonkitten,I really would reccomend this game because first of all its got a good feeling to it and a quite a good story though in parts it is annoying.The good;Art styleGame play is smoothThe camara angles help to give the feeling of the game and partNow the bad things about it;The camara angles can really mess it up in parts such as in chapter 2 and 3 theres a ghost girl and its easy to walk into her because of the camara angleSome of the puzzles that you have to do are annoying as well as parts where you have to get from poiunt A to B and not touch any of the ghosts all in all they are not that clear to figure out.Now in the story there are parts where its good and bad though most of it you can either figure out or just dodge and weave around. The way that the game tells the story gives it a lot of its effect. The achivements also tell about the game and are quite simple to do and if you actualy do them help you and show you parts of the story.All in all i would reccomend this game to those who like puzzles and a bit of horror
76561198007688772,Not Recommended,301560,32184813,Posted: 4 June,all,Aargh,"There is this awesome little metagame on Steam called Pony Island. It's a about a game designed by Satan himself to torment sinners in Purgatory. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that such game really exists. It's called White Night.It's been a while since I've seen a game so deliberately frustrating, so hostile to the player.Camera. It's fixed and it's even worse than in the old Alone in the Dark games. Half of the time you don't see where you're going or what you're looking at. Running into a ghost right in front of you because the camera decided to look the other way is very common. Also, the camera loves to position itself at some weird angle as far as possible so good luck at pixel hunting tiny objects and barely visible collectibles.Controls.  No ""tank"" controls like in other games with fixed camera, here you go where you point the joystick. So every time camera switches you have to readjust the joystick, otherwise you change direction. This is especially great when running away from ghosts: camera switches erratically and you're almost certain to hit a wall and get killed.Light. You use matches to light the way. They burn out quickly yet the hero refuses to pick more than twelve. Also he's a complete idiot because he finds several candles but doesn't think of taking and using them. He doesn't even take a table top lamp capable of killing ghosts. No, no, he uses just matches during the whole game... Also, it's pitch black darkness two meters away from a glowing light bulb. Interesting physics.Ghosts. Insta-killing you on touch. Barely visible. Transparent and foggy, so it's hard to determine their distance from you even if you can see them. At later level some rooms are so full of them that getting around is based on pure luck.Save system. Oh god. You have to manually save by sitting on a marked chair, otherwise your progress is not saved. In a puzzle adventure game! So whenever you die (and that WILL happen countless times), you have to solve puzzles, pick up objects and watch cutscenes all over again. Collectibles are the only exception to this.The game breaks its own rules. It is clearly stated that only electric light hurts the ghosts. However, at one point you kill a ghost using fire from a boiler. Also if you stay too long in the dark, ghost will kill you even if there were no ghosts before and despite the fact ghosts should not see you in darkness (as revealed by one of the documents).No chapter select. Have you missed a collectible? Too bad, replay the whole game again.And like every s**tty game this one too has unskippable cutscenes.Every time you save, the character sits in a chair, tired and depressed, and facepalms. This is exactly how I felt the whole time. Not recommended, not even on sale."
,Not Recommended,301560,29285155,Posted: 15 January,all,Xenfox,"I have a hard time deciding whether or not to recommend this. The visual style is quite interesting, and the story is alright, though a little strange. Some of the puzzles were interesting and the overall flow of the game was good.There are, however, a number of major issues I had with the game which is why I'm not sure to recommend or not. First of all, the Resident Evil 1-like camera angles are quite frustrating and create several situations where manouvering through the environment was quite taxing. The second issue I have is more of a personal preference thing, but I find in a story-driven, puzzle/exploration game having an unkillable enemy is just an excuse to artificially increase the difficulty and time spent in the game.I guess, if you are a fan of the film noir styling, and you like avoidance games and/or puzzle games, this might be a good game for you, just bare with the terrible controls in the first 5-10 minutes. Unfortunately, I think that ultimately the limited ability to explore because of the threats hurt this otherwise well done game and for that reason I will not recommend it."
,Recommended,301560,14733618,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Camzillasmom,"The player is a guy in a completely Black and White environment. After a car accident, he seeks help in a building but is locked in by an unknown force. Lots of things to find out and to see. But be careful. You only have room for 12 matches and without them the ghosts will hunt you down!This game has creeped me out... I admit it... sadly, it's not for me. IreviewedWhite Night and came to the conclusion: I like the art work, the music and the puzzles (at least the one I managed to make beforea monster that looked like my angry auntie I never liked very much made me force quit.If you like puzzle solving in a nice environment, like this black and white piece of art and have the guts for some spooky ghosts in the dark, this is the one for you.Funny... I can cut the heads of Zombies with machetes and chainsaws but I can't play this... a real shame!!!"
,Recommended,301560,15035228,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,CXX,"Well, The puzzles are not really challenging... and the ending is a little bit predictable actually(not in full moon nights)...But cool graphics, cool game mechanics, cool music, cool story, cool everything. Come on, this game is cool, what else could I say? Read some other reviews, I'm just here to click the recommend button, oh and, to recommend you to play White Night. If you're interested in experiencing some special designed adventure games, here's one."
,Recommended,301560,18026393,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tag Wolf,Beautiful. Haunting. Stays with you like a bad dream. Grab it.
76561198109860236,Recommended,301560,21217635,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SeansShow,"Loved it. The game does more than enough differently within the horror genre to stand out...the eyecatching stylised black and white art style, the noir setting, the light and shade puzzles, the actual main game mechanics of matches / electric lamps, the stealth games of cat and mouse with the ghosts, the novel system of saving involving illuminated couches, on top of all that it's hugely atmospheric....everything that it brings to the genre is high quality, some of it even feels fresh.The real standout point however is the story. It starts out initially leaving you disorientated, with very little to go on, almost goes into a lull, then the power in the house goes down and with it the relative safety and benefits of the electric lighting, matches take on the same importance as air, ghosts are round every corner. Through the collectible snippets / photos / journals and story progression it builds to a finish that ends with an absolute thump and is about as dark as dark gets."
,Recommended,301560,14804124,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Audeez,"Set during the tail end of the Great Depression, White Night is a stylistic thriller where the contrasts of light and dark are more than just window dressing. Playing very much like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but with the camera and controls of the early Resident Evil games, White Night begins when you crash your car after swerving to miss a woman in the road while coming home from the bar one night. You follow the woman into a nearby mansion in search help, only to become sucked into a mystery whose secrets are as dark as the night itself.Say what you will about the Resident Evil style controls, while the've always had their flaws, White Night seems to recognize this and does a decent job of making sure that changing camera angles don't hamper movement too much. Most of the game involves your searching for keys and other items needed to progress through the mansion while reading various diaries and newspaper articles that advance the narrative along the way. The puzzles for the most part are simple enough given either a little bit of thought or a little trial and error and the mechanics of light and shadow that often accompany them never feel gimicky or too out of place. The enemies are usually just another puzzle themselves, living obstacles that can be vanquished by the light. Visually the game's high contrast style is executed perfectly, though I felt the character models were lower poly than they could have been. The anti-aliasing could have been stronger also, as the high contrast really highlights the effect.The sound is excellent, from the music to the foley, creating a consistent mood thoughout. The voice acting as well is excellent, though the dialog and portions of the writing suffer a bit. This may just be due to English not being the developer's native language however. In addition to the narrative of the protagonist, the woman, and the mansion's owners, there also seems to be some attempt at subtext or metaphor regarding capitalism and the downfall of the American dream, but it gets lost in the mix and regardless of its Gatsby-esque  intentions, feels a little half-formed.If you're a fan of narrative adventure games like Amnesia, Gone Home, or Among the Sleep and you're looking for something similar with lots of style and a noir setting, then I definitely recommend White Night. It has a few flaws here and there, but its nothing that detracted from my enjoyment of the game."
76561197992410886,Recommended,301560,21307587,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,TicTac,"This is a very good game indeed.The high contract black and white style as well as the excellent musical accompanyment really brings the quality of the mood and atmospheric setting to the fore. This game made me feel consistently uneasy, mainly because the lack of light in various aspects made the brain wonder rather than be underwhelmed by monsters/ghosts/enemies that could be identified.Some notes:- Even as a Black and White game, this game does require a pretty decent graphics card.- Music and sound effects are excellent but need earphones to really stand above and beyond.- The camera angle system is good usually but has severe limitations when running away / trying to dodge various apperitions, such as due to camera angle changes at certain points I'd be running far forward and then immediately backwards again, and if the camera angle changed again I would be running back towards and into the apperiton that was chasing me.Overall while not perfect, this is a very good game and well worth exploring. Surprisingly creepy and unsettling rather than jump-out-your-skin horror.NOTES:Updated, there are a few frustrating bugs in the works, Crashes to Desktop and/or unable to escape apperitions. It is a veryfrustratinggame every time I die!!"
76561198087313362,Not Recommended,301560,28728894,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,john_ergine,"An honorable mention goes out to the game’s visual style. Short of that, it’s just not that interesting. The noir-styled story is rather naive and with the awkward save system and the endless running back and forth and instant deaths while dodging the ghosts and… I ended up watching the rest of it on YouTube."
,Not Recommended,301560,28735061,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,exmachinax,"One of the most disappointing games I ever played. It has potential but it is squandered away by terrible design choices.The art style is awesome. But the gameplay is centered around a gimmick (lighting matches that last very little time) and the novelty of it wears off soon. Then it becames frustrating. Not challenging, only frustrating, because there are times you will die repeatedly due to the poor controls and placements of camera angles. You will run into monsters in areas almost pitch black, having at most a split second to escape. And it is not enough plenty of times due to awkward control scheme and cameras. I know I said it before, but it really kills any immersion in the game. And no tank controls! Only screen based movement, which, IMO, is completely nuts for a game with fixed camera angles.I tried so hard to like this game, but in the end I had to abandon it."
76561198184331827,Recommended,301560,23574493,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,foxgodone,"I'm about half way through this gem, and I love it.  The graphical styling is superb.  soon you don't even notice the lack of color as you get caught up in the mystery of this black and white mansion straight out of a film noir.  The jazz soung that plays at key points throughtout the story is hypnotic.  The story itself is compelling, and th epacing of it is handled quite deftly.  The secrets of this house and story are revealed as you slowly peel back the trappings of the mystery layer by layer.    Highly recommended horror/survival/thriller where your only weapon to fight back the darkness is a match."
76561198031649554,Recommended,301560,15779230,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,E1vis,"White Night one of those games people haven't heard about and couple years later will be classic in every top 10 list of horror games.Graphic style is unique,you can even say stylized art with only white  black colors.Camera angles like in old Resident Evil series,its have good and bad side,game feels more atmospheric this way,but often you can stuck behind something and there is no way to turn camera around.Story was okay nothing ground breaking,but did really good job accurately depict era of the America's Great Depression during 1930s.According to Osome Studio they even holed themselves up in a real-life mansion in Normandy to soak in the architecture and atmosphere during development.Like i said for me story was good enough but wasnt hard to guess before final chapter who was a serial killer dubbed by the press “The Wolf of Black Lake”. Recommend buy this game on sale if you not sure and give it a try,but even for full price which isnt that much White Night worth every penny.Must buy for horror fans"
76561198064221865,Recommended,301560,26766565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jkly,"I have to say that I really liked this game.Graphics 9/10: Simplistic looking at first, but they turned out to be very beautiful. One effect I really liked was the slight burst of color that happened whenever you turned on a light. Fire's would glow slightly orangish, electric lights yellow, etc. The rest of the game is in black and white, so it really emphasizes the importance of light in this game.9/10 Story: I loved this, aside from the ending. You basically unravel the story mainly through notes and diaries scattered throughout the house and a couple of ghost sightings.Controls 8/10: This game utilizes fixed camera angles, but I found that I had little to no problem running away when I needed to.All in all 8.5/10 , an amazing game. I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,301560,32115971,Posted: 1 June,all,Lincoln Balloon,"If I had to describe White Night in one word, it would be ""solid"".  Not terrible, but not great either.At its core, White Night is a survival-horror game in the vein of Resident Evil.  This means fixed camera angles, sluggish character movement, and an emphasis on limited supplies.  The most impressive aspect of the game has to be its art style.  It's full of sharp lines and a vivid contrast between light and darkness.  The game has a very stylish and appealing look (although the character models are sometimes less impressive looking).Honestly, the art style is the best part of the game.  The gamplay and story are far less impressive by comparison.  They're not bad, but they have their flaws.White Night places you in the shoes of a man who leaves a bar and ends up experiencing an accident.  Upon coming to, he stumbles toward a large mansion in an attempt to seek help.  Much of the game is spent exploring the house and piecing together diary entries and notes to get the story.  While it's a decent setup, the story doesn't ever really amount to much until the final twist, and most players will figure out the twist on their own fairly early on in the game.  It's not hard to see coming.  I think a more interesting take would have been to reveal the twist maybe halfway through the game and spend the rest of the time dealing with that.As far as gameplay goes, it's a mixed bag.  You use matches to light up the dark areas around the house, but you have a very limited supply (only twelve max at a time).  Fortunately the game liberally spreads out matchbooks, so you never really run into a problem with that unless you're careless.  The problem starts with the enemies.Unlike Resident Evil, you can't fight the ghosts that chase you (you can only kill them with electric light, which becomes the source of most of the game's puzzles).  But when they chase you, your character quickly turns into feeling like an unwieldy drunk.  Add to that the fixed camera angles and one-hit deaths, and you'll die a lot of cheap deaths simply because you can't get your bearings quick enough when the camera changes.  The save system doesn't help either.  You're only allowed to save by sitting in certain chairs.  The game does checkpoint at times, but not always in the right places.  During the first half of the game, there are a couple of hallucination sections where the game will checkpoint at the beginning of them, but not after they're done.  So if you die after the sequence, but before you get to a chair, guess what?  You're doing it all over again.So here's the question: why checkpoint at the beginning of a sequence where (as far as I know) you can't die but not at the end of it?The pacing of the game doesn't help in these matters either.  You can run, but since running makes your matches run out a lot quicker, you're incentivized to walk everywhere.  And this can make the trek back from a cheap death all the more aggravating.  It's bad enough that it can send you ten minutes back...it's worse when the game basically forces you to take your time or risk blowing through your resources.On the whole, White Night was a decent game to play through, albeit sometimes an aggravating one.  The story isn't all that impressive and the gameplay causes as much headaches as it does fun.  The art style is the true standout in this affair, offering a very distinct feel to the game.  It's worth a playthrough for fans of survival-horror, but be prepared to deal with some irritation.  If you are not a patient gamer, then I would avoid this one.Otherwise, have at it."
76561198030252297,Recommended,301560,19228490,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,kcmonarch,"Wonderful film noir vibe combined with survival horror a la original Resident Evil - less the combat.The mansion succeeds in creating a genuinely creepy sense of ""place"", and photos/diaries/newspaper clips fill in the surprisingly well-crafted backstory.Relatively simple gameplay but amazing use of light/dark mechanic throughout.  A very high-quality sleeper if you enjoy noir/mystery/horror."
,Recommended,301560,22038246,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Franco,"Pro - Great atmosphere, great game mechanics which enhance the tension, nice puzzles, good story to unveil and nice references to jazz music, awesome game music and game audio.Cons - only one: in few moments of the game I found it very frustrating because it was too easy to die.Verdict - Very cool game, I really liked it. Play it at night with headphones."
,Recommended,301560,15876928,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,jdus1905pr,"Good game, though not for the impatient gamer. It isn't always possible to save your progress and it is really easy to run into a shadow if you are in a hurry. The gameplay could be a little smoother. There were a couple of times when I felt like I was playing Grim Fandango. The fixed camera angles screwed me more times that would like to admit. The story is interesting(although it is a M. Night Shyamalamadingdong classic)and the game is scary enough."
,Recommended,301560,15865575,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,*/+,"Very good atmosphere and music.My biggest problem is the controls. It has resident evil camera angle controls BUT it's not like Resident Evil were you have tank controls relative to your characters direction. The controls are relative to the camera. I haven't found a way to switch it.Story wise it's eh.The strong point is the story behind the house and recovering just how deep everything goes, the weak point is the actual story going on at the moment. I saw the ending coming miles away."
,Recommended,301560,28741296,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♥ Vivelafrance,"This game... I don't know what to say other than IT'S UNDERRATED AS HECK!!! I was shocked of the low rating and user review percentage when I first got the game but wow they did not discourage me from buying! This game had a very unique feel and it is for sure a game I will REMEMBER in the future. From all the great scares to the tough, but solvable puzzles and the beautiful artstyle this game will be forever in the back of your head as one to never forget. IT DOES HOWEVER, suffer from stiff controls aswell as only a FEW weird camera angles that sometimes can harm the player more than offer a great view. Other than that, sit back, get yourself in a dark, quiet room, and enjoy the ride and thrill this game gives. TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME 100% FOR THE HORROR AND PUZZLE LOVING PLAYER!"
,Not Recommended,301560,31709510,Posted: 12 May,all,clawjelly,"While i love the idea and the visual style, it's just not fun to play. Mediocre issues ruined it for me:- Why have a mouse menu, but keyboard controls ingame?!- While the visual style looks amazing, it's really hard to read and annoying for orientation and navigation. I got constantly stuck on invisible corners and that already in the first scene! This is especially frustrating with these controls. At times you can't even see your character.- I love the atmosphere, but the constant search-in-the-dark aspect got old really fast. Unless you walk up to an object there is no visual cue on what is an action item.Nice idea, weak execution. 2/5 stars."
,Recommended,301560,20433545,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,stefanovs,Great noir story. That's all you need to know. Buy it and play.
76561197961780577,Recommended,301560,22563430,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Last Order,"H. P. Lovecraft.Edgar Allan Poe.Breccia.Edward CarnbyChris Redfield.All of them agreed with me in a meeting we should recommend this game 100%Atmospheric. Good soundtrack. Good sound design. Epic art direction. Great concepts. Easy but nice puzzles. Cool background stories and short books and articles to read.Only bad spot: the controls in some moments.Tho, if you have good reflexes, it shouldn't be a problem (I think it makes the game more challenging actually).Still 100% recomended."
,Recommended,301560,22445808,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MacPhellimey,"10/10 Would crap myself within 5 minutes of starting the game again.... especially if I try playing this game again.SStarted this as a blind play, not even knowning what genre it was, and seriously scared me so hard I turned it off and haven't been able to start the game again... but holy crap it was good. :S"
76561198073291912,Recommended,301560,15915233,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Beebob,Tiz pretty. Story kind of turned my brain to jam the first time though. Took watching someone else play it to work out the details but really good
76561198080192842,Recommended,301560,16294420,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,lukemunson,"This game was just fantastic. The art style was an incredible take on the classic film noire, but the atmosphere was clearly one of horror. The music, puzzles, and general systems of the game were all top notch. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good horror game."
76561198074387601,Recommended,301560,14764622,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Evilhunterr,loved the game  love the art style great story  only problem i found with the game is the crashes hopefully there will be a patch or something other than that loved it
,Not Recommended,301560,25839951,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sunshine BanjoFace,"I'll start with story since this a more story focused game.Basically you're generic male Noire character exploring a spooky house with a cool art style. If you've played any Silent Hill game you can see the twists coming a mile off, and once you learn the twists you begin to realize how the entire adventure could've been ended from the beginning.Where I think the story ultimately fails is that it attempts to be a character study of the protagonist without showing the key aspects of his life. You never see his childhood or anything that shows how he became the person he is. The only way to even learn his backstory is to read it from hidden notes collected throughout the game. This is a terrible way to communicate story, not only because it's hard to find every single note, but also because making a player read the plot to the game is the fastest way to kill their enjoyment. It makes them feel like they should just go read a plot summary online and get the same effect. Combine that with long winded fanciful metaphors about the great depression and you get something that comes off really pretentious and boring.Next we move onto gameplay. Again, if you like Silent Hill or Resident Evil the formate should not be unfamiliar. Largely you explore the house, solve puzzles, and dodge enemies. While the ""Ash Ghost"" enemies are really scary the first time you see them repetition makes things really dull. The puzzles themselves are fun when allowed to be by themselves, but often times enemy dodging will be thrown in, and if a single enemy so much as touches you you go back to your last save. Btw, save often.Overall if you are on a survival horror kick and can stomach pretentious inchorrent story and obnxious enemies to do some fun puzzles you will enjoy this, otherwise pass."
76561198044392519,Not Recommended,301560,22487744,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dug,"No matter how gorgeus the graphics are and how well-made the atmosphere is, the gameplay is easily one of the worst I've ever experienced playing a horror game.So yeah, the art is nice, it's very unique and we get to see a great world. The story is also interesting, I'd have loved to find out more.However, very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and camera angle synergy, no excuse for that, especially when you have insta-kill enemies. And the pitch black art style sometimes kicks itself in the♥♥♥♥♥ well alongside with the camera probably. There are just sections where you have no chance seeing something just by looking with your match. That's very annoying, when you want to find all the collectibles, it'too ♥♥♥♥ing nitpicky, you not seeing even with a light on is very obstructive if you're supposed to collect dozens of books and♥♥♥♥♥♥in just a few rooms, because those give insight to the story..If only you could work around the crappy controls and camera synergy without hair pulling you would have a nice game, but since being able to control your character properly is essential to enjoy a game it didn't work for me. White Night failed miserably on the biggest part of every game, while being very pretentious on the others, very big shame."
76561198153714609,Recommended,301560,17678521,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,igorigorigorigori,"This is definitely ""must play"" game."
,Not Recommended,301560,20362360,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sarcastick,"When I first saw this game I thought I'd have been blown away by it's artistic style and enthused by it's Noir Detective Story but both were incredibly boring; the lighting and shading were too heavy to the point where I could barely see what I was looking at (it was supposedly a grave with an angelic figure over it) and the detective work was literally just go here, get an item, open secret door, get another item, go here, open secret chest, etc.Should've been good, wasn't, it's a shame but not every game is a good one."
,Recommended,301560,29557377,Posted: 28 January,all,clockwiseさん,"Pros:- The cellshaded monochrome (save for a few splashes of colours here and there) art style was pretty unique.- Interesting story.- Creative menu layout with the tabs playing piano keys (idk I though that was a nice detail).- Voice acting was pretty good.- Options for subtitles! Yes!- Good music and sound effects; some may be a bit cliché at times (but what isn't these days?)Cons:- The keyboard controls are a right pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- The camera moves constantly which is not the best if you have motion sickness or migraines related to movement.Honestly, I can overlook the flaws to appreciate this game. Had I been using a gamepad, I would probably have a slightly better opinion about this game.Overall, it's relatively good but I'd buy it when there's a Steam sale on."
76561198072732542,Recommended,301560,14891671,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ArtemissBow,"This game is just plain fantastic. It's eerie atmosphere and setting are executed flawlessly, and I loved that it kept me scared without really popping out anything at all. I really like the fact that you have to puzzle out the story of the house and what happened there, the lore is interesting and kept me hungry for more. I have linked a 'lets play' style set of videos that I've done on the game, I really hope that at the very least it helps get the word out about this awesome indie.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpHrv8xQ7ig&list=UUr0t7rt-rsLflQll-fElgyg"
76561198043938050,Recommended,301560,32166868,Posted: 3 June,all,Shock_Tart,"great game! honestly I predicted the end in the beginning of the game and got it spot on, Its very visually striking and the storyline is great.  Check out the vid here! Skip through it and see if you think its worth picking up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dP-HfJpTEs&list=PLPIgXn4zWwLMPR3L8wBgK-FOkFhQaiUSB"
76561198023848287,Recommended,301560,33587641,Posted: 16 July,all,blackdragon_bp,"SPOOKY NOT SCARY(This is my first review ever!!)The black and white art-style is brilliant and is the game’s memorable USP. From a purely aesthetic POV the crazy camera angles and use of light and shadow work great to establish a building sense of dread. I loved the game’s ability to frame your character and make him feel small and vulnerable one moment to menacing the next.  It works best at the game’s beginning such as when you approach the house for the first time and the camera is orientated looking down on you making you feel like an insect being watched by the black windows of the house. I half expected something to move behind the glass! This is when the game design works really well because it literally makes you jump at shadows and allows you to fear what is unsaid and unseen. Just as your shifting shadow is projected on the walls so do your fears.However these moments are fewer the further in the game you go. Unfortunately the subtly of fearing what is implied (which games like Amnesia do so well) is lost when you are hammered with 100+ letters, notes, photos, and articles, when you  encounter the first ‘ghost’, and through the game’s overuse of blood.  I personally enjoy reading loads of lore but not when the reading time outstrips the puzzles and ghost-avoiding. The lore entries are repetitive and overwrought but at least you don’t need to find them again when you die. The story needed to be told subtly through what you see than what you read. The room environments needed to be more detailed and designed to leave interesting visual clues as to what has happened. That does not include so many blood splatters that by the final scenes the appearance of blood is not as shocking as it should be! It’s the insidious nature of the game’s first couple of chapters that built up my apprehension the most.The story is nicely dark and intriguing, though predictable and you can see the final twist coming very early in the game. It borrows horror elements from H.P. Lovecraft, King and games like Penumbra which is fine as it is mostly done well. The Depression Era stuff felt tacked on and did not bear any direct relevance to the rest of the story.The gameplay is not particularly inventive. There are a couple of puzzles that utilise the light/dark mechanic really well but the rest are fairly dull and monotonous. I really enjoyed the chance to get to explore a haunted house though you will need to spam the action button in order to find everything as the rooms lack detail or clarity. The initial lack of a map was a plus as it added to the sense of disorientation and made me have to draw one up myself which was fine. The level design and pacing was good if not particularly creative.Killing ghosts with light is a neat idea but not implemented enough. You spend most of the time staggering around into walls, furniture, and doorways to escape them. This would be absolutely fine if only the camera stopped shifting its angle every few seconds! Unfortunately the ‘scary’ ghosts are just grey blurs that become increasingly annoying and frustrating when they teleport on to you or you run right into them. Even worse is the long distance between save points particularly when located at the beginning of a dream sequence.  So get acquainted with the game-over screen because I guarantee you’ll be seeing it. A LOT.Tip: if in an area of particularly bad camera angles walk rather than run when you can as it will give you more time to react.I personally loved the use of 12 matches (yes only 12!) to survive the house’s darkness and its link with madness as evidenced by the game-over death scene. The random mis-lighting of a match also really helped to get some of the game’s initial tension back.  The voice-acting was good and I appreciated the character’s musings on the objects you can interact with. The characters movement are realistic but jarred with his and Selena’s awful face models. A shadowed faceless man would have been more sinister.The game’s biggest problem is that by the first quarter of the game you lose the tension and foreboding atmosphere and instead become jaded by the ridiculous ghosts, exploration, controls, and overuse of blood splatters. The story is enough to keep you going but it is such a shame to lose the fear factor along the way!Ultimately the light/dark mechanic and story carries this game so if you are a patient story-driven gamer like me looking for something different, go for it! I certainly don’t regret playing it and I mostly enjoyed it while it lasted.Troubleshoot- If like me the game freezes on the loading screen when you try to play it use the below website and run on your NVidia graphics card NOT your integrated one.https://steamcommunity.com/app/301560/discussions/0/617329505860926700/Of note...SPOILERS!!!!The game provided the interesting concept of a serial killer losing his memory, being shocked at the murders perpetrated by ‘someone else’ and then realising that he is the culprit. This would have been something I’d love to have seen continued in the game’s story and raises questions about whether he will go back to his old ways or start anew without his awful past dragging him down? Nature vs nurture?"
76561198178969299,Recommended,301560,31367418,Posted: 25 April,all,klobb Doctor,has not been anything like this since RE1.  the game is gorgeous and genuinely scary
,Not Recommended,301560,17495567,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Shyhalu,"Couldn't get it to work, game doesn't launch and no help from the forums in over a month.That's a shame too, because it does look like a good game."
76561198012023582,Not Recommended,301560,21135794,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,lewrker,"I really wanted to like this game - but, even if I'm ever feeling nostalgic about terrible controls in a reflex/coordination-sensitive game. I think I'd still rather play Silent Hill, instead."
,Not Recommended,301560,22520873,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BlackViperOfDeath,"First of all, I like the black & white noir feeling of the game. However, the game is frustratingly annoying to control, as it's in  fixed third person perspective. If you don't know what that means, It's like the older Resident Evil games, where the camera is in fixed spots, and you move relative to the camera. Jumps in perspective can change where you're moving, and in a survival horror game, can mean instant death. The game would be greatly improved with a first person perspective, but as it is, it's not worth playing."
,Recommended,301560,21396278,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,J5-Aces,.
,Not Recommended,301560,18168465,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Geofferic,"So, if you like having to redo lengthy sections of the game because a match went out randomly, this is the game for you!  Love, love, *love* games with terrible save systems and random deaths.Garbage.The only ""horror"" in this trash is the occasional jump scare, too.Very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I spent money on this."
,Not Recommended,301560,16609696,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DracoMalus,"Moronic save system.  Having to constantly backtrack to save is incredibly stupid and short sighted on teh developers part.  Really needs a manual save.Matches burn through too quickly.  They started off fine but after finishing one part they suddenly cut to less than half what they were.  Probably a bug, but no response from devs about it at all after days.No guide to tell you what you were doing or where to go should you forget.  I left teh game alone because of match problem and came back and had no clue what I had and hadn't done.  A simple advancement reminder would really be nice.These devs made an interesting looking lousy to play game.  Having no fu iwth it at all."
76561198025120297,Not Recommended,301560,22711163,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,hlorange,"The game is beautiful. Very atmospheric and the concept is great. The control system, however, prevents this from being an excellent game. Tired of restarting because I cannot control the character properly, and get killed because of ut. Too bad, the game deserves better."
,Not Recommended,301560,23645649,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ogmachan,"Beautiful graphics, excruciating gameplay. I got frustrated after a bunch of bumping into furniture and lighting matches, and turned it off."
,Recommended,301560,14736863,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"White Night is a suspenseful adventure game. Everything that it does from the graphics, to the voiceovers builds on that suspenseful feeling. It's a good game.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAozMD-CtIw&feature=youtu.beWhat is it?White Night is a Noir-horror adventure game. The game plays similarly to a Telltale game, where the player wanders around a place looking at things and trying to solve various puzzles. The main difference between this and a Telltale game is that White Night uses only the keyboard to play (no point and click) and there are no quick-time events (as far as I've seen. Noir and horror are not two genres that expected to see put together. After this game it seems like a no brainer, but beforehand I wouldn't have thought that the level-headed nature of Noir would mix with the superstitions of a horror game. I'm glad I was wrong.The graphics are the first thing that will come to most peoples mind when they see this. The game is entirely black and white except for the few sources of light that you will find throughout the game. This adds significantly to the tension of the game. Most of the time, you will move around using match-light. When that goes out, there is definitely a feeling of dread. You know that there is something, somewhere that is after you. What if it's right behind you and you just don't know it yet? Beyond that, I never find myself wishing it was in color. I do sometimes dread the lack of color, because perhaps if there was a speck of color outside of my tiny match flame, then the world might not seem so sinister.The story of the game is conveyed mostly through memoire entries and newspaper clippings. This means that the game will be reading intensive. I don't mind that so much, but I know that there are some people who play games to get away from that sort of thing.Is the game scary? It is, but it won't try to scare you by throwing things in your face. This game has so far been brilliant at building suspense. Take one moment, for instance. I was plugging in a lamp, because I felt so inclined. As I plugged it in, there was a knock on the door next to me. I knew that there would be something behind it. Beyond that, I knew that I would have to open it. The dread I felt beforehand helped to heighten the fear that I felt as I fled from the wraith (I mean, I had to open the door, I needed to know for sure).With all this being said, this game (so far) has not proven to be terribly difficult. The puzzles have been fairly straight forward. That being said, I've only played a little over an hour of the game.Pros:-An amazing suspenseful atmosphere.-A go-at-your-own-pace feel. You are limited by the number of matches you can find in the house, but there are a lot of them.-Vivid and simple graphics that help to create the games suffocating atmosphere.-So far, the story has been interesting. I want to know what happened to the people who lived in this manner, and that's a good start for a game.-Simple, non-stressful mechanics. The stress of the game is more situational then mechanics based (like quick-time events).Cons:-The game can be frightening. That's not a con for everyone, but if you can't take scary games then you should think long and hard about this one.-If you play on a keyboard you will get the distinct feeling that the game was meant to be played with a controller. I'm pretty sure that that is the case. It doesn't detract much from the game, aside from putting the run button on the awkward U key.Overall, this game has an amazing atmosphere and an engaging narrative. I'll be playing a lot of this game in the future. I would definitely recommend it at the price of $15.(By the way, I don't mean to bash Telltale games at all with this review. I love their games. It's just that they are the closest genre to White Night, so it seems second nature to compare them.)"
76561197970593639,Not Recommended,301560,28310253,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,woozie,"Very very bad game. Playing on PC, controlling a character by keyboard is awfully bad.Hate this. I cannot run from the ghost :-/"
,Recommended,301560,14736400,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Darth Sarian,This game has a very unique atmosphere and the black and white graphics add an odd mechanic to the game. You cant see much beyond your fixed camera angle or you single match that you're holding in your hand but all the of the creaks and the rain outside remind you that there is more out there in the darkness. I didnt get to play much and I will update thie review as I play more but you can see for yourself how the game plays here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Lf-N1cttk&list=UU2RZdMB1z7-PXzA3FGyawNw
76561198020085437,Recommended,301560,14736405,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Nokzen,"The few matches i got is all that keep darkness from devouring me, i dont wanna know what will happen to me once darkness gets me!http://youtu.be/uxBPBMmJ6E0"
,Not Recommended,301560,14965571,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,skookiesprite,"This is a visually arresting throwback to the bad-old-days of game design; frustrating camera angles, unbearably plodding gameplay, and uninspired narrative (to read: ""total lack thereof"" - ironically, considering how much time the game spends spelling itself out for you) combine for a magnificently beautiful disappointment.www.bestlinuxgames.com"
,Recommended,301560,15084827,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ḞiŔḘɃŔḘƉ,"I've just played about 45 minutes of White Night and so far I am really enjoying the graphical feel and the story line. I feel a hint system could be introduced because I have hit a brick wall (not literally of course) on how to proceed on within the house. However, i am looking forward to getting stuck in and beating the game in due course.As this forum is already littering with other reviewers gameplay videos, I felt compelled to share with you my delightful and thought provoking video of White Night...just kidding about the delightful and thought provoking bit but enjoy the gameplay nevertheless :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Bn57IHJDgg"
,Recommended,301560,15119640,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Harry Orunitia,"The storyline isn't perfect, but genuinely creepy. Music, setting and general art direction are extremely beautiful."
,Recommended,301560,15043611,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,EₗₑcₜᵣₒᵢDFᵢRₑ,"After beating this game, I must say that this title was truly worth the $15 admission to experience which I'm glad to see since most titles that get recently released that are brand new and are at the same price point usually don't hold as much quality and gameplay that this title alone gave me. The artstyle is truly something that helps stick this game out from the crowd, and is truly pleasing to the eyes when playing through it since the artstyle was the first thing that made me pay the full price to play this game. Another thing I must say is that the gameplay reminded me of Alone in the Dark and Silent Hill from how the atmosphere was and how the monsters responded though when going through the story, it felt truly like something Silent Hill would be involved with during the first 3. Overall, I would say this game is something that I feel fits the Psychological Horror genre quite well and is something I would have actually seen become a Silent Hill game from how the story went. Rating : 90/100"
76561198043019708,Recommended,301560,15776527,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zer0,"Short, but great mystery with puzzles and fear of the darkness around you."
76561197996303408,Recommended,301560,15722608,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wokfox,I thought the grey-ish discolouration in the pitch black shadows was a glitch or a problem with my monitor. Turns out it was a ghost trying to get intimate with me....
,Recommended,301560,14867652,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fossilfern,"A great Indie horror game that has echoes of the original Alone in the Dark games. Unfortunately the game came out a day after Five Night at Freddies 3, a game that is nothing more than YouTube material.Its an interesting puzzle-horror game that isnt pretentious, unlike most modern indie games."
76561198072868955,Recommended,301560,14829061,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,temporymail,Great adventure with a great story
,Recommended,301560,14847168,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,splintercell,I loved it. It kept to a beautiful styling of a horror noir. The story was a surprise. 8.5 out of 10
76561197981907219,Recommended,301560,21228077,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mr_Vinegar,Its alright. 3 out of 5
76561198045080783,Recommended,301560,21238070,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,L0stLP,"You walk around a house and get headaches if you spend to much time in the dark.You use matches and electric lights to move around the house.There are ghosts, that want to make your life difficult, they feel cheap, but there is always a way around them.The puzzles are fun and simple, if you find all the pieces.The Story is interesting and the extra notes in the game help round it out.Certain mechanics may frustrate you."
,Recommended,301560,20883326,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SpaceLion,"There is a lot to unpack about this game, and most of it is spoilers, so I apologize if this review comes off somewhat vague. Few tagged spoilers notwithstanding.I really really enjoyed playing this. The design idea was AWESOME, and I enjoyed every minute of it. When I started, I was worried that kind of extreme minimalist contrast would lead to problems, and it never did. The way the camera shifts angles was also a great idea. The atmosphere worked, the design for the ghosts was awesome, and the placement of the matches/lights kept me on edge without ever feeling unfair. Overall, as a visual and gamePLAYING experience, it was top notch.However... for me, and especially in a game like this, I am really looking for a story that knocks it out of the park, and while there were a lot of interesting plot choices that kept me intrigued throughout, it just kind of fizzled at the end. It wasn't a bad ending, but it wasn't good either. Almost a lacklustre finish to a great game. So, if you're an extremely story-oriented person, you might not enjoy this one as much as you would have.Maybe another ending option, maybe harder to get, whereyou carry Selena to the road and are caught, revealing that she'd been ""guiding"" and ""protecting"" you so she could be saved/at least have justicewould have felt more satisfying, what with the themes I took from the game's plot.To me, the concept of accountability. But the ending as it is,her doing those things because... love? felt sort of flat. His ideal woman was clearly what he thought she was: hyper delicate, ceacelessly supportive, and passive to a fault. But we know that wasn't Selena. Selena was wronged before, terribly so, and had the man killed. So why here, with this guy, would she relent and (to be fair only in his words) forgive? It feels very player-centric. And perhaps, if played as more of a gutpunch, more clear that that wasn't the case and he was projecting, it would have hurt more but felt like more of a conclusion.So yes, if you like creative and neat aesthetics in your game and solid gameplay, I'd get this. It was a lot of fun and VERY spooky. But if a big portion of your grading system is story, you might want to skip it. Not definitely, it is a very interesting game throughout, but if you're the type who rants about a movie ending for years to come for not delivering (as I often am), consider picking something else."
76561197976028334,Recommended,301560,14773958,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Get Burned!,"White Night is good. It plays like a cross between Resident Evil and Outlast set in the 1930's. This is another game that begs to be played at night in the dark with headphones. There's lots of puzzles to solve inside a big spooky haunted mansion and the only defence against the ghosts is light. Most of the rooms in the mansion are really dark and you need to find light switches, breakers, and power outlets to successfully brighten up the mansion and vanquish the ghostly apparations of some broad that died in the house. The story of the game isn't all that great. It's more mystical, depressing nonsense that's been done a hundred times before. The art style of the game is fantastic and mostly really unique. The game is essentially all in black and white with some very minor uses of color every now and then. The game does a good job of setting the spooky atmosphere. Like RE, it uses pre-rendered back grounds, which I liked as not many games go with that style. However, also like RE it's easy to get twisted around when the camera suddenly changes and I died a bunch of times because of it. To navigate the dark areas you get matches. They burn out quickly and you get a limited supply. This mechanic really reminded me of Outlast and the camera batteries. There was only one time when I got down to my final match, but the mechanic does ratchet up the tension as it seems like I was always running low on matches. It was always a nice relief each time I managed to turn on a light. The game is paced mostly well, but about 2/3 of the way through the game it was starting to drag on and sections just seemed like tedious trial and error. Sometimes it seemed like the luck of the draw if I was going to die or not. Ghosts would be blocking the way I needed to go or not for different attempts I made.  The ending sections picked the pace back up again, though. It took me around 7 hours to finish the game. I recommend it."
76561198217666808,Recommended,301560,23038007,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,wariodude128,"I just finished this game, and man was it ever good. If you took the game Killer 7, removed every colour from it except  yellow and allowed for full 3D movement, you would get something like this game. The use of light and darkness was great. The story was really good too. This game made me feel emotions. Happiness, frustration, relief, confusion, sadness and awe. I do have some problems with it though. The shadows/ghosts were sometimes really hard to get around, especially at one point when there's a room full of them, and I wish you were able to carry 20 matches instead of 12. Also, some of the puzzles were slightly confusing. Making me look up a guide to figure out what to do. Some matches going out right as I lit them, forcing me to light another one, was a♥♥♥♥♥♥move too. Those are just nitpicks though, and I think you should check it out. 8/10, will play again to get all the journal entries and paper scraps scattered throughout the game."
