user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,301640,17653994,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Game Pros• Clean menu• Various weapons/explosives• Well designed Enviornemnt• Good selection of characters to play as (Even the Left4Dead characters)• Gets your heart pumping and puts you on the edge• X-ray kill cams (For epic shots)• Single player & Multiplayer campaign• Horde mode (Last as long as you can against waves of the dead)• Different Zombie types• Zombies have a damage system (You can shoot off individual limbs)Game Cons• The objective can get pretty repetitive. Other than the playing field. The types of enemies is mainly what changes.• Feels like a simplified Sniper Elite gameControversial Features• It can getextremely difficultRelateable Games• Sniper Elite• Left 4 DeadConclusionZombie Army Trilogy is a really fun survival game. And I would advise to play it with friends to get even more fun out of it. This game has many similarties to Sniper Elite, but has its own twists on it that makes it unique. If you got the extra money, or it happens to be on sale, I would highly suggest picking this up. But make sure to check out gameplay first, the decide.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
,Recommended,301640,32265347,Posted: 8 June,all,war is heck,At least you don't have to run around while a crawling zombie attempts to chase you so you can find the easter eggs and reveal more of the story
,Recommended,301640,32262479,Posted: 8 June,all,Redrusty66,"The storyline is interesting and gripping - Hitler & his Nazi German solders in a last ditch attempt not to lose the war, authorise use of a chemical that ""reanimates the dead"", which becomes Hitlers army. Somewhere along the line Hilter becomes zombie Hilter and once his horde is dead - you need to kill zombie Hitler to complete the game.This game is awesome.The graphics are amazing, and so are the physics. The gameplay is great and enjoyable and I love the xray kill cam.• Clean menu• Various weapons/explosives• Well designed Enviornemnt• Good selection of characters to play as (Even the Left4Dead characters)• Gets your heart pumping and puts you on the edge• X-ray kill cams (For epic shots)• Single player & Multiplayer campaign• Horde mode (Last as long as you can against waves of the dead)• Different Zombie types• Zombies have a damage system (You can shoot off individual limbs)"
76561198082915043,Recommended,301640,15452406,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,gameintruder💋,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a blast.  I already own games 1 & 2, but i decided to get this game because of the 60% discount.  At first I thought, ""wow, i'm buying 1 and 2 again?""  I just want the 3rd installment..  But I'm so happy that I made the purchase.  Game 1 and 2 have truly been remastered.  You can definitely see the difference.  And of course, Rebellion added a few new goodies for my enjoyment.  I don't mind playing one of the male parts in the game, but i was really happy to see that they added 4 more characters which are indeed females.  Anya is my favorite.  The 3rd game is awesome!  With many new challenges and twists.My favorite thing to do in this game is snipe, and this game has it all.  The slow motion x-ray kill cam that fans like myself know and love.  Headshot after headshot, this game never gets boring.  There's action from the moment you begin the game till the very end when you defeat Hitler.  (I loved that part)The downsides:  I wish I didn't have to use Skype in order to play and communicate with my friends.  This push to talk crap has got to go..  Also, I hate the fact that there are no x-ray cams when you're playing coop.  You can only see it while playing single player.  Coop is great so long as you can find friends to play with you.  It's very challenging for just a single player.All in all I give this game an A+.  Give it a try...  I'm sure that you will love the series too."
,Recommended,301640,14800484,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,AestheticGamer,"Criminally underlooked at the time of writing. Surprisingly atmospheric, backed with excellent and somewhat unnerving sound design, and a great John Carpenter-inspired soundtrack. Fog effects are well-handled, and the lighting can be impressive. All backed with an excellent 80s-grindhouse horror aesthetic that brings out colors and shadows almost like a Giallo horror film.The game is enjoyably schlocky, with gore and dismemberment up the wazoo, and intensely satisfying gunplay, with snipers stealing the show with the well-done mechanics of the Sniper Elite games, but just as much satisfaction coming from the other firearms, and a variety of explosives and traps you can lay. But even with this, the game is challenging, with a large variety of enemies (ranging from your typical nazi zombie, Ray Harryhausen-esque skeletons, the ghost of nazi generals, fire-spewing demon incarnates, crazed-slasher chainsaw maniacs, and much more) that can be a challenge to take out and can manage to either overrun you or sneak up on you from behind. Zombies resurrect with satanic circles bringing them back to life until their brains are blown out or you dismember them beyond repair. The locations are vast and varied, both in layout and theme, ranging from the streets of Berlin, underground war bunkers, demonic infested forests, high-speed trains, haunting church chapel catacombs, and much more.It's co-op is a lot of fun, allowing strategy and different play-styles to mesh well, to find the perfect sniping spot to pick off zombies and compete against friends for the highest scoring or longest shot, to go lone-wolf and carry the most kills for your team, or to come together when plans go awry and struggle to survive by the skin of your teeth. But even with the co-op focus, the game is also an excellent experience single-player, the game allowing you to scale how many enemies there are (enemies for one player to four players, or if you're insane, 'Elite' number, with spawn numbers those who thirst for stupidly large hordes and a need for a challenge), among three different difficulty levels.A lengthy meaty campaign with 15 stages (each being around an hour long), side-missions to do in the third episode, an addicting Horde Mode, all at a reasonable price tag. If you love co-op games or zombies, it'll be quite the undertaking to find something better than this. Dumb fun, but intelligent and challenging in surprising ways, it wears its inspirations on its sleeves, but through slick execution and presentation, matched with pulling it off in a way no one has quite done it before, manages to be one hell of a game."
76561198107069072,Recommended,301640,28778472,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dobppo9,Looking fuhrer good time? You've come to the reich place!
,Recommended,301640,14766308,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hobbes,"""The hit sniper zombie trilogy you did Nazi coming.""Ladies and gentlemen, it's back, it's shinier, it's smoother, it's more graphically up to date, it's running on the V3 engine, it has EVERY EPISODE GATHERED TOGETHER for your playing pleasure, it's got Zombie Hitler, it's got so much B-Movie genius contained within it that it's going to need a book of horrible references and puns to go with it. It's the game that is the equivalent of a chilli-chutney-fried egg-bacon sandwich. It's ...SNIPER NAZI ZOMBIE ARMY TRILOGY. THE HD EDITION.Zombie Hitler. It has Zombie Hitler. Shut up and take my money.Where do I even begin. Do you even need me to critique this other than to say that the game makes absolutely no sense, but at the same time it's possibly the best fun you could possibly have with your pants on? The gaming media stare at this game and have no idea what to do with it. It's hilarious, they have to try and give it scores. You can't score a game that revolves entirely around putting bullets into Zombies from a great distance and grinning in glee as an X-ray shows your work up close. You can't pass moral judgment on a game that clearly has made a point of going so far into B-move territory that it might as well have terrible slogans littering its' art. It's just awaste of time.They try to review it and fail to understand that this game isn't something you can actually review, it's not playing to the same mentality that goes and works out if Call of Duty is an 8 out of 10 or if Halo is deserving of X rating or whatever. This game is about one thing - shooting zombie nazis. It does that really, really well. It has a co-op mode which allows you to do this one thing with friends even better. Now granted, this is very much a one note game. It's very clear on what it wants you to do, and if you are not interested in doing that, well, you've come to the wrong place.Gender equality in the sniping of Nazi Zombie Armies...The creators have included eight characters this time around, four male, four female, all with surprisingly decent backstories that make for interesting (if brief) reading, and mean that along with the all american apple pie munching Karl Fairburne.. Fairbanks... whatever the hell his name is.You've also got some actually interesting choices in the mix, including a British Lady who is an ex painter turned sniper, a german woman bent on revenge, a Wermacht captain, an occultist who finds out that the zombie apocalypse is something youreally should believe in, two hardasses from the russian army, and so on and so on. You'll easily find two or even three choices who you could quite easily settle on for your choice of zombie butchering avatar (I've gone for the German captain, because awesome uniform and trenchcoat).It does one thing, but it does it really, really well...Like in previous iterations, the game runs on a single beat, you start at Point A in a level, you head to point B, you kill everything that is not you. Everything that is not you is generally Nazi Zombies. You do this with a variety of weapons, the sniper elite engine doing away with all the silly concepts like stealth and trying to be sensible and instead focussing on squishy killcam shots as you wreck a zombie and cause brain matter to eject out of the back of its' head. Or awesome sniper trickshots as you put a bullet through the head of one zombie and INTO THE HEAD OF ANOTHER IN SLOW MOTION.Since you've got the full toybox and unlike in the normal Sniper series you're not worried about how much noise you make you've the ability to fling grenades, set mines and traps and generally turn the ground into a complete killing field, useful stuff and entirely hilarious when several soldiers get turned into juicy kibble.The evil undead never looked this good...Using the V3 engine means that the game gets all the welcome benefits of current gen graphics and there's a slew of options (although maybe not QUITE as extensively tuneable as the V2 engine) to ensure that the game runs on a wide variety of systems and specifications. It looks and runs silky smooth on a fairly standard gaming rig setup that mine represents, and the shooting feeling from V3 carries into ZAT perfectly cleanly.The simplest of questions...Ultimately there's one question that the whole premise of the game rests on : Do you enjoy murdering nazi zombies en masse? If yes. Get this game. If no, you can safely skip it. For me, the loyalty discount made it easily cheap enough to warrant the upgrade and it's easily proving worth every second.Verdict :Do you enjoy sniping nazi zombie armies? If so, this is an automatic purchase. If you like shooters, wishlist it. If neither, well, you're at the wrong review."
76561198075783237,Recommended,301640,32692966,Posted: 23 June,all,Sn1pp3t`,"It's like Sniper Elite 2.5 : Sniper Elite 2 Maps & Hud with Sniper Elite 3 Mechanism.I still think that this is the best sniper elite I ever played.10/10EDIT : As the daily deal just up, I'll added some pros and cons to this review.Pros- You don't have to stealth ""at all"". This is much, much more relaxed than others in series.- All weapons avaliable since the beginning. No requirement to unlock anything.- A very good game for Co-Ops. But could go solo even in Sniper Elite difficult.- Satistfied Garand ""ping"" sound. Kreygasm- Better optimized than others in series. I could get 60fps solid w/o any hiccup while swing 30-60 fps in SE3.Cons- Imbalanced amount of zombies in some chapters. I mean, it's fun but 150-200 zombies chasing you in a very limited area and you can't loot any zombie are too much.- Last boss is so meh. You could end it faster than you think.TL;DR : A great spin-off from Sniper Elites' series. Filled with large horde of zombie, some OP zombies and even furher himself for you to snipe, throw hand grenade at. You ready?"
,Recommended,301640,22544885,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tsuquon,"(This is a legit review)This game is awesome.The graphics are amazing, and so are the physics. The gameplay is great and enjoyable and I love the xray kill cam. Great job that they can extend this amazing sequel.I own a low build gaming pc, and I get 220 fps on ultra.I mean, for the graphics, this is a great fps number.For the game genre(zombies), it would usually be quite generic, but I guess they took it one step further and made it a sniper game, so instead of popping human heads, pop zombie heads! There wasn't much difference between this game and 1 & 2, but I don't own those so it was a positive for me. I also love the melee system, constantly kicking enemies.[Cons]- Multiplayer system; like legit, there is no one on the matchmaking, and there is no server list, and this is a VERY BIG CON!!- Shotgun has minimal ammo[Conclusion]Game is fun, everyone should get it [so I'm not a loner :'( ] and it is great zombie shooter."
,Recommended,301640,33706688,Posted: 21 July,all,[DGR]Nero_Hunter,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third person shooter containing 3 campaigns that can be played in coop with up to 4 players. Your goal is to defeat zombie nazi germany that is overrun by zombies.+ visually great looking+ gore and dark setting+ many weapons to choose from (American, British, German, Japanese, Russian)+ makes fun+ aiming is nice and easy+ many characters to choose from+ coop for up to 4 players- I wished to see French and Italian weapons, but they never came- screen is covered with points you have earned. Sadly, I can't turn them off since they break immersion a bit.- game is a bit more linear than it needed be- map design could be less flat to make it more interesting.- If you have played other Sniper Elite games, you will recognize a lot of the maps, but I didn't mind that.- story is barely existent if you care about that- while playing with friends, you can't look up your pingBugs and further informations- Game starts with mouse smoothing enabled. Make sure to disable it before you start playing.Replay value: average-high (good coop game, fun, but very linear)Rating: 8.5/10Recommendation: YesWorth: 10 bucks"
,Recommended,301640,32322506,Posted: 10 June,all,MℜSqƱifler®™,"Zombie Army TrilogyThis review is subjective and entirely my own opinion, feel free to agree or disagree with it.Zombie Army Trilogy is a collection of the first two Nazi Zombie Army games made by Rebellion as well as a sequel. These games all come with a full campaign as well as a horde mode. The game is playable solo and up to 4-player co-op.ProsAs with all Sniper Elite games the shooting mechanics are fantastic. Possibly the best in a shooting game.The guns all sound unique and brilliant.The game is very fun and has a competent, simple story.The game runs extremely well on my system, which is old by today's standards.The game gives you a lot of options, you can customise your own difficulty and how many enemies you want the game to have e.g. 1-4 player.Huge variety of enemies.If set on a higher difficulty the game can be extremely challenging.ConsA lot of reused assets from previous games in the series.It can often be difficult to find players available for co-op campaign or horde mode.SummaryIf you're a fan of the two previous NZA games or you love the Sniper Elite series or you are just looking for a fun game that can be played casually with or without friends then this is for you. This game is excellent value for money and features a lot of replayability."
76561198015691832,Recommended,301640,26638295,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Guan Yu,"If you dont like shooting zombies then stop reading now... If your like me and you cant get your fill of shooting the undead filth in as many different ways as possible then you need this game in your life. Remastered from the originals this game is great, playing the campaigns in multiplayer with friends on mics increase the enjoyment ten fold. The Gameplay is smooth, campaigns are enjoyable and the slow motion sequences are incredible. High powered sniper rifles, squishy zombie heads and a few bosses thrown in the mix equal hours of fun."
,Recommended,301640,23449539,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Naotoshi,"There are 15 episodes in the story mode and 5 stages in the hoard mode. You can play them all with other players using internet. Shooting system is very good, graphic is also good. I want to say the contents of this game is totally great but the original price of it is too expensive for me. I'd recommend you'll get it on sale, otherwise you'll think it isn't enough for you. Enjoy your gaming life."
,Recommended,301640,20651569,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,|OG| Combo,"Zombie Army TrilogyA bloody good time!What is the last thing the world of gaming needs, another Zombie game? The genre is completely over saturated right? Well I thought so myself till I gave this title a play. Zombie Army Trilogy (ZAT) puts a really fresh spin on it. The game is set in World War II Germany, where as a last ditch effort Hitler unleashes plan Z to stop the Allies. OK your not here for the plot, and this one is hilarious at best. So lets talk about the game play! The game play is 3rd person perspective. Your equipped with your choice of sniper rifle, small machine gun, pistol, several traps, or explosives. Since ZAT is part of the Sniper Elite universe, there is an emphasis using your rifle. The enemies come at you from multiple directions, most walking at a traditional zombie pace. While the threat sounds minimal, they are traveling in massive groups. So at first site, you break out your sniper rifle and start making as many headshots as possible. If you pull off a really long range shot, you may trigger a cutscene where you watch the bullet fly and slowly dismember your enemy (similar to a Mortal Kombat 9 X-ray attack). This never gets old. Watching a two second replay of your perfect shot is just awesome! To aid in dispatching the Zombie horde, you'll find your other tools useful as well. The machine gun can bail you out of a tight situation when your overrun, the trip wires and landmines can provide an alarm if the building your sniping from is attracting visitors. This game was meant for co-op, four players working together can really make the difference. That being said single player requires dying, a lot. You don't have a buddy to revive you, and no one is watching your back. This provides a nice challenge for strategist players, as you must make every trap count. Wasting one will most likely result in certain death. The music is excellent! It's in the key of John Carpenter, played on an 80's synth, and inspired by B-side horror classics. I was able to run this on a 2013 laptop on low settings. If you enjoy Zombie killing co-op, or a single player Zombie slaying challenge this your game.Disclaimer: Gore, slow-mo exploding heads, regular exploding heads, and an occasional skeleton.OLDER GAMER APPROVEDPOTATO PC CERTIFIEDVisit our Currator Page"
,Recommended,301640,14771123,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,~=^[(O){d_b}(O)]^=~,"If you want the absolute best versions of those older games in the series as well as the all-new Part 3 this is a must-buy. The Zombie Army Trilogy runs on Sniper 3 game engine tech - it is smoother, sleeker, faster and good-looking. Tremendous value (3 games in 1 package). There is no deception on the part of the developer/publisher: this is a zombie shoot-'em-up and you're either into that or you're not. It's fast-paced and often quite overwhelming (especially on the insanely hard difficulties). As a fan of Sniper Elite 3, I love the Zombie Army series as a great, fun alternative to that game's slower, tactical approach."
,Recommended,301640,19907351,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Headless Darrtaa,"Oh no! Germany is losing the war!Thankfully, whacky ol' Adolf and the gang have a plan that just might make this the best Halloween ever.Hilarity ensues!"
,Recommended,301640,15514554,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MeleeKirby,"Basically, this is Sniper Elite: Zombies Edition.If you're familiar with how Sniper Elite V2 and 3 work, then most rules apply here too. The mechanics and weapons management are all handled the same way. What's drastically different however is the general approach. Fighting against hordes of zombies, stealth is kind of not an option here. Instead you'll be brute-forcing your way through the undead with whatever weapons, ammunition and resources you can get your hands on, be it from searching corpses or refills at the occasional safe house along the way.As the title suggests, the game is actually three chapters, the third of which is exclusive to this package. The first two were previously released on Steam separately, but are supposedly enhanced using the latest game engine. Though I couldn't tell you how big of a difference that is as I've not played the originals.The game is generally fun and a good challenge, but enemy variation feels a little lacking at times. It does get annoying encountering the same machine gun totting Nazi Hulk that slowly advances on you for the 20th time. Fortunately new enemy types are gradually sprinkled in as you reach the second and third chapters to this package. It could have done with just a bit more variety to spice it up further is all.I bought this game in the first week due to an applied loyalty discount as I already owned the two previous games. Sadly the offer has since expired, so I would wait for a sale discount before picking this up. The asking price is a bit high, especially if you already own the two previous releases.Who honestly doesn't love the idea of being a one-man army ploughing down a mass of Nazi undead with nothing more than a Sniper Rifle, Shotgun, sidearm and a couple of explosive gadgets?"
,Recommended,301640,33317589,Posted: 6 July,all,M0RG4N,A true masterpiece. I love everything about the game. FOV option would be nice but it's fine by default. Solo and coop play is very well balanced. Options are available to increase the difficulty. New features were added to the Trilogy which make this version better optimized and challenging to play. I bought the game @ %80 sale price and it was worth the wait. 10/10 because I love the Sniper Elite series.
,Recommended,301640,34039315,Posted: 5 August,all,[RR] Von Zardoz,"Co-op gold, so much fun. Nazi-occultism-b-movie-level-exploitation done right."
,Recommended,301640,18754385,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,cookiedestroyer,"It's a great game! :DPros:(+) Zombies <3(+) Good physics(+) Different weapons and explosives(+) Different characters (Left4Dead), they won't change the gameplay though(+) Many locations, espacially the maps in the 3rd part are very good(+) Gold and bloodbottles to collect in each map and some survivormissions later(+) 2 modes: story and horde(+) You can play with others/friends and try to beat each others combo/score(+) Funny setting :D i mean...nazi-zombies and zombie hitler xDCons:(-) Story and cutscenes are minimalistic, but hey, you play it to shoot zombies, play Walking Dead for some deep zombie stories(-) no skill or level system, can be a good point thoughSo;Play this game for zombie-action! It's fun!"
,Recommended,301640,22825584,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Omar,Not bad game. but I highly suggest you play it with friends it gets boring when playing alone.
,Recommended,301640,22722287,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third-person shooter and yet another game in a Zombie Army spin-off of Sniper Elite series. But this time it also remasters the first two campaigns, gets an endless horde mode and brings it all to consoles. Made by Rebellion in 2015.It also was ported to Xbox One and PS4. Nothing you miss.Technically, it shouldn't explode. But it has some glitches. Mostly, what I remember is that last siege on 4th level never ended when I played coop with 4 people. Maybe some other multiplayer glitches. And it can still stop recognising mouse after some alt-tab'ing.Multiplayer community is alive, from what it seems. It might take up to five minutes of sitting with opened lobby but it's going to fill out with all 4 people eventually. So yep, got to try out both campaign and horde mode. The only problem is that netcode doesn't amuse a lot of people. It sure can look as if it takes a full second for action to take place with some hosts.Anyway, you still shoot zombies. Many, many zombies. There is still no stealth like in Sniper Elite, levels are linear. No randomization. Still setting up explosive traps. And the setting is same classic horror theme, with slow zombies against whom headshots are most effective, lots of blood and guts in dark environments and 80s synth horror music. Music, heck yea! Best part.And it's still annoying to having to check dead bodies of zombies. There are just too many and process is still too long.It also is now running on new engine and was ported to consoles. They also added ability to dismember zombies. And while it's cool and blood flows out like ketchup, you can see that they had to optimize it more and actually cut some of graphical stuff. Mostly that zombies have same uniform now. Probably because otherwise it would push memory limits with all the gibbing. But on good side, Trilogy actually runs better than older Zombie Armies. So I am happy enough.One of the thing that this Trilogy does is to make it feel like it's own game and not just mod for Sniper Elite. Useless leftover features from SE like cover system and binoculaurs got removed for example. HUD now always shows what inventory items you still have and is just more comfortable. Two similar grenades types were fused into just one, with you being able to hold up to four of it. You can even select shotgun and revolver from a start.It also finally balanced things around by realizing that it's more about close range where player moves around a lot. As a result, you recover breath quickly this time around, allowing you to use scoping abilities, like holding breath or even having time slow down in single player, much more often than almost-never. Some also even say that they have to compensate more for bullet drop now, which makes sense as battles now take at much closer range and you gotta keep that challenge of compensating.They rebalanced things around. Turrets are now weaker, so some zombies can still pass through and you gotta watch out. Weapons that aren't rifles were made weaker. And most importantly, kick attack was made to be strong. It can knock enemies anytime and it now can finish the ones that lay on ground. It's quite powerful on single zombies. But skeletons now dying from one kick is a bit of a drastic changes. So big that they are now a challenge break than the challenge itself.And yes, these balance changes impact the original two campaign. Not to mentioning that such things as amount of spawning enemies and some other changes were made to them. Most noticeably a single turret was placed into one level of the first campaign, the lighting style of the whole second campaign was changed to be less painfully orange and there are now less of difficulty spikes, somehow. And yea, kick is more powerful so all the skeletons are easy breaks from action. Some people may agrue that it was casualized, but you know what, I actually felt that it was less tedius to beat these levels in Trilogy than in original. And monotomy is the biggest problem of these games, so I welcome these changes.And then there is a new, the third chapter made out of five levels. A special note should be taken about the first level. It's awesome and gives off a completely different feel from other levels, with a bit of feeling like you are part of NPC town and some basic exploration, setting false expectations for the remaining chapter. After that it goes back to normal traditional Nazi Zombie structured levels. Ah well.And yep, it's better than previous chapters and even more varied. I actually recommend new players to start with this one. It also introduced a new theme: zombies and skeletons in armor. And chainsaw dudes. And this is where the balance changes show that they were designed for this chapter. Turrets are placed in such way that they would have been overpowered if not made weaker. And kick is countered by skeletons wearing armor and by huge Panzer Zombies who you can't even knock down!Also, you get to kill zombie Hitler.And sure thing the multiplayer plays a big part of this game. Don't even try to solo. Not because it's hard, it's actually quite possible, but because it's just plain tedius. It doesn't have any coop bots to fill the team up either. This game was designed for up to four players cooperative play. There isn't much of team-helping tactics aside from reviving each other, but all the combined firepower helps. It's more fun than solo, trust me.And it also includes Horde mode, where you are locked in a small map with infinite zombies coming. Well, not infinite spawn, it's divided into waves. But there is no proper final wave. Maybe. I didn't research it much. It's completely boring in solo play but becomes fun with four player team as you run around and try to cover everything, only to get surrounded by three elite zombies. Maps are different, there is even one that is nothing but a dead end corridor. The enemies that it uses there also seems to have balance of Trilogy in mind - there are absolutely no skeletons but really really many zombies in armor.It's pretty nice and fun. But if you already found previous parts too repetetive, then don't bother with this one, it doesn't fix much. As for others who want, please, play the third episode immeditly in 4-player coop. Or else you will end up getting bored due to monotomy before you reach the better part of a game."
,Not Recommended,301640,22818241,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SnappyFerguson,"This is a fun game that gets boring very quickly, the only way I could recommend this is if you have friends who are willing to play with you. The first hour or so is fun, and the satisfaction of headshotting zombies with your rifle is there, it's just not there for very long. In an hour of gameplay you start to realize all the game has to offer."
76561198100363611,Recommended,301640,14791787,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tazika,"Well this game made a realy big progress. the first one was good second one was good too but it was just like first one and it got a litle boring now this one is just amazing the thing they added arechainsaw dudesburning zombiesfire demon zombiesyou can amputete zombiesnormal zombies with gunsnormal zombies with armorcrawlerssurvivorsdecoysspookynes4 new gurlzhorde modezombie hitlergameplay is way more better then others because it has better player models, better zombie animatoins, better mapsgraphics are amazing to and can run even on my toaster. so buy it what are you waiting for!THE ONLY PROBLEM IS COMUNITY BECAUSE ALMOST NONE PLAYS THIS GAME BUT IF YOU HAVE A FRIENDS JUST BUY AND PLAY WITH THEM"
76561198209583116,Recommended,301640,31975838,Posted: 26 May,all,Bobo,"I mean, u get to kill zombie Hitler..."
,Recommended,301640,14768054,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,fucknohtml,Definitely an improvement over the first two games with all the new little things added or changed.-You can finally stomp on an enemy after kicking them.-Better gore and dismemberment (which can make the experience more difficult because sometimes shooting their head clean off wont instantly stop them or shooting at their legs will instead make them crawl towards you).-Objects in the environment can react to you walking over it.-Many objects that use to be static can now be moved.-Skeleton animations have changed completely.-Updated graphics....
,Recommended,301640,14760313,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,davietwiettravustiet,"The graphics are beautifull , the campaign , zombies , and weapons are all awesome there is just no better game than this game Zombie Army Trilogy , i tottaly recommend this! and im really happy with the new horde mode! thanks for making this game!!"
,Recommended,301640,15802667,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,CrimZone,"Probably one of the best zombie games that i have played.Zombie Army Trilogy is a remaster of Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army 1 and Nazi Zombie Army 2 plus a new third campaign that continues with the Hitler's plan Z on a 1945 atmosphere.With next gen graphics, new enemies, new weapons, new game mode (Horde), it's better to play it with your friends.Definitely awesome !10 / 10"
,Recommended,301640,33042439,Posted: 30 June,all,Desaix,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third person shooter containing 3 campaigns that can be played in coop with up to 4 players. Your goal is to defeat zombie nazi germany that is overrun by zombies.+ visually great looking+ gore and dark setting+ many weapons to choose from (American, British, German, Japanese, Russian)+ makes fun+ aiming is nice and easy+ many characters to choose from+ coop for up to 4 players- I wished to see French and Italian weapons, but they never came- screen is covered with points you have earned. Sadly, I can't turn them off since they break immersion a bit.- game is a bit more linear than it needed be- map design could be less flat to make it more interesting.- If you have played other Sniper Elite games, you will recognize a lot of the maps, but I didn't mind that.- story is barely existent if you care about that- - everytime you use your scope you hear your heartbeat, which is loud and annoying. you can't turn it off either.- while playing with friends, you can't look up your pingBugs and further informations- Game starts with mouse smoothing enabled. Make sure to disable it before you start playing.Replay value: average-high (good coop game, fun, but very linear)Rating: 8.5/10Recommendation: YesWorth: 10 bucks"
,Recommended,301640,25959022,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zeramy,-Sick bullet cam.-Dancing chainsaw zombies.-Suicide zombies.-Panzerfaust weapon.-Preacher shotgun.All to say this game is too good. What else do you need? This game even has all Left 4 Dead characters! Heck yeah!The only flaw in this game I found which-I can't jump.-Third-person crosshair is not accurate when shooting at very close range.
,Recommended,301640,34093184,Posted: 7 August,all,Kalli,"Zombie Army Trilogy (ZAT) is a 3rd person over-the-shoulder Zombie Shooter game using the Sniper Elite engine. With features like the bullet-cam that was introduced in the main Sniper Elite series as well as up to 4 player co-op the game will have you troucing through Nazi Germany shooting zombies to save the world.+ Really fun and satisfying gameplay.+ Lots of different types of primary and secondary weapon choices.+ The dark and brooding aesthetic is visually pleasing.+ The game sounds great.+ Up to 4 person co-op (game can be tailored for solo players too).+ Bullet physics such as wind and gravity affects the trajectory of your shot on the higher difficulties.- While the aesthetic is nice to look at, it doesn't vary at all throughout the 3 chapters.- The music and soundtrack leaves little to be desired. Play your own music.- While the bullet-cams are really cool, it does get a bit annoying.- Most of the secondaries feel useless except one or two.- The score system ruins the immersion of the game.I had never touched a Sniper Elite game before playing this; having played this for 24 hours at the time of writing I will probably pick one up when it goes on sale. I had a really fun time blasting through Nazi Germany solo and convinced some friends and family to pick it up after they tried it on my PC. It runs really well on my PC with almost 0 frame drops throughout the whole experience, even with 4 person co-op on maximum zombie spawns on max difficulty.That being said the game does has its flaws. It gets really repetitive in its zombies. Start off a level, kill a few zombies straggling about, survive a zombie siege, move on, rinse, repeat. If you care about narrative stories then you'll be disappointed as the game doesn't really offer any. The story is told through your exploration of the environment and the very limited cutscenes before and after a level. Zombies also do not do well with stairs or elevated platforms since they tend to get bobble up and down rather than go up them smoothly making headshots a pain. Because of this a lot of levels are really flat with almost no elevation to deal with this issue.To sum up, Zombie Army Trilogy was a lot of fun for me to play. I have cleared this game solo on Marksman difficulty with spawns set for 4 players and had a blast trying to deal with that challenge. I'm looking forward for my friends and I to clear the game on Sniper Elite difficulty when they get their hands on the title. It does have it flaws that a lot of zombie games do have, such as repetitiveness and map tropes but it doesn't deter away the fun that the player enjoys. If you like shooting zombies, you'll like this game.7.5/10"
,Recommended,301640,14847256,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,MonsterTM,"Very very very very very fun. I enjoyed going back to the other two previous games, it gave me a good refresher. Killing hitler is yet again satisfying. However the downside with all of  this franchise is that there is barely any people who play online.8/10eNjoy ^-^"
,Recommended,301640,14968373,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nikenemesis✨,"The year is 1945. Amidst the dying flames of World War II, Hitler realises he has lost the war, however in a morbid twist he unleashes one unholy equaliser – a legion of undead supernatural soldiers that threaten to overwhelm the whole of Europe.  You and and your fellow survivors must cast aside your former allegiances and fight alongside for survival in this atmospheric horror showdown; where bullets meet undead brains. You will always be under pressure facing off hordes of nazi-undead, occult generals and snipers. So keep your cool, make your stand, set up your traps, steady your aim andFire"
,Recommended,301640,28588100,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,VanSHOE,"definitely a great zombie shooteralthough l4d2 was more a bloody and fun experiencethis is....creepy, scary, bloody, FUN OFCOURSE, BRUTAL experienceRECOMMENDED :D"
,Recommended,301640,28918077,Posted: 1 January,all,Stiefelknecht,"Solid Coop (Nazi)Zombie slayin experience. 8-9/10Played through as 3 people in about 10 hours. + there is the typical COD Zombies Horde Mode.The Story was good and enough to beat the shallow storytelling of a Left 4 Dead.The only reason why i dont give it a 10/10 is that there is no weapon unlock system or character progress system at all.Sure it is good to test out all the weapons from the start but we played like the last 2 Episodes without changing loadouts at all. (Hint: You can bind the normal aiming to Mouse 2 and enjoy the Sniper Rifles a bit more in packed fights, i recommend Bolt Action Rifles and especially the Lee Enfield for that). My loadout was Lee Enfield, Shot Gun, and Revolver. Secondary and Pistol have no valid other choices imho, while you can switch out the rifles according to your playstyle but mostly because of their crosshair, magazine size and fire rate. There are 2 Special weapons which you can only find around the levels, these are awesome but feel a bit lonely, they should have more special weapon friends.Sidenote: It is weird that they really stepped up their game in the third Episode, it felt like they have wasted so much potential for the two previous Episodes."
,Recommended,301640,22831916,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ArmoredPsycho,"excellent zombie game to play with friends, highly recommend this when its on sale"
,Recommended,301640,23514614,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ZechsX18999,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a combination of Sniper Elite & Left 4 Dead.Your goal is to kill your way through hordes of zombies to get to the next waypoint. It's way more fun than it sounds, especially with up to 4 players in co-op. The zombies will only effectively die if you shoot them in the head, so you have to carefully aim your shots which makes each kill feel satisfying and rewarding."
76561198063625858,Recommended,301640,27084284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Draven,"Loved this game from start to finish, Had a co-op session with friends on 3 pc's in my living room, with the game synced  and all 3 rig's speakers turned up, it was an awesome day."
,Recommended,301640,22823591,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mozness,"Decided to write this one a quick review because at the time of writing it's on sale.I bought this game a few months back when it was $20 and it was worth it. It's a fairly challenging coop shooter with Zombies and it's a lot of fun. Plus it's 3 games in one, so for $8.99 it's a steal.This game features the stories from NZA 1 and 2 with updated textures, an exclusive third story continuing on from the other two that you can only buy in this collection, and a decent survival mode which is also exclusive to the trillogy. All are available in 4 player coop.It has a fairly healthy online community, but it's certainly best with friends, which is why I don't have much time on it. That said, it has a certain dark humour to its story which makes it both endearing, but also a bit terrifying at times. If you're a fan of Call of Duty Zombies, particularly World at War, you'll probably love this.I have a fairly mid range PC (AMD FX-6300, R9 270x) and I run this at 80 fps 1080p on high with supersampling off and it runs beautifully. The graphics are pretty decent too.If using an Xbox controller is your thing, the controller support is fantastic. Simply turn it on at any point and it'll work just fine. I use a 360 controller, but the game most certainly supports an Xbone controller too (it's image is used in the controls section of the options).Basically, buy it now while it's on sale because it's great. If you happen to read this after a sale, it is still worth getting it over the other two if you want both."
,Recommended,301640,22308850,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mivario,"Found this to be a fun game to play with friends, but can be a tad difficult/boring soloCan definitely see the progression and differences as you work through the games, with each being an improvement on the lastDefinitely got my money’s worth out of it!"
76561198032403754,Recommended,301640,14817738,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Satch,Stay classy Rebellion.  Stay independent.
76561198016193084,Not Recommended,301640,15070476,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LlamaSutra,"I have decided to write a review that is actually informative and helpful. That being said, this review contains minor spoilers relating to game style and weapon selection.Do you want to know what you get for $45 with this game? You get several sniper rifles. Half have 5 rounds in the clip, the other half have 7-15. All do more or less the same damage, the ranges are equal, and the scopes vary in the slightest. All of these rifles have indistinguishable feels to them as well regarding how they fire (some have slightly more recoil or a more muffled sound).You also get secondary weapons, fun right? I guess. There are several smg's that do next to no damage. There is a single smg that easily outpreforms the rest. There is also a shotgun...be ready to use that for the next 6-8 hours of your playtime.The pistols in your third space are all the same with one exception. The revolver is one shot kill with a chest or headshot. I found myself switching between guns just to feel like I had some choice, but they are nearly identical so it never made a difference.Now let's talk about how the game works. You are given tasks: get to the safehouse, defend this position, survive this assault, finish off the zombies, find this key. You are always forced to go somewhere, kill everything in order to progress, and then go somewhere else and do the same thing. There is no straying from this formula. Might I mention that the same guns for every mission make these tasks more like chores?What does the game do well? The question we should really ask is ""Who is this game trying to please?"" This game is trying to entertain an audience that cares for nothing but aiming and clicking at something and seeing it die. There is no strategy apart from running past as much crap as you can before being forced to clear an area. There is no story aside from ""Hitler has a zombie army."" There are 3-4 models for the zombies, there are 2 models for the skeleton enemy, and there are a couple other enemies that you will always feel are just an annoyance.I had fun for about the first 2 hours. Then I realized that the game was not changing. The story does not progress. You spend hours shooting the SAME THINGS with no goal. There is no reward for your efforts aside from seeing a skull explode every time you shoot a zombie from over 50 meters.How is this different from Call of Duty zombies? It has less selection, less story, less variation between weapons, no increasing difficulty aside from number of zombies that are all equally easy to kill. Is CoD zombies great? It has its flaws, but Zombie Army Trilogy takes a strong backseat with an unoriginal idea and less fleshed out development.Don't waste your money on all three of this trilogy. If you must, buy the first game and then replay it twice more; this would be no different than playing two and three because they are all the same. Differences between the three? I believe the third has about 4 more enemy types. oh, and the atmosphere changes about two times somewhere in there.This is a waste. Buy the first or just save your time and money. Stay away from this package. I am sorry that I bought it, hopefully it can be returned."
,Recommended,301640,29998010,Posted: 17 February,all,155Degrees,"PROS+Zombie Shotter. Who doesn't like to kill some zombies? Here, there are NAZI zombies. How awesome can that be?+Co-op. The game is great to play with friends.+Atmosphere. Great zombie meltdown atmosphere, plenty of gore.+""Sniper elite shooting scenes"". Right? Awesome shots!+Variety of enemys. They are slow, fast, grabbers, shooters, kamikazes, armored, skeletons..  You name it.+L4D playable characters!+Chapter 3 scenarios look great.  A good improve from the previous 2.CONS-Story. Wasn't bad..  But not good either.  Meh.-Weapons.  Or the lack of them. Very little variety,  very limited in my opinion.No melee weapons? Only kicking?Booo!OVERALL 7.0/10-It would be awesome to blow the head of a zombie with a baseball bat."
,Recommended,301640,28302753,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"Awesome zombie shooter game!! Really love killin' zombies from long range or no-scoping them up close!!What I truly like about the game:(1) The x-ray sniper kill shot!!(2) Explosive kills is where it's at; just gather up all the zombies, a great way to get multikills!I highly recommend playing this game!"
76561198318996786,Recommended,301640,29388950,Posted: 20 January,all,W-prime,"The game is quite challenging and fun especially if you do a co-op game. A fusion of supernatural evil and the horrors of the third riech makes this game's atmosphere spooky, and it has that sound vibe from an 80's horror movie. If you're a zombie and a World War II action game fan then this game is for you."
,Recommended,301640,22831080,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,torva csgogem.com,"Amazing game, an absolute load of fun!Just needs a better online community, i haven't found a single online match yet, and it does get boring in single player the whole time."
,Recommended,301640,14768113,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Shadowhunter,"If you like Zombie survival games and coop games, get this. Especially if you like the Sniper Elite Series.It combines the first two games of the series plus a third brand new campaign, (a total of 15 campaign levels that last about an hour a piece with the first two games remastered in the SE3 engine) 5 horde maps with endless waves of zombies, 4 new characters to choose from (total of 8), the ability to start with a shotgun now (along with the many weapons to choose from the other games in the series), and it unifies the community of the series into one game. (the devs said this was their intention and dont want to fragment the community any more)This is an amazing game, you will enjoy this game unless you hate the concept of zombies, its a blast with 4 player coop."
76561197984240645,Recommended,301640,19531572,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Aquanaut,"Kudos to Rebellion.They made awesome spin-offs with Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2 , nonetheless, they raised the level of awesome to astoundingly fun with the Trilogy.8/10 Would buy a fourth sequel."
,Recommended,301640,22017162,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"Good for single player, great for multiplayer. If you are thinking about getting NZA, get this one. Nazi Zombie Army Trilogy contains all three games in one easy package, and is much cheaper if you already own one of or both of the first two games. THIS GAME IS NOT FOR RUN AND GUN! NZA is a sniper elite title and as such, it requires a bit more finesse than standard shooters. The ordinary sniper elite was a stealth sniper game. NZA has no such ""stealth"" gameplay, trading that in instead for slow moving enemies moving in large wave based hordes, requiring finesse to place your shots accurately and a bit of keyboard agility to lay out traps and out pace the zombies. The games sound design reminds me strongly of old horror movies, as was the intention. The levels are structured with funneling, traps, and long range combat in mind, with portions of tense close up action. If you don't like evenly (slow) paced zombie shooters and would rather play something like COD zombies or L4D, then don't bother. If on the other hand you like the satisfaction of watching a bullet travel in slow motion out of your gun, across a courtyard, and bury itself in the groin of a zombie to burst it's useless testicles, then yes. Buy NZAT."
76561198059022319,Not Recommended,301640,14818351,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HallowNaide,"For those of you that own NZA 1 & 2, this game is a bit of a let down i'm afraid. I really enjoyed NZA 1 & 2, but this one has fallen short. I'll  run through a few things that I don't like with the new game:* They have removed the binoculars,.......making it extremely hard to find bottles of blood.* You can no longer climb up on objects/walls/vehicles etc.....* Skeletons have been made WAY TOO easy to kill.* Regular soldier zombies now require more shots to kill them because the aim is ""off"" therefore using more ammo &     wasting more time......* Rifles do less damage & it's alot harder to get the 5-for-1 or 10-for-1 kills we used to get regularly in NZA 1 & 2.....* Pistols do considerably less damage,...even headshots,.....the only pistol worth using is the Webley, but it has a low rate of fire & reload time. Not even the Colt .45 does one-shot-kills, I've found myself firing two or even three shots to the head to kill enemies.* MG turrets are a waste of time & again do alot less damage, which is a pity cause the MG-42 was a feared weapon of WW2, nicknamed ""The Buzzsaw"" for a reason!....* The fire soldiers that the Fire Demon spawns are WAY too easy to kill & have been slowed down so they don't run as fast.* Searching corpses now wastes more time as you have to ""Hold E"" instead of ""Pressing E""* The shotgun has had it's damage reduced & is now less effective.* The cross-hairs on the Preacher are now bigger making aiming more difficult & is now less effective & does less damage.* Explosives do less damage.*Hoarde mode has a large annoying scoreboard that blocks a quarter of the screen*New colour palate has reverted to a green-ish colour, instead of the red  hell-ish colour in NZA 2.*The ""kick"" has been over-buffed so now in parts you just have to stand there & kick enemies & not use any ammo....*SMG'S do alot less damage, the only one worth using is the Blyscawica, & even then still does less damage than in NZA 1 & 2.So overall I think Rebellion has dropped the ball on this one guys, so save your money & don't bother wasting it on this game. Even the ""new & improoved"" versions of NZA 1 & 2 in this trilogy suck big time!......because of all the alterations. The originals are still the best.""If it ain't broken,.....don't fix it!""........Thanks for a steaming pile of crap Rebellion!........game deleted!Waste of money!      :("
,Recommended,301640,23654450,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Deli,I recomended you play with you friend or you can feel boring play alone...
76561198082213494,Recommended,301640,15142897,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,alBert2000,I really like that game.Sniping slow Zombies is so much fun.The Horde mode also is fun to play.Difficulty can be adjusted nicely so that you even can play alone with a large amount of Zombies.But best is coop with friends while talking on mumble vocal chat.The only negative I have to say is that some checkpoints in the later game (end of part 2 and in part 3) are placed unfair sometimes. So sometimes you have to replay a larger section again when you die.But beside that this game is really entertaining.It is also the first game in my library that I got all achievements of.So for me this game is a big thumbs up.
,Recommended,301640,17682651,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Bravezerker,"Been getting tired of zombie games recently, and have never been a big fan of coop.So this is an (un)pleasant surprise:Runs great as well optimizedLooks great as well visualizedSounds great as well audiolizedFeels great as well controlizedOverall great as well realized5 Z's out of 5"
,Recommended,301640,15362476,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,REMi,Amazing collection with the best of Sniper Elite
76561198004811351,Recommended,301640,21649722,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Don't mistake Zombie Army Trilogy for some half-baked, re-skinned Sniper Elite add on. Those were my initial impressions after seeing some videos and screenshots of the game, and I'm not afraid to admit I was wrong. Aside from running on the Sniper Elite engine and some control scheme similarities, Zombie Army Trilogy draws about as much inspiration from Left 4 Dead as the developer's more serious World War II simulation. And it's not just the awesome, free Bill and friends skins, either.The basic structure of the game is: kill a bunch of zombies, get to a safe room, restock, kill more zombies, repeat. Such a simple formula (combined with the current oversaturation of zombie media) is an easy target for bashing mindless, violent, derivative repetition. If you were to play a level then I told you you'd be doing that same loop more or less for the next twenty hours I wouldn't fault anyone for grumbling and calling out my bad taste, which I wouldn't deny. However, there's an undeniable beauty, stupidity, and brilliance to the game that I found entirely endearing and entertaining. It's as if an immature kid with an overactive imagination sketched out a basic outline of what he thought was cool, then just ran with it without giving a ♥♥♥♥ what anyone else thought. Then he got a sizable budget and talented team underneath him, and didn't let any external pressures compromise his original vision. Then that idea grew larger and more batshit insane over years, and he got better and simultaneously more creative as it went on. It's the gaming equivalent of a joke that gets a good belly laugh when you first hear it, wears out it's welcome to the point of annoyance, then circles around to being funny again.The slow motion, skull cracking, lung exploding long range sniper shots are here, though toned down just a touch because the walking dead don't really give a ♥♥♥♥ and have rotten blood. Plus there's thousands of them. Tossing a grenade into a crowd usually racks up half a dozen kills on a bad throw. The undead make for tricky sniper practice as they shamble unpredictably, so going prone and picking off ghouls from half a mile away is really just the first line of defense for thinning the herd. Much of the action in Zombie Army Trilogy ends up in your face, whether you intend it to or not. This means your pistol is an indisposable tool for encroaching threats, and a generous kick will help you out of tight spots. Secondary weapons like SMGs, shotguns, and panzerfausts are useful against special enemies and specific situations, and traps like landmines and tripwires can act as early warning devices or crowd control.What elevates Zombie Army Trilogy from B-tier mediocrity are the tone, environments, and enemy variety. The soundtrack has to be called out as being particularly awesome: it sounds like a lost John Carpenter score or alternative takes to the original Dawn of the Dead. The minimalist late '70s/early '80s synth goes a long way to selling the pulpy horror setting. There's such commitment and attention to detail on every level: Nazi zombies is pure B-movie schlock, and developer Rebellion is well aware of this and they dive right in. The easy write-off would be the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥“wink wink, nudge nudge” route, but there's real affection for the genre here. Part haunted house, part best of horror movies, the game is full of nods, cliches, and Easter eggs. One beefy special enemy wields a chainsaw and reminded me of the classic Resident Evil 4 infected, then he straight up starts doing the Leatherface dance from the end of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. There are portraits of real world monsters like Elizabeth Bathory and Vlad the Impaler, and clicking on them results in nonstop fountains of blood pouring from the paintings. If you inspect a baby carriage occupied by an ever-present demonic doll, your character becomes possessed and feasts on a human body. On the lighter side you can also get drunk, and keep an eye out for a statue performing the Village People's YMCA dance in the distance. Zombie Army Trilogy is as dense with detail as it is with the undead.The “Trilogy” part of the title isn't just there for the hell of it or the three chapters in the game that connect the story and amp up in zaniness. I guess these chapters were available as separate games (presumably one for each Sniper Elite game), but the remaking of them here is handled so well I would have never known had I not read up on it. It feels entirely cohesive, though the quality and design does get markedly better as the game progresses. Along with the three main chapters that took me twenty hours to complete on Normal difficulty, there's also a Horde mode available on half a dozen maps. I only briefly messed with it, but for those who like co-op zombie action it's added value to an already lengthy game (which can also be played co-op). I came into Zombie Army Trilogy expecting cheap thrills and B-grade gore. I certainly got that, but by the time I took down giant zombie Hitler I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the game in an honest, unironic appreciation. Zombie Army Trilogy knows horror, comedy, and gunplay, and that's all on display in the game to greatest effect. It's worth it just to see what a fight against zombie Hitler looks like."
76561198021366767,Recommended,301640,32115662,Posted: 1 June,all,I M Ghareeb,A bit cheesy but I enjoyed it and bought it when it was on sale so very much worth it compared to the hours of gameplay I had in it.
,Recommended,301640,33714143,Posted: 21 July,all,DINNYFORST,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third person shooter that support both single and co-op gameplay.The story takes place in alternative timeline of World War II era where German's final plan is to unleash an ancient power, but something goes wrong and overruned by undead army.---------------------------------------------------------The gameplay is straightforward; the goal is to proceed from point A to B along with some objectives. Each level serves variety of world setting and captures the sense of hopeless. They are massive, detailed, and have some memorable moment even though the gore stuffs are bit exceed and unnecessary to create the atmosphere in cheap way. Horde mode is optional survival mode, but encourages your strategy and teamwork as well.The gunplay is by far the strongest point and satisfied. Each sniper rifle has different fire rate, magazine size, velocity (which affect on higher difficulty), and zoom level. The game borrows most mechanics from Sniper Elite and execute very well, because sniping zombie requires more steady aim and prediction. It also offers a great challenge on higher difficulty as you have to make every headshot and less secondary ammo to emphasize the usage of sniper rifle. Keep it mind that your bullet works as projectiles and can accidently hit the wall if you aim near the corner.You will encounter most of common zombie and skeleton. There are some elites and specials which force you to prioritize and change position, although most of spawn point are pretty much static as you can predict where they come including items and explosives.---------------------------------------------------------However, random elements are low and cause no replayability unless you need to collect all achievements on higher difficulty which replaces more Elite spawn points. Collectable are fun to hunt, but it doesn't reward anything besides achievements. There are some rare bugs / glitches where the enemies could be stuck in level and prevent player to proceed or the game won't allow you to collect more explosives.Overall, Zombie Army Trilogy is very entertaining, challenge, and well-optimized. Single player could be very terrified and intense while co-op is fairly messy and hilarious with your friends."
,Recommended,301640,14919962,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,gfru,"classic NZA1+2, remastered and upgraded to a new engine with brand new NZA3 chapter and Horde game mode. I have played first mission (which was already in NZA1), and it looks great, map is almost same like in previous game, but effects are better and some details are improved. Zombies are quite different, you can now shoot off their limbs, or if you aim well, you can shoot his body in half. And expect new animations of course :) Looking forward to play the new NZA3 campaign ^^If you have never played any Nazi Zombie Army, you can purchase it there, with 25% discounthttps://uk.gamesplanet.com/game/zombie-army-trilogy--2746-1"
76561198359856413,Recommended,301640,32711494,Posted: 23 June,all,Ultrox,"If you love sniper kills, cinematics , creepy soundtrack, co-op with friends, playing uder pressure this is the game for you. To have the best experience don't disable the music and sound effects and play with friends.Gameplay is good enough with a decent story line.Apart from storyline there is horde maps which are basically survival type with fixed map.Pro tip: Play Horde and try to reach higher wave to gain confidence in campaign."
,Recommended,301640,14782895,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"I still didn't finish the game - I didn't even try the new campaign or the Horde Way. But I already like it better than the two other games. Yes, I'm playing the same campaign. Yes, there is no real surprise. But having the shotgun as being equipped directly is a great improvement.Beside, the adding of female characters is also refreshing. Let's be honest: it's historically accurate that Russian women were in the Red Army, some of them being snipers and that resistants included women.I don't know if it was possible before but I can kick skeletons and stomp on zombies on the ground. Also, the combo feature is also a nice addition. And you can dismember zombies now!The ambiance of the game changed too. Don't ask me why I preferred to play Purgatory in this game than in NZA 2. Perhaps less red?A good thing (but also a bad thing for people liking to explore) is that the bottles and gold bars from the previous games are in the same location in Zombie Army Trilogy. Same for the achievements with the possessed toy for example.Definitively my favorite Sniper Elite Zombie game!"
,Recommended,301640,17649253,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Nathan,"STEP 1:CLICK THE BUTTON ""ADD TO CART""STEP 2:BUY THE GAMESTEP 3:ENJOY THE BEST GAME OF ZOMBIES EVER"
,Recommended,301640,28550463,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Toad™ ツ,"Well worth it!!make sure you have a friend otherwise you will die alot.this is just an upgrade from zombie army 1,2 and 3 with better graphics and l4d characters."
76561198064106555,Recommended,301640,34692157,Posted: 2 September,all,mrorange,Great atmospheric coop shooter. Very much recommended!
76561198080097532,Recommended,301640,22835919,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,LunarVoid,"If you love sniping games, you'd love this as much as I do. However, there are some things in this game that some people might consider boring and tedious. The way that this game advances through is normally kill some zombies, go into a safe house, exit out and deal with a zombie siege then go into another safe house. Each mission lasts around 30 minutes to an hour, and that's normally all you do in them. You should also consider playing this with friends. I'm personally playing it solo, but it does get kinda lonely and boring sometimes when playing this for a long period of time. Playing with friends can always be a fun experience no matter the game. Still, I enjoy this game and if you can handle going into a safe house, killing some zombies then going into another safe house over and over again, then you might just like this game as well."
,Recommended,301640,29957336,Posted: 15 February,all,Paul Atreides,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a Masterpiece!Bring in some sniping skills when you come to this party, it is not your usual zombie game!It's about headshots with scoped rifles and other WWII weapons, a great gameplay, amazing graphics, super lightweight engine, and yes, Beth Coleman!!If you like Zombie games, this is surely a ""must have"" in your collection, and more, it might easily become your favorite!The following link describes it the best:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a1WTsCny30Not to forget, ZAT players are the nicest people on Steam! ;-)I made some real friends in Multiplayer.Zombie Army Trilogy includes Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army 1+2 in a remastered version, and ads a third episode. So there is no need to buy the other 2 earlier games anymore.It consist of 15 huge maps, a lot of content for a game!(The maps are based on Sniper Elite V2, but the game runs on the newer engine of Sniper Elite 3.)Get into this dark and creepy atmosphere of an alternate end of WWII and start sniping like hell in order to survive!---Also check out other Rebellion games (some i mentiond before): Sniper Elite V2 - Sniper Elite 3 - Sniper Elite 4 - Aliens vs. Predator (from 2010)."
,Recommended,301640,26901656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Superczar,"One of the best 4-player coop games around, and very fun to play alone and very beatable on your own. Great soundtrack, some really cool maps, and great bullet-cam kill shots, just like in the regular Sniper Elite games. They took the best parts of Left4Dead, Sniper Elite and CoD zombie mode!And zombie Hitler. That is all."
,Recommended,301640,34865764,Posted: 10 September,all,[DGR] Gikiller,"Zombie Army Trilogyis a ""Trilogy"" of all zombie Army gamesso thats your best hit if you wanna try the Zombie Army series,----PROSGradeGood Gameplay9/10Good ingame characters7/10Amazing soundtrack10/10Really fun co_op8/10---CONSGradeVery hard to find a community server2/10The game feels like its all about the sniper you really wont have fun with other weapons4/10You cant resume the chapter if you quit so you really have to play it all over again0/10The Characters don't have a voice actors so they won't speak in the cutscene which is really bad2/10---OVERALL: 7/10it is really fun to play with your friendsand a real good time killerit has its moments"
,Recommended,301640,34526910,Posted: 27 August,all,Master C,"It's fun to play with friends.I've replayed the game a couple of times (with different friends).Unlike the original Sniper Elite series, there's no stealth element.In most of the cases, you have to kill all zombies in order to progress.There're safe houses act as the checkpoints.Somehow they are too sparse for a high difficulty gameplay.The mechanism follows the one of Sniper Elite 2.Your health will regenerate automatically. (so, no health kits)There are traps that you can place to kill a crowd of zombies.Btw... the horde mode is really boring to me..."
,Not Recommended,301640,17135094,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"I wasn't sure if to rate this positive or negative.Yes I liked the game so I'll explain why I gave it a negative rating anyways.It's because the Developers have been lazy and the price is a rip off.Even at 50% off this game is to expensive it should be 75% by default.First of all the graphics are really dissapointing when you look at the storepage you think ow that looks good, but even on a high end machine it doesn't even look like that ingame. The graphics reminds me of Sniper Elite v2.More lazyness on Rebellions part is that they reused maps from Sniper Elite v2 they didn't even make new maps for this game, they also didn't make new weapons for this game either, just used the old ones.Basicly if you break it down, they added some mist, some zombie sounds and changed enemy skins.Infact the group you travel with in the storyline, they don't even talk!Just so much lazyness on the Developers part, I'm not sure people even notice it.Also this game is not made at all for solo gameplay, it's so not balanced. (yet again lazyness)Same go's for horde mode playing that solo is just as stupid as it can get.---Well thats all the negative stuff about the game, I did have fun playing this game just the lazyness has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.I thought the storyline wasn't great, but it was fun to play.Hmm let's think, well I finished the game and the storyline was alrighty.Can't think of much more to say...Would recommend it at a price of 7,50 or lower."
,Recommended,301640,18511962,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Guimaggiv,You can also kill Rochelle.
,Recommended,301640,22832815,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Vae Victus,"Sniper Elite 2, NZA 1, NZA 2, NZA TRI. I have them all!Every one of them are the same game and feel but i never can get enough of this diamond. :D.Nazi zombie army games are awesome. Its a mix of horror, funny, action.I love this franchise."
76561198197409628,Recommended,301640,27075641,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vvelho,"Good mindless fun, but needs more players."
76561198014685360,Recommended,301640,26295557,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HELL ON EARTH,"Just amazing on every level, and creepy to with a very well done retro sound track.Really hope Rebellion release more of these using there newer game engine!Just go and buy it!😁😎"
,Recommended,301640,30828595,Posted: 30 March,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Gorre ☠,"Classic zombie shooter with a bit of realism added to it combined with wave system that makes it worth while. Do not play on the hardest difficulty unless you're at least in party of 3, recommended 4.[✔]> decent weapon variety> x-ray cam> zombie variety> good optimization[✘]> characters lack depth> repetitive objectives"
,Recommended,301640,14814824,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Atelier,This game is a 3 part story of the characters on a quest across Berlin looking for thier voice actors.
76561198049641186,Not Recommended,301640,14791657,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,rico686,"The graphics and new features in this game are very good and so are the new maps/missions in Chapter 3. The ammobox for machinegun ammo is now also the ammobox for the shotgun, which is a very nice upgrade.The reloaded missions on the other hand from NZA1+2 are changed in a bad way; they should have left it in the original first released way before the changes (if it ain't broke don't fix it).This is just another game you need to play in Coop if you want to survive it and with players you can rely on. Playing it in Single on the hardest difficulty is annoying and not doable because in this version you don't have the possibility to think out of the box, like in the previous original versions. There is no jumping in and out of windows anymore (like in NZA 1 + 2) and no climbing on things, so you only can play it the way they want you to play.The spots where climbing and jumping over is allowed are very limited which makes the game pretty much 'just a game like any other modern game'. The controls for jumping over and climbing have also been changed and they must have had a reason for that, but it's a bit annoying sometimes.The original NZA 1 + 2 were very unique games in which you were allowed to think out of the box in order to end the missions even in the hardest difficulty and in many different ways. They were not just another zombie game and therefore alot of fun to play, at least for me and my friends. Version 1 and 2 gave the player the opportunity to play the game in many different ways, whereas this new version the player forces to do only what the devs want. It seems that creative thinking in this game is not appreciated, which in my opinion is a pitty because creative thinking is exactly what makes games more interesting to play.The turret mounted machine guns don't have the same kind of power/impact as in NZA 2 so don't rely too much on those guns.The explosives don't have the same effect as in NZA1+2 and the panzerfaust is pretty much useless against the new armored Elite.The shotgun and the preacher aren't as powerfull anymore as in the previous version, but it can do the job. The cross for aiming on the preacher is way too big now and the ammo is very limited. The preacher should be more accurate since it's supposed to be a double barrel big cailber elephant rifle with alot of devastating power. In this game they reduced all that.The pistols aren't as accurate and powerfull anymore as in the previous versions, especially when you're being swarmed by zombies.The reloaded versions of NZA1 + 2 are not as fun to play as the original versions because they changed it in a negative way. No climbing and jumping anymore, just the same sort of gameplay as the new maps. That means that when playing on the hardest difficulty and/or Horde mode you really need to know what you're doing because ammo is scarce and there's no changing the scenario like jumping and climbing in and out of windows (or whatever) whenever you think is necessary.So in all, if this new version would be just like NZA 1 and 2 (before the major update where several things were changed) but with all the new features, this game would be way more fun to play.Sadly it seems that developpers don't like to listen to what gamers really want.For those who just want to play and have fun in games without needing to think too much, this is another zombie game..., but for those who like to think out of the box and like to play a game in many different ways (or in your own way) this is definitely not that sort of game.People who haven't played NZA 1+2 won't notice the annoying changes, but the people who played NZA 1+2 from the start and before the changes will agree that they changed the games in a bad way.Same with Sniper Elite 2 and 3; version 2 is to my opinion still the best game. The changes they made in version 3 didn't do the game any good. People expected to see an upgrade but find the changes more or less a downgrade :(So, basically only Chapter 3 is a bit interesting for the people who already own the previous versions but I can't say that it's worth the € 16,79. It surely isn't worth the € 41,99 but that's only marketing strategy because the previous games weren't really a succes due to the changes they made. Clever marketing strategy would be if they would have made all 3 games just like the original NZA1+2 before the changes. Then it would be interesting and really worth buying."
76561198096541986,Recommended,301640,28571196,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AmericanNatSoc,Had 4 friends before i bought this now i have 5. greatest friend getting simulator 5/4 would buy again.
76561198005128610,Recommended,301640,24754139,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,the Winter Warlock,"ATTENTION     ATTENTION     ATTENTIONThis game contains BOTH Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2. So don't buy those two games if you buy the trilogy, you'd just be wasting money like I did. I had to wait for this game to go on discount.Seeing I never knew about this game, I already had NZA 1 and 2. But I waiting for the trilogy to go on a discount so I can play the third installment because it just wasn't worth it for me at full price.BUT the graphics are way better in the version than the first two versions.So let me talk about the first two versions of this game. It you want to see the reviews, just check it out for what I have written about it already.But I will say this, the multiplayer is much better than the first two. So solid plus on that. Along with even better and creepier graphics, this game is really a lot of fun to play. More so as multiplayer. If you play single player, it's fun but can be a bit challenging even on the lowest of difficulties.But for why I am writing this review, it's more for the third part of it. Please refer to my other reviews of 1 and 2 on it's respective game site :-)It does prove to be challenging. I had difficulty finishing it on Cadet. Actually I never finished it. It was too hard and perhaps because the new enemies were really tough to beat. You really do have to play this multiplayer. If not, you will find yourself getting frustrated at what seems to be the simplest of missions, but are easily defeated due to lack of ammo reserves and being stuck in a small space with the horde seige coming for you. Playing multiplayer is easier and better and a lot less bug. Actually, I have not experienced any bugs with multiplayer. So you can play on higher difficulties with customized setting on spawns which makes the game a lot more enjoyable. And trust me on this, you will want to play with friends for the third installment.The only downside to this game that I am not entirely crazy about. There is no place to play as a sniper like in the regular game. Well except for some safe spots you start in or can find, all the monsters know where you are and come for you. It is too bad that you could not create diversions and sneak around zombies and stuff like that. It sure would have changed the dynamic of the game, especially if the big elite zombies are trying to hunt you down and you have to find a hiding spot or something.The only other thing and this is just my opinon on it. Too many seige's or hordes. Unlike Left 4 Dead if you tally your wank too long, you will get a horde. But I find it distracts a bit from the game.But all in all I would give this a definite must play game if you are bored of CS-GO or want a change of pace.My suggestions to the Dev's for this game.- Make the game more stealth like.- Option to play alone or with 3 other bots if you choose not to play multiplayer- Less seiges if playing alone. Or at least give an option on seige frequency.Bullet Cam video. If you make a great shot, add a command where you can press an assigned button to save that animation. (would work only on solo play), cause that's where half the fun is!PS. I DO WANT TO SAY THIS...The MUSIC it totally 80's AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,301640,28331009,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Liberteen,This is a great 4 player time killer co-op game to play with your friends. Same developers that made Sniper Elite series.  Need I say more?
,Recommended,301640,29385812,Posted: 20 January,all,AdventureTimeFan09,FUN but... repetitive
,Recommended,301640,14840035,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LAURELINAD,"Really great game, almost good as L4D when it comes to having 4 player co-op experience. Get a copy while it's on -%80 sale, you won't find better price tho!"
,Recommended,301640,24674487,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Isador,If you don't have a previous Zombie Army and want to play then buy this.This game contains all three games.It's nice and smooth like previous games. This has Horde mode where people trying to survive as long as they can facing endless waves of enemies.I can only recommend this. I had much fun playing this but little reminder. Online is not much populated so bring your friends ;)
76561198050156091,Recommended,301640,22819020,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kenny_Honduras,"Really Entertaining game. I was skeptic of mainly using sniper rifles to kill zombies at first, but as you progress and get huge hordes of zombies you appreciate being able to take as many of them as you can from the distance. Aim well and enjoy!"
,Recommended,301640,14831275,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Steph,"Great game, great remastered edition. And yay, finally female characters. Make sure you play from the start to get the whole remastered feel. The one down side to this game is the extremely, massively reduced MP bullet cam, even on frequent. Makes me very sad.(Edit to fix typos lol)"
76561198173355387,Recommended,301640,14784418,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,onikukouchan(jp),Zombie Army Trilogyが初めての人は、これだけで1.2も楽しめます。もたろん、Trilogyオリジナルストーリーもです。オンラインプレイでは、ストーリーとは別に、仲間と生き抜くモードがあり、これが結構熱くなるんですよね。仲間が減ると先の戦いが苦しくなるのですから、自然と仲間意識が高くなります。1.2ともに敵キャラに変化はありませんでしたがこの、Trilogyからは新キャラも追加されてボリューム満点!!ただひとつだけ、1.2の操作に慣れているだけに、操作方法変更はかんべんしてほしかったです。
,Recommended,301640,23670721,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ghost pixel (QC),"You get to raid Dracula's castle and fight giga Hitler after beating the crap out of zombies in Berlin TWICE. Episode 3 is by far the best of the three. Rebellion knew what they were doing. Playing with people online is a real treat. Plus, you can play as any survivor from the left 4 dead series for free. Sure, it doesn't have the same voice actors but hey, other games would charge you as DLC to play as them. A great game to get. Bought it on sale for 30 bucks. Definitely has my vote."
76561198002967881,Recommended,301640,19324037,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,feargunner,"I was pretty sure it would hook me when I heard the 80's era synth soundtrack as the game loaded.And, I wasn't disappointed.  If George Romero directed a WWII film, this would be it.  The game is an absolute blast to play."
,Recommended,301640,29399225,Posted: 21 January,all,MyLittleXenomorph,pros-everythingcons-doesn't entertaining if you dont have a friend to play
76561198146899992,Recommended,301640,34016122,Posted: 4 August,all,Canis1010,"You know those games you play to unwind and just mess around with? You like zombies? Meet Zombie Army Trilogy. (p.s. buy on sale, it's good, but not $45 good)"
,Recommended,301640,34694068,Posted: 2 September,all,Shadow_Killer,I am still very Scared to play this game aloneSome times Zombies come form my backAnd tear me apartSo i play it only with my friends
76561198018047535,Recommended,301640,15319764,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bullet,"Excelent conclusion to series with previous 2 games in one pack.For fans of series it's must buy, for others it is one of best coop games for PC.Cant wait for another Zombie army 4 :))"
76561197972640015,Recommended,301640,15494962,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,cowboy,"Great maps, full of action, enemies challenging, crashes on steam sometimes so waiting for the game programming repairs."
,Recommended,301640,28942661,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr.Kuro,this game is good but not much people go play it
76561198012474009,Not Recommended,301640,17715848,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,"What happens when you take a franchise based on stealth and percision elimination and pit players against a large, loud, and dumb cavalcade of zombies?Well ""fun"" certainly doesn't happen.Pros:+ Decent variety of WWII weaponry.+ Very atmoshperic.+ Lots of collectables and 'chieves if you're into those things. AND TRADING CARDS!+ The soundtrack that I've heard is well done but often looped.+ Customizable difficulty tweaks. Seemed relatively balanced for my gameplay duration.+ Playing with L4D characters reminded me that I have better games in my library I could be playing.Cons:- Levels feature short ranges, confined buildings, and lots of obscuring fog and smoke. Why the hell are you making sniping the focus when literally EVERY other attack I have works better in most situations?- Enemy variety isn't very inspired. Ranged juggernauts that need an insane amount of headshots to take down, lightning quick kamikaze style enemies, and the boring shambling Nazi zombies that are very rinse/repeat. I understand it's the zombie and sniper maxim to ""aim for the head"", but frequently resurrecting non-headshotted enemies gets quite annoying.- Bad checkpoints. Often we'd have to restart a 30 minute segment because the enemies in the last 5 minutes would obliterate us.- Lots of weapons are blatantly better than others. While in the main Sniper Elite games, you might ditch the semi-automatic magezine loaded rifle for something with greater range and stopping power. Most all enemies die in one headshot and are within a joke of a range for a sniper: you have no reason not to take the M1 Garand / Carbine every time. Some secondaries and pistols are near useless as well.- Equipment is based on a stealth element. Tripwire, landmines, and dynamite that needs to be shot to be triggered. Only in the infrequent hold-out events (which give you probably 10-15 seconds to set up) are these defenses remotely useful. They were meant to gate off your sniping position in the main Sniper Elite games, but yield little benefit here. I'd rather just carry double grenades- There's nothing ""cooperative"" about co-op. In games like L4D, co-op synergy is TIGHT. You rely on your team mates to heal you, scavange supplies for you, cover you while you accomplish objectives, revive you, kill enemies pinning you, etc. In this game, the only benefit to having a companion along is that they can revive you. I have the same amount of banal ""not fun"" playing this alone as I do with friends.- Again. The sniper theme. WHY?! Who in the right mind would prefer a percision weapon when there are literally hundreds of enemies?! Extra mags for secondary SMG/Shotgun and pistol are heavily reduced. Sniper clips/bullets/mags are in sheer abundance. You're supposed to be using (scoped only) rifles.- Bad net coding. I play L4D, Killing Floor, and now this with a group of Steam friends a few states away. Those former two games are MUCH more responsive when it comes to hit detection and third party animations.I bought this 66% off for about $15, and even that was way too much for this game. Sniper Elite is ketchup, zombies are ice cream. They're fine on their own but you need to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to attempt to mix them. If you insist on using outdated weaponry against zombies of a politically unfavorable preference, then buy CoD World at War or Black Ops 1. This game has almost nothing going for it."
76561198036611737,Recommended,301640,22855198,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Scythes619,"ill make this simple, its like left for dead .... in it has*campain and horde*good zombie types*no customize or progress* 80% discunted $9 worth a buy* normal price $45 100% not worth a buy"
,Recommended,301640,31424308,Posted: 28 April,all,-=ShR33k=-,"I don't normally enjoy sniper games. If playing in a FPS - I opt for an assult rifle, I'm never a sniper.  However, this game is simply awesome!Ammo is limited so you can't ""spray and pray"". Ideally you need to get accurate headshots to kill the zombies, and I love the fact there are different types of zombies with different strengths & weaknesses to keep the gameplay interesting.The storyline is interesting and gripping - Hitler & his Nazi German solders in a last ditch attempt not to lose the war, authorise use of a chemical that ""reanimates the dead"", which becomes Hitlers army.  Somewhere along the line Hilter becomes zombie Hilter and once his horde is dead - you need to kill zombie Hitler to complete the game.If you get a decent shot - you 'll get a slow-mo bullet-time scene so you can see the bullet hit the target and the damage it does!  It's a very polished game, with great mechanics/physics & storyline.  Being part of a gaming group, it's the first game in a long while that I've truely enjoyed playing, so much so - I'll be playing it through again!"
,Recommended,301640,28235965,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Voronoir ♪,"This game is mf-ing awesome as hellIf you wanted a game about fighting nazi zombie, for me this is the one you looking forThis game also available the iconic zombie slayer.. of course they are from L4D. And I can say that this is the best crossover that i ever see in every fighting zombie games10/10"
76561198019801682,Recommended,301640,22853997,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Novan56,"Its got that Day of the Dead feel and music. A fun zombie game that immerses you in epic survival horror where you must rely on superior marksmanship to stay alive. Gunplay is quite realistic and takes into account of wind, muzzle velocity and heart rate. Can be played by yourself or with 3 other players in co-op online, difficulty is scalable."
76561198021471400,Recommended,301640,25372056,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZESMA,"game has a left 4 dead feeling to it when u play Co-op, runs pretty good, and looks amazing, definetly a game u must play if you like killing zombies."
,Recommended,301640,34723529,Posted: 3 September,all,=(eGO)= Silent166,pretty fun zombie game.. it's about as good as Left 4 Dead 2 in my personal opinion but still lots of fun.. definitely grab it when it's on sale.
76561198208058901,Recommended,301640,24407553,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,masoncooper669,"Gameplay - 9/10 (shooting zombies can get a little repetive if you try to speed run the campaign)Story - 10/10       Not as extravagent as CoD, feels like left for dead (has left for dead characters as an option)Graphics - 10/10 Lots of blood and zombies, can lag lower spec computers, unless you turn the graphics downControls - 10/10    Fairly easy once you get the basics down, can edit keyboard and mouse.Fear Factor - 10/10 Fair amount of jump-scares, a lot of pentagrams, whispering, gore, and other things that might give you anxietyReplayablility - 6/10 Can't really replay it too much but horde mode is ok, can replay just not very fun if you have good memory, then you don't get suprised by the guys with chainsaws jumping out of nowhere, a lot of easter eggs to go back for, survivor quests, achievements, collectables, and a lot of other stuff you have to find (or Google)Very fun game, can be difficult if you set to max difficulty, fun with friends (unless they are stupid like mine and try to run past all the zombies to get to the end) Lots of interesting WWII era guns (rifles, pistols, machine guns, turrets, rocket launchers, and a shotgun) fun zombie game, aiming can be a bit difficult at first, but once you get used to it, its easier.Price could be a little lower, like 25-30$"
76561197970549991,Recommended,301640,21951913,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,RedFox,"In terms of overall structure, it works like Left 4 Dead. Up to 4 player Co-Op, zombie hordes to shoot through, 3 'stories' with 5 chapters each, with safe rooms along the way to break up the tension and let you restock on much needed ammunition. As an added neat feature, the cast from the Left 4 Dead games are selectable characters!The first game in the triology can start off a bit slow, but it builds up great in terms of difficulty and tension. The second and third games are solid all the way through with difficult fights, incredible, gory, creepy level design, and environments that are so different with each map as to keep feeling fresh and interesting as you shoot your way further and further into Hitler's bloody, gore-filled empire.While this is built on the Sniper Elite 3 engine, this is not really a sniping game. You are generally engaging enemies at ranges of 50 or less meters, with only the occasional long shot of 100 or so meters. Considering the volume of enemies you have to go through, this is in the game's favor, since sniping 100's of zombies from 100+ meters away would probably get old fast.Other than the first chapter, I played the game through on Solo Mode. Solo Mode has more frequent check points than Co-Op so it manages to keep from being frustrating most of the time. In Co-Op, you have to respawn at the safe rooms if you wipe, so that can make certain stretches incredibly difficult. There are a few incredibly hard engagements later in the series, but I did beat the whole thing on the Marksman level of difficulty.My only criticism of the game is that there is almost no choice in terms of what primary weapon you use. Since they all do the same damage per shot, and you're not firing at super long engagements, the M1 Carbine is the only one that makes sense to use with its 15 round magazine and fast reload. Every other rifle is only a downgrade in every way that counts with how the game works. I would have liked to see it tuned such that there were legitimate reasons to consider using the other rifles.In the end, if you enjoy zombie shooters of any kind, you should find this fun. If you have someone who will play through it with you, even better.Any game where your final action is ""Throw Zombie Nazi Hitler into the Hellmouth."" can't be wrong."
,Recommended,301640,30053763,Posted: 20 February,all,Jaz,"Pros- Really well configured game.- Maximum of 4 players in co-op with 3 dificulties and a zombie spawn rate drom 1 to 4 players... For an exemple you can play with 2 friends with a spawn rate for 4 players to kill more zombies and add difficulty.- You have the same Sniper Elite ""wind"", ""wheith"" and ""heart beat"" only when playing in Sniper Elite difficulty.- You can kick Zombies!- Have a really good aim and every ""main"" gun have it's own scope.- You can collect golden bars and bottles of blood.- Each map has its own music.- In this trilogy you play 3 different games that in the first game it is more basic compare to the 2nd and the 3rd. The 3rd game is more completed and more enjoyable...- The ambient of gore and atmosphere is incredible! you really feel the world is in crysis!- 4 Male and 4 Female characters and they add 8 more characters witch they are Left 4 Dead 1 and 2 playable characters!- 4 different types of hand explosives.Cons- The lack of variety of guns.- Story is not a strong point.- Some melees or way to kill zombies without the need of a bullet or explosives would be nice.- Playable Characters do not speak... they do only gestures and point with the hands or head.- IIt is repetitive at some point.- In Co-op you wont get slow motion x-ray kill cam unless you kill 2 or more zombies with a single bullet or kill a skelleton.- The Movements of your characters are a bit slow......................................Sound: 9.0Ambient: 8.5Gameplay: 7.0Graphycs: 9.0Overall: 7.9- I had a fun time playing this game in co-op with my friends."
,Recommended,301640,26364268,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,pbjelly,"If you were into CoD Zombies or L4D1&2 , this is probably one of the best Co-op Zombie games I've played since. The slow cam for critical hits, loads of guns, explosives, zombies, and the HOLY BOOT. The kick is OP af and hilarious!  Very intense game as you progress especially on the highest difficulty is a MUST! Overall GREAT Co-op, bought this game for a STEAL $8.99 while it was on halloween sale! Not sure if it's worth the buy for full price but depending on how much you're into zombie co-op and having a few people to play it ever so often but I recommend it's better to wait for the price to drop or have a big sale, it'll definitely be worth the wait!  If my review isn't helpful, just go on youtube and check the gameplay!"
,Recommended,301640,29421854,Posted: 22 January,all,MEDTOWIN,Can't join public games easily but if you have friends to play with it is a awsome game.
,Recommended,301640,34072090,Posted: 6 August,all,Mayne,Worth it.Bought on sale and I feel like I should have paid more.10/10
,Recommended,301640,32759381,Posted: 24 June,all,Nwood,Played it heaps on ps4 and love the pc port. Would recommend to any sniper elite fan or any zombie shooter fan. Really cheap atm with the summer sale.
,Recommended,301640,14886371,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Prophet Kane farmskins.com,"All I can say is that from the last 2 games, this really hit the nail on the head. For those who never played the first 2 games, buying this game has all 3 campaigns within it. The animations for the enemies as well as the people have changed. Here's some noticable changes I saw that stood out.-Tons of Characters-Left 4 Dead Characters-survivors you can save-missions with other AI players that help in a few places-dismemberment animations improved a lot-death animations now allow the character to explode with the suicide bombers...body parts and all-new voices to the characters in the death animation giving individuality to the characters-new enemies: burning zombies, new bosses like an enemy that spawns more zombies that you must kill fast, another zombie that burns other zombies to make them faster, chainsaw dudes which are hard to defeat, armored zombies and skeletons, etc-more uses of the environment to your advantage to killing enemies- decoys within some maps-more bullet travel animations including killshots to the MG42 bossesThis just all grazes the surface of the crazy improvements here. Now I just need my friends to play along with me to make it more enjoyable. Buy it if you never played. Buy it for discount if you have 1 and 2. But most importantly: BUY IT WITH FRIENDS! Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,301640,14903391,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,zeroxxx,"Update 4/4/2015So Rebellion released a patch few days ago, adding toggle scope. Initial release: broken, so they had to patch it within a day, as to be expected.Progression blockers was listed to be fixed, but I still am experiencing it myself.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=418595920And broken matchmaking is still there...Sad, but I might change this to NOT RECOMMENDED if they don't do anything soon.---Original review below:Is the game fun?Yes it is. Buy it. That's my recommendation.But to be fair, I'd like to say about some glaring problems that the Developer should solve, as it is their responsibilities to us their playerbase.Bad points:1. Glitches everywhere. Progression bug mainly plagues this game. I've personally encountered a door that downright refused to open, forcing us to restart. There's been a report of achievement bug as well (of being unable to find the Bottle object required to get the achievement)2. Terrible AI. Zombies getting stuck or walking on random directions anyone?3. No AI partners when playing Solo.4. Rebellion's slow response. They seem to be so slow releasing patches to fix the game. Not a single patch after 10 days of release or so. They told me to send them a ticket for my problem and they didn't give me a reply. Simply wtf.5. Horrible, terrible, idiotic matchmaking system, locked by regions. In short, if you use top of the line region e.g New York in your Steam download setting, most likely you'll meet other people and can play together. If you use some weirdos' region e.g Indonesia, expect to find zero all the time, as nobody plays or uses this region. Not to mention they require player to set up router to be able to find lobbies. Strict NAT = GG WP no lobby for u.6. No more scope toggle. What kind of madness is this? This is 3rd person shooter game, scope toggle is a must. Read more here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/301640/discussions/0/610574394223205818/7. Can't hug the walls/cover system with simple button press like previous NZA games.8. No anti-cheat for online matches. So you can cheat to your heart's content.9. No workshop. Expect the game to stale fast and once the playerbase leaves, it will be a dead town. For MP aspect that is.Now the good points:1. Promoting teamwork. It's fun when you play with teamwork even with strangers. To survive, you need to help each others, especially when downed. One man down means greater danger for entire team and this game's good at forcing people to help each others. And yes yes, it's uber fun when playing with prearranged team / friends.2. Great Soundtracks. I have to admit, one of NZA's strong points is the soundtrack. In particular, I like Freight Train's OST, very good.3. Horde Mode. While it only has few maps, but finally Rebellion addressed one of major flaw in this series that was often requested by community.4. Unified community. This game stitches together all three episodes (last one is brand new) on Nazi Zombie Army. The original levels from NZA 1 and 2 are present, and we can play together in one unified community.5. Frightening atmosphere and level designs. Dead walking everywhere.6. Good new zombie arts. While it sounds like impossible in reality, a zombie can now wield chainsaw and walking towards you. At the very least it's refreshing to see new types of zombies and they didn't use only the original designs but introducing new ones.7. Combo system. It's for scoring, and it's satisfying to see your scores going up because you successfully pull a great string of shots. Requires practices and good computer, though, as lags pretty much kill this system.8. Achievements! It's something interesting and adds replayability value to the game.9. And of course the sniping mechanic. Probably has the best one out there in terms of Sniper games - aside of their original IP Sniper Elite series.Don't forget if you still have a chance, use the loyalty discount. Game's good, as long as you can tolerate what I wrote about this game's bad points.8/10. Would give better scores if they fix the lingering problems."
,Not Recommended,301640,23409224,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,RazorShader,"I like this game, and I play it a lot. Would I recommend to play it? Yes. But not for the price it's currently store, and not considering what it's advertised to be. Therefore, I don't recommend it as such, hence my verdict here. Many of the points on the negative side of the game as I experience them, have been addressed by me when the developers asked for feedback more than a year ago, but haven't led to any improvements. I do however give them credit for implementing an option to host a public game to the main menu, which is an option others and I requested during the survey.What's goodBesides the fact that the game is about shooting Nazi zombies (both some neat multipliers for game kill justification in my book), I really have to give the creators credit for the way they managed to create the atmosphere (visuals and soundtrack) and make interesting sceneries that make an otherwise repetitive game diverse enough to keep it enjoyable. I also like the character designs.I do not care for the addition of the eight Left 4 Dead characters; I don't use them, their presence doesn't bother me, but they seem out of place and an unnecessary addition.Yes, the gameplay itself is sort of repetitive and the levels are relatively linear, but the level design and various bosses, sceneries and objectives keep it diverse enough to remain enjoyable to me (it might be different for you). Another plus is that I'm usually more the close combat run and gun type of gamer, but this game, being the sniper game it is, managed to get me hooked by the way it combined sniping with finishing off scores of zombies.What's notThe game didn't live up to my expectations of it, being advertised to contain ""remastered"" versions of the first two Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army games. Considering that ""remastered"" usually refers to an increase in quality, I would expect a remaster of a game to be an over-all improvement of the original. This is, however, where Zombie Army Trilogy, falls short for me. The only improvements I really noticed were the addition of dismemberment and a somewhat better performance, but that's about it and does not justify the fact that some aspects managed to get worse and some aspects that needed to be improved didn't get to be. I'll go more into detail about this, but not before I stress the fact that upon its release, the game advertised to have weapon customization, although it didn't and as today still doesn't. On the store page, it's not longer advertised as having this option, though, but it's a fake promise nonetheless.Like I said, the way I see it, some aspects managed to get worse for the first two episodes Zombie Army Trilogy when compared to the first two original games.First of all, either the majority of the zombies got stronger, or the weapons got weaker (especially notable when it comes to the secondary weapons). I don't welcome this aspect and do very much prefer it the way it was in the original game. To compensate for this, the almighty Kick of Death could be made weaker; it currently takes about two kicks to kill a regular zombie and just one to kill a skeleton (or even multiple skeletons at once).Second of all, the jump option is removed for no apparent reason. Uniform diversity is more limited as well, or so it seems.Third of all, aside from the new dismemberment option, the way zombies respond to getting killed got worse. In the first two games, killing a regular zombie when it was spawning, resulted into the zombie being pulled out of the ground, leaving its corpse on the ground to retrieve ammo from. In this so-called ""remastered"" version, the zombie freezes and crumbles into ashes, making it gameplay-wise less rewarding (no pick-ups for you) and to me, visually less entertaining. Retrieving pick-ups also takes slightly longer now, since you need to hold ""E"" (instead of press). Corpses themselves dissolve faster than I remember from the earlier games (once more, no pick-ups for you).The fire zombies have undergone visual improvements, but physically they have not to my liking. They simply dissolve into fiery smoke when hit by anything that inflicts some kind of damage, where they used to respond more like regular zombies, such as dropping on the ground, sometimes resurrecting when not killed by a headshot. In Nazi Zombie Army 2, they used to be a lot faster as well. Now they are more a nuisance than a threat.Other than that, some of the aspects I hoped to be improved in a ""remastered"" version, remained untouched.The way consecutive kills and multi-kills are rewarded, is still a thorn in my side. From my point of view, both are in their current form overvalued, manifesting an unwanted moral hazard in co-operative gameplay.The way the reward for making consecutive kills (or ""combo's"") creates unwanted behavior, becomes most apparent in survival mode (""Horde""). The amount of kills, achieved by consecutive hitting without missing, counts as a multiplier for the points you receive for the kill you just made. If you go for a high score, not breaking your combo is imperative. Since trying to keep up your combo by making headshots with a sniper is way harder than trying so by blasting zombies in the chest with a shotgun from up close, the latter is more rewarding, although there are faster ways to finish them off. It also makes it more attractive to let your teammates handle zombies that are more far away (such as the leaping Nazi snipers) or rely extremely on headshots to go down (such as the ""elites""; the large, machinegun wielding grunts). This becomes most apparent in survival mode, since it's easier to refill your shotgun, due to the rareness of shotgun shells on zombie corpses and secondary weapon ammo boxes in campaign mode.The way multi-kill system  encourages players to use explosives to take down large groups of zombies at once; not to take down the zombies, but receive the huge point reward, thereby making it much harder for the rest of the team to keep up point-wise.I would have liked to see a point system that would reward players based more on the amount of kills and headshots, and less on the amount of multi-kills and lack of misses, but alas.Another aspect that hasn't been improved, is the way melee hits from zombies are registered. This results in zombies dealing damage to you, even though you dodged them (according to what you did and saw). It makes me cringe every time. They will also leap and swing their arms towards you earlier than you'd realistically expect.I furthermore believe the skeletons are and always have been ridiculous. I don't like how they are slower and killed in a single kick in Zombie Army Trilogy, but I personally would like to have them visually improved completely by at least adding some flesh on their joints and some torn up clothing.Furthermore, an in-game server browser would be a nice alternative to the Steam matchmaking system the game is currently using.When it comes to the new episode 3, the game could use some improvement as well. The mist in the Forest of Corpses level results in frame drops and when new players join an in-progress game of Freight Trein of Fear, right before the pre-boarding siege, the siege will in many instances not start, making a restart of the entire level (not just the checkpoint) necessary.ConcludingAltogether I like the game, I still play it a lot, but considering its flaws it being advertised as being a partial ""remaster"" of the original two games, I can't recommend it as such for the current price. My advice: pick it up when it's for sale; in the past it has been for sale for 80% off, which sounds fair enough to me for what you get."
,Not Recommended,301640,23703212,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"First thing I want to say, is thatRebelionhas fixed the bugs and optimisation problems that madeNZAandNZA2unplayable.Zombie Army Trilogyadds one more episode (5 chapters) to the initial content of the previous 2 games (so, in total you get a 15 chapter campaign and 5 horde mode challenges).ZATshines with a wonderful, WW2 period apocalyptic atmosphere. It's gloomy, it's detailed and it's beautiful. It reminds a B-list horror film, which I guess was the intent of the developers. They achieve that with a fantastic level design, attention to detail and high quality graphics. Although, I think they overdid lightning and fog effects at times. The story is minimalistic, but nevertheless helps to sustain the atmosphere and puts everything well together.The weapons are also very detailed, realistic and each with its advantages and disadvantages. Satisfying headshots are guaranteed.Unfortunately, that satisfaction doesn't last long, as it gets repetitive very soon. This game is also incredibly hard and I would even say unbalanced. There are areas where you will be struggling and will die again, again and again. This game allows solo play, but you rather have a friend or two to play it together or a cheat software, otherwise it's impossible on solo.But even, if you manage to survive, it gets boring after a few chapters. It's very repetitive. This fact is slightly masked in the third episode of the game, by featuring side quests and a few different enemies (kind of), but it doesn't help much.If you like games likeLeft 4 DeadandLeft 4 Dead 2, you might also likeZombie Army Trilogy.  For me,L4Dwas ok, I hatedL4D2and I have mixed feeling aboutZAT. I think I'll just avoid the whole zombie horde genre from now on, as I've had mostly bad experience with games in this genre (Dead Islandbeing the worst).But if YOU do like this genre and have friends to play CoOp,ZATmight be worth your time and money (but only with a huge discount).It's hard for me to decide whether to put ""thumbs up"" or ""thumbs down"", but I think I'll give ""thumbs down"", because after all I was bored after the second half of the campaign and the horde mode is even duller.My overall rating: 6/10"
,Recommended,301640,30064182,Posted: 20 February,all,LASTHOPE,Fun and addictive game
76561198074247427,Recommended,301640,24555563,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,XxxMLG_Uncle_FrankXxx666,"From my experience playing this game, well to begin with it was awesome and alittle creepy, not scary it was just creepy and that just made it alittle scary time to time. Well this game has no DLC from what i know of and it is a very rare game to me. Because there is no DLC so, this game is a full game and it was wroth my 40$. Although because this game is out already it is recondmended to get this game on a steam sale. This game is wroth playing mostly solo or with friends. Online players tend to leave after one match. so you can play online for fun or for story. you can etheir do both, but i had played it on solo and it was amazing etheir way. this game is super fun to procastinate and it is a very rememberable game from getting awesome kills and not only that the easter eggs and the story aswell. i recondmend getting this game if you've got nothing to play really. its such a fun game. Gameplay seems but that doesn't make the differents right? i mean same gameplay equals same fun right? :)"
76561197971572930,Recommended,301640,24412800,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Rag1ng L0bster,"First off: Great game (if you get it on sale ;) )!You run, you snipe, you blow stuff (mainly undead nazis, which is always glorious). The leveldesign and atmosphere is quite impressive if you like this kind of setting. There are alot of guns to choose from right from the start and there are 12 characters. When you play it with friends it's a blast!DO IT!"
76561198067815217,Recommended,301640,18095266,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ichiyo_san,Story is stale. I don't even remember any of it and I was playing this game for hours. Wish it had customization or upgradeablity. The awards are boring as well as the game when playing solo.That being said I think this is the best sniper/Coop game I've ever played.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Playing the            LEADERBOARD RANKS           really extended the game but don't bother. Top 10 have less that 10 hours in game and got all their points through cheats. If you somehow break the top 100 there's a glitch that resets all your collective points that I've experience twice.JUST DON'T BOTHER WITH IT.
76561198024378160,Recommended,301640,22858486,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gooman989898,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a decent game.Gampeplay is very similar to sniper elite 3, same graphics, movement attack etc.pros-awesome slow-mo of zombies heads being smashed-excellent sniper physics (hence sniper elite engine)-lots of gameplay hours, additional levels and multiplayerCons-gets quite difficult very early in the game (on med setting)-need a high powered pc to run in high graphics mode-repetitiveOverall not bad for $8 but would be dissapointed if i paid $50 or whatever it is normallyI WILL ADD: i play a lot of fps shooter games and found having to head shot zombies constantly a bit tedious as they sway around from side to side like an old ladies boobs."
,Recommended,301640,34739357,Posted: 4 September,all,CYR4X,Slow motion zombie headshots are the best and the most satisfying thing i have seen in my entire life.
,Recommended,301640,30663439,Posted: 21 March,all,Ad,"Shootin' Zombos is always fun, and a nice stress reliever! I just play single player, not sure if it is difficult to find a party to play with still or not. I'll try it eventually. There is a blue/green hue throughout the game, I guess to add the to ambiance, but I think the game would look a lot better without the blue/green filter. I don't think it can be disabled. You can disable the long-ish intro at least (google to find out how).If you are a fan of the Sniper Elite series, you will most likely enjoy these games as well."
76561197972054287,Recommended,301640,29730928,Posted: 5 February,all,foxxinabox,"Had a lot of fun playing this. Imagine Left 4 Dead back in an alternate WWII and this is what you get. Graphics are good and there are a number of times where you're not sure you're going to make it. The variety of characters, both playable and NPC, is nice and the story is actually pretty decent.The only drawbacks I see with this game are linear storyline and, unlike Sniper Elite, stealth is pretty much tossed out the window. I'm also not sure the reason the Preacher shotgun is tossed out at the end of the level while you're left with whatever other weapons you picked. Probably my biggest problem with the game is lack of optimization where the game suddenly lags for no reason - no problem with Sniper Elite doing this. The sniper-cam is cool but can almost happen too much.Overall, despite the few drawbacks, even the lagging, I'm quite happy I bought this. If you like killing zombies and/or want to experience a different timeline, this is for you. I'm sure my time playing this game will only increase."
,Recommended,301640,33326185,Posted: 6 July,all,ZeRo Coins,"If u like zombies and sniper elite games then this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Theres campaign mode and horde mode both possible in co-op, get it with some friends and u will heave great time. Only negative aspect is that theres no turtorial maby not so big deal for  sniper elite players (not me) but i had to find out some controls, anyway great game (8/10)"
76561198098244574,Recommended,301640,19303891,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,>BB>FaB^verto007,"Authentic mode in this game is just the hardest I think I have ever seen. U can't hide u can only run and shoot their heads off, occasional kick and blowing up rarely placed gas containers might help but accuracy and fast aiming is just essential in this game and essential means essential!"
76561198160341654,Recommended,301640,17634112,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Stefiplier,very nice ! :) very relaxing ! :) i love this game ! :)
,Recommended,301640,18392426,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dante574,"I have played through the entire game just to review this.Pros:+up to 12 characters to chose from.+15 campains that will vary in time if you go solo or with friends.+the use of a rifle brings the difficulty of the game especcially since all the secondary weapons other than the shotgun blows.+Great Atmosphere.+great sound track, feels like  B-rated zombie film from the 80s.Cons:-nothing diffrent from the characters (just another skin add-on).-No voice overs on the character.-Most secondary weapons dont really make much on an effect other than shotgun.-rifles are too similar, besides which clip hold more to zoom diffrence.-game cost too much for 3 campains (5 missions each).I would recomend this mainly because it was fun when i played it, mainly on solo which adds in the difficulty and the pain of the♥♥♥♥♥with elites but i enjoy the challange and if you enjoy a challange with creepy atmosphere this game is meant for you.I would wait until it is on sale for its price normally it is not worth it."
76561198082110477,Recommended,301640,15179676,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Rain 雨 嵐,This is a classic Zombie Shooter that is Super Fun to play with friends!If killing zombies is your thing then you are gonna love this!
,Recommended,301640,23162697,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Defiant Heretic,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third-person zombie shooter, spin-off of the Sniper Elite series. Basically coop based game with story campaign and horde mechanic, last stand. And to be honest, I liked this more than any of Sniper elite games. Graphic is nice, weapons have good feeling, gameplay is plain corridor shooting in the barrel. Three episodes of the campaign, as for ""Trilogy"", are average and quite long but after a while they have repetetive aftertaste. Then comes the horde...++ Coop experience NOT A SINGLEPLAYER+ Killing nazi's is always fun+ Improved remastered graphic from previous versions and SE+ Campaign and little stories behind the line+ Snipers, rifles, explosives are great combination with zombies+ Bloodbath, gore and apocalypse- Getting repetetive really fast- Focus x-ray cams very rare (it's hard to get it working)- Never would have bought separate 1,2,3 - episodes are short on their own- Still occasional glitches and bugs-- Sometimes insufficient numbers of players in matchmaking, no option to just join game or browse (if the game is not found, it goes straight to host your own and since I have upload problems recently it's an issue for me)6,5/10""Go for it on sale or/and if you have friends to play with - otherwise stay away. Nuff said'"
76561197970416486,Recommended,301640,15016083,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cymonic,Tons of fun and still a challenge
,Recommended,301640,21848475,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Idocreating,"If there's one solid reason to recommend a game like this above all else, it's how competantly it runs. It's smooth, it doesn't chug and throw a fit about my setup. It's a sad state of affairs when that's all i need to recommend a game."
,Recommended,301640,25217147,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Trakais,Best nazi zombie game since Minecraft
,Recommended,301640,26426081,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr Hernandez,i like game like this zombie army Trilogy is one of the game i would really play alot unstopped 10/10 it a fun zombie shooter for my first time playing this game i like already i cant wait to kill hilter who with me lol
,Not Recommended,301640,23246795,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,IRONHATEN,"It's very repetitive and got boring fast. It might be fun with friends, but I don't have any... :'("
,Recommended,301640,29405533,Posted: 21 January,all,Slyfox,Better stand alone 3rd person version of zombies from Call of Duty.
,Recommended,301640,15837824,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Thatweirdguy's Hero,"Remastered love story between 4 dudes and 4 chicks to pop some zombie testicles and educate Hitler to shave his mustache , Very gore-  ious indeed .."
,Recommended,301640,22788479,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ryuu,"A fairly decent trilogy, and loads of fun to play with friends. It can be a tad difficult if you try to go el solo, but it's always worth a try. You definitely will get your moneys worth out of this game, and I do give it the ol' Ryuu two thumbs up of approval. d '_' b"
,Recommended,301640,14800386,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,"Awesome game :) All 3 parts. Great for solo, but the best for coop :)"
,Recommended,301640,14760366,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,------------Warning this is not my final verdict on this title-------------What to say about this game?Well to start of the game is the all Three games from this hellish campgain of awesome zombie stomping / mind blownig headshot cams with all the goodies of the new game. 15 Levels of all the zombies you can kill action and it gets better there is a Horde mode for mindless killing to see how far you can go. With the return of 4 of the craziest survivors in this game with some new 4 female character which adds nicely because who likes playing as a muscle bound hulky guy right?In all this title from rebellion is a must own if you want all three games for the price of one AAA title .The dev's are great with putting out the updates to fix the game 1st patched they did fixed my framerate issue thanks dev's and gamers fininshed the 3rd episode and it was awesome all the way throught  reallly recomanded buying this titleUpdate:Finished the third episode now going back throught the whole game so far really nicely done touch ups and over all great fixes to the first episode will update when i'm done agian!!!!~Pros~Music OST is epic and very fitting.=Enemies are a challange and will leave a feeling of dread when surrounded.=Very Brutal Diffuculty=Awesome killcams/ X-ray cams that you will enjoy watching.=Fun Co-Op and solo too=Glitches are funny as hell and not game breaking~Cons~=None so far now- in all the game is a solid title hope this review helps you decide to play this great game!!!
76561198155397337,Recommended,301640,21013403,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,私を殺して,I fought off a horde of zombies with my legs. 11/10 would Jackie Chan kick a zombie again.
76561198057269566,Recommended,301640,14776807,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,jwb1971,Just played a few hours and I can already see the difference! Much smoother animations; zombies stumble forward even when their heads are blown off; better kill-cam. I can't wait to try Horde Mode with some friends and see the 3rd campaign. Gonna have a lot of fun with this one!
,Recommended,301640,14764338,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,blessthefall,It is optimized
,Recommended,301640,14801261,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Skins but no Skill,You want to kill a Nazizombie with a Ballshot in X-Ray vision? Look no further. Perfect game for you.11/10
76561198150304628,Not Recommended,301640,17682103,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Snakebeard,"I wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't get into it. Insanely repetitive, it gets boring very quickly. There are two game modes; horde and campaign. Both feel mostly the same with the only difference being that the campaign has very simple objectives. Basically get from point A to point B, killing all enemies to progress. The maps are very linear and simple. I can't imagine playing more than one play through of the three campaigns. The weapons aren't the most balanced (revolver and shotgun are clearly op) or the most varied. The game runs fine most of the time, however, I personally experienced significant lag in full matches whenever the carnage was high. This game feels like a watered down COD zombies with less variability than Left 4 Dead. If you are really into zombie horde games you might find some enjoyment here because it is by no means a terrible game, just suffers from a very low replay value. If you do plan on buying this game, get it on sale because it is not worth $44.99."
76561198039284216,Recommended,301640,18075073,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SKeLeToN,Better than 1 and 2 but have a lot bug and no players:/-Characters good-Graphi good-story is long-horde mode oke10/8
76561198027762336,Recommended,301640,27488400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bostjan,Very fun B-movie styled game where you shoot nazi zombies. Excellent coop.
76561198106454141,Recommended,301640,16370154,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Riddler,headshots feel so good
,Recommended,301640,22866939,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,∂αяк (Dark),i recommend this game to ALL the people who love left for dead and some gore!
,Recommended,301640,15156441,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zuleru,"I really enjoy this game but expect to play solo or with friends only because the quick match feature for campaign and horde modes appear to be broken (or absolutely no one is playing it??? I doubt that) Hopefully it'll be fixed soon. Fun game though, love the zombies, really scary looking. It's kind of like if L4d was in ww2. And Nazi zombie snipers pinning you down is frightning but not as bad as the ones with mini guns."
,Recommended,301640,17637518,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hollapeno,"One of my favorite zombie shooters, now featuring the entire L4D cast. There is no reason not to pick this up."
,Recommended,301640,22871002,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,charlesberg,"um, weirdest story-line I've ever done.better with friends.--quite a few players seem to do ""text acting"" or something of that nature, to add to the immersion. I thought it was a little silly at first but after you notice some repetitive elements it sort of distracts away from that.p.s. it's none of that ""sits down beside the log"" it's more. ""Hey, I saw something over there, I'm going to check it out."""
,Recommended,301640,23775208,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Spooky Celsius,"It's most definetly not worth the defualt price, especially if you don't have any buddies to play it with.But if it goes on sale for cheap (like 9 bucks or less) go ahead and pick it up!"
,Recommended,301640,23694285,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Graffstar,One of the most satisfying 3rd shooter gunplay ever created.  The Satisfaction of the headshots never ends regardless of the number of head♥♥♥♥♥ you get.Pros : Really good 3rd shooter gameplay.. . . . . Remastered maps with utter detail.. . . . . World war era setti g adds to the creepinessCons : The gameplay may get repetitive after a few hours of gameplay but nevertgeless doesn't account to complete borenessP. S.  Already played the original NZA parts but the remaster is defubately worth playing.  Would recommend 10/10.  Great job Rebellion.
76561197972445514,Recommended,301640,21064473,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Hellbishop,ZOMBIE ARMY TRILOGY a nightmare journey into a gorefest of undescribable annihilation. Shudder and gasp in horrified astonishment as cold machine precision kill cams deliver a lesson in anatomy lobotomy as brain matter and skull fragments fly into the furnace burning air as you fire shot after shot against the eternally damned armies of the horrific Third Reich.Feel your heart beat uncontrollably in overpowering fear as graphics soaked in blood so thick and smooth it is as a second skin a BLOOD SKIN! displaying ghoulish excellence never before seen in a game of this unnatural rotting corpse like character.Watch as your hands shake and distort in arthritic agony as you struggle to prevent them from ripping your eyes out from the nauseating atmosphere of pure desecration slamming into them over and over like a homicidal maniac smashing into the door of your senses.See your mind SCREAM!!! for the escape of silence as infernal sounds of the ZOMBIE ARMY TRILOGY tear and rip at the very nerve of your ears raw with pain reeling audio from the depths of tartaros. Watch as your thoughts grow unhinged collapsing in demented disconnected gibberish as a smile insane possesses your lips while unearthly music crafted by some diabolical archfiend devours the air all about you.Pull at your hair trying to hold on to your sanity as you view a world ravaged and disemboweled by the abominations of the ZOMBIE ARMY TRILOGY. A world enhanced and ressurected to snare you in its nightmarish beauty where even death is no escape.ZOMBIE ARMY TRILOGY give up all hope ye who enter here.
,Recommended,301640,18794880,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,blank,шедевро
,Recommended,301640,22965957,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tamaster,"Rating 7/10 - Good===Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ Very fun in co-op with some friends+ Tons and tons of zombies to kill+ Good level design+ Good graphics and atmosphere+ Horde mode is a nice addition+ Nice variety of weapons and equipment+ The final mission is insanely difficult+ SUPA KICKA- Cons -- Kicks are ridiculously overpowered, i mean Dark Messiah level overpowered- Overall, game is not very challenging even on maximum difficulty (save for the last mission)- Revive system of teammates is kinda bugged- Static machineguns are way overpowered, do not reload, have infinite ammo and never overheat (!)- Grenades can wipe entire masses of zombies and are very common to find- Certain special enemies have ""damage delay"" system. Basically, you can do only a certain amount of damage to those enemies in a set amount of time, then for some time they will be invulnerable to any damage. This means they cannot be killed by placing lots of explosives in one place and take a lot of time to die.===Well, i think this game is very good for those who want something funny to play with friends. On single player it's kinda boring. Kinda repetitive, basically go on, kill mountains of zombies, repeat. But in a funny way that will not get you bored.Campaign is long enough, but not hard enough. Horde mode is brutal tho and is nice.It's fun, if it goes on sale buy it, tell some friends to do that too and you are good to go."
,Recommended,301640,22875275,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gamer Genge,"Love this game, too bad i dont have any friends to play with"
,Recommended,301640,24032516,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,nuaimi,"okay first off this game is really hard to understand because you don't understand that its really that simple shoot kill progress so that made me thinking wait is that all to the game but as i played through 4 waves in horde mode, things started getting harder and harder more zombies started appearing, suddenly i am like wait.... are these different type of zombies... few more waves i get it, i finally understood how fun the game is then i die but i die trying my best which gets me sucked into the game. its a really good co op game when you play with your friends, its a survival game you do what ever to kill zombies, ammo are basically every where you can search corpses to find ammo go to safe zones or look for a box with unlimited ammo. i recommend starting off with the campign mode and not horde mode if you want to know how fun the game is and no not for the plot idk about the plot but campign mode is really good you can skip the plot, the good thing about campign is mainly because it has objectives and its not endless and is probably more fun in my opinions then horde mode."
,Recommended,301640,21135759,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,yes!
,Recommended,301640,24978288,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Miku,"""Zombie Touching Simulator Trilogy!""Touch a zombieTouch a half-body zombieTouch a big♥♥♥♥♥zombieTouch a blind zombieTouch a headless zombieBut you can't touch a zombie hitler!? Wtf!?12/10Would want to touch hitler's Booty <3"
76561198263350557,Recommended,301640,23147797,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Bobba_fat_(SWE),"When I first started to play ZAT I was so psyched about it. It just seemed so awesome and it had gotten so awesome reviews. I thought this game was going to be just like Left for dead 2 but with some elements of sniping and tactics, and a bit heavier emphasis on the solo mode, and that would be a really cool thing. Right?I mean graphics are absolutley awesome and the sound in the game is just OMG amazing, honestly, it still scares the living bejeezus of out me everytime I play it, I can hear voices, even after finishing playing it, I can hear the voices in my own house. (Damn you game for making me paraniod and making me turn on a song with Spice Girls to calm my nerves).Honestly initially this game is one of the scariest games I have ever played, the game seems like to be the total horror package.That is until you play for about two or three hours or so and suddenly the game stops being about horror and more about sniping and then some more sniping and then some more... oh sneaky smart one, yes you guessed it... Sniping.(Mind you that I haven't played the other Sniper Elite games which this ZAT is based on, so this review is solely based on my impressions of this game only.)With that said, this game if you can snag it off a 75% discount is most likely worth it, but only playable for a short amount of time as it gets repetetive real quick and you start to get bored with the game and you may start to think about other things you have to do whilst playing ZAT, thoughts such as what you are going to make for dinner tonight, and if you forgot when you booked the washroom if it was for tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.And this ladies and gentlemen, is the issues I have with ZAT. It's not lack of story but the excessive amount of sniping all the time, it turns to be just a gimmick (a cool one nonetheless) and without that creepy feeling in the back of your neck that you may die at any given moment, takes away alot of the elements that this game had you going on for, initially.So with that said, go ahead, buy the game, play online with some friends and snipe away for all your dollars worth but just don't say that I didn't warn you."
,Recommended,301640,29912882,Posted: 13 February,all,TheNutCracker,i always enjoyed COD zombies but after a while circling around the same few maps can get very repetitive. i like that it's a max of 4 players and the game runs very smoothly and it's a all in all a really good game!
,Recommended,301640,22847242,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Avoider74,Great game! Got it at 80% sale.Solo: The zombie sound come from no whare! Man this is so scare to move!Multiplayer: You call this a horror game?
76561198073470113,Recommended,301640,27128181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ℟ọȿє,"I recommend this game if you are a big fan of Left4dead. Better maps and better characters, but the old ones is still available. This is much more fun! =)"
76561198051154557,Recommended,301640,22860674,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Naksu64,"Truly one of the best zombie shooters I've ever played.WW2 themed games with zombies become horrific in a good way.In the first mission at some point there will be zombie snipers. The first time i saw zombies armed with sniper rifles it gave me a lot of thrill. I was like: ""What's that flash in the tower?"" I suddenly realised that i was being shot and immediately took cover behind the gravestone. After I peeked behind the tombstone I scoped at the enemy and fired extremely well aimed shot right into his head. There was another one in the next tower, he ended up in the same fate.I really liked the X-ray killcam and the Left 4 Dead Characters who also convinced me to buy this game. (During the sales of course)"
,Recommended,301640,34834826,Posted: 9 September,all,[DGR] Hunter,"would recommend this game if you have friends to play with, otherwise gtfoPROs:~graphics are amazing and really gets you into the atmospher of the game even at low graphics it's still great~playing with friends is really fun and intense~the zombies are well designed and the screaming really gives you that good spook~gameplay and handling is smooth and good wouldnt say much about it~the cam shots are really a well done 100% makes you feel like a sniper though you hit the damn zombie from 50 meters awayi have not play the game much but it's enough to make a review about it i guessCONs:~the servers of the game are more empty than my balls after watching buko no pico it would be hard to find a game~the machine guns are S H I T you cant hit a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if it was right infront of you~the zombie holding a machine gun is op (if it was 2 or 1 player)~i'm a b itch i go after small details idk why many mistakes here and there~shotgun is♥♥♥♥♥♥too~i wanna dieOVERALL:is gud"
,Recommended,301640,34753801,Posted: 5 September,all,draggon,"Honestly, game is great overall. Won't be stating any pros, as they are most likely going to spoil the game, but generally, the graphics look good, and nothing else more I will say. Have to say though, not really worth the price if you're going to play alone, unless during a sale then that should be fine. Let's just jump straight to the cons.Cons:-Certain mechanics operate poorly (e.g. running[the sensitivity when you are sprinting, honestly can't see where the f*ck I'm running sometimes], shaky screens)-Again, shaky screens. My friends have claimed that they get dizzy after playing this game for a period of time, because of all the shakiness this game provides. But I think this is just a personal problem, as I myself, do not have such issues. Worst thing is, literally ALL the people who paid up to get the 4-pack with me(during a -80% sale, totally worth it) were having signs of dizzyness while playing this game.Quoted directly from a friend, -""The screen is shaking too much, it's weird, like everything is just shaking. It makes the game blurry and my eyes start to strain after playing this game for a while. I WANNA VOMIT.""-Aiming is really clear and easy, but apparently CS:GO will very rarely decide to take over Zombie Army Trilogy.For those who don't understand, in CS:GO, when you aim and shoot at an enemy(even when you're standing still), the bullet you shot directly at the guy somehow ends up on the wall behind the enemy. I'm sure that explains enough.-SFX(Zombies growling, basically effect sounds) is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too loud.Yes, I know you can tweak the audio settings, just stating this as a con so new players(although it's already a 2 year old game)can tweak it before entering the game and getting ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ <-Not sure if they're gonna censor this word(R4P3D)Anyways, that concludes my sheetty review on the game 'Zombie Army Trilogy'. Here's a summary of all the marks I'm gonna give this game:Story - What story?/10 (6/10)Graphics - 8/10 (for a 2015 game)Mechanics - 7/10Variety of everything - 8.5/10Replayability - 6/10 (if you have no friends); 9/10(with friends)Amazingness - 7.7/10Therefore, overall score-7.45/10."
76561198267152804,Recommended,301640,26565614,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Killer No.91 ™,this game is great . Graphic and game paly is nicebut its very hard to find player for coop9/10
,Recommended,301640,17927660,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nothe.less,"i kick the zombies, they lost their headHere my ReviewGraphic : Detailed model and AtmosphereGameplay : Almost same with another sniper elite series, but you fight a horde of zombiesReplayable : Only in co-op mode, since Random person can make the game harder/easierStoryline : you are the hero that save the world from nightmareI never thought kill zombies with sniper would this good."
76561198103151310,Recommended,301640,17637360,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,yfranky,"good game, sniping, moving, agility, gunning, manuver all mix together"
76561198014621099,Recommended,301640,20097343,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DW2054,"Having played the Zombie Army franchise since game one...This game is a wonderful.  This edition takes the storyline to completion in a way that the last game was missing.  Here you feel like you ""finished off"" the evil.My biggest gripe...Now what game am I game to play to have the kick♥♥♥♥♥bullet physics against zombie (Rebellion please create a new Zombie Sniper Game - Modern Day?).Excellent - Get this game!"
76561198163858389,Recommended,301640,23021840,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,︻气BLaCK-PULsE︻デ═─,"AWESOME but might i suggest yu that yu shuld have friends who play this game to play co op otherwise this game is #&*$ cause its really difficult.Other than that good graphics, no bugs and a really nice tps and in the horde mode get ready to be surprised after wave 3 or so..........10/10"
,Recommended,301640,23617351,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Larexus,"Amazing looking game with an awesome dark setting. It has some of the most satisfying headshot kills in any game, although the bullet cam can get a little annoying at times during intense situations, good thing you can speed it up if needed :). This game includes the previous 2 Nazi Zombie army games remastered as well as the new 3rd game in the series, making the price actually pretty reasonable for what you get. The weapons are all based around World War 2, giving you that satisfying bolt action gameplay a lot of people are looking for nowadays. You can play the entire campaign online, with friends of randoms. Their is also a Horde style mode that you can take on as well solo or with others. The game has a very much left for dead kind of feel to it, but does it in their own way taht really sets it apart.Game Showcase-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZ3ZC4EItP4"
,Recommended,301640,19351916,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,yodiggitychaos,nazi zombies what more can you ask for
,Recommended,301640,18011261,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,suʍop ǝpᴉsdn,"Ive had this game installed for 2 weeks and have not touched it until now, worst mistake of my life! its so amazingly fun, your an idiot not to try this game. Even single player is fun."
,Recommended,301640,17974631,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ghis,"Take your time with your sniper, a deep breath and shoot heads of zombies ! And nothing else, or you will regret it ! :)The story is a big joke but it's also funny, and take pleasure to finally find this damned HitlerIf you like shoot zombies, So I think you'll like Zombie Army Trilogy !Prenez votre temps avec votre sniper, une grande inspiration et tirez les têtes des zombies ! Pas autre chose, ou vous le regretterez ! :)L'histoire est une grosse blague mais marrant à la fois, et prendre le plaisir de trouvez au bout du chemin ce foutu HitlerSi vous aimez tirés sur des zombies, je pense donc que vous aimerez Zombie Army Trilogy !"
,Recommended,301640,22830231,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,artayd2,"Zombies are much creepier in how they look and move than most other games featuring the undead that I have played, fun w/ 3 others in coop"
76561198171485690,Recommended,301640,18015040,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,[RadRes]{503HBP}Snow|Leopard,"one of the best zombie games i have played. first off you get remastered versions of zombie army 1 and 2, but you get a 3rd campaign which adds more gore and thrill to it espeacially the chainsaw elite.all in all i think it is worth the money!"
76561198008198805,Recommended,301640,23084978,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Joachim,"Great zombie game. A lot of fun,sniping zombies or blowing them up. Great feature is the X-ray kill cam wich is perfect for capturing beautiful bloody screenshots."
76561198002639946,Recommended,301640,25524383,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Doug S - NJ,Enjoyed the game. I played on marksman level and had some trouble completing a cpl of the late maps. Very challenging.3rd person shooter... Linear... Mostly slow moving Zombies... Head shots in slow motion... very cool...Overall 7 of 10...
,Recommended,301640,15018448,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Terminal Meltdown,Excellent game.
,Recommended,301640,20597512,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Amor ♀ GodDeSs,I can't believe out of all my friends there's only 4 who have this game. FYI ur missing out !!!
,Recommended,301640,30782620,Posted: 27 March,all,Mr. Bean Survived Apocalypse,One time playing fun game with friends..... cant be play same repeatative missions. only buy it in good discount.
,Recommended,301640,17955382,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Busverpasser,"I bought this game because I really enjoyed playing Sniper Elite V2 and 3. So my expectation was quite high when I started playing this. In the beginning, I was a little surprised that the gameplay does actually differ quite a bit from Sniper Elite. Instead of focusing on stealth, you need to kill Zombies pretty fast here. This makes the other weapons way more important than they were in the sniper series where I never used any with the exception of the silenced gun. Even the kicks are required here which adds to the variety of combat behavior.Enemy variety is pretty decent as well. Yesterday I met the summoners and really enjoyed the work when I saw how they hold their head all the time as if they were in pain -> headache relief is a great name for an achievement in this context :D. I haven't tried out the multiplayer yet but all the fun is definitely worth the asking price from my point of view even though you will recognize all maps/buildings from the Sniper games. It's a great game and hope to see more of it in the future!"
76561198213119083,Recommended,301640,19288918,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Weeaboo Jones0-0,"One of the best zombie games i have tried. The game also features a free update with the characters from left 4 dead which is also a cool thing because  left 4 dead is also a pretty good game. The game is a little buggy when it comes to respawns at checkpoints, but If you like zombie games then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,301640,16209205,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Cataclysm,"This is one of the best co-op games i have ever played.  One of my besties (El Dude) gifted this to me and we are obsessed with this game and trying to out-do each other. The graphics are amazing and the controls are fluid.  The Sniper Elite setting is crazy challenging but oh so satisfying.  Everything about this games screams fun, fun, fun and the kill shot cam is fantastic.  Great as a solo play but much more fun with friends.  If you own one and two get this anyway because the newer versions run much better and the detail on the graphics will astound you.  Very well worth it!"
,Recommended,301640,17644636,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Craftian,"You're going to be dropped into a game and you're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only...killin' Nazis.Say Auf Wiedersehen to mediocre ""survival horror"" and hello to some of the best co-op avaliable and zombie-themed madness ever created.Zombie Army Trilogyis an absolute blast, whether you're with friends or going solo. Naturally, with the similarities, you'll think of a certain Valve series to play instead but as a long-time player of theLeft 4 Deadseries, I'm quite happy to say that this achieves and even passes it. But hey, with the latest update, you can now get the best of both.The influence of schlock cinema and directors such as Tarantino, Carpenter and Rodriguez and old school, B-grade films is great to see and, similar to Killing Floor, the game often doesn't itself too seriously. But how does the game actually work, I hear you ask?You play as one of four survivors or, if you have no Steam friends who have it, all alone, and are dropped straight into the action at the end of World War II. Unfortunately, the War and Nazi dictatorships aren't the only thing ending as the world has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥in usual (and glorious) grindhouse style. Just like real-life, the Fascists can't handle defeat and after some Occult hijinks and a certain undead nightmare, it's up to you and your buddies to put them back in their place. Again. Campaigns are structed in terms of your team of survivors going through a series of levels, each split with a safe room between the carnage and each episode, usually finishing with a boss fight or hold-out. I won't spoil the narrative of any of the three, (not that it does aBioShock Infiniteor anything like that), but what sets it apart from a certain other is thatZombie Army Trilogyhas a campaign that is less obscure and with more interesting characters, (along with the difference of third-person perspective obviously.) Not to mention killer gameplay to boot.Brilliant sound, level and character design along with a good soundtrack and polished interface and gameplay each shine in their own right but it is the magnificent and highly detailed gore system that will really draw you in. Similar to the reboots ofMortal Kombatand Bethesda's V.A.T.S. in theFalloutseries, the mechanic from Rebellion'sSniper Eliteseries makes a welcome return into true gratuitious and satisfying style. As a result, gameplay focuses on the use of rifles and headshots, but a wide array of weapons and explosives with an easy-to-use interface and loadout system streamlines the game without simplifying it to the point of boredom and you'll be a master of your guns in no time.Seperate to the campaign is the survival-like Horde feature, which is exactly what it sounds like. Good, just not mind-blowing."
,Recommended,301640,19320697,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,Bought because I saw MrSark play it.Stayed for the epic gameplay.
,Recommended,301640,14920127,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Erik Rommel,"Episode 3 is by far the best Nazi Zombie Army episode. More types of enemies, better graphics, better effects, new multiplayer modes. Better everything.9/10"
76561197992054913,Not Recommended,301640,15910659,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Fodder,"I played the first two games through and headed into the third. Buggy throughout, but okay. The first two were quite well-conceived, with some really well thought-out scenarios to exercise your sniper skills with plenty of difficulty to make it very interesting. Then I headed into the third game of the trilogy. I'm now well into it....The third game is WAY TOO MUCH close-quarter combat against absurd quantities of zeds, and where you are NOT a ""sniper"" in any sense that matters.The third game just went the LAZY route to ""offer"" entirely artificial difficulty rather than to craft really interesting scenarios in which, as a SNIPER, you must use SNIPER skills to clear out the zeds (as the first two of the trilogy did).If you want a close-quarters game, you want KF2, which is MUCH better conceived and executed than ZAT is for that style of play. I mean MUCH better! And even being early access, KF2 is a more solid, less buggy game than is ZAT. Progress bugs in ZAT? In this ""mature"" of a game? Really?And ZAT's approach to close-quarters combat in the third game of the trilogy is just downright STUPID.Really, having played the first two games in the ""trilogy"" through, I'm finding the third one to be a HUGE disappointment and do NOT recommend it. If you enjoyed the play style in the first two, the third is NOT IT!EVERY level involves a LOT of close-quarters combat where you are artificially hemmed in and then mobbed. You have 24 shots in a shotgun, and it's not enough. Not nearly enough!The sniper rifle is almost useless because you can't see anything so up-close when you are scoped. Your pistol had better be the Webley, but it doesn't have NEAR enough ammo.So, you have two actual close-quarters weapons with not NEARLY enough ammo, and your sniper rifle is horribly hampered by lack of range. So, level after level, it is ARTIFICIAL difficulty and not a SNIPER game at all (like the first two games were).Either wait until game three is offered on its own for like $8 or less, or wait until the entire ZAT drops to like $15 or at most $20 (that value really being in the first two games of the set).If you already own the first two, DON'T bother buying until they are virtually giving either the third game or the whole set away. The third game of the trilogy is close-quarters, artificial difficulty and really nothing like the first two. Rebellion got LAZY with the third, and they clearly just repackaged the ""trilogy"" to fire up the ol' cash cow again.I am REALLY put off by Rebellion's handling of this whole thing, especially now that I see HOW much they took the easy, LAZY route on the third game just so that they could ""repackage"" a ""bundle"" to crank out more cash. This will be my last Rebellion purchase ever.I had never played the first two, so I don't feel entirely ripped off. But anybody buying the ""trilogy"" after owning the first two got RIPPED OFF by Rebellion. Well, actually, at the $45, so did I.So, WAIT until they are virtually giving this ""trilogy"" away, and then enjoy the remastered first two. Then, completely change your expectations as you head into the third, because it is NOT a sniper game anymore. If you could somehow get rid of the sniper rifle in exchange for some high-ammo-capacity close-quarters primary weapon, you WOULD. The sniper rifle is that useless by comparison to a good shotty with enough ammo for it."
76561198021288231,Recommended,301640,32874806,Posted: 27 June,all,Stazz,Heads explode..10/10
76561198206614076,Recommended,301640,14781061,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Cheetah,"This game is Nazi Zombi 1 & 2 and then the new third chapter. Game runs much better but you still get the feeling it could run better than it does. I've played a couple of online games and did not get that many headshots. Either the hit boxes are off or the lag meant I was missing all the time, either that or I cant shoot. Anyway, because of this I have found it fairly boring. I do not feel the satisfaction I did when I played the first two. Bullet cam does not seem to exist on co-op although I have not messed with the settings so I can probably increase this. Close combat also seems to be much worse than in previous versions.There will probably be a patch to address most issues, and I still recommend this game as it can be fun. I just find it boring at the moment so wont play until it's patched."
,Recommended,301640,15082282,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,๖ۣۜSpectral ๖ۣۜKnight,Amazing zombie coop game!
76561197984105811,Recommended,301640,15028417,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,--The--DB--,Best zombie trilogy game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,17650519,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Urah,"Highly improved, very gore, and real fun!Fascists and zombies are the same."
,Not Recommended,301640,18401225,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,D_R__R_O_B_O_T_N_I_K,"It's not worth it unless its on sale. Even with content from all three games they're not distinctive and it getts boring and a chore to play on solo. If your hoping to be able to play with people who have the first and second game, prepare to have your hopes crushed. As this game is NOT COMPATABLE with Nazi Army 1 and 2."
,Not Recommended,301640,17882182,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Unclekulikov,I would not recommend this game.Pros:- Sniper simulation is engaging- Visuals are slickCons:- The campaign missions are long and don't save progress within an episode. Each one takes about an hour to complete.-The campaign is boring. The whole first episode introduces all enemy types in the first of six episodes.-The horde mode only has 5 maps across 3 games. This isn't enough maps to play on.-The game's mechanics make it so that you rarely use the sniper simulation (bullet drop happens at distances further than you tend to engage zombies at)-The lack of stealth makes sniping at range an unlikely event.-The price I paid ($15) is too much for the amount and quality of content provided. More maps for horde would rectify this.Bottom line:I got more value out of Killing Floor.
,Recommended,301640,16212095,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,mooz,"A sniper's paradise game, with not only the bonus of killing zombies for the zombie fetishers, but also the bonus of killing pathetic nazi scum for, well, every intelligent person alive. Absolutely enjoyable beyond belief, and definitely recommended for Left 4 Dead 2, Killing Floor, Dead Island, etc. fans.Update: The addition of all 8 characters from Left 4 Dead 1 & 2 is a pointless bonus, but cool nonetheless. :)"
76561198222385276,Recommended,301640,18831574,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Doublee (EE),Great game!  Great price on sale.............I'm hooked..............
,Recommended,301640,22089211,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Scrotal Enhancement,"I would 1000% recommend this game. I loved the Sniper Elite games. Imagine that, and not having to be stealthy or as slow-moving. This game is the most fun FPS I've ever played. Have recently been playing Borderlands 2, PAYDAY 2, Sniper Elite (2/3), and Wolfenstein: New Order/Old Blood. If you like those games, this is right in your wheelhouse. This one beats them all."
,Recommended,301640,22061555,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Clembassador,"This game is incredibly fun, I like that it kind of has two difficulty modes; the ability to adjust the skill the game requires, and/or the amount of zombies you're up against."
76561198295758661,Recommended,301640,22895946,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Thepredator,good game
76561198282298840,Recommended,301640,22873679,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Use Lotion Dude,Just a great game !!!! Great graphics also !!!
76561197960302047,Recommended,301640,22858399,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,TheLastOttoman,"Gameplay is solid, so are the grapics. Continously headshotting zombies need skill. They might walk slow but their erradic head movements make it a tad difficult. One of the best things the game has is the admosphere, complimented by some good music... omg the music, so good.Downsides are the zombie varieties, its lackluster. Ammo for the secondary weapons are scarse. The pricetag is to much, buy the game on sale."
76561198219932543,Recommended,301640,22849644,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Alice,"I was in two minds whether to buy this game, but it was rumoured to be like Left 4 Dead so I took the plunge, and I’m glad I did.First of all, I love the creepy and solemn environments of this game, really well thought out locations, I think a horror films or games, lives or dies by its back drops.I found the shooting solid, and loads of characters to pick from including the cast from Left 4 Dead.Lovely pick up and play feel to the game.It’s a nice game for your library."
76561198095249095,Recommended,301640,21132985,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Aricvol,Great game just wish they had Muzzle Velocity charts for the sniper rifles as well as magnification of the scope instead of just high zoom low muzzle velocity. Thanks for putting it on sale!
76561197980883260,Recommended,301640,15144987,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Swomp.e,"""Everything you would expect and more with this ""Sniper Elite: Nazi zombie franchise""I'll be honest, the game is pricey and only worth the full buck if you love zombies and co-op games. I'll admit there can be more weapons and maybe change some of the objective styles up?Other than that, this game is fun and addictive but always better with co-op. Friends don't let friends kill zombies alone!The soundtrack is just anything you would expect from the best zombie classics like ""Day of the Dead"".  There is 80's like synths that bring nastalgic ""goosebumps"".8/10 for me..  That is 8 nazi scalps out of ten!"
,Recommended,301640,15488576,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Duckodile,I threw hitler into a flaming pit and now The sound of chainsaws makes me weep uncontrollably 10/10
76561198076331843,Recommended,301640,20694528,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,xsolar47,Blowing the scalps off nazi zombies. Enough said.
76561198096653274,Recommended,301640,15426066,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,self-denial abstinence faggot,"I was beating myself ferociously until one of the big ones smashed down the wall beside me, my pigeon white sauce went all over my keyboard and mouse. I travelled back to my swamp and cried in my sleep, the next day I used the same keyboard and mouse from later that night and played some call of duty. I was the best call of duty  player in the globe because of the powers hidden within my keyboard and mouse. IGN gave me a visit and i told them this is my swamp and they left. It was all thanks to this game because of the dead corpses i was beating myself to that my euphoria levels are through the dungeons and dragons.I'm currently rich and i have sponsered Kleenex for their great work"
76561198054764368,Recommended,301640,14799054,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mr Bones,"A rare example of a good co-op game, story is as you'd expect from a zombie game but overall the gameplay is very good. The ending was a bit meh and a bit too easy i felt. If you've got a mate then play it, you'll have a blast but if you wanna play it solo i'd suggest some of the other zombie games Dead Rising Ect... Putting Hitler in the game really wasn't the best idea, i expected something much grander and it could have been something amazing for us WW2 junkies. but no, they went a bit over the top with him."
76561198281525431,Recommended,301640,22973461,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dandlyons64,Zombie Army Trilogy is a fun cooperative game. My friends and I have played through most of the chapters.  We encountered a bug or two which required us to restart. But this was rare.  I just wish their were more scenarios.
,Recommended,301640,23077568,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,BSB,This game really gets my blood pressure up and my mind panicky.
,Recommended,301640,24309109,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[S.W] Bykeяz-KSA™,Nice game
,Recommended,301640,22885135,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dave Wanders,"Very nice game, made to play with friends not solo."
,Recommended,301640,22858459,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki,"The soundtrack & zombie moaning make he solo playthrough somewhat intensed (e.g. I think of nothing except how to make the best use of my surroundings & best engage distance)Playthrough is quite lenient (good for myself IMO, maybe don't suits you)1 mission at a time brother...I can't take more than 1 mission (I have to take a break after that)"
76561198036943222,Recommended,301640,15406042,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Piggo,Shot more balls than the West Boro Baptist Church's annual School shooting!
,Recommended,301640,14857686,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SO|-||_O,"The trilogy has the levels of the 1st and 2nd, and also some new levels haven't seen before. Controls are the same but the UI has improved, and also the game runs much smoother while delivering better graphics as well. Kudos Rebellion."
76561198037642186,Recommended,301640,15119243,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jessica Rushie,"So far i really like it... But i have not been able to finnish a single level because the ♥♥♥♥ing steam servers keep loosing connection, even though the person i am playing with is right next to me on a GigASec LAN.Why the ♥♥♥♥ can't i play it in LAN mode?Next time i play, if i can't even finnish one level in another 2 hours because the crappy steam servers, then it's getting a Not-Recomend from me even though it is a really good game."
76561198053709304,Recommended,301640,16472923,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TankR_89,Zombie army trlogy is a great graphical game but its a hastel to deal with the check point system because say if the game crashes you have to retart the 30 min portion back at the start. but other then that the game is amazing and i have to say me and my friends love playing it together
,Recommended,301640,16023858,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Koi-heim <˚)))><,"For those who played zombie army 1 and 2, its basically the same zombies... WITH CHAINSAW AND ARMOUR ZOMBIES AND SKELETONS. And the same 4 male characters NOW WITH 4 NEW FEMALE CHARACTERS, who seemingly can read each others mind without having to talk.I love the extra interactions, the extra voices, and the ability to stomp zombies down, unlike 1 and 2. The zombies are also more realistic in a sense that they'll crawl even if you thought you have shot their legs and they died (I got knocked out a few times because of this).Like always, it gets a little repetitive, since trilogy is just a remastered version of 1 and 2, with the third campaign. You'll be fighting the same fight in the remastered versions, but the third campaign is the one I really enjoyed playing, and it is a lot more difficult than the first two campaigns.Overall good game. I just wish the characters can interact more with each other."
,Recommended,301640,29974468,Posted: 16 February,all,[AP] Will,"The Nazis have come back as zombies led by sentient zombie Hitler and you (and preferably some friends) must gun them all down with sniper rifles, and occasionally shotguns/SMGs/pistols/etc.Lots of interesting and detailed enemy types, from your standard Wehrmacht shambler to armored spooky skeletons to chainsaw-wielding SS soldiers. There's a lot of them so it might get a bit repetitive after a while: it's designed to be played co-op and whilst difficulty does scale down in solo play there is a certain something missing by playing alone.Maps are pretty immersive and expansive, from secluded and foggy forests to the ruined heart of Berlin. Since this is a trilogy combining multiple releases, the chapters get more advanced and in-depth as you go along and you can see the jump between the games, although it's worth noting that all of the maps have been remastered in the new engine and have additional features so it's worth playing through them again even if you've played the standalone first or second chapters (the third chapter is new for everyone though, as it's exclusive to the trilogy- and is arguably the best with a lot more story elements).Sniping mechanics are obviously the highlight of any Sniper Elite game, and it doesn't disappoint- you have to consider aspects such as distance and elevation when shooting unless you're playing on the easiest difficulty where the bullet simply goes wherever the crosshair is. Even though there's a lack of stealth in the zombie games (something that it's often criticised for) there's still plenty of tactical sniping positions and you're forced to utilise them in order to deal with giant hordes that you stumble across (not to mention when you're fighting zombie snipers- yes, some can use weapons).Honestly it's a game that's best-played with mates in short bursts, but it's good for solo play as well. Hearty recommendation. I notice Sniper Elite 4 came out recently so maybe we'll get a Zombie Army 4. I certainly wouldn't mind."
,Recommended,301640,24196651,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Renzhe Light,Man I love this game! Have been played coop with my partner for a week! very addictive sniping game :DIf you love shooting zombie + sniping try this game! you won't be disappointed!
,Recommended,301640,18801989,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,H0NEYM00N,"love it :)im not the big sniper-guy, but im getting better and the game offers a lot,especially for multiplayer."
76561198051298671,Recommended,301640,23007144,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jimmeh Gibbs!,You can kill zombie Hitler.
,Recommended,301640,29996033,Posted: 17 February,all,Cory,"Sniper Elite games are some of the most well optimized games on steam and I'd be willing to recommend it on that alone. My old GPU was a gtx 950 and I could get a solid 60fps at 1080p on ultra settings 99% of the time playing this.The single player is fun, and the Sniper Elite style killcams are still satisfying. I haven't played much of the multiplayer, but I've heared it's a bit lackluster.Good game overall, get it on sale."
76561198185273281,Recommended,301640,16028879,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,YoungDominican,"Great graphics, awesome story line and fun co-op."
,Recommended,301640,14889869,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Potato Bot,"gory, action packed, easy to pick up, great story and many more amazing features"
,Recommended,301640,17102601,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Coin0p,"I finished episode three, then went back to play the other two I'd already finished. I've been enjoying them more this play through than the first time. They really upgraded so many things! Plus kicks ACTUALLY do something this time around. The single player game is first rate. Also the music! It's straight up late 80's action film (Think escape from New York!). I <3 this game! And I've played a few, check my profile."
,Recommended,301640,17510313,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Some Clown,All you really need is a boot for the grunts and a rifle for the more challenging zombies.
,Recommended,301640,27242519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kAN,"""The Fatherland, WILL NEVER FALL !""  -The Youngest Adolf. This means that  those series would never fall."
,Recommended,301640,14793555,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ExplosiveN,Where are the zombie testicles?
,Recommended,301640,14947724,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nothing_Wins,Do You Like Zombies...... YesDo You Like Nazi's.......... NineDo You enhoy sniping .... YesDo You Enjoy constant swarm control .... YesSTOP ♥♥♥♥ING READING THIS REVIEW AND BUY THE GODDAMN GAME!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,15545746,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pierre Poutine,"Yes. Someone forgot the charge the iPhone thing and the zombies are still sheein' around. Nien/10, Zombie Hitler Approved!"
76561198069875915,Recommended,301640,18176637,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Wolfie Talkie,"i love this game, its a very fun 3rd person zombie shooter game, and the best thing is... it has the L4D 1 & 2 characters in it ^^ so now u dont have to just play as the normal 8"
,Recommended,301640,18113146,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Darkness,best game ive found since grey goo
76561197976028334,Recommended,301640,20061403,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Get Burned!,"I really liked Zombie Army Trilogy. It's a game that kept getting better and the further along in the game. The main reason I got this was because they added skins for all eight of the L4D survivors. It definitely added a nice touch to see old friends in this new game. Too bad there's no dialogue for them. They're all strictly mute. The main game play of this game is to move to an area and fight off a wave of zombies and repeat. So it really comes down to if you enjoy shooting zombies or not. These are the slow moving kind too, so there's time to line up head shots before being overrun. This game stresses making head shots as body hits don't do much damage. Most of the time it's really easy to avoid attacks. The tension is diminished once your realize that the melee attack is sufficient for taking out even large groups and the guns themselves are the easy mode for getting rid of hordes. There's not a lot of variety in the first two episodes. They come across as an overly long tutorial for the third episode. The third episode is where the best part of the game is. The last part of the last boss was really difficult. I feel stoked about getting passed it. The combat was still mostly fun. The game has a really good look for a horror game. There is some really brutal gore in this game and just overall messed up imagery. It really helps set a chilling mood. They nailed the music. It sounds like its from an early 80's b-movie horror movie and was always cool to hear in game. It took me 15 hours to finish the game. It's a fun game."
,Recommended,301640,20202351,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Darkdragon225,Only played an hour of it and it's absolutly awesome. If you like 'Sniper Elite' you'll definitly enjoy this. Keeps you on edge when fighting the big hordes and all around. 10/10
,Recommended,301640,16585005,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Toast,Great game. not best. not worst. but its great
76561198065782016,Recommended,301640,19639711,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Poltergoat,"Brilliant game, nothing bad to say about it, hours and hours of fun! Definitley worth buying."
,Recommended,301640,22872825,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Giggsyyyy,One of the best co op games I've played so far..highly recommended!
76561198271958905,Recommended,301640,22894878,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bran,Im lucky i got this game on sale because this game is by far one of the best zombie games ive played i highly recomend u get this
,Recommended,301640,24137277,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PinkPiggy,"This game got me by heart already at the intro. So many great features and really good gameplay.Can really recommend you to buy this game and start playing it now. Bring a friend a prepare to have a blast.The story is immersive and entertaining. A must have game!""Preach it!""-Preacher 2015"
,Recommended,301640,29910603,Posted: 13 February,all,Sckiz1,Get this game it is a killerone of the best zombie shooters by far!everything is great about this game.5/5
76561198236322960,Recommended,301640,29924245,Posted: 14 February,all,Apacheace101YT,"This is undoubtedly one of my FAVORITE zombie games. The graphics are incredible, the level design is amazing, and the story is spine-tingling. The music is a perfect fit for Zombie-slaying, and the wide variety of Elites and Zombies keeps you on your toes. While some parts are pure INSANITY to beat, the rest of the Campaign I'd an experience worth playing multiple times.Hoarde Mode is a little on the rough side, with normal waves of zombies until wave 5. Then you will proceed to get SLAMMED with Heavy Armored Zombies, as well as LMG Elites. The pure escalation of the difficulty is staggering. I would recommend a VERY sound strategy before jumping into the hordes.Overall, an extremely good zombie-shooter. A must-have in my own opinion...10/10."
,Recommended,301640,30045225,Posted: 19 February,all,Captain Bunny Tammy,A very fun zombie shootemup co-op game. Highly recommened it.
,Recommended,301640,26722208,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Curiosity :>,"Simply a cool and fun game to play with friends. It will challenge you alot but it pays of in the end. Make sure you're with 2/3 other friends before buying this though, public lobby's don't work really well."
,Recommended,301640,26432885,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The God,Cut them all down
,Recommended,301640,26347054,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bloodlessninja,dudes i think we have a winner...
,Recommended,301640,20551551,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,BadNetCode,Fun game. Run from safe room to safe room shooting zombies in the face with scoped rifles.The dev team did a fantastic job by quickly addressing community complaints when this came out last year.Play with friends. Playing alone is pretty boring.
,Recommended,301640,20596041,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,True,Better than Call of Doody Zambies
,Recommended,301640,24146613,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,eDJr.,"Sniper Elite , Sniper Elite V2 , Sniper Elite 3 , and then this . Just can't wait for Sniper Elite 4 on Feb . Big fan of this sniper elite franchise 10/10"
,Recommended,301640,21587901,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tOMME,Kill zombies 10/10
76561198002986817,Recommended,301640,24264859,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"If you are looking for a challanging, affordable, co op, zombie killing game then this game is completely for you! I really enjoyed this game much more then I thought I would and I know I got my 9 bucks worth. It took me around 20 hours to complete this game and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The game varies between doable and extremely challenging. It was a good array of weapons to use and unique enemies to kill along with a pretty decent story. I played open public games and just let people joined when they could. The final bosses were tough and took team work to beat. Anyone who enjoys zombie games will love this game and anyone who likes Co op games will like it even more. It is really worth the big sale when it comes around and I'm sure glad I picked it up."
,Recommended,301640,29880072,Posted: 12 February,all,Shatterlight,This game is an amazing pure massacre and I love it.Pros:Unique experienceAmazing atmospherePlayable L4D SurvivorsNot too easyCons:Lack of playersPrice tag is too highOverall: 8/10
76561198015738831,Recommended,301640,23904820,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kilmon3,I have an addiction.
76561198029679459,Recommended,301640,22863050,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,.Alfred,Nice Game
76561198083334816,Recommended,301640,27296243,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jago,Three words.Giant. Hitler. Boss.
76561198172092294,Recommended,301640,26354913,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Pavelslav,"Left 4 Dead 2 fan? You will LOVE this game..This game is a mixture of L4D2 and Sniper Elite, the gameplay set in the Sniper Elite world and features the campaign design of L4D2. Altough the campaign may be extremely hardcore on your own; invite a friend(s), set mode to the hardest and enjoy hours of savage survival with your friend(s).Having said that, if you have already played Sniper Elite 3 and L4D2 I couldn't recomend to purchase this game for 40euro. In my eyes this is a great ADD-ON to Sniper Elite 3, but not a new game in it self."
76561198033919766,Recommended,301640,17920509,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,GraShropp,Very much like games one and two which were quite fun. Purchased it at a great price. Like others I wish more people played online. Worth it for general zombie killing fun....
,Recommended,301640,17631997,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,F_Society,Very fun game
,Recommended,301640,17194570,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,luxo,"One of the best Sniper Elite: Zombie games i have tried, Hitler has once again seeked power and has with zombies.. Here are my opinions about it.-Nice Visuals, including a optional grey newsreel effect which is cool.-Remastered games of 1 and 2 which can save you money by just buying trilogy.-Takes place after V2 but the game is not part of the offical story and would just be counted as a arcade horror game to some people.-4 Player co-op which is new to the franchise.If you love sniper rifles and zombies i would recommend this to those people.8.2/10"
76561198127712858,Recommended,301640,34736967,Posted: 4 September,all,sovielmer,this game is very fun havent played the co-op but pretty sure its great to
,Recommended,301640,32107430,Posted: 1 June,all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Zombie Army Trilogy (ZAT), is a very well made zombie shooter game that combines two previous games, into one with an additional chapter added to make up the entire story.  While there are plenty of shooter games our there, and even more zombie shooting games, few can compare to the atmosphere that ZAT brings.PlotThe story involves 4 characters who are sent into nazi germany to determine what is going on.  Upon arrival, they find out that there are zombies running around and it is concluded that something is turning the nazi soldiers into zombies.  You push further into the country and reach the inner section of Berlin and attempt to find the source of these zombies, only to find that its beyond your ability to do anything about it.  After narrowly escaping, you are told about an artifact that when completly put together, can some how counter the effects of the zombies or destroy them some how.  Armed with only the first of three pieces, you go back inside Germany and find the second part of the artifact.   Just like before, you push through hordes of zombies while going from place to place, and eventually you defeat an Occultist leader who then leaves behind  a piece of the artifact.  After that, you escape yet again with new found hope.And then in the final chapter, you find out the location of a the third piece.  Early on, you find that the person who owns this final piece is the one and only Hitler, but due to be transformed into a zombie, he has unique powers that allows him to rule over the zombies.  So once again you push your way through Germany to find where Hitler is hiding inorder to acquire the third and finaly piece, and then hopefully putting an end to Hitler himself.With that said, the story is pretty simple overall since you are going from place to place, looking for artifacts and looking for a way to take down the leader himself.  Its not a very complex or emotional story and non of the playable characters talk, but its a good-enough story to make it have a purpose.GameplayThis is one of the key parts of the game that makes it shine.  The game has a third-person camera angle most of the time, but you can go into first-person if you want to scope a shot.   Considering how the game relie son you having three firearms at a time, one of which is a sniper rifle, you will spend most time shooting in first-person, and running in third-person.   As stated before, you have three firearms from the start:  A sniper rifle, a secondary (AR, shotgun, rocket launcher) and a pistol.  Sniper rifle is for all around use, secondary is for backup or specialty kills, and pistols are for when ammmo is low or if you are knocked down and want to bring a few enemies down with you.  There are about 8-10 different weapons for each firearm type with secondary weapons having more unique options.  On top of that, you have 4 explosive weapons to use as well: dynamite, landmind, tripmine and grenade.  Each serve a purpose and are ery effective at serving it.The mechanics of the sniper rifles in particular, are really amazing.  They all have pros and cons that can vary from firing speed, bullets per clip/mag., bullet velocity, reload speed/type, and level of zooming.   In my opinion, they are very balanced in what they do since some can fire fast and have little sway, but reload longer and have a small clip, or fires moderate and has a small clip but reloads fast and has very little bullet drop.   The secondary rifles are similar but are less significant since they are usually your fallback weapon of choice.Another game mechanic, are the enemies and boy will this take a while to explain.  Over the three chapters, new enemies will appear and they will have unique features to them.  The first type are the fodder troops.  These are your average footsoldiers who have nothing special to them.  Some may have helmets which can protect them from certain headshots, while others have a firearm and will randomly shoot it every now and then.  They are slow, can have very wonky body movement which helps to make it a challenge to headshot them, and are common to be in large numbers.  Then there is the suicide bomber.  Name says it all but he has a distinct voice that can be heard and they run fast.  You either shoot the explosive on him, kill him the old fashion way, or let him approach you and then run away at the last second.  They are weak in healt but their explosion can pack a punch.From there, we have the sniper.  Word of warning, that anyone who faces them in the first chapter, knows that these guys are a pain in the a** to deal with.  They deal high damage and jump from place to place before taking a quick shot and jumping away.  In the higher difficulty, facing two or three at once, will certainly result in you being Knocked Down.  In the next two chapters, they have a unique cloud haze that makes them a bit easier to spot, but still they are a pain.  Next we have the tank semi-boss zombie.  These guys have high health, move slow but have a machine gun that even at a distance, can hit pretty hard.   Typically spawn during a horde wave near the end to make it feel like a boss.  Next there are skeletons.  Pretty simple enemies that you can either stomp on or kill them by hitting their heart.   After that, there are the 'summoners' who are enemies that summon zombies that are on fire.  While the fire zombies take one bullet to take out, they can be summoned in large numbers and the summoner himself can't be instantly killed.  He is slow and his damage is really high if he directly hits you but he rarely attacks.   And that after that, there are other enemies that do things such as prevent zombies from dying until they themselves are killed first, and there are the bosses which I wont spoil.GraphicsAre they ultra 4k HD hyper realistic quality?  Nope, but they look great and give off that feel of a dark and glumy setting that just feels right.  In ZAT, they have improved the fraemrate when compared to the individual games, and aside from a minor dip in performance when enemies spawn based on if there are 4 players, the performance is solid.  Those with lower rigs can easily run this although the fog will cause a drop in the first chapter.  Aside from that, the game looks simply great for what its meant to be.Sounds/MusicThe sounds of the weapons are good.  The zombie's sounds are great and some of them use a deep and satanic sounding voice which is fitting.  However, its the music that really sets the mood and is another key part of what makes this game great.  While the music is chapter 2 and 3 are good, the music in chapter 1, is perfect, simply perfect.  It starts off kind of simple, but as you progress in the chapter, it slightly changes itself and feels so gloomy and hopeless, but the piano makes it sound like there is still hope in all of this, even when the odds are against you.  You just have to experience to understand what I mean.  And lastly, the ambience sounds are fitting and creepy.EnjoymentPersonally, I love it.  The first time playig it, is the best time.  I played it with my best friend and she and I always have a blast playing it, even if she constantly has the higher score.  Some people might get bored of the  lack of more maps and chapters since there are 3 chapters with 5 sub-chapters, each subchapter lasts about a half hour or so, depending on how fast you play or how fast you complete objectives.  Its enjoyable if played with a friend or two and even more so if you do the Endless game mode.ConclusionZAT is a very well made zombie shooting game that is perfect for people who like to be snipers or like to play shooters with friends.  Its unique feel is enough to get peoeple interested with it and keep them playing.  There are still other things to talk about but Im out of space to write it.  So in short, just buy it and have a friend join you."
76561198240025012,Recommended,301640,34787311,Posted: 6 September,all,Ghoul Buster,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game! Very competitve with whats out there. Good game play everywhere. Download it. Trust me.
,Recommended,301640,28832616,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,P0nk P4nter,marvelous fun to have with friends if a fan of sniper elite series
,Recommended,301640,19622124,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Goose274,"This game is a very heart racing sniping, linear survival game with a very interesting storyline where there are lots... and lots of Nazi Zombies, including special types that use guns, grenades and suits of armor."
76561198082945442,Recommended,301640,15850539,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Christina,If you do not visit the psychiatrist.. you sleep well and have no problems with digestion.. then the game Zombie Army Trilogy for you !★ ★ ★ ★ ☆
,Recommended,301640,20612338,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ragnarr Loðbrók,Like L4d1&2?THen you should try this outIts alot harder than l4d1&2 in my opinion because zombies get ressurected here if you don't kill them properly (with a headshot or some explosive♥♥♥♥♥♥+ its mostly a sniperrifle game :3 (depends on difficult it may have heavy impact on the bullets (how they fly) & accuracy)well the most zombies are not so fast like in l4d2 but it isn't really necessary to have a short life :3 ^^If you like Coop + Zombies get this game its good and funny and the full potential is in the multiplayer
,Recommended,301640,22873344,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Metroid Spartan,This is a hella of a lot of fun to play just make sure you have decent internet otherwise you'll lag out of like everygame or glitch like hella crazy.
,Recommended,301640,22853179,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,etl0g,"Sniper Elite + Zombie Hordes = Zombie Army TrilogyThis is easily one of the most enjoyable Zombie games I have played in a long time. In a market that has become increasingly saturated over the years, mostly due to the ongoing popularity of Call of Duty's Zombie modes, it is refreshing to play something that feels so balls out ridiculous and designed purely for enjoyment.There are no deep metaphors about the state of the human race, no morally ambiguous choices to make, just waves and waves of Zombie scum to obliterate in any means you deem fit. Don't get me wrong, there is definitely a place for a deeper exploration of the Zombie theme in gaming, but it's just so refreshing to see something deviate so whole heartedly from that and pull it off without just seeming like a stupid cash in.Obviously this is not a game that will suit everyones tastes, but if you have any kind of love for classic B movie zombie fare or just want to spend a few hours watching heads explode with a few mates, I can't recommend this highly enough.Rating: 4/5Highly Recommended Purchase."
,Recommended,301640,28929850,Posted: 1 January,all,Explosion Crazed Maniac,"Are you someone that has a ton of time, and like shooting dead bodies walking around and trying to attack you?Do you enjoy brutal gore and appreciate the satisfaction of red splats flying everywhere from single shots?Do you have friends that you enjoy stabbing in the back while saving your own skin with friendly fire toggled on?THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU"
,Recommended,301640,17814186,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Trumizou,this game is fun fast and has great grafix.could give nightmares
76561198041055602,Recommended,301640,18792086,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Yonny,♥♥♥♥ you micheal stop reading my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,301640,17985948,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,leo,good
,Recommended,301640,25418785,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Red Panda101,i got this game for 15 usd i love this its fun solo but even better with friends  8.5 out of 10
76561197960768248,Recommended,301640,25433527,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Warspawn,Great Game ...............
76561198018446175,Recommended,301640,25471031,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,COM/RED,Amazing! Get your friends together and get kicked in the butt by those annoying Sniper and Assault Rifle Zombies xD
76561198064104281,Recommended,301640,17956856,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,-3NiGMA,Game is very fun but keeps freezing rip..
76561198137918688,Recommended,301640,20499838,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cthulhu,"Fantastic game, hours of fun, and amazing atmosphere. Totally honest, played it through 3 and a half times, most of that coop, and the fun never stops. Only frustating parts are when your so called teammates begin TAKING YOUR SHOTS AND SCREWING UP YOUR COMBO... but seriously, 5/5 game, would buy/play again. I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,301640,22847573,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,「HypeR」 | CSOFFER.ME,"At the start I wasn't sure if it was worth getting this game but after playing for 10 mins I instantly changed my mind. Gameplay is good, Graphics are amazing, and the music and sound is pretty good too ( I almost sh*t my pant's because the zombies sound so close to my ear in my headphones) What else is there to say this game is worth getting."
76561198090004428,Recommended,301640,22852718,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,scoobasteve,"Tons of fun if you're just looking to pass some time shooting zombies. Don't expect much in the way of a compelling story or memorable characters, but great for those who want something a little different from L4D or Call of Duty's zombie mode."
,Recommended,301640,22850099,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,nesquiknibba,"This game is a creepy masterpiece. Intense, third person action and horror makes this game so enjoyable. I love the diverse range of enemies and their weapons, ranging from a human arm to an mg49 machine gun and chainsaw. The enemies themselves are just downright creepy. Headshots are crucial to survive in this. Conclusion: This game is a great addition to the Sniper Elite Series and I'd definately recommend it."
,Recommended,301640,22858771,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,123Rain,"I start playing and realize you gotta be a true og satan worshipper for this. I walk a couple steps and realize there swatztika's with pentagrams in them and devilish things other than those. Let me be legit, the game is downright sick, and i mean the sick that makes your tummy tingle when you find your niche. the tingle you get when you know a game was designed to be the best it can be. This game, i downloaded and thought ""eh i saw some youtuber play it, i'd like to try it"" and what happened was this, i thought to myself a couple minutes ago ""god damn i got on at 12 pm, well it's 3 am and it's been about 13 hours. what will i ever do with my life?"" It absolutely ravaged my sleep schedule (but I'm cool with that) and i'm gonna honestly say, 9/10 would recommend, though this game is not for the light-hearted nor weak-stomachs. GG M8"
76561198214125264,Recommended,301640,30006540,Posted: 18 February,all,[CBS] playfulsilver2,"9,45/10,0037"
,Recommended,301640,18162794,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bokor,This is simply one of the best co-op zombie shooters out there. Rebellion struck gameplay gold with this series and this trilogy brings all 3 games together in the Sniper Elite 3 engine.Get this game.
76561198202713967,Recommended,301640,34773254,Posted: 6 September,all,TheGunReject|CR Mod/Owner|,So far i like the gameplay of it but it can also sometimes be very annoying due to kamikaze zombie nazis exploding themselves right behind but except for that this game will really put your shooter game skills to the test and i am very pleased that i have found a game that can be hard
,Recommended,301640,24548393,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Justin2318,This game is just tops!! xd 11/10 wuld reckomendo!!!!! idk if it wurth teh 44 bux but toatalie wurth on $4l3!!! :))) <333
76561198052997166,Recommended,301640,22874564,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Starterpack ✝,left 4 dead + wolfenstein + sniper elite = zombie army trilogy nuff said
76561198089573699,Recommended,301640,29083823,Posted: 7 January,all,trentallen1,"You want to kill zombies. You want to kill Hitler. Now you can do both, its pretty much that simple. Good group of players, fun horde mode and campaign is extensive. Plenty of zombies and weapons. Only draw back is there is times where the game won't progess, but it's a rare occurance. 9/10."
76561198076268261,Not Recommended,301640,34872952,Posted: 10 September,all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"This game is very enjoyable when evrything works properly, but so many things go wrong so regularly. I can't give it a positive review. The core gameplay, visuals, level structure, and atmosphere are all well above par. Your trip across a devestated Berlin will be very enjoyable, if one of many technical issues doesn't fudge it up. My biggest problem is the matchmaking system. There aren't enough people playing, and half the time the lobby I load into has a connectivity issue or an AFK player. There are also many bugs, especially with the zombie snipers. They jump around the rooftops, and often spawn in groups, but in some segments of the game they glitch out. One will spawn in and get stuck, preventing you from killing it, which in turn keeps you from moving on. I really do like this game, but it has a pretty big pricetag, which wouldn't be so big if the issues I brought up were handled."
,Recommended,301640,34776417,Posted: 6 September,all,TheShadowLord,"This game a is a good mix of fun and intensity. I enjoyed the story line and enjoyed the gameplay. Overall I rate this game very favorably and would recommend it to anyone who likes the sniper elite games, third person shooters, and zombie games. It is a shoot-em up to be sure and the horde mode is a lot of fun with friends. It can go on for hours if you want it to. Highly recommend."
76561198046726569,Recommended,301640,35048455,Posted: 18 September,all,gtrdrmr79,Very addicting game!! Really like Co-op multiplayer!! keeps me coming back... when not playing im thinking about how to better myself the next time I play...haha
,Recommended,301640,14779026,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fitroni,i like shooting zombie ^^
76561198142289834,Recommended,301640,18885605,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RamenZundo,A good coop zombie third person shooter with sniper elite elements.Best played with friends and must have good internet connection.This is a must have game so come and join the fight against Hitler's nazi army.(online multiplayer is kinda dead)
,Recommended,301640,20172952,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ObscureEdge,"I think this game is worth $15.00 when it's on sale,  I wouldn't spend more then that on it but it is very entertaining game and I enjoy it :) really fun co-op! :)"
76561198031147097,Recommended,301640,20744717,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,LozZou,COOL GAME !!!
76561198067016966,Recommended,301640,20668504,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SenseiVince #NoSound,11/10. I've been watching the YMCA Zombie for hours...
,Recommended,301640,17842537,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Super Sand Legend,"This is what sniping used to be. A complex simulator that doesn't care if you're fresh out of boot camp or a hardened veteran of Third-Person Shooters. Think COD zombies, Left 4 Dead, Dead Rising amounts of hordes, Silent Hill amounts of desperation, and Metal Gear Solid's uncanny knack for accuracy on firearms all mashed together in a blender. That's about how I would choose to describe this game.You just feel so HELPLESS. It's glorious.10/10 For panic and nightmares"
76561198165413073,Recommended,301640,20643361,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,B3WLEY,Best Nazi zombie slaying since World at War
76561198156941646,Recommended,301640,20728177,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Redstrife,"Great zombie game to play with friends, had many funny things happen in missions and millions of zombies to kill. Like That many, seriously."
,Recommended,301640,26287995,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PatrickSmits,"First of all its a great game with a great theme. I like almost every part about this game, but there is one thing to get used to. Sometimes the aiming system can be a little hard to master, but you will get used to it.Conclusion: buy it!"
76561198071779828,Recommended,301640,23032547,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RaZr Kai,"This game at first sight would count as ""Another Zombie Game"" genre, so, whatwould make it shine apart from the others?First, this game is a spin off of the Sniper Elite franchise, where Hitlerfound a way to control the dead, so your primary weapon would be aSniper Rifle where in other games will only work if you are veeeeery far fromthe horde, but here, the rifle has properties that make it the best weapon inyour arsenal and if you need to engage at very close quarters, you havesecondary weapons for those situations.Also, being a familiar of Sniper Elite, you have the X-Ray shots, that are a rewardfor making an exceptionaly long killing shot, showing where the bullet hit and alsowhat organs you destroyed (nuts included). At the begining that looks very cool,but after, you´ll switch it off because you´ll be full of seeing shattered skullsa lot (if you have good aim for the headshot).The game as the name sugest, are three games in one, making it a very long roadto the end, that in my opinion, is a good thing, comparing it with games thatyou finish in 5 hours, and also a good cast of characters (including the castof Left 4 Dead 1 and 2), multiplayer of 4 players and horde mode (also, for 4players) it´s just the icing in the cake, but after you finish the game, unlessyou have other 3 friends to play, the game is not going to see much action afterthat.This is a good deal either if it has or not has a promotion, so, if you like zombiegames, this is a good option."
,Recommended,301640,17681639,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Spent Casing,I shot a zombie in the nuts and watched in slo mo as its testicles exploded. 10/10 would shoot another zombie in the nuts.
,Recommended,301640,15939721,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,╬OKW╬ Asteria,Super sniper game
76561198201446467,Recommended,301640,24000199,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LonelyBoy95,"I've been scoping this game out for months, {no pun attented} watching streams and gameplay videos. I saw that this game was on sale for $8.99. I bought this game today and WOW it is super fun...even by yourself. The sound of the guns,  the graphics, the gameplay is all amazing. It is also optimized really good, so good that I get over 60 fps on my laptop...WITHOUT MY CHARGER  PLUGGED IN, ON ULTRA.All that I'm saying is that this game is a must have if you like wrecking zombies."
,Recommended,301640,22880520,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Montak2847,"I would recommend this under the following conditions:1) You didn't purchase the first or second game - as they're included in this one.2) You're not expecting replayability. While it does have a Horde mode now, it doesn't compare to CoD Zombies (if that's what you're looking for).3) The game is on sale and you have friends that will buy it too. You can play everything solo and it's good for a gore-fest every once in a while, but that's the only appeal I see."
,Recommended,301640,22893026,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,METALHEAD,Great game.
,Recommended,301640,23320443,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mrazteca16,"Zombie Army Trilogy may not do much new in the grand scheme of things, but everything that it does, it does well. Shooting is fun and engaging. The story is slightly silly but it keeps everything together. Enemies are varied and make enjoyable targets. Horde mode is an absolute blast that really makes the multiplayer portion of Zombie Army Trilogy stand out as the true champion."
76561198076281560,Recommended,301640,22877003,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,spooksi,its ok
,Recommended,301640,32961373,Posted: 28 June,all,ApricotOcelot,Boi Shooting Simulator
,Recommended,301640,22851841,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NitroWombat,"Killer Zombie shooter and good with each one so far.  The graphics are quite good, so are the controls and weapons.  A little larger selection would have been great, but not a bad choice in the selection.  Not a bad time killer, enjoyable solo but; 2x more fun with friends.  (who have quite a sense of humor and not so kill whoooer happy lol) It is a bit of a pain to find matches or people to join you sometimes.  I still play sometimes, hit me up.(and NO, I don't glitch or haxoerz)  Keep in mind, I don't respond to lvl 0 profiles OR private ones as yet still shows lvl 0."
,Recommended,301640,20396941,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dya Nox εїз,"I was very excited to start playing this game after i finally bought it and I must say i LOVED it! I was overwhelmed at first when I played alone, because the amount of zombies for 1 player is ridiculously high. I died 5 minutes in game, which was not fun. But when I started playing it with a friend, then it was amazing! Had alot of fun and it was hard to stop playing it xD. So I totally recommend it to anyone who loves this type of game! It's worth it! ♥"
,Recommended,301640,17695378,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sir NovaC™,Zombie Army Trilogy is quite alot of fun!This game is awesome especially when playing with friends.Even the Left 4 Dead characters were added!What are you doing here still reading this?GO GET IT WHILE ITS ON SALE NOW BEFORE YOUR CHANCE FOR AN AWESOME GAME HAS PASSED ITS 66% OFF!
,Recommended,301640,24005319,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mizari,Love the game!
,Recommended,301640,29411141,Posted: 21 January,all,卿,"too scary...that‘ not a good idea to play the game  alone.ah. but, you'll have fun with your friends.."
,Recommended,301640,32634535,Posted: 21 June,all,TomTheBomb,Fun Alone. Amazing with friends.
,Recommended,301640,32929462,Posted: 28 June,all,CK Aaron,interesting
76561198136241421,Recommended,301640,24788392,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PunkKid,Never thought i would be the last Assassin who actually eliminated a zombie version of Hitler!
,Recommended,301640,22844114,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Spookyyoshiegg,Is good9/10
,Recommended,301640,22841167,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,morgoth77,"Really enjoyed this game. Like, a lot. Have not played multiplayer as yet, but the single player campaign was very fun. I mean, sniper game where your enemy is zombie nazi's, what's not to like! Story is interesting enough, graphics are pretty good. Can't hold much shotgun ammo though, but it's difficult to run out of rifle ammo, and every now and then (if you alt-tab a fair bit) the mouse can become unresponsive. For anyone unaware, this is a zombie spin-off of Sniper Elite 3, so mechanically it's pretty much the same. Get it now while it's on sale, this game is a must-have!"
,Recommended,301640,14825237,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Yakumo,"ooo look, we are able to kick zombie in the arses, but, this time, his head fall off.11/10 would rhape the space button for nazi zombie football."
,Recommended,301640,28121335,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,✠smily!Gl◕ry☠Vict◕ry♆,very good...
,Recommended,301640,22847600,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Trooper,"If you like Left4Dead and Sniper Elite and you enjoy some single player or co-op action then go and buy this. As I type this review the game is £5.99 which is an absolute bargain.The game is pretty customisable if you are looking for a challenge, set the difficulty to higest, then set the Zombies to 4 player spawns (it spawns enough Zombies to keep 4 people busy) and finally enjoy dying a lot :)I'll be pestering a few people to go and buy this so we can co-op the living hell out of it (no pun intended)."
,Recommended,301640,21019495,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,10asmith,super amazing awesome fun :)
76561197993258162,Recommended,301640,23300011,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bloodlust,"This is a fun co-op game to play! Lots of gore and zombies to kill. I wish there was more Preacher ammo laying around, but its all good :)"
76561198089614158,Recommended,301640,23426350,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Storm,"A mostly ""Brainless"" (pun intended) Co-op shooter but great fun with a friend or group of friends! Basically a 3rd person L4D."
76561198065746501,Recommended,301640,23209709,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MTZIGG,Thumb's up got it on sale for 8.99Recommnd only on salefun mindless shooting  runs wella great for passing timelittle glitchy in the controlsDated GFX but fun none the lessNot even worth the full price tag of $45 USDworth about $10 fun factor
76561198106969551,Recommended,301640,24448791,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Modified Society,It beats Call of Duty Recycle Warfare.
,Recommended,301640,25456477,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ForkedEntry,"Beaten the entire game on Sniper Elite (hard).Do you ever want to improve on your aim accross all FPS games? Do you want to experience the satisfaction of landing pixel-perfect headshots fifty times in a row (across a horde of zombies)? You're gonna have to work for it, but in the end you'll feel like a true Sniper Elite badass.As a game, it's full of suprises and will always give you new scenarios and bigger hordes to snipe at. However, it's pretty lackluster until the third game/chapter (luckily you can skip straight to it), where the devs REALLY knew what they were doing."
,Recommended,301640,32775507,Posted: 25 June,all,Conniving Dog,"AWESOME!!! and is very fast paced (I think). but the online Co-op is a bit kinda dead (?) , please don't be. anyone wants to play with me just message me please :) . the soundtrack is awesome, there are also some parts in the game that is very creepy AF."
76561198017407316,Recommended,301640,34760669,Posted: 5 September,all,`Slyth,"Поиграв пару часов я уверенно говорю что эта игра действительно СТОИТ 800 руб. я вообще не чуть не жалею что их потратил, потому-что игра РЕАЛЬНО классная, она создана на основе Sniper Elit (по-крайне мере немного что-то и похоже из неё), ну что ещё сказать?, гемплей хорош, графика шикарная, качество ваще каеф, тут просто не описать словами насколько эта игра крута, впрочем10/10!"
,Recommended,301640,27568783,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Turtle,"11/10, met Hitler."
,Recommended,301640,17659575,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SoggyCow ✅,worth $15.29 but not $45
,Recommended,301640,34750867,Posted: 4 September,all,♥ RubyRose ♥,"I am going to be playing this.. for a very... long time...Ive not had a game that has been so enjoyable since 11 years ago, However, its been years since ive enjoyed a game genuinly this much in ages! Honestly, for once I'm playing for enjoyment!The one flaw I have with this game, is there are no female zombies, they are all men."
,Recommended,301640,21562491,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sunohara,"Shoot zombies in the head. for real, or they really will come back."
,Recommended,301640,16828371,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Clã | BR | The Fire Fusquinha,"Muito bom o jogo, bem difícil em algumas partes (afinal esse jogo é pra CO-OP), há bugs, mas nenhum que faça a jogatina ficar ruim. Maior problema que eu notei até agora do jogo é que ninguém além de mim o tem, e uma das missões finais fica impossível zerar sem uma ajuda CO-OP, para quem gosta de Sniping e quick scope, é um ótimo jogo!"
,Recommended,301640,27341353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XxAnimeAddict69xX,"Have you always wanted to fight the (undead) nazi's? Have you always wanted to go to hell? Have you always wanted to destroy a zombie factory? Are you a die hard zombie fan? Then this game is something for you. Zombie army trilogy is the first game of the Sniper Elite franchise I played and I never had problems while playing this game. The game has 3 chapters with each chapter taking me +/- 6 to 7 hours, so the full game takes around 20 hours if you are also interested in getting achievements and many different easter eggs.Short review about positive and negative stuff:Positive+ Sound and visuals really give a creepy atmosphere+ Many different characters/enemies/guns+ Coop is possible, so you can play it wth your friends+ Controls are good and easy to understand (almost same controls as all other shooter games)+ It has a pretty good story (but hey, alot of zombie games don't have a story)Negative- Can get repetitive after a while (didn't really bother me)- A bit expensive in my opinion but who am I to judge- Can cause anxiety attacks, heart failure, nightmares... (I never experienced those problems :P)GeneralIf you are interested in zombie/horror/shooter games with a story and alot of killing, this game really is a must for you.+ I promise you will enjoy the endingEdit for people who already have Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army 1 and/or 2:This game already has the first 2 chapters in it so I recommend to buy it in a sale.I bought this only because I wanted to play the 3th chapter since I already had the first 2 chapters.This game is the only way to play the 3th chapter (it's worth it)."
76561198082640923,Recommended,301640,20458940,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Paul196UK,Its a well made game and I recommend it on the fact it has excellent graphics and game play.  Its the hardest shooter game I've played.  Its harder than super elite v2 but then that is a diferent game.  It has got me frustrated hence my short game play time. But I will continue to comeeeee back to it as it rrquires you to hit your zombie in the head to kill it. Body shots dont do anything.  So you need a calm approach and dont panic if you miss and the zombies get closer.  I do highly recoomend it. Its made by REbellion so its well made.
76561198006605505,Recommended,301640,17636448,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,DanteYoda,"Great game, worth the Price.Best played with friends"
76561198077320524,Recommended,301640,17805492,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rocker,"This, and Bulletstorm are GREAT games!"
,Recommended,301640,29388940,Posted: 20 January,all,Al Bundy,"Great game in my opinion, fun and addicting, Would recommend getting during sales, in my opinion it's not worth $45"
,Recommended,301640,27793093,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Redhotjets,"This is a fantastic game. I normally go to first person shooters but this is one game where third person really suits. Almost perfectly designed, this will definitely be one that gets your sniping fix taken care of. You have pistols, primaries (shotguns and SMGs) and sniper rifles, as well as an assorted kit of explosives (like trip mine, landmine, grenades, dynamite). Trilogy gives you 15 missions - pretty long ones, with an interesting story. You can do them solo or coop. There is also my favourite, a horde mode/wave survival mode, but it's limited to 5 maps (unfortunately). You can run your own listen servers if you like but multiplayer is very quiet, so best to tee up with friends or steam groups, etc. Lots of replayability, and just a great feel to this game, definitely grab this one on special. I only wish the developers/publishers marketed this game harder and responded to community better, as the game could have gone very far."
,Recommended,301640,15135029,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Everybody Poops,"Great bundle, one of the best co-op games on steam and for the price it's definitely worth it.3 Campaigns and 5 Levels for Horde. The gameplay is fluid, controls are responsive and the headshots are glorious."
76561198044233484,Recommended,301640,22825425,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DontHave,awesome game but i dont find server maybe cause my location
,Recommended,301640,28972726,Posted: 3 January,all,Bamboo (Redness),"FRICKIN SUICIDERS, GIVING ME HEART ATTACKS!!!!!! D:<"
,Recommended,301640,23763745,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MicOn,good game
76561198271716880,Recommended,301640,24893898,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Itz Polsa,"Fun but only with friend, but I got none :("
,Recommended,301640,26300103,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Yoshi The Green,You already know.Zombie Horde Mode.Most effective way to kill mobs of zombies?Have you never seen a zombie movie?
,Recommended,301640,22715032,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Pizza Essen,"I'd give this game a 3.5/5. This game is perfect to play when you have an hour to kill at a time and want to unwind. The first two games are simple and can get repetitive quickly. I took my time with this one, and I think that actually made it more enjoyable. An hour a day keeps the boredom at bay. The third game takes the entertaining mechanics from the first two and adds some new content which helped freshen up the game again. You're not going to get much of a story from this one, but isn't headshotting Hitler enough?"
,Recommended,301640,23437350,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ＴＨＥ ＢＡＴＨ,the preacher is cool.
,Recommended,301640,30987850,Posted: 6 April,all,Homeless,Extremely fun game and if you're looking for a challenging game this is it!
,Recommended,301640,28417016,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RedRaven,"Shooting my undead, 100 years old countrymen was rarely that much fun."
76561198208457549,Recommended,301640,29406837,Posted: 21 January,all,[82DK] ZYKLON BAE,too scary
76561198079318485,Recommended,301640,17633716,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Wilhelm Gamer,"I LUV IT THE WEBLEY, THE 12 GAUGE AND THE M1CARBINE I LOVE THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THIS GAME MAN"
76561198111758111,Recommended,301640,23855661,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Elk,im doing this to get up my steam level
,Recommended,301640,17678457,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dystymi,"This game really does have a special place in my heart. Now, I'm reviewing this on the stance that I have played the first two, and replayed them again and again before purchasing this game. Zombie Army Trilogy is a remake/sequel to the surprisingly successful Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army games. This game, while containing remade versions of the first two games, includes and entirely new third chapter. I shall go over the pros and cons, and the final virdict.Pros~- The graphics are VERY nice, and compliment the world and atmosphere greatly.- The soundtrack is very likeable. It reminds me of those 80s horror films with the synth soundtracks.- Gunplay is fantastic. This was a given with a Sniper Elite game.- This is a fantastic co-op game. Team up with up to 4 of your friends to take down the zombie menace!- Kill Hitler. Zombified. If that's not a selling point, I don't know what is.- You can now, unlike the others, play as a female.- For some reason, that I'm NOT complaining about, you can play as the Left 4 Dead characters. M'kay.- Replayability. I went back and was constantly discovering things I didn't see.- The brand new Horde mode. Fight of waves of the undead until your eventual downfall!Cons ~- The AI is not very smart. The only enemy that will give you any REAL trouble is the Heavys.- Voice acting and story is mediocre at best.- The full price. $44.99 is not what this game is worth.Final Virdict: 8.5/10Zombie Army Trilogy offers a fun game to play with your friends when you feel like being a hero and taking down both the Nazi and the Zombie regimes. While still suffering from bugs, I personally recommend this game. It's definately fun, and you won't be disappointed, but it's not worth the $44.99 price tag. I suggest picking it up when it is on sale. Have a great day, and thanks for reading!"
76561198047799353,Recommended,301640,34702481,Posted: 2 September,all,networldsystems,"Heck yeah! I am *not* a zombie shooter fan. Zombie Army Trilogy is probably a good entertainment value at full price; a steal on sale. I bought it after reading a negative review about it not running on hardware like mine (Win10x64/i7/970). I figured that can't be true and I enjoy Sniper Elite 3, so I bought it on sale today. I set it for 'ultra' graphics (1080p). Sure enough, it is all I would have hoped for. That game engine is really nice. Great look, super-fast response, loads and quits quickly, no glitches or crashes and regular PC controls make this game and Sniper Elite 3 fantastic! The third-person view lets you get a good look around. And for you FPS fans, when not bearing a scoped rifle, holding the RMB makes it FPS-like."
,Recommended,301640,26349396,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"Can't remember the last time I had this much of a blast with a co-op shooter.Take Army of Two and sprinkle in some Left 4 Dead with a dash of Wolfenstein; you get Zombie Army Trilogy.If you're a fan of the zombie modes from CoD, this is THE horde-style shooter for you.10/10"
,Recommended,301640,22825803,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,soooperspeed ®,this is a game where the positive reviews are realthis game is great ..zombies ...oh ... zombiesone thing i will pick on but its small is the ammount of ammo and weapons you can carryi would like it too be more as even on easy this game on your own is hardbut thats goodi give this game a solid 9/10 great buy
,Recommended,301640,17805996,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Stomper,Nein out of Ten.
,Recommended,301640,34017075,Posted: 4 August,all,ComradeWinston,"It seems like a dumb concept at this point but it puts pretty much all other zombie games to shame. Based on the Sniper series, the mechanics and theme conspire to great effect."
,Recommended,301640,19300820,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mugknight,"Review from a FPS player.This is really an enjoyable game(killing the nazi is a dream come through especially for gamers that love killing zombies). While your main weapon was a sniper rifle.(You must have good aim and good graphic card so that the game would not hang and all your shots will miss like crazy)For what I like about this game, Firstly, I would really recommend the graphic and the x-ray kill shot but it gets annoying especially when you are fighting with hordes of zombie.Secondly, There are different zombies in this game which make it more interesting(sucider, normal, skeleton, soldier elite/ chainsaw and fully armoured zombie) but this game will get bored after awhile it became repeated.Thirdly, I would recommend gamers that really like nazi(HITLER FANS) but the finally boss is quite easy in my opinion.Overall, I would hope that you will enjoy this game as I do."
,Recommended,301640,34095515,Posted: 7 August,all,'Raikkonen,You think shooting a walking zombie in the head is easy cause it's slow? Try playing this game.
76561198005010321,Not Recommended,301640,23269040,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,✪✪✪Ⓓ.Ⓩ✪✪✪,Bad game.. keep freezing/crashing.. Game support cant resolve.. and no refund due to play time exceed refund requirement.. not to mention the play time was all for testing/try out again as requested by the support team..
76561197999065304,Recommended,301640,33233996,Posted: 4 July,all,Boromyr,Znipe Ze dead NaZis...
,Recommended,301640,31570770,Posted: 5 May,all,DoomyMcDoom,"If you like killing zombies, get this game.If you like killing Nazis, get this game.IF you want to let Zombie Hitler win, don't get this game."
76561197974441077,Recommended,301640,22386917,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ghaz013,"A solid 8.5/10Pros:*For me, some beautiful locations and set pieces to admire as I fight back the WWII era undead.*Varied enemy types, a big plus.*Deaths never felt cheap, I always died becasue of my stupidity or laziness.*Well optimnized, ran flawlessly at 1080p.*Lot of detail and love went into some of the maps/layouts which were a blast to play on.*Graphics are great, some great lighting effects to set the atmosphere and tone of the game.*Varied weapons had their own distinct feel.*Bullet cam, never really got old (Can change the frequency in menu options)*Lengthy campaign and no sight of microtransactions (Which says alot)*Entertaiing boss battles or boss sequences.*25ft Hitler showdown at end of game.*Got the game for $10 on sale.Cons:*No weapon upgrades or progression.*No detailed stastics of how much damage weapons do compared to others.*Little to no story or but the name of the game tells you what youre in for.*Highest difficulty coupled with some tough fights they put you in can be a pain to get through.*Had troble finding a multiplayer game on several occasions.All in all, I had alot of fun with this game, I would give it a solid 8.5/10.  Def worth a buy if its on sale."
76561197975682334,Recommended,301640,26954821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BL{}{}DCL{}T,This is the Greatest ever.
,Recommended,301640,17638790,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Corrosion,Best of the 3. Third episode is awesome.
,Recommended,301640,32159267,Posted: 3 June,all,我是你的偶像~,I shoot hitler in the balls :)
76561198122005688,Recommended,301640,14759702,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FalloutBob,"Great game and a ton of fun, just a couple hours so far but I forsee alot more time with this one.  Recommended for sure."
,Not Recommended,301640,14937879,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Rated R Caparoni,"Its a good zombie game , but doesnt worth the 45$ price tag , maybe 15-20$"
,Recommended,301640,17718010,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Tiny Rick | Farmskins.com,fun and great story line!
76561198021523702,Recommended,301640,17658140,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Imposter,"""Bring a gun. Preferably, bring at least two guns. Bring all of your friends who have guns. Try to get them to bring any of their friends who have guns."""
,Recommended,301640,14829858,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,KönigsTiger,A game that doesn't just involve shooting barely rendered lumps of flesh in the facehole. 10/10
,Recommended,301640,18786757,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mayverick,bam! right in the headbrain. cool weapons and edgy zombies create an experience the whole family can enjoy
76561198244033194,Recommended,301640,20207875,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,VikkiM,"This game has promise, but the graphics lack a polish, even in high.  I wish the guns were better as well.  Overall, not horrible, but a nice storyline would have been nice, for me at least."
76561198079636856,Recommended,301640,21017239,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cameron Cress,Good Game
76561198082233009,Recommended,301640,20597140,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,NeonCatto,"Previously on AMC's The Undead Nazis, wait that's not right"
,Recommended,301640,23088471,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bong paquito,Great Game!!!
,Recommended,301640,29665895,Posted: 3 February,all,Gagner,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThanks to Mr. Sark's YouTube videos/Twitch streams I became a fan. It's a pretty standard zombie game but well made. I Co-Op'ed through the campaign with my dad and we never had any problems with the game itself. The only problems we had were occasionally sucking and getting eaten alive.Pros:- I like that you can turn up the difficulty in 2 different ways. (You can increase the number of zombies separately from making them hit harder. My dad and I chose to increase both because. . .zombies are supposed to be in swarms/deadly)- As difficulty increases realism also starts to come into play. Bullet drop and wind starts to become a thing that you have to be aware of.Cons:- If your low on time this is a hard game to manage. Checkpoints / ""Save Points"" are few and far between sometimes taking several hours to get to.I have the exact same everything to say about this game that I said about Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2. It was another great extension to the franchise and unfortunately the final installment. I can't speak to the Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2 remake's included in this package since my dad and I didn't play those though. We opted to only play the 3rd game since we had just finished the first and second games prior to this coming out and didn't feel like repeating everything again."
76561198258892469,Recommended,301640,23123684,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,V0ID,"HEADSHOT SIMULATOR 2666This games strenght is that it doesn't try to be more than it is. Just pure zombie killing mayhem, satanic images everywhere, gore and just more gore, slow-mo kills, hopelesness in tight spots when you are surrounded by zombies like americans on black friday sales and smoooooth gameplay paired with great controls.Do I recommend this game?Hail Satan"
76561198018706390,Not Recommended,301640,29414149,Posted: 21 January,all,Panchoz19,"I never have written a bad review on a game, I like this game but bought the 4 pack wanting to play with friends and 2 of them currently keep having VERY COMMON AND UNSOLVED game crashing problems on their newly built computers,i7- 6700k, 1060 6gb gpu (evga/msi). the 2 computers that the game working currently are in the 900 gpu series ( mine a 980 and my buddy's is a 960). We tried updating the graphics drivers, reinstalling the game, verifying the integrity in steam but nothing works. I will change my review as soon as this problem is fixed (hopefully with a patch), leave a comment if you have an idea on how to fix it.The game IS FUN, it just has a refund demanding problem."
,Recommended,301640,24100049,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"I like the Sniper Elite series. Of all of them I think this might be the worse though. The first campaign is basically a horde mode with bolt action rifles. No stealth, which was one of my favorite parts of Sniper Elite. I dont know if I should recommend it or not. Its fun, but challenging in a non-fun way. I had to co-op just to complete a few missions. However, as a Co-op game it was pretty fun and we really had to use strategy to survive. So I guess I will recommend it. If you are playing it for stealth it wont work and just buy the other Sniper Elite games. If you are playing it because you want a co-op game it is a great game."
,Recommended,301640,29386536,Posted: 20 January,all,blue,.
,Recommended,301640,16315890,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,de1uxee',10/10
76561197960686181,Recommended,301640,14799790,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Adam,"I read all kinds of reviews saying this was way better than any Nazi zombie game out there. Saying it blew COD Nazi zombies out of the water. No. This game is really cool if you like Sniper Elite 3, then take that and turn it into a zombie game. That's what this is.It's a pretty cool game so far but the aiming is super annoying. Zombies right in front of me, I shoot point blank in the face, and it hits them in the stomach, or flies over their shoulder. Then there are these boss zombies who I can only assume have indestructble metals in their head because they can for some reason take 50 shots from my rifle straight to the face. Then for some reason my ability to kick zombies seems stronger than all my weapons combined. There is nothing overly special about this game.Like I said, I really enjoy Sniper Elite 3, so I do enjoy this game, it's just not as good as everyone is claiming it is."
76561198147644764,Recommended,301640,22874289,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,@Loverino@,I think this game is great truly i really like that creepy enviroment of berlin in the last days of berlin like corpses everywhere etc... And zombies and all that stuff i really do reccomend this!
76561198110041908,Recommended,301640,17923286,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RealG4Life,great zombie game
,Recommended,301640,17635129,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Fred Weasley,it's cool
76561198118714223,Recommended,301640,29073663,Posted: 6 January,all,Nubbly The Moist,yes...
,Recommended,301640,22831940,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,chazene,So realistic...as a sniper enthusiat i can say so many games don't know sniper physics...this is one of the best...AND ZOMBIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197967924670,Recommended,301640,17679242,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,=(eGO)=Tango v1.0,"meh, sniper elite re-skined"
76561197988291840,Recommended,301640,23013614,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,WarGod_Strife,Awesome and multiplayer and did I mention awesome? one of the best undead/unholy themed games ived played.
,Recommended,301640,17666479,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,=^.^= Pumpshotgun Cat Overbeck,"I honestly like the the game, how ever coming without ever playing the prier ones is hard to play it. When the Elite Zombies come, and like for me the game has no sound.If you like Nazi Zombies i suggest it though.*Note: The Reason i got no sound was my headsets, so i got my others and boom!!! THE SOUNDS ARE EPIC!!! CREEPY, and GOREY FUN YOU CAN HAVE!!!*"
,Recommended,301640,17665898,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Our Lord and Saviour Aquaman,"Its a great game! Well, if you like zombies then yeah! If you don't like zombies.... Well, your in for a treat!I tried to play alone but... Im a ♥♥♥♥♥ so I♥♥♥♥♥♥a brick. Multiple bricks.Its amazing to get X-Ray kill on a zombie! You can see their little-wittle brains exploding!Muhahahahah!"
,Recommended,301640,26395608,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,@MiaowMiaow~,Exhausted Nazi quickscoping simulator8/11 would karate-kick nazis again
,Recommended,301640,17649517,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Tails,Buy it! Great sale on a great co-op game.
,Recommended,301640,14978991,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Guybrush Threepwood,"Amazing. The music is kick♥♥♥♥♥ the graphics good, and multiplayer is fantastic. Too bad we can't be 12 players instead of 4..... Love it."
,Recommended,301640,19125685,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Stargod,10/10 would throw the Relic into the pit again.
76561198196649090,Recommended,301640,17765140,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,76561198196649090,"Best game I've played in a long time.-Great Zombie Story-Blood & Gore-Many Weapons-Cool Characters-Killing Nazis is ok and all, but Nazi Zombies is even better!"
,Recommended,301640,23982010,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,'tRuDz',Good gaming atmosphere and really hard game play.A must for all counter strike awperFun during online play
,Recommended,301640,18035444,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Krot,"Let me help you step by step...Go to Zombie Army Trilogy store page on steam.(Buy Zombie Army Trilogy *4-pack if you have friends*) Click [Add To Cart]Click [Purchase for myself] (Purchase as a gift is optional and requires addition information.)DO NOT CLICK [Continue Shopping] <--- This is a scam.Select your Payment method (If you're using a credit card enter your Mothers personal information.)If you're a hotdog munching, mcdonalds craving fatty, check the box next to ""I verify that I live in United States""Click [Continue]Wait for your funds to be transfered...28 days later and still no steam customer supportFinally, ""Zombie Army Trilogy has been added to your Steam library!""Install Zombie Army Trilogy (Make sure you're connect to the Welfare's wifi as it's free and unsecure)28 Months later and your download is finally completeClick [Play] Zombie Army TrilogyWatch the opening scenes (No, this is not a real rebellion)Now click Campaign > Solo playChose your weapon loadout and explosives (limited)Start gameLoad into freeze framesTake your Mac outside and sacrifizzle it to Bill... Gates <3Enjoy"
76561197999178116,Recommended,301640,17685645,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Terminator,"When you play this by yourself, (meaning soloing the missions) this game has a very creepy vibe. Perfect atmosphere. Looking foward to tonight's pilot of Fear the Walking Dead!"
,Recommended,301640,17639630,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Snidacus,Yasssss YAsssssss
76561197997128776,Recommended,301640,16230927,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Vulturius,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a third-person co-op shooter for 4 players. Your enemies are zombies, but they are also Germans at the same time, so you don't feel bad about shooting them."
76561198071509238,Recommended,301640,24583970,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,shakiller875,very fun!
,Recommended,301640,23940424,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jack of Harts,"These games makes close range, panic sniping far more fun than it really should be."
,Recommended,301640,22950486,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Thynome,"I think the developer is good at zombie games as I played other mobile app developed by them such as Zombie HQ, and it was a good game to spent some time on the phone. But I never thought they make computer games, and ZAT shows me how they make a difference between PC and mobile devices. More chapters, bigger maps and more complicated controls.Personally I don't prefer any shooting games that are not first person view. Though this one is like a third-person shooter for me, I found it very easy to get on to the controls. The long range adjustments, stability and range of weapons are well detailed, which make the weapon selection very significant to the tactics you use.The sound in game is stunning. In my very personal point of view the musics are great, together with the roar of zombies,   the sound of gun fire and some mysterious/creppy sound effect(don't want spoil it, so find them yourself) made up the intense and thirll atmosphere. Sometimes the background music is strange, in a chapter you kill tough zombies with a very moody, kinda peaceful background sound. Also, the use of children laughter and voice is very creepy, I still can't find what makes those sound, they really put my heart at edge.(I am scared to face an enemy who makes sound like that, must be very powerful:p)There are some aspects of this game I don't think is good. Such as the little bit dull story line. Characters don't speak themselves, you can only hear radios and the voice of unknown as guidance. Type of zombies are limited, the only challenge is the number of them are huge. And the last bit, I bought the game at a discount, the original price is little bit high for me.Note for multiplayers: I tried it many times, seems like not many people online. And aim&fire won't be that easy in single-player mode, there is a latency when you kill, other players can block your bullet, and most important, in default settings the amount of zombies will be much more than in single-player, it requires teamwork."
,Recommended,301640,17679226,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Youtube (Friickin Mike),Good game to have when playing with friends!
76561198077215277,Recommended,301640,24079968,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Random Adventurer,"+nazi+nazi zombie+nazi zombie hitler+nazi zombie hitler ghost+nazi zombie hitler ghost devil-the game force you to play with the sniper riffle because it has most of the ammunition of the 3 types of weapens(even more than the pistol,which is strange since the pistol dmg are bad compared to the sniper)."
,Recommended,301640,32804963,Posted: 26 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,you can play as coach 100/100
,Recommended,301640,17662771,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Zanriel,"I don't like zombie games (in principle, with a few exceptions) and I've never played any of the Sniper games before this one. Buut I have to admit this game is really kinda fun! The first time you go into the first mission, you have to snipe a zombie. Well, you could just walk up to it and shoot it with a pistol but this game is mostly about sniping zombies. Anyhow, when you do that, right away, you get this thing that comes up saying ""Headshot at 20.2 meters, 50 points."" or whatever. Cool. Keep getting headshots and kills and you get a combo multiplier that vastly increases the points you earn. Then when you get a tricky long range shot, the camera goes into slo-mo pans around the bullet, following it to and through the target. What's even cooler is when you manage to take out two or three targets at once with a single shot. Wow! And the points keep rolling in. There are also achievements for doing certain things like knocking a zombie to the ground and then blowing its head off. You get a gold star!This game is friggin fun. It tickles the reward centers and makes you want to keep playing. I've done a little bit of the co-op and it's interesting, but you lose the bullet cam. You also get a leaderboard up in the corner of the screen so it makes it a little competitive as you're trying to keep up with your teammate on points and combos (or vice versa)."
76561198070829734,Recommended,301640,29038371,Posted: 5 January,all,T-elos,"Awesome zombie-sniper game. Just finished solo campaign, it's far better than I first thought.Kinda repetitive but the game give you the feeling to want more.+ different from Left 4 Dead+ x-ray+ each weapon have different strategies+ long range kill gives awesome feelings+ good story+ graphic improvement+++ FUN AS HEIL- hard to find players online- kicking makes things too easy sometimes- the rpg are useless (too weak)Recommended for all who loves zombies theme."
,Recommended,301640,17678657,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Stephanie the goth,great game all round
,Recommended,301640,32752779,Posted: 24 June,all,{F13}khorne berzerker,fun killing zombies all in a ww2 setting
76561198059278288,Recommended,301640,22823307,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Another Happy Landing,a game Hitler would be proud of 10/10
76561198003180057,Recommended,301640,19277280,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Reverend Bob,"Do you really like shooting Zombies in the Head ? Then you will like this game. Consider this my condensed review...Still here.. Well then...You shoot, you run, you get trapped by magic fog, but that's OK because you get to shoot Zombies in the head. Would you like to play an open world shooter where decisions matter to the story ? That's not this game, but you do get to shoot Zombies in the head. You can play in co-op mode, Shoot even more Zombies in the head with your friends. Turn on or off Friendly fire, your choice.The Game is linear, it's ""old school"" console man, meaning you can't save your progress,  ever!  Each time you start a level, you'll play without the resources you worked so hard to collect, no one knows why, best not to think about it too much. You have the Peta factor of playing thru a whole level just to get to the boss battle you quite last time because you were frustrated with being surrounded and thus couldn't shoot Zombies in the head fast enough.   Ain't Old school charming, but; you get to shoot Zombies in the head.There are zombies:                     Shoot in the head.Elite Zombies that shoot back:  Shot in the head; a lot.Zombies with explosives:           Shoot anywhere.Sniper Zombies:                          Ditto.Zombies en fuego:                      DittoZombies summoning other zombies: Shoot in the head.Overall, there is a lot of shooting, you can also kick.It's an entertaining game, if a bit repetitive, It's not immersive, the story is as shallow as a Presidential candidate, but some battles are creative, you can blow things up, some zombies are on fire, and there is gratuitous Zombie shooting, in the Head.Is it art ? alas no, but you get to shoot Zombies in the head."
,Recommended,301640,19283237,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alex,
,Recommended,301640,19189673,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Talal 11,░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,301640,27620157,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spee,Zombie Hitler just needs a hug.
76561198068037829,Recommended,301640,27863186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BuzzyD,THIS IS A GAME BASED AROUND SHOOTING AND ZOMBIES.... I LIKE BOTH THESE THINGS AND THE AREAS U PLAY IN ARE FUN ...THERE ARE GUNS AND BAD GUYS AND U CAN CHAN
,Recommended,301640,32693007,Posted: 23 June,all,Logical,"The Game author, is a sick man haha."
76561198086264946,Recommended,301640,29401643,Posted: 21 January,all,pagger08,one of the best zombie games! blood guts n brains.
,Recommended,301640,29401633,Posted: 21 January,all,AAcat,"It's a good game, would be great if it had comunity mods. Dont play Elite Sniper dificulty on public lobbies, unless you get blessed with a god good team."
76561198057208454,Recommended,301640,31422215,Posted: 28 April,all,Ssdd,5
76561198093615104,Recommended,301640,26305788,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,encampedweevil3,Headshot simulator
76561198176224639,Recommended,301640,23996397,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,infectedsniper6,good game
76561198143897220,Recommended,301640,23984019,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rykertorrin,Overall great series and ridiculus fun to sink hours into.
,Recommended,301640,17663624,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sunvey & SeKa,"its very funny with playing co op, and also terrify when u play alone, its still good *-*"
76561198315627293,Recommended,301640,29399634,Posted: 21 January,all,PrometheanKnight,Really awesome game!
,Recommended,301640,29385055,Posted: 20 January,all,ocneZ,"Hey, It's Pretty Good!"
76561198015319084,Recommended,301640,17987102,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SUNFLOWERVENOM,very fun yes....very fun indeed
,Recommended,301640,18014367,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"This game is amazingly fun. Graphics are superb. Sometimes the endless headhot animations can be annoying, but that just means you are owning some nazi's :D I was waiting for this to come down in price - its a steal :D"
76561198038167396,Recommended,301640,23258702,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[EPS] Salubrin,Nice
76561198138340760,Recommended,301640,34027200,Posted: 4 August,all,GirlGotGame101,Really enjoy this game.  Great to play with friends. The fact that Hitler is in it makes it much better
76561198114356862,Recommended,301640,17668193,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Slow Fap,"I bought this game thinking it would be like the sniper elite series. It's not really. I didn't find the zombie A.I. difficult enough and I didn't feel like it captured the same achievement I would get for getting a good shot on an enemy as I did when playing the Sniper elite games.Otherwise, if you like slaying Nazi zombies with blood, guts exploding at every shot and more gore than a Quinten Tarentino film then I say go for it because gameplay is still solid, slow-mo x-ray shots look cool when shooting zombies and who doesnt enjoy battling against a horde of zombies with your best mates, or total strangers...7/10"
76561198156711209,Recommended,301640,34045461,Posted: 5 August,all,Zenith001,Actually has the balls to have a swastika unlike sniper elite games.
,Recommended,301640,34073287,Posted: 6 August,all,Mohcine_OT,"nice game, it's good and simple to run even in low performance pc , nice graphics. i suggest it."
,Recommended,301640,23008007,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,VitalxStingerz,"If you've ever played sniper elite or any of the previous installments then you'll love this. It's definatly worth the price. 6 hours of the game and I love it to bits, such a good zombie experience if you like those type of games. 9/10"
,Recommended,301640,28331070,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,[RG]R_Jay,A good zombie game for those who loves to play online or multiplayer with someone
,Recommended,301640,29899451,Posted: 13 February,all,Galuh.AK,Zombie2 :P hahaha .
76561198082366699,Recommended,301640,34113805,Posted: 8 August,all,I Am Seven,play if you are brave enough! you get to breathe only when you get to the safe room other than that you dont!
76561198112397200,Recommended,301640,21031720,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Black_Fortune,It scared me s***t out of me xD Best zombie game ever :D9/10
,Recommended,301640,21116870,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kesh,Good Game 10/10 its fun And i play it. ITS FUN ASF PLAY IT FREAKING PLAY IT FFS
76561198086552423,Recommended,301640,21063486,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,m00ni71,Great zombie shoot em up
76561198283140638,Recommended,301640,23812818,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jeremyparks13,if you have 4 friends to play this with i highly recomned
76561197970435474,Recommended,301640,26301739,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Vargas78,The single player is kind of average but as a multiplayer Zombie Army Trilogy is a really cool game with some great co-op gameplay but since i moved to south america a year ago it's not really been possible to just use the drop in/drop out multiplayer anymore. But if youre in an area with higher pc gamer density you should be alright. And consider it. Personally i think it's way better than the more popular call of duty nazi zombie game modes.
,Recommended,301640,34236037,Posted: 14 August,all,漆霁的男朋友,">Playing nazi zombie game> got to public match> type in chat: Hitler did nothing wrong> ""are you for real?""> host kid ends the match because he got too triggered in games about nazi10/auschwitz"
76561198139119205,Recommended,301640,27900362,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,John,很难有一款游戏让人一遍又一遍的屮僵尸屮的那么爽！
,Recommended,301640,14772779,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,zerGoot,One of the best coop games yet. It runs awesome and looks great.
76561197978193826,Not Recommended,301640,26437223,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,James_W12345,"got this for 6 quid on steam sale. which was a decent price for it, as limited as the content is.If i had payed the full price (£30 atm) then I would be mad as hell, because there are only a few maps and ""storymode"" is linear and not that much different to horde mode."
,Not Recommended,301640,33707582,Posted: 21 July,all,Conzo,"Got this on sale, only really played it solo but it gets repetitive and tries very, very hard to follow in left 4 deads footsteps, but those boots are just too big for it to fill. If you're looking for a 4 player zombie shooting co-op game I'd definately weigh L4D and Killing floor a lot more fitting of peoples tastes, if you want a good sniper game just stick to sniper elites main series stuff. The hordes are not fun to snipe. Most of the time you're just using explosives/Shotguns anyways"
76561198022062425,Recommended,301640,14779778,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,CrazyFingersὡ™,"I suggest this to CO-OP gamers and zombie lovers, it's a great game I highly recommend you play it."
,Recommended,301640,19472675,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,LOVE♥♥♥XPJ,Good game when u cannot fall asleeP (nice time-killer)
76561198129006714,Recommended,301640,21826398,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Toni,"I wasn't too hot for this game on launch but after looking more into it and purchasing it on sale for like $15, I really came to enjoying it. If you didn't already pick up the first 2 then I highly recommend that you pick this up but only if it's on sale, this is not worth $50. 8/10"
,Recommended,301640,21006315,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ʸᵒᵘʳ Senpai,"One of the best zom zom games!The game is very hard at the easiest difficulty but once you get past all of that, it's not that bad. The game is very fun and gives you that adrenaline rush when you face off against the hordes of the undead. it is made more difficult since you have to blast their brains out to actually kill them. There are special zombies that will ruin your day, especially if it's that Suicidal Zombie when you have Stormtrooper aim.In other words, get it and don't ask questions!"
,Recommended,301640,21070125,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MeinSchweppes,good left 4 dead replacement
76561198150552523,Recommended,301640,21033720,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Midami Senju,very stimulating! Especially when you accomplish a level that you have been working on for a week!
,Recommended,301640,21550083,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shinomiya,"Your rifles and pistols ran out of ammunition? No problem here!Trust in your kung fu kicking skills to be the strongest weapon you have in this game!And did i mention that nazi zombies are more civilized than modern zombies as they choose to bludgeon you to death with bones, broken glass bottles, and guns instead of biting you?Even the super elites agree so as they bludgeon you to death with their MG42s instead of gunning you to death!10/10 will continue to believe that melee > guns."
,Recommended,301640,21019624,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,'Dread,One of the funnest zombie games I have played.love watching my bullet pierce a zombies body
,Not Recommended,301640,29434568,Posted: 22 January,all,llisperzhang,"I'm more or less ok with the game content. but the chineses translatations really disappoint me! all texts are translated by machine and I can't even get a little understanding of any of it!for example:""Campaigns"" is ""宣传"" ?? excuse me ?? shouldn't it be ""战役"" ?""Reload"" is ""刷新"" ?? what ?? I had a feeling that i was browsing a website instead of playing a game because I might have to 刷新(Refresh) the page from time to times !For a game like this one which is mainly about shooting things that moves with your friends, you don't have to do a translation thats sucks to increase your target audience. regardless of which language we use, we would've liked it just by the look of it. BUT if a translation was decided to be done, AT LEAST do it properly."
76561198017616122,Recommended,301640,29381129,Posted: 20 January,all,lorentz32,like
,Recommended,301640,34589460,Posted: 29 August,all,Kharakian,Pretty solid zombie shooter
76561198316258128,Recommended,301640,34700246,Posted: 2 September,all,ZombixXxPL,the best coop zombie game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,24896021,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Phantom,It's better then cod zombies
,Recommended,301640,34706989,Posted: 3 September,all,Last Determiner,"+s+ smooth gameplay+ 10-20 charactars+ many levels and objectives-s- match making takes a lot to find players , and mostly finds only 1 player i mean u need to be lucky to be a part of 4 players lobbyat all thumbs up."
76561198039856731,Recommended,301640,21856175,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SmeggyEggyDip,fug yeah boom headshot Dr Efram Schweiger in the house
,Recommended,301640,28428131,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Goose,You get to send Hitler to hell. 10/10
76561198090347357,Recommended,301640,28482243,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ungroovygords,Decent linear zombie game. Good to play in co-op with various weapons and equipment
76561198189550397,Recommended,301640,28365330,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Erwin_Von_Braun,"This is one of those where I wish Steam would give me a third 'recommendation' option - kind of a 'meh' button.Reason is, in solo play, this game becomes tiresome very quickly, mainly because there is no real sense of progress, it's just 'move to this spot & defend against the hoarde' over & over again, only occasionally interrupted by a slightly harder to kill boss.I know this sounds a little harsh, but at times this just feels like a glorified tower defense game.On the positive side the bullet mechanics are really good fun, and the weapons have a good sense or realism, unfortunately you soon realise that there are onlyt a couple that stand out and are considerably more effective zombie slayers and this massively contributes to the games overriding sense of 'meh'HOWEVER...................This game is spectacular fun in co-op multiplayer, which is why I'm going to recommed it - even tho part of me wants to say noTo sum up, by all means get this if you love a social slaughter-fest with your chums, but if you are looking for a decent solo shooter, wait until DOOM is on sale & get that instead"
76561198093565808,Recommended,301640,28757332,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Xtrifor,Amazlng game . Got it for 3 dollors during winter sale . :P
76561198072701579,Recommended,301640,28791110,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SexyGamerChickxoxo,"Was super cheap on sale, love playing co-op on this, definatly worth buying"
,Recommended,301640,29121873,Posted: 8 January,all,Henrik,"Fun and creepy. Get some friends to play with (at least for the campaign) as you'll need it. The atmosphere is great, the first time i played it (solo) it scared the sh*t out of me and i went and got a friend to play with me. You get used to it but some of it can give you the chills. Soundtrack is amazing (in my opinion). It's got that theme song that you'll find yourself humming at random times. The community is shrinking but there are still plenty of people willing to play it.Price;too expensive for how short it is. Not saying it is a short game, but it doesn't take more than 15 hours to finish the campaign on Marksman difficulty. I got this for the Steam Winter Sale 2016 for 9 dollars. it is not worth the full 45 unless you really think you are going to play the hell out of it. Wait for a sale as it is much less painful to shell out 9 dollars for this than 45."
,Recommended,301640,31761763,Posted: 14 May,all,On-3,"TLDR    BUY IT!It's worth it!They say this started of or is DLC for snipre elite but honestly after playing nearly 30 hours and finishing the campaign? This isnt DLC in the vein of what DLC is, no, this is a full on game!I ran through the first two games and got hung up in a few arears for a while now and then, and yes I cussed kicked and screamed but when I finally cleared those arears boy did it feel good!That's the point really, how the game makes you feel do you enjoy the experience?Coming from a guy who doens't really like FPS games except if they have a really great story I can tell youthis doesn't have a great story but boy is this head shot simulator fun, challenging, not boring and worth your time!It's one of the few games I've played and felt like It was a really good purchase.I like the controls, the third person perspective (this is great for people who get virtigo like some friends of mine)The story is cheezy but who cares I even enjoyed that and tossing that zomby dictator down into hells pit!Infact the only thing I can complain about this game really is it's lengthIt's three games really and after playing the first two through and getting to within a stones throw of the end of the thirdliterally two chapters to the end I just stopped playing for months, why?uhh it got too long for me..Honestly that's my only complaint. I don't have loads of time on my hands for gaming and I like short games.so for normal gamers who have loads of time you can tell that this will keep you busy for a while.I do enjoy the game play and pace and I imagine that the online aspect of this game will keep any one coming back for more. I wish I had the time to explore that aspect of it and maybe I will one day (hopefully the game will still be popular then) but right now I've had my fill got my monies worth and moving on to other titles.Buy it or buy the first title and or second. If you like those give the third a go. You'll like itGreat head shot sim!"
76561198401531624,Recommended,301640,34474680,Posted: 24 August,all,Knoxxvile,Zombie And Sniper Damn It's Hard To Play But It's Fun To Play With Friends
,Not Recommended,301640,34349771,Posted: 19 August,all,Darth Edison,"This game not meant to be played solo! Its fun at start and gets boring real quickly. Bullet cam looks cool, but do you want to watch every bullet cam while you shooting hordes of zombies? Getting some unknown crash only in co-op mode, have to turn down the graphics setting to minimum to play, however in solo mode, it doesn't crash at all."
,Recommended,301640,21805213,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Saphiren,Left 4 dead with an emphasis on sniper rifles.
,Recommended,301640,14819060,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Triumph,"I have the first one, so I got 15$ off the price of this. If you have both the first and the second, this will only cost you 15$, basically you'll be paying for the games you don't have already. That discount runs until April 3rd. So now is the time to get this, especially if you already have the first 2.This version runs very smooth and feels a little smoother as a result.  It's also nice to have all of the chapters thrown into one game, including the new third nza."
,Recommended,301640,34313602,Posted: 17 August,all,Ame ♡,"The game is not hard, if change the mode into only on player, but the atmosphere is too depress.Luckily, I have a confidante, we play together, we chat together, if you play it alone, you may have a chest distress.She gives me a lot of relief.The screen effect is not clear, such as, sometimes it works with bug, the player got stuck in the air wall; Completing the current task, but you cannot get into the next scene quickly;The former two chapter are very boring and like the same.The gun disappeared when the  body is gone."
,Not Recommended,301640,14775788,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,crap at the game but,"okay, for a TL:DR - I absolutely love this game.EDIT - advice has changed to ""DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME"" because the developers have abandoned it.yes yes yes, nazi zombies have been done before, in fact in the prequels to this game as well as a few other places. This game began as a spin-off of Sniper Elite V2, which is a third-person shooter with stealth and gravity and wind to make it more complicated. that game didn't get as high a rating as it deserved, probably because it was overshadowed by much more popular titles. The developers, apparently, after completion of SE:V2, had some time on their hands, and so they decided to see how many NPCs could be active in the game engine, and zombie AI is easy to program, so the first Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army was born as not much more than a standalone DLC to it's parent game. then, a year later, Sniper Elite: Nazi Zonbie Army 2 appeared, with some better graphics and much better AI and physics. As these were never released for consoles, and the developers wanted that market, they decided to package this trilogy together, and release it soon after Sniper Elite 3, as that title and this one share a lot of the engine updates.there are more classes of enemy in the third chapter, and the first two chapters have been re-mastered in the updated engine but have been left much the same. the chainsaw dudes are honestly terrifying when they run at you, and they are harder to put down than the Elite (big guys with machine guns) as well as being covered in steel plate armour. there are many improvements in AI, including zombies now having the ability to climb up ledges, and there are also occasionally survivor NPC to rescue. one definite highlight is still the battle on top of the Flak tower at the climax of the second episode.Each episode is five levels, which if you take your time should take about 45 minutes each, which brings the entire game time up to about 12 to 15 hours for the campaign, and several more for Horde mode, where zombies just come at you in increasingly difficult waves.seriously, when you are in the safehouses, stick around and listen to the messages on the radio during the third chapter. they get pretty spooky. unlike in the first two chapters, a theme that is (only very tentatively) explored is the horror of people converting from human to zombie, but considering this is just an action-shooter (there is extremely little stealth involved) it isn't really explored much, which is good. you don't want to have to think to be able to have fun with the ridiculous premise of this game. happily, it doesn't take itself too seriously, and there are subtle jokes in every location, although you have to look for a lot of them.about the only thing i found bad about it was the multiplayer system and lobby, but the developers are active and listen to the community, and hopefully that will change to a type similar to that of Sniper Elite V2 and 3, where you have a choice of what game server you want to play on, and hopefully that change will be easy to implement and will happen soon.it's good mindless fun. watch Adolf Hitler kill his generals, die and become a zombie himself, and then shoot Zombie Hitler. uruuughhhhhhhh hnn hnn hnnnn groawrrrrrrrrrrrr (that's zombie for ""shoot them in the head"")"
76561198090392164,Recommended,301640,34371731,Posted: 20 August,all,.50Æ Ghost,"If you like WWII guns/atmospheres, Zombies, and better yet Nazi Zombies, this is obviously a must play game for you. Also if you enjoyed Re4 you would probably enjoy this.Of all games that go for one thing or another, this game completely and totally nails and perfectly pulls off EXACTLY what it is going for. That is to say, the presentation is done excellently. There is a lot of detail put into it. The atmosphere is, atmospheric as all get out. A very different game. The level design is very well done.The graphics are great to look at and the WWII period Rifles, weapons and explosives are very tasteful.The difficulties are also varied nicely; easiest allowing you to sit back and relax, ""Sniper Elite"" and quantities of enemies set to ""Elite"" provide a heart-pumping, adrenaline fueled challenge.I mean, this MUST be THE DEFINITIVE ""Nazi Zombie"" game.I disagree strongly with some of the negative comments in reviews with very few hours.While playing, I figured out a lot about how to play this game (how the scoring system works) and will be writing a guide for it, as it is pretty clearly evident from playing that many players have no idea how certain things work, which is odd, because I found it rather self-explanatory in almost every case. ) Maybe it's just everybody apparently feels compelled to pass judgement after an hour or two of play and write a review, lol. If you don't believe me check my screenshot of solo horde score. I'm unsure if others have hacked to get their high score in horde, but I don't hack any game, ever.Seriously, there are a lot of folks who don't understand how the game works, that is, how to play and get a high score. I see it time after time. Unfortunately things often mess up much faster with more people, and I often enjoy playing solo as well as co-op. It's easy to learn and becomes better when you know how to play; how each bullet and explosive counts, etc.. When to run/lead Zombies away in a circle so you can revive, etc..Aside from that it's just a bloodbath; you shoot zombie's in the head...a lot. Put it this way, if you enjoyed Resident Evil 4, you will probably enjoy this a lot too, even though there is no pause to weapon change mechanic. This is a little bit faster paced since you have to think on your feet. It's a lot of fun. To me what is fun is the tension that can happen and trying to get a high combo and score. I will explain how to. The thing is when you figure out the formula it changes how you play a lot and how it goes.I can honestly say I've enjoyed basically every second of playing this.Great game. Great playing solo, or 2-4 player co-op. Horde mode as well. I'll play this with you if you get it.Well, there's not much else to say. I don't know what to give this game besides a 10/10...the lowest I would give it would be 9/10.It's optimized well, it has 3 campaigns in one, the graphics are great to look at, it has in game mic support. Mouse and controller support, spontaneously, as every game should have, so, great.The music is good and very fitting. Your heart will thump and pump, sometimes out of your chest. Can you keep your nerve?You can play as the entire Left 4 Dead cast, from both L4D 1 and 2. What are you waiting for?Playing this may have some addictive qualities.Definitely recommended. Unless you don't like gore. But in that case you're probably not looking at this."
,Recommended,301640,22000798,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Bl4ck*,Simply a good zombie slasher!
76561197977800696,Recommended,301640,22856277,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sgt Ppffffff,This is actually a great game.  Once you get hone your reflexes on the sniping and learn how to strategize it gets even fun.
,Recommended,301640,19808898,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,✪ OberSp[A]ltPilz,"Pros:Nice (long) ""Story""Nice weaponsNice world/effectsFull controller supportAwesome (small) communityGameplay at allContras:Price 41,99€ on Steamsmall community, so if you wanna play online/multiplayer it can happen, that there isn't any server/lobby runningConclusion:It is definitly an awesome game. So buy it and play it if u like to kill thousands of zombies and shooting off some ugly heads! Btw I bought it on a steam sale, so I only paid 12,99€. So if its too expensive for you, just wait for the next steam sale :)"
,Recommended,301640,14757658,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,QUICKRICH,Zombie Army Trilogy Review Simple Layout v0.1Positives+New Engine (Runs much smoother than previous)+Dismemberment is brutal :)+Much harder than before I think :)+Game makes you jump quite a bit+Horde mode is amazing (Please add DLC horde maps)Negatives-Few fps drops with huge amount of zombies-Texture pops when zooming inOveral great game not much to fault from the price (Owned Previous 2) Would highly recommend it if you like zombie games. (Much harder difficulity level over cod etc)
,Not Recommended,301640,17684222,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,"Really not worth your money in my honest opinion... The campaign is a slow haul through corridors of zombies, in a game about snipers there is is no opportunity for range. There's literally nothing to do within horde mode and I found the gunplay severly lacking. It's a pretty game, but it's just another dumb popcorn shooter, not worth the £29.99 or even £10.19 sale price. On top of this I encountered frequent stuttering and freezes, not a good experience."
,Recommended,301640,29386887,Posted: 20 January,all,Dio,"Can be a tad repetitive and isn't really fun unless you have friends to play it with. A good alternative to Left 4 Dead, for sure."
,Not Recommended,301640,34009307,Posted: 3 August,all,jokes,my favorite part of the game is the first mission when it crashes and rebellion refuses to fix it
76561198034105508,Recommended,301640,15679501,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,joemintball,another great installment to the 2 previoiuse games and a hell of a lot more to lookout for during the game
,Not Recommended,301640,20565537,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,( MI ) Mission Incredible,"The game plays great. Only one I have found in the staff side of Rebellion Support is worthy of comment. Don't assume your going to play this game and reach for the star of First Place. There is a serious bug in their database that they cannot figure out. I managed to get to that star, and fall over the edge with a negative 2.1 billion point glitch.I had to go an unusual route to get the Rebellion staff to wake up, hats off to Paul for kicking them in the pants and getting them to answer my request after 2 months.I had a goal - now I am not too sure I want to try to dig myself out of an existing hole and climbe up that ladder twice as high.The game over all plays pretty decent. There are a few bugs here and there, but overall the game is OK. A team of 4 can have a blast in most situations. take advantage of your surroundings when the time is ripe. There is a coop campaign, which seems very short, and a Horde mode which lacks a good selection of maps.  These can be played on a variety of difficulty levels, whether coop or solo.I have a unique situation, to become #1 of nearly 200,000 players who have tried this game. I think the respect for such commitment should come from within the manufacturing of the product at hand. Don't shove me an inferior product, then thell me the issue cannot be recreated or fixed. Its not only my issue, there are at least 6 others in the same boat. Its a damn shame support is slow to respond and certain internals of the game is broke."
76561198023549097,Not Recommended,301640,23808850,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Buck Schnizzzel,"I've had Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2 in my library for a couple of years and I always really liked them. They were great games. How incredibly disappointed I was when I bought this pile of crap. For some idiotic reason they decided to make the guns so much less effective in this version. Even a direct head hit won't always be a kill. The submachine guns are almost useless against them. You have to hit them several times in the head to kill them, negating the usefulness smgs had in large hordes or for when you got cornered by a group. You don't carry enough ammo to make the smg worth even having anymore.The original 2 still kick a55 but the Trilogy is not worth bothering with. The novelty of being able to choose a character from L4D doesn't really make up for it. And it would be nice to be able to play the third chapter but the screwed over gameplay has removed any interest in bothering with it.This release sucks. I'm pi55ed I was duped into paying for it. I'm glad it was on special"
,Not Recommended,301640,15082950,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hodor (KiCk3R),"I haven't found this game as enjoyable as I hoped.I already own NZ1+2 so I only bought this to play Chapter 3.Anyhow, in a nutshell, it's the same as NZ1+2. A couple of variations (NPC support / couple of new zombies), but nothing major.The ""kicking"" is far too over powered. Two kicks in less than a second = instakill.The new hoard mode is too easy. It doesn't add harder difficulty throughout the waves.Having said that, I only paid £12 for the game. I wouldn't spend any more than that.OH and one more thing... the developers really enjoyed putting Shaun of the Dead quotes in this game. Which was great, but repetitive after a while! - ""You've got red on you""."
76561198015743787,Recommended,301640,15338444,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ClickURdead,"If you played against call of duty zombies and liked it, then you will love this game."
76561198021757575,Recommended,301640,22853873,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,EXTRA♥♥♥♥♥♥10 TIMES THE FUN!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,301640,23828498,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tanya von Degurechaff,"It can be fun for awhile, but I really wouldn't recommend it. In my opinion the Sniper Elite style of gameplay doesnt mix well with zombie hordes, and I really found myself bored when playing."
76561198044629701,Recommended,301640,14769787,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ChaosWarrior,thouhg i only played 30 mins which i suppose shall not allow me to review buti finished First mission which was awesomenice improvments in this game and much chracters
,Not Recommended,301640,17683425,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,st066by,"First and Second Game have the same problems like the Trilogy, Chrashes randomly doesnt matter which Setting is used...Really bad implementation and no bug fixing or patching in plan as it seems... It's defenitly a scam by the Publisher, and no refund possible after 2 hours playtime. Really good work A**holes!!"
,Recommended,301640,14764559,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,The Dank Knight,Zombies? CheckCo op? CheckGore? CheckPreacher? CheckThis game is loads of fun.
,Recommended,301640,28398208,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dark matter,It is a good way to destroy your friendship.  lol
76561198018771921,Not Recommended,301640,34071730,Posted: 6 August,all,LORD OF THE NAUGHTY BUNS,It's not an ambitious game. The best part of this game is the music. I bet the music scares the hell out of small children. The problem with this game is no one plays this game past the third level. I've been trying to play the last three levels on the this game on multiplayer off and on for a year on easy....No on will join.......The servers are all nearly empty and those that are near full are always the first three levels.....
,Not Recommended,301640,34468821,Posted: 24 August,all,Shpeckledorf,I personally thought it was boring
,Not Recommended,301640,23089387,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,White Rhino PSO,"Do not in any way, shape, or form think that this game can seriously be played solo.Yes, the game has the option. You can pick whatever difficulty and the game will tailor the number of zombies to your number of players, or a higher number if you're really feeling masochistic. And yes, the early stages of the very first mission will be playable and maybe even enjoyable as you snipe Nazi zombies at long range in glorious slow-motion and watch the bullet tumble away like a drunken ballerina. But, trust me, it won't take long before the fun starts to dry up. Why?Hordes.There are points within that first mission where you're forced to stand your ground and deal with a massive number of zombies. This seems pretty standard fare for games in the zombie genre, so it's not something I didn't expect. But that's also exactly where Zombie Army Trilogy loses its fun factor.Zombie Army Trilogy is basically Sniper Elite v2 but with zombies instead of living, breathing, Nazi soldiers. This means that the enemy has no sense of self-preservation whatsoever, and will simply continue to shuffle in your direction - and they always know where you are, regardless of whether they've seen you or not. You'll simply hear a howling sound from nearby, and then there they come, hobbling your way. In areas where there's a long run-up between you and the enemy, or in buildings where you have to switch to a secondary weapon like a shotgun or pistol, this is fine.Partway through the first mission, however, there's a big crossroads intersection. At first, targets spawn in small waves from one of the different directions the roads take. But then they start spawning from every direction at once. If you try to use your rifle, the weapon this game and Sniper Elite v2 are all but crafted around, then you'll die. If you try to use your secondary weapons outside of a shotgun, you'll die.If you've got a dedicated group of friends who you can count on to want to play co-op games any time you ask, then give Zombie Army Trilogy a shot when it's on a deep discount during one of Steam's bi-yearly sales. If you're like me, and you do most of your gaming alone whether you want to play solo or not, then I'd seriously think twice before buying this game. And because my experience is the latter, I'm marking this game as ""Not Recommended."""
76561198103082240,Recommended,301640,21994950,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,【HAN】falcofyc,Hitler speaks english10/10would speak again
,Recommended,301640,22819012,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,"Sniper Elite meets Left 4 Dead, in all of the best ways to make a great tongue-in-cheek zombie shooter.3rd-person/marksmanship focused shooting we all love from Sniper Elite & only a headshot will reward you with a kill on most conventional baddies; where the squad bassed mechanics and level layouts are fresh from the Left 4 Dead build. All in all it makes for a rather fun, fast-paced, and often intense shooter that is best played with friends - as the more people you have in gamne - THE MORE ZOMBIES YOU GET TO SLAY! =DNothing to really gripe about off-hand, but it's also nothing revolutionary by any means; Solid 8/10 as a fun game with familiar mechanics served up with a nice dash of Johnnys Seasoning-Salt to mix things up.Remember - Until the head is gone, the threat lives on."
,Recommended,301640,17653818,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ACIDZOMBIE6516,Quite enjoyable game
,Recommended,301640,15134720,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GodUhWar,"Great fun for the whole family, including new borns.It's never too  early to learn how to dominate a Nazi Zombie"
,Not Recommended,301640,22989559,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MagicMushroom,"Pros- Xray kill cam is cool- Wide selection of snipers, sumbmachine guns and pistols that all have different characteristics- Interestung concept of fighting Zombes in the ruins if Berlin- Is fun with freinds for a brief time- Is good for when you have nothing better to do- Optomisation is decent- Overall textures and graphics are goodCons- Zombies can be extremely irritating- Combat is increadibly repetative- Blood textures are quite poor- Main characters have no voice overs- Poor cut scenes- Feels like this game should have just been a DLC for Sniper Ellite III (and i normally hate those three letters)- If you ae looking for a horror this game has almost zero fear factor- There are better Zombie games such as LFD2 and Black OppsOverall Judgment 5/10 = do not buy this game unless its on sale i paid £5.89 and it is only nearly worth that much."
76561197997777601,Recommended,301640,31907745,Posted: 22 May,all,billy098,"its a really  cool game ,  been nice if it had a flame thrower  tho"
,Not Recommended,301640,34728885,Posted: 3 September,all,H8RCloudStrife,"Not worth the money. I'm totally in for a game with shooting tons of zombies, I just would have expected more from the guys that made Sniper Elite. You walk 20 feet, zombies or skeletons spawn in front of you in droves. That's it. That's the whole game. It's not particularly fun, there's little to no challenge, and even the horde mode is just monotonous."
,Recommended,301640,23758197,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bubur Ayam,Headshot Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,301640,17658711,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,TLN | Dragon,This is  a very very good game..
,Recommended,301640,34702010,Posted: 2 September,all,mi name jeff,It's L4D 3    ...     ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,301640,17709568,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,💕 Yamplay 💕,สนุกมากเลยคร้าบบ
,Recommended,301640,33256159,Posted: 4 July,all,Ax Le Perv,"its like L4D but needs more sense and aim for not gonna become nazi zombie's dinner table sidedishand yeah, i really enjoy this one"
76561197981569643,Not Recommended,301640,18987046,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lupus Yonderboy,"On the fence about whether or not to reccommend this game. It really seems like fun, but one of the things that sucks about PC gaming is never knowing how well the game is going to place on your PC. You read the reccommended specs and more than meet them, watch gameplay footage and compare the the resolution of the graphics and mechanics vs another game on your PC and try to make a reasonable judgement and fall completely on your face. There's nothing terribly complex or high end in this game, watching videos I thought, oh about resident evil 4 level game mechanics and graphics, I should be able to at the very least play the game smoothly on the lowest settings, but alas no.  So much stutter and lag. I really want to enjoy the game and it seems like fun, but most people probably won't have a high end enough PC to be able to enjoy it so I can't reccommend it."
,Recommended,301640,28724769,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,Very intense game both co-op and single player are entertaining gameplay!
,Recommended,301640,34028518,Posted: 4 August,all,Not Lolicon,Would recommended for anyone who plays fps game like BF.
76561197980697683,Recommended,301640,17681815,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cat Fart,"Better then I was expecting. Love the soundtrack, seemed inspired by 1982's The Thing and other great 80's horror films. Love these games where it makes me want to keep coming back until I get to the end.  Speaking of the end, I shot a Z-man through the head when he was getting up, the bullet went in top of his head, through his entire body and out his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I was like, did I just see that. Kinda like in the original, when I shot two nuts off a poor guy with a single shot."
,Recommended,301640,32886495,Posted: 27 June,all,Feargem csgogem.com,I got this on sale and its a really good game
76561197990635439,Recommended,301640,32884930,Posted: 27 June,all,a9249,Its basically left for dead 3. A Must Have.
,Not Recommended,301640,23214872,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MikrosPyrpoliths,Easy to lose interest
76561198063883197,Recommended,301640,22859375,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,crazymonkey1905,HEY GUYS. LET'S CHECK THIS GAME OUT.PROS:- YOU SHOOT NAZI ZOMBIES-GREAT ATMOSPHERE-AWESOME ENEMY DESIGN-NICE LEVELS-YOU SHOOT FRICKIN' NAZI ZOMBIES-THE X-RAY CAM IS GREAT. NOT JUST FOR SHOOTING NAZI BALLS. IT'S JUST HILARIOUS.-THE LAST BOSSFIGHT IS SO GREAT-THE OCCULTIST ELEMENTS FIT SO GOODCONS:-few weapons-a bit repetitive9.5/10  JUST AWESOME. 'CAUSE YOU SHOOT NAZI ZOMBIES.EVERYBODY ENJOYS SHOOTING NAZIS. ESPECIALLY NAZI ZOMBIES.
,Recommended,301640,15116361,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RaMb0RO,"It is very very good.I like the soundtrack and the missions,all i like.I recommend it!"
76561198118713277,Recommended,301640,25449875,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ChutneyMonocleMan,"When you get a headshot it's like shooting a cantaloupe, plus you're shooting nazi zombies which is an instant plus.  It's a fun game to play simple as that."
76561197996558186,Not Recommended,301640,17801496,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Thorgrax,"Nazi Army Trilogy wants to be hardcore, but it's mom wont let it.One of the most boring shooter games I ever played. So much wasted potential. This game does some few things right, and most others terribly wrong.First off: If you dislike zombie games or hate sniping (like myself), this game will disappoint you. Don't expect anything but being forced to use a sniper rifle about 75% of your total playtime.The setting of this game is fine. I always wanted to play a game set in Germany during the 1940's. The scenery is nice. You really have a feel of being in German civil and military land sites. You even visit Berlin on several occasions.The graphics are nice to top notch. The animations are good. The atmosphere is horrifyingly excellent to the point where i wondered if Rebellion should try their hand at a horror splatter game. It's that intense. The killcams are almost Moral Kombat quality of carnage. You can see every bone fracture, every torn apart organ, every pulled out tooth, bullet holes and exist. Just wonderful. Could have used more than one stock model for a chopped of corpse head though.The sound setting is solid to good. Musics fine to thrilling. The sound of guns and enemies are both satisfying and positively disturbing. Bloody gurgles and moans of the enemies thirsting for your flesh can induce nightmares.The voice acting is very slim to non existent. until chapter three you will have listened to noone but Hitler and the narrator, because all your characters are mute for some reason. There aren't even voice commands.This is where the positive things end though. The rest of it...well. Id like to tell you i enjoyed what i played. But i did not. The combat choreography and the level design are so mind numbingly boring that i felt like i was playing duck hunt. I had to force myself to carry on, don't know how i did it. It was surely not because the game was exciting. After the first chapter of the first episode you know what to expect. And thats the whole game. Oh noes, the horror of slow enemies walking towards you! And all you have are your legs to run away and this high power long ranged sniper rifle! What are you ever going to do???The weapon variety is laughable. If you dont take a half automatic Sniper rifle with 10+ round your are disabling yourself and can kiss your own♥♥♥♥♥goodbye. They all work and feel the same. same goes for sidearms. You take a shotgun and a revolver, if you take anything else, its a waste of space. Explosives are by far the most overpowered thing of all. You can get 20+ killstreaks with 10.000 scores without effort. Also, the aforementioned killcam gets annoying after about less an hour of gameplay. It intercepts at the worst of times, mostly ruining your roll more then benefiting and underlining it.I plowed through the game with a carbine on my own oh the highest of the 3 available difficulties and the game only then felt challenging when i was given tasks intended for multiple personal or unfair circumstances. Not even the Special zombies will cut it. You can take out the equivalent of a tank in this game chasing him around a bush benny hill style with 4 shots out of a double barrel shotgun.Godspeed.What bothered me too is the unnecessary Censorship. You can't have a game with Hitler and the Third Reich and not have swastikas. This is as pointless as it gets and just shows once again that game developers will cuck to any countries pointless dont-hurt-my-feels policies just to make a buck and disregarding their own customers rights and their products quality. They didn't even announce it on the store. You blindly buy into it. That reeks of scam.The multiplayers is poor. The devs just throws they quadruple amount of enemies at you. no variation. no nothing. I don't know who at Rebellion was responsible for the games combat design, but he's a complete and utter dunce.I give this game a 5/10. If you can handle a monotonic duck hunt simulator or have a likeness for Nazi or Horror related games, you will still have a difficult time liking this. I know i did. Can't recommend buying it for more than 15 Euros. The only thing this thing did was make me shake my head in disbelief of what could be an excellent Horror shooter, reduced to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ husk of code and broken dreams.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hz-crDWmINk"
76561198084043525,Not Recommended,301640,24933852,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Drei69,"I will be brief, the game looks great and I really really wanted to give it a thumbs up however I have found out the hard way that if you play with friends you cannot continue from where you left off, you have to re-do the whole chapter. For example we got to the boss fight (at the end of each chaper, usually 4 maps you get a boss) and we lost connection, when we reconnected the game made us restart the whole damn chapter. Each chapter is made from about 4 missions.In my humble opinion this game is a step back from L4D2 because you have no weapons variation, no meele weapons, no save points, cannot continue from where you left off or at least select the chaper and mission. The game became a chore to finish, after the first hour or so you realise that all missions are exactly the same, go here kill 1000 zombies, get to safe room but it won't open until you kill 1000 zombies, get the item but you won't progress until you kill 1000 zombies. We also had to skip some end of chapters as we couldn't be bothered re-doing 1 chapter all over again. There is no variety whatsoever in weapons or the way you do your missions.There is no way of knowing which weapons are better than the other. It just seems that all the weapons are the same just different skins.Give it a go if you have a full group of mate and can find the game on sale however be prepared to get frustrated when things go funny and you have to re-do a lot of stuff you did previously."
76561198014999868,Recommended,301640,32236587,Posted: 7 June,all,SmithMachine,struggle to find people to play with but enjoy the game.
76561197983206561,Recommended,301640,14765412,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ghaithawii,And again Rebellion did a great job on remastering this game with awesome campaign and horde mode
76561198029748716,Recommended,301640,14780885,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,冷峰,為什麼沒有中文。。。
,Recommended,301640,16564328,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,unclepeyj,"Wow! I haven't had this much fun since old days of Call of Duty! Sniping zombies is soooo much more enjoyable than I though! I even didn't touch the multiplayer; I suppose it's like L4D, if so it's gonna be awesome!"
,Recommended,301640,17670435,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FatherOfMunkers,"The most underrated, balls-out experience of this gen.It takes out all of the pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and simply creates a fun arcade-like experience.Instead of the Call of Duty Zombies that has a story-based foundation...Zombie Army just lets you know that World War 2 was ♥♥♥♥ed up and zombies are for real!Anyone that tells you negative things about this game takes their games too seriously.It's fun solo.Great multiplayer.And BEST if you have friends to play with.Make some.  The community is growing from this weekend's sale.Own it on PS4 and PC now.10/10 would overpay again!"
,Recommended,301640,34698532,Posted: 2 September,all,MeanMangoMan,Best zombie shooter co-op game ever made period!
76561198231659724,Recommended,301640,34090229,Posted: 7 August,all,WaaedALORD,as simple as (sniper elite + left 4 dead = this great game)
76561198236302936,Recommended,301640,34718371,Posted: 3 September,all,colinstraub,"Its a fun game but it crashes way too often, like i started the first mission i still havent completed it and it crashed 5 times"
76561197968996647,Recommended,301640,22341432,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Herr Lich,"pretty nasty game with lots of violence, blood and zombies. liked it."
76561198058968436,Not Recommended,301640,22959847,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SpookyApplePie,"the story is great but the feeling of shooting is horrible, so as a shot game I would say it is not my type, and I recommend dont buy it until it is on sale."
,Recommended,301640,29374070,Posted: 20 January,all,ToRaBoRa,"A bit tricky when you first play this game. although I've been playing sniper elite v2. Zombie is very difficult and damn, it's very realistic! I can play with L4D2 character and completed the first stage, then i realized there is a safe room in this game, ♥♥♥♥! this is a L4D2 with sniper version."
,Recommended,301640,34694612,Posted: 2 September,all,✪ Stɛ۷ɛ ♰,10/10 Awesome game !
,Recommended,301640,17695051,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Luke,I MEAN ITS FUN TO SHOOT STUFF I GESS
,Recommended,301640,16349867,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,VaultGrinder,"A very good game. I've beaten the first two campaigns of the trilogy before, And they look better with the remastered version. Have yet to play the third, but the other two call out to me."
,Recommended,301640,17637013,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Jerry,Acually really good.
,Recommended,301640,17669533,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sage One,"Boom, headshot. +10"
76561197983975632,Recommended,301640,17681546,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dhetox,Great game
,Recommended,301640,17685549,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Fiasc0,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is intence son..omg..i peed a little
,Recommended,301640,17686682,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,WolffyXD,This Game Gets Me Hard
,Recommended,301640,17670781,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ice,love this game. less trash talk between players. lol. just dont know how to access zombie army 1 and 2.
,Recommended,301640,17673861,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RKK (.8.),Okay.
76561197978988394,Recommended,301640,17679626,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,BodyCount,Worth the money loads of fun !
76561198111281442,Recommended,301640,17680670,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,أراني بلورك,I love the sniper
,Recommended,301640,17669036,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,siddNullus,"I was hesitant to purchase this at first, being that I already have the first two in my collection, but the lure of a deep discount finally got to me.  I'm glad I took the plunge!  ZAT turns out to have an excellent core multiplayer gameset with a fun community of active players from all skill levels.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,301640,17669254,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sneaky Green Guy,"I didn't nejoy sniper elite much (world war burnout thanks to the past decade). This however, looks great, plays like sniper elite, but instead of just nazi's, it's nazi zombies!"
,Not Recommended,301640,19368406,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BOSS_Balls,Hate the fact that I waisted money on this game.This is like an arcade version of Left for Dead only its in Third Person ONLY and buggy mouse controls.Two problems.- Mouse movement and controls are extremely glitchy- Third person. (say goodbye to immersion)Uninstalled.
,Recommended,301640,18214816,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ghost.6_7,"Fun game that makes you mainly rely on ammo and your sniper is your life. You literlly gotta say the rifle mans creed cause without you and your rifle, your getting eaten. Headshots is the only way to putem back down."
76561198070212290,Recommended,301640,19325920,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,goldmaste78,really fun game to play with friends :D
,Recommended,301640,14770720,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Schiz0id,"This game is damn awesome.This game has it all: nazi zombies, x-ray slow mo killcam in single player, normal, no xray or slowmo killcam in co op but frantic action, awesome sniping, hoarde mode, sweet graphics, even for dx10, and of course, tons of gore and crazy foot-stomps.The game plays like this:1. set up explosives2. snipe enemies with sweet killcams3. Spray smg fire on enemies as the get close4. search bodies5. repeatthe game has enough stuff in it that it's always fun to play but not too much so you won't feel bored the second playthrough. If you like left 4 dead 1's sniper, then this is by far the best game you could purchase.The first and second games are still here, with major tweaks and overhauls, and the game runs buttery smooth at 120 hz on max settings on my gtx 670, with proper amd optimization from what I hear. This game will delight and distract for pickup games as well as extended sessions, and if you like slow motion kills like in Unreal Tournament 3, then hold breath, slow down time, and pop some zombie heads!"
76561198049526141,Recommended,301640,14771504,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Balou,"This game improved so much! I love the new horde gamemode and the 8-player character choice. Since now you can choose the webley and the shotgun as loadout guns, wich I find epic. I'm now replaying the first and the second episode so I can continue playing the final part without missing the storyline.10/10 would pick up the preacher again!"
,Recommended,301640,18775468,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Horificius@YouTube,L4D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,30737327,Posted: 25 March,all,Sö sad,Nice
,Recommended,301640,17733425,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Pow!,Great game. plays bery much like left 4 dead.
76561198087126261,Recommended,301640,17703339,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Cheeto,Has the best spooky skeletons I have ever seen.
76561198101468290,Not Recommended,301640,17681798,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,HawX,Not good
76561198047819194,Recommended,301640,17651121,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Lupus Mordere,"Millions of zombies, epic  chaos ( on max difficulty) , requires skill and a brain along with trial and error with friends. Awesome landscape.i found no bugs so far lagspikes sometimes happen but not as oftenyou can't jump in the game10/10 would die by a nazi zombie beating me with a shovel"
,Recommended,301640,15835321,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Papa Y_Ceps,Can-Can Simulator 201511/10
76561198158171462,Recommended,301640,18317890,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dick_Kickem,"In this game you can become a US Ranger, by this I mean friendly fire is a thing."
,Recommended,301640,20562893,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mazrogal,if YOU have a friend to play it with its well worth the money and i mean come on who dont wanna kill nazi zombies to pass their time and you get to kill the evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Adolf himself! :) i had a blast playing through the story with a friend and i probly guess with 4 people its even more fun.
,Recommended,301640,18952178,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,"Come on you know you played 1 and 2,and loved it.Just buy it already!Pick it up on a sale!"
76561198070549065,Recommended,301640,20533580,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,xxgsxrcopxx,ahhh zombies
,Recommended,301640,21336832,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Skillz,wow where to start ok well the things im going to tell you in this review will give you an idea of what you want to buy either the zombie army trilogy game or sniper elite nazi zombie army one and two ok first some things from the old sniper elites have been upgraded such as the ability to kick a zombies head off and you only have to buy zat and it comes with all of them but wait till you hear this when i looked back at the old vs the new one the textures and shadows look way better in the old one the new one its been reduced and make the zombies look like they fell in the dirt and got up on the other hand in the old one they look bloodier nasty and just no dirt and have reflections off of them and they walk it looks just so much better now ur probably ganna say like how or is the old one better im thinking because when the new one came out not only did it come out on pc but the ps4 and xbox one therefore the graphics must be reduced for them to play so what im saying is it feels like a console port but it is indeed good and some things have been improved the the gore system but it all depends on you if well u want to buy this game and u have a decent pc to run it then yea but in the old one u got more advanced shadow settings and everything looks so bling and high graphic but in the new one the only fun i got out of it is playing the third episode because they did not release it as a third installment in the sniper elite nazi zombie army series but overall i love zombie army trilogy but i reccomend just buying the old one because it is meant for pc and looks way more classy and graphical cheers XD
,Recommended,301640,17673135,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RespectfulRasmus,I did collateral damage 420/10 Would get zombies rekt again
,Recommended,301640,22985976,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: Now I do not agree with what the Nazis done back in the WWI and WWII era and what the Führer did to all the people back in the World War era, now I mention Nazis and the Führer in this review/first impressions review, I am just mentioning the Nazis based on the game's plot, story and locations, NOT because I want to, so please, think before you comment! Enjoy :)Zombe Army Trilogy is a three part episodic game developed by Rebellion Developments, the same people behind the Sniper Elite series and this is a spin off to that series, Hitler is losing gradually in 1945, however, a devious plan known only as Plan Z will awaken the Nazi zombies from their graves and reek havok across Europe, you play a set of characters (if playing Co-Op, singleplayer, you play as a sniper) and in the three part episodes it is your task to defeat Hitler and put an end to the Nazi zombiesThe game is pretty much the same as Sniper Elite V2, you are a sniper, you use your sniper and you shoot Nazis, in this case, Nazi zombies. However, I rarely used my sniper in the game as most of the time your are not at a vantage point but your thrown into the action with zombies crawling up to you, so I mainly used my secondary weapon and pistol, don't know why they added the sniper in the first placeThe famous action cam is back! And the gore inducing detail of you shooting your enemies is absolutely glorious, but as mentioned previously, you hardly get to use the sniperStealth is completely gone in Zombie Army Trilogy and the game mainly focuses on you shooting a heck load of zombies. The shooting is fun and very satisfying and the sniper is awesome when you get to use itI really liked the music, it made me think of 80's and 90's horror movies mixed in with the music from John Carpenter's The Thing (great horror classic). The voice acting is okay, the characters you play are completely silent, which I don't know why, and the majority of the voice acting is Hitler and his wife Eva Braun and some other people who I do not know their names and the game doesn't bother to tell youThe story is somewhat interesting, Hitler is at his last breath and unleashes a plan that if WWII was happening in 2016, this zombie awakening thingy could happen... however, the story got squashed with the boring and repetitive objectives and safe roomsThis game was mainly designed for Co-Op in mind and the difficulty shows, I died a ton playing on singleplayer and sadly I cannot play co-op because I have no friends so I can't comment about thatThe game does offer multiplayer but after the bad multiplayer in Sniper Elite V2, I couldn't be bothered to tryZombie Army Trilogy is a good game, not as good as Sniper Elite V2 but good enough to stand on it's own two feet. If you liked Sniper Elite V2 and want to play something else before heading on over to Sniper Elite 3, then Zombie Army Trilogy is the thing for you!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198043711366,Not Recommended,301640,21345492,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Deaddropping,"The game is fun and suprisingly relaxing (at least when all you're doing is sniping zombies), but the later installments were clearly made for a group of people to play. Unless you have a group to play with (don't rely on matchmaking, it's dead), save your money."
,Recommended,301640,23125898,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cruickshanks,Kick simulator 201610/10 IGN would kick again
,Recommended,301640,21564269,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Old Smeg,"Its a good game, I found myself to get a tad bit bored of it after a while, not becasue i don't like it, it just feels repatative, but i'd say the time/money you get out of this game depends on YOU"
,Recommended,301640,27290390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,El-arlekin11,you like killing zombies well this is just the game for you so don't think too much just buy it.
,Not Recommended,301640,29401670,Posted: 21 January,all,Husky Bowner,"Tried to play the story mode and got stuck with glitch after glitch. Some times I couldn't make it through a locked door, some times an enemy wave wouldn't spawn, making us restart our progress. Happened more than was acceptable."
76561198016721246,Not Recommended,301640,26421070,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,allanp68,"I like this game but i have got stuck  in the bit where you first see a train . I killed  all the zombies but it will not let me pass to the next level . It must be a bug in the game , any  bug fixes for this game ?"
,Recommended,301640,22883215,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mrpurepwnage,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome, i cant play this game alone im too afraid.. Very interesting gameplay if u like sniper game specialy in coop"
76561198042627271,Not Recommended,301640,28226856,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,meister_korrupt,The game was fun at first then after several hours it gets very repetetive and boringi did enjoyed it tho but it's really hard to recommend this gane....
76561198002601063,Recommended,301640,20571373,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Leg-End,Only one good thing about this game that it has Left 4 Dead Characters!
76561198020553622,Recommended,301640,24045302,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lord Artemis Thundercock,Never had as much fun shooting stupid zombies in their stupid faces. And the kill cam shots make it so much sweeter.
,Recommended,301640,24071978,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hiro dubs,"This game is awesome! Going on a zombie killing spree, blood and gore everywhere! I love how it's set in the 1940s with that dark and gritty old school horror aesthetic. I recommend this game to everyone who wants a different third person shooter experience or people who just love shooters in general.Music: 10/10Aesthetic: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10"
76561198095477974,Recommended,301640,17651685,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DagaRose,"What can you say? It's All the Nazi Zombie Army games in one. It's Sniper Elite 3, but with zombies. And skeletons. And skulls. And...well, a lot of dying."
,Recommended,301640,18138344,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ZIGGY5214,Zombie Army Trilogy is a Very Good Game it's just like the other 2 Games except stuff like a new Activity called Horde i like that activity. I would Recommend this game in so many ways
,Recommended,301640,17637285,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dankesst Plays,yeah zambies wooooooooooooooow good would give it 5 sniper bullets the the head!
76561198066356786,Recommended,301640,23803410,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,oi m8,Stole this game for $10
76561198008257490,Recommended,301640,22868548,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,KideX,Very good game! :)
76561198326040461,Recommended,301640,32488551,Posted: 16 June,all,mjavila0512,Gameplay is like serious sam :)
76561198060611359,Recommended,301640,20278723,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sir_ Hudson,all i got to say is get this game go ON GET IT NOW
76561198030887751,Not Recommended,301640,33487083,Posted: 12 July,all,Agresivo,"Engaging at first, but then from strategic becomes absurd action where the game simply wants you to die and retry when you learn from where the enemies are coming."
76561198063449493,Recommended,301640,22032088,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,BeastOfEyes,Hard out
76561198077765137,Recommended,301640,33587943,Posted: 16 July,all,DubL A,"Great game , love FPS and killing zombies ,even if you dont have high dollar gpu you can still enjoy this game. I played this game with radeon 5450 gpu and with a radeon rx 480 and even with the 5450 it played pretty smooth .  5/5 stars ."
,Recommended,301640,33596023,Posted: 16 July,all,Sly Rambo,A fantastic game. One of the best Co Op experiences my friend and I have experienced.Pros:Each Episode (or game) ramps up in scale and scope. The 1st is relatively simple and straightforward in its mechanics. The 2nd up the atmosphere and lighting. The 3rd has more expansive level design with alot more environmental story telling and interactivty.The enemy variety is great and always stays interesting with newly added enemies every few levels with fresh challenges to overcome them.The campaign is a pleasure to play through and if you play with a friend or a few friends you wont be disappointed at all.I recommend playing on sniper elite difficulty (which is the highest) to keep the challenge high but fair and enjoyable.Cons:My only complaint is the weapons. The secondaries feel weak and useless compared to the snipers and pistols. This may be intentional due to its sister games however i feel its inappropriate in the Zombie Army games. Any Sub Machine gun is useless. Also you have access to all weapons from the loadout (bar 2) and theres no reason to ever change it up when you find 3 you like.Also the fact that the only weapons that are found in the level is the preacher and the Pazerfaust is disapointing. I kept waiting to see more wacky or powerful weapons to be found but alas there is none.A thumbs up from me. I highly enjoy shooting Hitler and Zombie Hitler is pretty sweet to kill too.And thats about all I have to say about that.
,Recommended,301640,33447889,Posted: 10 July,all,floofles,I Love Left 4 Dead!10/10
76561198046691829,Recommended,301640,33253966,Posted: 4 July,all,Big Ounce,very fun to plaay with friends
76561198331600842,Recommended,301640,33173192,Posted: 3 July,all,DEADIPOOLERS,dont know why but the mp bullet cam doesn't really work
,Recommended,301640,33030681,Posted: 30 June,all,Imataka,Zombie in another level. But it's just too sad no one join multiplayer...
76561198057899228,Recommended,301640,20217254,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cervix Pounder III,"Fun, Quick, Enjoyable, Just like my sex life."
,Recommended,301640,18291441,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Prowler™,"While zombies and nazis do get repetative, chapter 1 and 3 are a blast.If you know your horror films every level contains a nod to a different one. Lots of secrets and easter eggs to discover.If this game played more with the environment and had more melee options it would rival Resident Evil 4 in the level of fun i extracted from it. On sale its perfectly priced.The sniping aspect is wildly exaggerated, if your rifle is not high velocitiy it has massive drop and takes a dozen head shots to kill the MG zombies.High velocity, however, will rip through a line of undead which is far more entertaining. Why pick anything else?Side arms suffer from some balance issues also, the polish smg and revolver hands down outclasses any other option.And of course you get a show down with the fuhrer in hell. What more could you ask for?"
76561197966346926,Recommended,301640,26426774,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,C.Fodder,It's ok for a bit of fun with friends. It's hard to not enjoy killing zombies. It does get old pretty quick though. If you can get this one cheap give it a go.
76561198057216392,Recommended,301640,14957028,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RadiantBoner,Mindless fun !Best played in CoopMP is pretty much dead
,Recommended,301640,29534139,Posted: 27 January,all,dreamofphil.,Zombie Army Trilogy Will Never Fall
76561198189144121,Recommended,301640,29501624,Posted: 26 January,all,EMPERADOR.PR[]N[][]B,Really Great gameexcellent graphics and many different zombie armies for you to slay <3illuminati signs doe -_-but still a cool zombie game (y)
76561198116714723,Recommended,301640,29539282,Posted: 28 January,all,Slum Dog Mignolet,<3
76561197969594035,Recommended,301640,29552850,Posted: 28 January,all,Noggog,It's Left 4 Dead with slower shamblers and more of a focus on sniping.  Solid game
,Recommended,301640,29553476,Posted: 28 January,all,=NolePtr,Basically Left4Dead3
76561198129326644,Recommended,301640,33180962,Posted: 3 July,all,DeadWraith,"Great Game!! Don't miss out on this one.After a little more than 30hrs of play, i will say(with the playable additions of all 8 L4D characters and even without them) it's a worthy of your time. WE NEED MORE PLAYERS.This could easly be L4D 3 by swapping out the WW II theme. Buy. Enjoy. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,301640,18229629,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Burka ninja,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,301640,16518302,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Deathsmirk22,got touched inappropriately by zombiesreally enjoyed the nazi♥♥♥♥♥♥guy with giant♥♥♥♥♥machine gunflat backing every nazi ♥♥♥♥then missing my shot with the elephant gun10/10would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198143863884,Recommended,301640,32839037,Posted: 26 June,all,"\""*""cjirons""*""\","More fun to play with friends, but a very good deal!"
,Recommended,301640,32708926,Posted: 23 June,all,Basharoo,Love zombies? This is for you. Prepare to be doomed.
76561197968742753,Recommended,301640,32881006,Posted: 27 June,all,Xutos,amazing game to play co-op with friend
76561198138189927,Recommended,301640,26317045,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ararec,"Very fun. It's like making a sandwich, only harder. You can play in co-op and solo and for the current price it's a steal."
,Recommended,301640,26327438,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DATApush3r,"""You probably heard we ain't in the prisoner-takin' business;We in the killin' Nazi business. And cousin, business is a-boomin'.""I'll keep it short and sweet:Highly memorable, awesome music!Ultra fun cooperative online play!Immersive creepy feels!Nazi Zombies!TLDR; I haven't had this much fun in a while."
,Recommended,301640,26315876,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,It's all about this game's atmosphere and play style. If you've liked sniper elite series you'll most likely enjoy this one too. It's pretty straight forward.
76561198103594627,Recommended,301640,26318715,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HoboNinja1038,Corey would LOVE this!
,Recommended,301640,26307831,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,benniinnii,"gameplay is great with co-op team, but its a bit hard for snipe every zombie aroundnext gen sniper must added to library"
,Recommended,301640,32196566,Posted: 5 June,all,ulyss3s,Quite a good game...
,Not Recommended,301640,23210268,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,democles_pl,"You definitely need a set group of friends to get any enjoyment out of this game.There are a number of games that do this better.It is a comparitively clunky shooter, swapping weapons, aiming finding ammo. It just breaks the game play smoothness so hard.Really glad got it 75% off or I'd be pretty angry."
,Recommended,301640,22858631,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,kaz_*panic,This is tight yo
76561198067542156,Recommended,301640,27757468,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ubiquipous,The perfect PVE stomp that can be picked up at any time.
76561198079861409,Recommended,301640,14941608,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,RocketChainsaw,worth it
76561198152287124,Recommended,301640,20565249,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,All Intensive Porpoises,"Sniper elite was a game where you could shoot anything with a sniper, and use the special x-ray vision to trace the bullet into your enemiesI, like most people, spent a majority of my time using this ability to castrate my enemiesZombie Army Trilogy allows you to continue this, except now it's against Nazi ZombiesIf you ever wanted to play CoD's Zombie mode, and shoot enemies in the balls for hours at a time, this is the game for you."
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,301640,17771752,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dethstarr,Ok. But very bland.  Pretty much a low quality cookie cutter type zomebie shooter. Not the worst but sub par.
,Recommended,301640,20631183,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,E.MAND (DENMARK),godt spil
,Recommended,301640,16212431,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Knospe,"A little bit challenging but thats not a bad thing. ""Bullet time"" looks great just like sniper elite.And of course NAZI ZOMBIES8/10"
,Recommended,301640,34060625,Posted: 6 August,all,Sooker,really good game
,Recommended,301640,34063838,Posted: 6 August,all,RemGotThis,nice game addicted
,Recommended,301640,21675200,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,i do not associate,good
76561198252771568,Recommended,301640,21683485,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Lil Mayo,its dank
76561198027135171,Not Recommended,301640,34139070,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr. Purple,"Bought the 4-pack during a sale for me and some friends to have a communal multiplayer FPS. Severe connection issues with Co-op play. Read through a number of forums and posts, and it seems it's a feature, not a bug.Especially at the full price, I can't recommend the game for it's multiplayer capability, even though the Solo campaign showcases the game's potential."
,Recommended,301640,33966828,Posted: 2 August,all,Yevgeny Dimitry,"I love this game, not for its features or the comprehensive details.It s realllly a good game which can make me feel relaxed,I have no idea of the backgrounds or the logical attitudes, remember, its only a game."
,Recommended,301640,32205929,Posted: 5 June,all,QuinterX,Left 4 Dead continued
,Recommended,301640,34429308,Posted: 22 August,all,GravyWavey,Yes
76561197992764918,Recommended,301640,19028778,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Rickityr3kt,"Great series that is easy to jump into. If you like zombies and co-op this is the game for you. Big downfall though is the matchmaking is absolute crap, no server list or way to tell ping. If your not playin with friends theres no point, most pugs have the ♥♥♥♥♥iest connection if there is even a game up. It is unplayable with even a bit of lag. Really ♥♥♥♥in disappointing."
,Recommended,301640,23852647,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skuller,"Awesome game, great multiplayer, excellent bullet time cams... just got to love SNIPER ELITE V2 add killing nazi zombies to the formula, just that."
76561198267505843,Recommended,301640,23849718,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shortstuff1150,"Great fun atmospheric game with a lot of cool gimmicks, great for improving timing and accuracy in other shooter games."
76561198002561766,Recommended,301640,23844060,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sherbert T Cat,"Taking familiar elements like ""Nazi Zombies"" mode from Call of Duty and Left 4 Dead's four player co-op, then mixing them in with their own Sniper Elite Franchise,  Rebellion made what is quite possibly the best zombie game ever. Far from the brain dead disease spawned zombies of other games, the ones in this game are supernatural in origin, and dangerously sapient. You get a nice long single-player(or co-op) campaign that REALLY challenges you. There's a variety of weapons at your disposal, as well as explosives. Giving you the option of setting elaborate traps for more difficult zombies, like the heavy-gunners. In addition to the main game, you get a never ending hoard mode, and for some goofy reasons all eight characters from the Left 4 Dead franchise are here as well. The atmosphere is fantastically sinister and creepy. Everything looks forboding and hopeless. If its not on fire, its splattered in gore.All in all, Zombie Army Trilogy is an excellent game, that proves once again that Rebellion is one of the very best developers of shooters around."
,Recommended,301640,23861648,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kyle_Vasilissa Zeta,This game is awesome in a way.Its a third expension of the nazi zombies. The Game has alot of feature which is#kick ur enemy to death (same as the Dead Island Series)#More character (from Left 4 Dead 2 and 1 and random German and Russian female soldiers)#More realistic ( when u go to full on sniper elite mode)And Many more.It's true I been playing the game just a couple of hours so  when I get into more time into it mybe I can really review it  throughly.For the time being I give it a thumbs up for it
,Recommended,301640,23817325,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bowtosimon,Would be great if it has an active community
,Recommended,301640,23850145,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dickinson McPenistein,Left for Dead style gaming in third person. Recommended playing with a group of friends because I feel this game could get a little repetitive. But I really do enjoy it so far.
76561197985316695,Recommended,301640,14784282,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ch,"Wow! They did it! Big improvement from the previous releases. Better graphics with a 10 + frame per second increase. Less fog & grain look. Visual distance is further & there are added objects. Better lighting. The character control is better. They added ""Horde Mode"". The voice communication is louder between players. I could not hear some of my friends well in the previous releases. Now I can hear them fine. Huge improvement all around. Great game & real fun."
76561198136764585,Recommended,301640,23830790,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HORZINE,i recomend this game
76561198017744449,Recommended,301640,30386863,Posted: 8 March,all,☬ Crow ☬,"A nice, wholesome family game you and the kiddos can enjoy."
,Recommended,301640,34707230,Posted: 3 September,all,Weird Ali,MAKE MOAR DLC PLS
,Recommended,301640,15132749,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sparrow_xxx,Awesome
76561198057755677,Recommended,301640,31200992,Posted: 17 April,all,BirbMemes,"It's a great zombie game. Ignore the alck of hours I have a serious backlog and  I own this on consoles and played it all. It's got solid graphics, a wonderful story, and it's got COACH!!!!!The atmosphere is also really f@#$ing creepy."
76561198325617561,Recommended,301640,33217646,Posted: 3 July,all,Krypto_Kat,LOOOVE it!!! Such a great deal with the steam summer sale! So glad I bough it!!
,Recommended,301640,33404088,Posted: 9 July,all,SpiritofTrini,"My friend, said ""Dooooooooooooude, Try this!""... I said, ""really doooude, really?...DUDE REALLY!!!! ( hehehehe, now back to my quiet self - laterz ) :-p"
76561198271936800,Recommended,301640,33217363,Posted: 3 July,all,Kung Fu Kimmy,*intro cutscene has Nazis speaking English*10/10 for historical accuracy
76561198208142199,Recommended,301640,30070275,Posted: 20 February,all,R34P3RK1NG,"Left 4 Dead Meets Sniper Elite, What more do you want?"
,Recommended,301640,19392644,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Eremita Silvano,hail the zombie fuhrer
,Recommended,301640,34763775,Posted: 5 September,all,HoofEMP,Cool soundtrack
76561197961138654,Recommended,301640,34762690,Posted: 5 September,all,S u c c,Your leg is an overpowered skeleton-slaughtermachine 10/10
,Recommended,301640,32874683,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr.WizBiz,Ayy its pretty good
,Recommended,301640,34072361,Posted: 6 August,all,KyraPhobic,"This game is actually really really fun to play so wroth the price as it is now, If you keep having second thoughts dont think sniping zombies is your cup off tea then still give it ago its Nazi's so even better xD"
,Recommended,301640,31659731,Posted: 9 May,all,some ƒucc shit,Is legit nazi zombiesyeet special/7
,Recommended,301640,30522124,Posted: 15 March,all,TompX,"""Add to cart""."
,Recommended,301640,29656175,Posted: 2 February,all,KepooxD,Good game
76561198154145919,Recommended,301640,18451815,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Nathan Explosion,its got my vote great to play with friends or make new ones gameplay+ graphics+ story+ gunplay++ easy to learn an jump into i have no cons really loading times are fine match makeing is great no bugs that ive noticed 10/10
,Recommended,301640,15030323,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kazuya,pingas
76561198072245785,Recommended,301640,17687673,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Zombie nazis, zombie Hitler, Allahu Akbar exploding suiciding zombies and sick headshot cams gr8 game I r8 8/8."
76561198344676465,Recommended,301640,34744593,Posted: 4 September,all,Trytomiss2,you would not believe yourself! this is the best game ever.. you must try! especially the co-op mode
,Recommended,301640,29391757,Posted: 20 January,all,prophyz,"Despite the level you choose, you'll always be shooting, blowing up, and kicking an incredible amount of zombies. And, as repetitive as that sounds, it really isn't because ZAT offers a healthy amount of strategy while slaying the undead. Well placed trip wires, mounted guns, and explosive canisters can be utilized at the right moments to destroy multiple zombies at one time, and the difficulty can be adjusted for a more arcade based or realistic experience while sniping.Conclusion: Zombie Army Trilogy isn´t perfect, but it´s working great in 2 or 4 player co-op action.In the 15 missions (8-10h) long ""story"", you have to kill thousands of zombies, like a fire/sniper/tank zombie with a good arsenal of weapons. With friends this game shows his full strenghts in campaign or horde, it rocks and it´s fun pure.Totally worth it on sale !"
76561198000608773,Recommended,301640,29617432,Posted: 31 January,all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"I was very found of this game.I think I almost like it better then the main game even.if you palyed the main one, you will find that the levels are mostly reused. very diffrent, but the same maps or used in diffrent configurations or with diffrent assets.the one mission with the treches? skelitons. all ill say.I thnk its worth picking up."
,Recommended,301640,20626793,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ford...,Good game
76561198142687168,Recommended,301640,14758785,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,andylaw281268,"1. Fantastic fun, buy it now!!2. Killing zombie hordes is fun!3. killing zombies with friends is even more fun!4. if you you like sniping and watching your devestating headshots, the bullet cam is awesome and will serve you well.5. neat ruined wwII enviroments to kill those zombies in.6. expect to die but even thats fun, especially with online friend revival.7. lots of period based weapons8. badass bosses9. new horde mode to practice10. the chance to kill a zombie hitlerLove those nazi zombies, Just do it now! 10/10For those folk who only like serious, simulation type games, you may not like the dark/comedy funside of this game."
76561198003066842,Not Recommended,301640,20179026,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SuperSpesh,"shots kinda feel delayed and laggy. Its not the most polished or interesting horde mode zombie co-op shooter. But it does its job.I wouldnt recommend it cuz there are better games out there with similar things doing for them.I will give you an example, do you want a parkour game? Mirrors edge, one gameBut a zombie co-op shooter on pc: Killing floor 2, call of duty zombies, Left for dead 2, all of which are better then this game, granted they are in first person. But does it matter??This game has no originality, it copies many things from other games, and shooting is not that satisfiying or the enviroments are not that varied to begin with.6/10 not worth a buy when you can play better ones.Port vise, its a good one. But frame rate often dips bellow when there are too many alpha effects on the screen, seems similar to killing floor 2 in terms of optimization, which isnt that good."
76561197995955246,Not Recommended,301640,16255620,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,cptamorf,Gets boring very quickly.
76561197998009671,Not Recommended,301640,17657025,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Katrkoriza,"I didn't have as much fun as most people who have played this game, I would deffinitly reccomend playing with multiple friends instead... some of the game mechanics were a little too aggravating otherwise."
,Recommended,301640,24893678,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,just putting up new reviews for trolls to downvote.oh yeah.. zombie army trilogy was awesome.7/10
76561198158011268,Not Recommended,301640,17692845,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,DRAGON LADY ^^v,BUGS EVERYWHERE! DONT BUY!
76561198069731617,Not Recommended,301640,18818679,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nurglath (GR),"This game is a MAJOR RIP-OFF! Of their previous games' maps AND of your money. They even inherited the same bug, where the stage doesn' t lead anywhere. In other words: You cannot go further in a level, because the enemies don' t show up any more, after a certain point. No matter how many times you return to that checkpoint, it doesn' t change anything. It was a big bug in the previous spin-offs, and it remains here the same as well. At least in the train scene, where the elite doesn' t show up. I am bored of saying more, so I will go ahead and demand my money back!"
,Not Recommended,301640,33539159,Posted: 14 July,all,Terryfold Flaps,Go buy Left 4 Dead 2
,Recommended,301640,23087715,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,THE LORD SUPER SAIYAN GOD 1OOOOO,"good game but it have some lags,but still funny game!"
,Recommended,301640,14763833,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dr. Zombie,"If you own either of the first 2 remember to get the (up to) 60% discount! They do that so if you supported them you don't pay full price for 2 games you already own. Sadly I had never played any of these games before and 15 bucks a pop didn't sound too bad.1 Grenade = 1,000 gallons of blood12/10"
76561198119140829,Not Recommended,301640,22837087,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ISSASSI,"still doesnt work on a ton of computers unfortunetly mine is one of those, your playing a 50-50 chance buying this game. they also have abandoned this game and refuse to help thier customers, i am a huge sniper elite fan but this is BS that they dont have the courtesy to release a patch. as far as i know this problem still has no solution and will continue to be that way, thanks rebellion for caring about your customers."
76561198166638480,Recommended,301640,22555033,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,P0PtratHUnter,this game is my favorite of all my games so far!!! it plays very smooth as well!
76561198135120469,Not Recommended,301640,34448542,Posted: 23 August,all,projournalist,BORING AND REPETITIVE....DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
,Not Recommended,301640,17653167,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Jim,"If you're buying this to play online, don't no1 plays even when its on sale for 66% off theirs rarely more than 1-2 people looking to join, really needs a server list instead of just having a quick join and create option"
,Not Recommended,301640,17746707,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Tempest_Mist,"I bought this back in March of this year, back then I could play solo and aim at the zombies. Since the Left 4 Dead characters were added a lot has changed for me!Aim is all over the place, the rifle which is your primary weapon , looks up at the sky not at the target, if I'm lucky enough to manoeuvre the scope to a target's head , 9/10 times  I will still miss even with focus aim,because it continues to shake . This also uses up lots of ammo in the process .The Side arm or Pistol's aim is gone too, I aim, the crosshair is on the zombie's head , then I fire , crosshair moves to the left of target , so I end up shooting air , not good when being attacked.The Secondary weapon, the Machine gun, for me in this situation is the best one, but you can't find secondary ammo all the time .The L4D update IMO has upped the difficulty too, especially on Solo mode. There are missions you could not play solo anymore.CO-OP is a lot of fun, but if your the one who's weapons don't work, not fun for your team lol.CO-OP also has it issues , either the host being booted to lobby or some of your team will be.I also think some of the old missions have been removed from the game, I remember not far into the game, playing a cemetery mission where you had to clear it of zombies ,that is not there now.Thinking that maybe the aiming had something to do with my controller, I played some sniper elite and headshots for days, so the problem is this game.  Would I recommend this game as it now is? No I wouldn't . If your thinking of buying it try out a friends copy first or buy from where you can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,301640,17693034,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The King,this is bad gamereally i waste my money for nothing
,Recommended,301640,18443127,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Hetzkürbis,"This is a Third-person shooter zombie game. (You can play as the L4D 1 and 2 characters) You can change your characters (That's good)Marie Chevalier is cuteSo, you have all the missions from the past 2 games. (Nazi zombie army 1 and 2)More challenging zombies, like a chainsaw zombie...And the zombie can shoot guns now at random places. And yes, Suicide bomber zombie.Ich hasse diesen einen..The machine gun zombie."
,Not Recommended,301640,17700474,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,hearse,Gets boring real quick
,Not Recommended,301640,20560502,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,j0k3r  ツ,"I don't like the 3rd person only view, should have an option to view in 1st person, because of that I don't like the game.  I just don't like the difference in how you have to control the player in 3rd person.  If you don't mind 3rd person it's nazi zombie seanaon, but for me the 3rd person view gives me motion sickness after being use to 1st person shooter games, so thumbs down from me on no option to go to 1st person."
,Recommended,301640,22819741,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,lol,"If I could run this game just a little bit better, I'd probably have a million hours on this game."
76561198081578225,Not Recommended,301640,22883262,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DisconnectMEME,Meh fun for 2 hours then Borefest activate...
76561198205311801,Not Recommended,301640,17106528,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,sandflow1990,"Okay, so I gave this a try and bought this package, and my review might not show the true colour of this game.Overall, this will be ""hit-and-miss"" for me. One thing I'm sure, many people say it's hard to get people to join in your game. Well, IT IS NOT, I was worried at first but turns out it's not that hard for someone to join in your game. Just start up your own game, soon or later surelly someone will join you. I did host 3 games and within 5 minutes, all my 3 games are full of people. they constantly connect and disconnect though.Back to the problem at hand, this game does not really pique my interest. I gave it a try but it just doesn't work for me. As a huge KF 2 fan, I thought this will be ""almost"" the same but well, it doesn't. the first problem is, who will pop zombie heads using sniper rifles? Sure one or two from a distance is awesome, but not if 700 zombies plunging themselves toward you. Using sniper rifles in those kind of situation is just ""dull"".Secondly, if that still interests u, well, the control is damn wonky. I mean, super wonky. if you used to play KF 2, you know the control is smooth and when you stop moving your mouse, the crosshair will stop moving. not the case with this game. it gives you ""after movement"" even after you stop moving your mouse. maybe that's just the rebellion way of engine, i'm not sure. One thing I know, I don't like it.Thirdly, how scarce the ammo is. This, might be hit or miss also. Some people love it because it gives extra pressure on the whole situation, but i like a game which will give u too much ammo to slay thousand zombies. the ammo in this game is damn scarce, and since i like to use my sidearms more than that wonky sniper rifle, it stressed me out.Overall, I really wanted to explore all the storyline, they look nice, the graphic is also commendable, but the wonky engine (aiming), the ammo scarcity, and the idea for the sniper rifle (i tend to use shotgun/SMG/pistols more) really brings this game down, in my opinion.If those things can be fixed, it will be one damn good alternative to KF2.Did I recommend? personally, no. And it's my mistake not to try the cheaper NZA 1/2 first, I just jumped and bought ZAT. If only I can get a refund.."
,Recommended,301640,14939903,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BOT Leeroy Jenkins,if your a fan of the series this game is a definite upgrade from pervious games and youll love it. all about sniping and how good you can be.
76561197979983416,Not Recommended,301640,34872716,Posted: 10 September,all,dying of lag!,this game sucks hard its all bad. do not buy! bad video bad contols very bad guns and the game cheats. but if you like hard bad games enjoy. yes im a good shot so its not me.
,Not Recommended,301640,21116600,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GodlyPoop,"I got the game based on a friend recommendation and ill tell you i didnt like it. I like the whole zombie nazi thing but something about the game i just didnt like it man. Played for a while then quit, it couldnt hold my attention very long."
76561198184081933,Not Recommended,301640,18324627,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Logic's Nemesis,"Can't say I was entirely impressed. Copy and paste Sniper Elite V2, Add small/new areas, zombies, then change a tactical shooter into a run and gun and this is what you get. They must of felt compelled to join the ""Look, we make zombie games too!"" club. Sorry Rebellion, you don't have my vote for this one.On a good note, I did enjoy the fact that L4D1 characters were added."
,Not Recommended,301640,21040798,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,YsoSsspooky,"guys i've been trying everything. It continues to this day to crash continuously and randomly. I heard its because i have a gtx 750. I really want to play this. I really want to recommend this. but if it continues to the point that i can't play for more than 15 minutes, then i can't recommend it to anybody with a gtx 750"
,Recommended,301640,25398052,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Phantom Lord,"Totally underated game. A MUST have. If you like Sniper Elite 3, then you will love this one.Or hate it because this actually is harder to play. :) Enjoy!"
,Recommended,301640,22658274,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Leevoh,All the episodes of the Sniper Elite Zombie Army games combined into one fun package. Kick em till they die.
76561198183686965,Recommended,301640,34707407,Posted: 3 September,all,Slizzer41,Mwahahahaha.*dies*♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065703833,Not Recommended,301640,17686959,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,johnalmonidovar5,it sucks
,Not Recommended,301640,17687947,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Bravestarr,"This game likes to black screen, over and over. It's so bad, you can't even CTRL+ALT+DEL or CTRL+Shift+Esc to get to the Task Manager. So! 0.00 minutes gameplay, and yet I paid for a product that would've probably worked on a console. Think about that. Another $15 down the drain. This reminds me of the atrocious crashing and general failure that was Sleeping Dogs. (another game that would work on console, but fails on PC)"
76561198048783743,Not Recommended,301640,17687853,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sitch Lord,"boring game, not even worth it on sale"
,Not Recommended,301640,17688252,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lewis,"3rd most bought game, no matches found online.Dead game, and basically just an arena of spray."
76561198172418681,Not Recommended,301640,17688347,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,R1CHYR1CH1990,LOVE THIS GAME BUT IT KEEPS CRASHING ON ME AND I KEEP GETTING A BLUE SCREEN THAT MAKES ME HAVE TO RESTART MY PC:(
76561197995510874,Recommended,301640,14791135,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[KOR] Delson,진짜 잼네요 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 레포데 같은 느낌도나고 다만 좀 많이 어렵네요 ㅋㅋ..... 사고도 아깝다는 생각이 없네요 한글 채팅 지원도되고 맘에 듬니다 ㅋㅋㅋ 즐겜!!
,Not Recommended,301640,17649137,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,boyfriend,"This game can get boring to play so quickly, and the whole game is pretty much a combination of Nazi Zombie Army 1 and 2. Maps are almost the same, they added few new weapons. I guess the L4D2 characters are pretty cool, but not worth $45 at all. Got it on sale with a acceptable price of $15."
,Recommended,301640,14763278,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Weiss Schnee,Zombie army trilogy is awsome because it is more optimized that the first and second one. The first episode is sniper elite nazi zombie army then the second episdoe is Sniper elite Nazi zombie army 2 and the third episode is the new campaign which is when you hunt down Hitler and eliminate him plus there is a horde mode that lets you fight against waves of the undead.
,Recommended,301640,17645368,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,EMINEM,Better than cod zombies :P
76561198019909137,Not Recommended,301640,22316759,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,eycto,"the always present trunend down pentagrams are a turn off for me. like if you would face a zombie nazi ever ever ever it would suddenly come to life with a glowing patch around it. its not like you are playing a mmorpg or somthing with spells and all. i want to play a zombie shooter with the classic epic hit graphics i am used to from sniper elite. just to blow of some nice steam at the end of the day.to be honnest grapics are nice, movement is very zombish from the zombies and shooting works fine.just those dam pentagrams all the time that are just destracting and not adding sh#t (in my ""humble"" opinion)"
,Recommended,301640,18214874,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Alienware,"It's basically a game centered around nazi zombies from CoD but with a story and L4D2 characters. The slow motions are cool but not perfect, overall its a lot of fun if you like action and a little gore. 9/10"
76561198158844465,Recommended,301640,19744926,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TheRagingMonarch,I like this game very much. If you love third-person shooters then you will love this.... Just make sure you buy this one not the other ones becuase the third game has the first two as well ! :) happy playing
,Not Recommended,301640,20269637,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,vR4w,BEST . GAME . EVER . NOT!
76561198092003508,Recommended,301640,26328650,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,xSick,Made me kill my family 10/10
,Recommended,301640,17671881,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GooGles,I Hate Stairs
,Not Recommended,301640,25494033,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,dragonarios95,i would say i love the game but i cant for the shear fact that i cant play it without it freezeing up on me and i have the reset my computer. so i cant really say i would recomend this game.
76561198030388652,Not Recommended,301640,18070475,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,H4LIMUN,Very repetitive and borring. I think it will be interesting if you have story line.
76561198015629548,Recommended,301640,33112428,Posted: 1 July,all,Spicyshart,its good
,Recommended,301640,22201787,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,murder time fun time,i strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes shooting zombies in the ballsit is recommended that you shoot the kamikazi zombie in the balls so that he will die no matter whatok ok there is one thing that bothers me the characters don't talk unless tou shoot the teammates and they should make this available to the workshop because i want to see the maps that the people come up with10/10 would kill hitler again
76561198048048796,Recommended,301640,22832809,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,kierankent,cool game
,Not Recommended,301640,29534303,Posted: 27 January,all,Lt. Dank,Constant crashing with no fix
76561198125949080,Recommended,301640,21839493,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,m0ckle,i shot hitlers 1 ball10/10 would bang any day
76561198062622951,Recommended,301640,22859702,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,blatte,really funny game
,Recommended,301640,32928568,Posted: 28 June,all,BoyBias,Yeah
76561198159413906,Not Recommended,301640,24742067,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,punkspider1,"Always interested when we're talking 2nd WW and nazis and I thought I might enjoy this as I've spent a fair time playing games such as Warface and Dead Island, but this game just doesn't cut the mustard. Gets dull after a short while..."
,Recommended,301640,14966966,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nr.Gandalf,Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again - 10/10 IGN Approves
,Recommended,301640,14784320,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mr. Fancypants,"As soon i saw a big brute holding a shainsaw running towards me i had a little Resident Evil 4 vibe.Non the less this is a great game, They updated everything, graphics, animations, new zombie models.If you are into zombie games and you want a new experience then totally give this a try"
,Not Recommended,301640,22890441,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Smittywarbenjagermanjansen,"Idk, my computer is beefy asf, can run arma 2 at 70fps medium graphics no problem, csgo runs extremely well at ultra high settings, league will get anywhere between 87-90fps. But for the life of me I cannot get thisdamn game to run properly, even with everything at its lowest setting, not to mention the aiming system is royalshit, I've tried using a controller as well but to no avail. But maybe its just me, screw it, pay the $45 and try it out, maybe you'll find it works just fine, but luckily since I only have around 110 hours I will be getting a refund, since steam has a 2 hour gameplay time refund policy. Solid 4/10 great free trial thanks steam for refund capabilities"
76561198048472071,Not Recommended,301640,19592420,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,WHY ME,meh another zombie shooter nothing special i rather play COD zombies instead.
,Recommended,301640,29402932,Posted: 21 January,all,HillaryCyka™,"Führer Rate 11/10, weil Hitler gibt es Hagel Sieg"
76561198074319538,Not Recommended,301640,34743646,Posted: 4 September,all,supertenere,Whats the point of NOT having the player in the middle - it makes it bad to control and hit the attackers. Left4 dead 1+2 is MUCH better
,Not Recommended,301640,29436504,Posted: 22 January,all,Winter,"very boring to play, not enough depth to my liking"
76561198367166829,Recommended,301640,34479760,Posted: 25 August,all,BengkoangGaming,Nice game
,Not Recommended,301640,34711492,Posted: 3 September,all,worisonTV,"I just bought the game, and the lobby is always empty, I tried many times to create a public game wait for others but nobody join, and I tried to go to quick match and find a session but no session found no game found... I think it's very rare to find people with who you can play online and sometimes when you switch to windows desktop then you comeback to the game your mouse stuck in the top and you couldn't move it or do anything untill you restart the game...I'm just gonna make a refund of it that would be better, and the reason why I bought this game is playing coop with friends and random people like in every zombie game and not solo.Untill now I don't recommend it untill their is people with who you can play online.The game looks great in the gameplay and graphics so far, i'm a big fan of sniper elite since my childhood (2005) but without Cooperation mod it make no sense to get it to play only solo, I am sure this game would be much better to play it with friends.So if you want to get it and get it for your other friends and play together, go for it, but if you think you're going into the lobby and find many servers and many players like the other games, it's gonna go wrong for you buddy.I hope people comeback to this game and play it online much often so it wont be dead like now, or maybe make a new game with a great cooperation mode way better than this? like zombie army triology 2 maybe? that would works I guess."
,Not Recommended,301640,20685061,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SoupDragon,"The gameplay doesn't change one bit from the first ten minutes until the end.  What kept me playing so long was the graphics, which are quite lovely, and the slow-motion, head-'sploding kill cam stuff.   Ultimately, after 18 hours, I have no wish to play it anymore.  I did boot it up when they introduced the Left for Dead characters but that was hardly a big update.  Why aren't there more guns?  That would be the single easiest and most effective aspect to change to actually add some form of variety to the gameplay, instead of having five rifles that all feel the same, and five machine guns that all feel the same, and three handguns you'll never use because two are just a tad better.So, fun for a while, and not without potential, but burns out fast."
76561198011714357,Recommended,301640,31919662,Posted: 23 May,all,LOTS_Deиso,"Awesome, a must have! (wait for (summer) sale)."
,Recommended,301640,17707943,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ɢαмвιт,"Creepy sounds, corpse eating zombies, 4 guys shooting everything that moves and hitler with burning eyes. This is everything that u need for this great game"
76561198110529867,Recommended,301640,34720752,Posted: 3 September,all,68csteele68,Amazing loved it!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,34717844,Posted: 3 September,all,Blue Square ﴾͡๏̯͡๏﴿,.
,Recommended,301640,34721807,Posted: 3 September,all,Rawse,This was quite good
76561197996978474,Recommended,301640,34715339,Posted: 3 September,all,PixalPop,"I played it for less than an hour but it's enough, honestly. While being a pretty entertaining game as a massive zombie obsessive addict, it's mainly the guns themselves that are a turn off for me. They don't feel satisfying enough. You feel like you're shooting BB bullets. It's really annoying. You can only do it so much, there comes a point (obviously) where it's all overwhelming but you don't feel like you have a shot (no pun intended)  because of the guns. That's just me, I tried one level with a great team, match making was quick. As far as zombie games go, I'd take Left 4 Dead for now.But I still recommend it if you enjoy just a mindless fun shooting. I know I did, I didn't even notice the time and I could've kept going had we not died. But my fingers started to hurt a bit from all the shooting. There are those armored ♥♥♥♥ers that are just impossible..really frustrating. I probably won't get back to it though."
,Not Recommended,301640,34727506,Posted: 3 September,all,BinkieMcFartNuggets,"The game is really fun, but the player base is so dead I cant even find a game."
,Not Recommended,301640,34909736,Posted: 12 September,all,Jeremythellama1,"too flawed, not very fun after a while."
,Not Recommended,301640,19918037,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Alpha75,This had so much promise but the feel of the game is jerky and the shooting is way to random. Missing the fun that L4D has sadly. Can only hope future updates bring this back.
76561198079311307,Not Recommended,301640,20187702,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,A535,Not a very good FPS for the PC comparied to L4D2 or a COD game with regards to keyboard control.   It's like a third person view.   Hard to manourve.  Wated my money here.
76561198060473947,Not Recommended,301640,17705192,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Steven,Multiplayer dead so fast.
,Not Recommended,301640,21958445,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Handsomest,"First of all, the graphics fps really does became an issue. While i could play almost any games smoothly with med-high setting, i still get lag on this games even on lowest graphic.The gameplay is plain, run-shoot-reload-run-shot, the rifle is useless (take very good aim and 5 shot per zombie).However if you master it, the sniper became easy, and kick attack is cheating.Compare to the price i get during discount, i still not recommend it.Get Hitman / sniper elite v2 or 3 instead."
,Not Recommended,301640,18796213,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,phatty,not a cool game super not cool
76561198005290752,Not Recommended,301640,19574582,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,non prime hack,"This game freezes in 5 to 10 minutes, every time I play. I have tried lowering the settings to no avail, even though I shouldn't  have to with an I7 cpu with 24gb of ram and EVGA 780 ti gpu. It's to bad it looks like a good game, I wish the developers could fix the problem as I am not the only one having it. So I recomend you do not buy it !!! Maybe it's a windows 10 problem, but I have no idea."
76561198286527729,Not Recommended,301640,23877810,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cleorge Gooney,"personally i think this game is great, my only problem and which is game breaking to me is that its dead (pun not intended). sooooo so so so so dead. i got a refund because of so but if it werent for that this game would be perfect."
,Recommended,301640,34115629,Posted: 8 August,all,Rocky,"Got this game for $9 during the weekend sale, been having a blast with friends, fun game with friends, solo not so much."
76561198061149960,Not Recommended,301640,35144649,Posted: 22 September,all,TheeDevilDog,Woulda been a great game if it did not crash my entire computer. This game has game breaking issues that prevent you from playing that have been know for 3+ years and not been addressed.ThereforeZAT = Trash
,Recommended,301640,24212828,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sOIIOs,"Plot:Germany is losing the war. What does Hitler do now? No worries he has a plan, PLAN Z!What does the Z stand for? Isn't that ♥♥♥♥ing obvious you ♥♥♥♥ing idiot it means zombie you dumb ♥♥♥♥.Gameplay:You can quickscope nazi zombies, in the nuts."
76561198073389550,Recommended,301640,23025065,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Super Roxxapo,"Like left 4 dead.Instead of fast hordes of zombies, you get slow shambling hordes of zombies.The xray killcam is also very satisfying in this game.My only real complaint is that they spoilZombie Hitler"
,Not Recommended,301640,23876346,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Major Wibble,"This is a ""co-op"" shooter, if you don't have at least one friend to play with its the most boring game on the planet. If you're a fan of COD Zombies you might like this, I for one am not so I'm getting a refund ASAP."
76561198057735245,Recommended,301640,31533390,Posted: 3 May,all,rafa_trochmann_@hotmail.com,Hello can someone play with me zombie zombie i'm in a part that presiso of help i would like that handcuff helps me
,Recommended,301640,31815582,Posted: 17 May,all,Frogburt,my headphones couldnt detect sound for this game but other than that its pretty good
,Not Recommended,301640,35476403,Posted: 4 October,all,ΛLΘNΣ,I can't find online players and the dev. or whatever don't want to give my money back :/
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,301640,15081966,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Indrigis,"Not quite as dynamic as I expected it to be. And, most importantly, the co-op multiplayer is downright empty.The rifles feel more or less the same (some have better zoom or faster rate of fire), there is no heavy hitting option with a lower ammo supply, for example. Yes, the original game is all about landing long-distance headshots, but this one is about routinely killing lots of zombies.There are basically four types of enemies - the common zombie - takes 2-3 shots to the chest to die, the skeleton - dies to a single shot or kick, the suicide bomber - runs at you, but drops dead from single shot and the machinegunner - takes quite a few headshots to kill while you backpedal around.The tasks. again, all rely on killing everything. I have not seen any stealth segments requiring you to kill enemies only with headshots or any situations that would require strategy. It's all about shooting center mass. And there are a lot of targets to shoot.If you want a good experience you should bring many friends and few expectations."
,Recommended,301640,22835934,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Minty,Killed Zombie Hitler. 10/10
,Not Recommended,301640,15491880,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DaveTheBasha,Shalow Game. Not much content.
,Recommended,301640,30826897,Posted: 29 March,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"Not a SE fan... actually hate the series, but i loved this title... so take that for what its worth."
76561198058423176,Recommended,301640,17849685,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Chemicalbacon,"Good points:-1) Lots of attention to detail, it is very obvious a lot of work has been put into the level design in particular2) All achievements are challenging but obtainable, no ""hidden"" achievements or RNG based challenges3) Plenty of small secret areas and side quests (which make up parts of achievements or collectibles)4) Satisfying audio feedback from rifles and other sources such as explosions5) Roughly a 19 - 20 hour story mode6) Long levels with frequent checkpoints7) Great voice acting, similar to SE28) Gradual but challenging difficulty curve9) A cheesy but amusing storyline (imagine the original evil dead with Bruce Cambell)10) The game holds your hand very little and it's nice to progress by yourself with out a constant pop up bugging you.11) Great enemy variety and a challenging line of mini bosses with their own quirks and weaknessesFlaws:-1) Sometimes buggy, I had many events where a particular enemy would die but move chest high into the floor in the rag-doll ""T"" position. I had to go round and shoot them in the ground to advance to the next stage. It took some friends and I about 15 minutes of running around to figure this out.2) Another time a large metal door in a bunker swung open while I was close to it, forcing me through the wall of the map and to my death. I had just got out of the previous checkpoint 10 minutes beforehand.3) A particular mini boss that comes around in a few fights has invulnerability frames when you shoot him in the head, or so it seems, the game didn't explain this to me so I spent a good half of the game trying to figure out if I was wasting ammo or not. The feedback from hitting mini boss enemies is very little in general.4) Many of the automatic secondary weapons such as the Thompson and the MP40 are near useless on ZAT, in Sniper Elite they were much better because the enemies you shot at were only mortal. But the recoil, accuracy and small ammo storage makes them very hard to use. The shotgun is basically king for secondaries most games. Same would go for some sniper rifles as well, many of them are weak in most situations, with only a handful standing out.5) On that point, there is a real lack of weapon variety in the game, which means that you will probably stick with the same load out for most of the game. There are special weapons that lie around the map (many hidden), but they require special ammo that you can't resupply for like a normal weapon, as such their use is situational.6) Furthermore, beyond the story mode there isn't much to do, once you play through it once you know what is coming and you prepare for it, I can't imagine playing through it again in a casual way.7) Lastly, the cutscenes are all mute, none of the characters speak and therefore I spent a good couple of times going ""what do they mean?"" or ""what is happening?"" The majority of backstory comes from the radios in safe rooms (about 3 per level) or from people around you.ConclusionI can't imagine playing this with anyone but friends, it's something you will have great fun with playing but suffer from burnout afterwards and maybe never touch again.Play with friends... laugh, panic and head shot your way through it, it's created some pretty memorable moments for me, and for that. Despite all the bugs and issues. It's worth it."
76561198079241259,Recommended,301640,15412100,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,XManZombie,:D
,Not Recommended,301640,19293710,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ChuckleBags,Tedious arena battles make this game far less amusing and interesting than it should be.
,Recommended,301640,14766281,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bubba,You can shoot them in the testicles and they wont resurrect. I r8 8/8
,Recommended,301640,14766577,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,smh,Shot a zombie in the testicles.10/10
76561198052674173,Not Recommended,301640,22840816,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SkyeRise,"I expected a shooter and got a tunnel-vision walking simulator with illogical placement of physical barriers (oh no I cannot get over that 1 foot high piece of wood; oh the game made that bit of air impassable;...), repetitive wave-spawning zombies and about as much immersion as trying to bath in a bottlecap.Maybe it just wasn't my kind of game, but it seemed like it did everything wrong that modern games tend to do right, no matter if they are AAA or cheaply produced. Lots of the old ""vices"" of game design make a grand come-back in this title and I have to say I did hope they had died for good.Well, I guess those are the undead that have risen that this game is truly all about..."
,Not Recommended,301640,18852423,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,GizkaFreechman,They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!They took out the binoculars!
,Not Recommended,301640,17653920,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Entropysoul,I paid the sale price for this only to realize it's just a bunch of zombie maps that could have come with any free dlc to any other zombie game.  The single player has no real content.  Just glad I didn't pay full price for this level of disapointment.
,Not Recommended,301640,29697076,Posted: 4 February,all,IzzGamerMalaysia (hellcase.com),I really hate this game..... really boring and the mission objective really kinda simple XD.... i like sniper elite more than this game. i am going to give this game 4/10... but if you like zombie using weapons.. maybe you should try it...
76561198059393299,Not Recommended,301640,29586672,Posted: 30 January,all,SHRIKE,"Loses all fun of Sniper Elite games, with pointless online co-op, terrible game, bought it for a fiver and somehow still feel ripped off."
76561198165582723,Recommended,301640,20512415,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KillerXAlien,"Great game, I love the fact that I kill undead German patriots and I can do it as a female or a black man,so Hitler is doubly mad at our equality.10/10 Would Kill Hitlers dreams again."
,Not Recommended,301640,29927028,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr Zeldion,Roses are redviolets are bluethis game is♥♥♥♥♥♥firetruck.
76561198009347439,Not Recommended,301640,29412858,Posted: 21 January,all,koenshaku,Great game but the only problem is chapters are too long to use check points as your only means to get them! So I am playing chapter 1 for 3 hours with two other frends and we take a brief break the game times out by the time I get back. I tell everyone it timed out only to find that since there is no way to save the damn game we have to start the whole chapter over or begin chapter 2!! Make a sub chapter menu if chapters are going to be so long! It is a huge waste of time to play over when you are trying to finish the game entirely!
,Recommended,301640,17335710,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,MeanBill,"Here is a list of people who should not play this game:Hipster zombie hatersSJWs who whine about violence in video games even though they never play anyEver-triggered ""kin"" of any typeAnyone who insists addressing someone by their ""chosen pronouns"" is an issue that matters at allAnyone who goes to a presentation about the latest DOOM game and then cries about the game's violence on social mediaAnyone who thinks it's OK to sleep their way to the bottom of the barrel in indie game development then cry mysogeny when they get caughtReal life actual NazisReal live actual zombiesMichael J. Fox (Unless he's playing as Alex P. Keaton)3 squirrells in an overcoat pretending to be 2 midgets in said overcoatFat chicksWho should play this game:Everyone else"
,Recommended,301640,18230232,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,HellcatHD,"I love this game. However, it's a shame that the community's small."
76561198071111349,Not Recommended,301640,17723425,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MrViking2,"this game creeps me out, im never playing it again!"
,Not Recommended,301640,29433987,Posted: 22 January,all,Meme,Veary boring soloneed good connection to play
,Not Recommended,301640,29885691,Posted: 12 February,all,Ruglud,Seems like a good game but it randomly crashes. Tried all of the suggestions online such as running as administrator and installing updated gfx drivers but nothing works. Wasted my money. Can I get a refund?
,Recommended,301640,32293207,Posted: 9 June,all,Gemanoneko,"Goood, gooood!!!"
76561198140032354,Recommended,301640,23820353,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,legosROCKdude,Loved it.
76561198153056086,Recommended,301640,23846651,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bumbis Teeguan,"wow made me hard, trans lives dont matter"
76561198042590261,Recommended,301640,33470215,Posted: 11 July,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
76561198019219321,Not Recommended,301640,22920392,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Germs14,does not work.
76561198063218068,Not Recommended,301640,34285271,Posted: 16 August,all,Anomalousduck,Can't reload checkpoints; have to finish entire levels at a time. Also quite glitchy and very poorly optimised.
76561197972488248,Not Recommended,301640,29453861,Posted: 23 January,all,magus,"i don't understand how this game got so many good reviews.It's SO REPETITIVE!!!! hell just one level done and i had too much zombies, too much kill cam and too much stupid noise to scare you but they are so repetitive too, you won't get scare at all.It seems like the dev only had one main idea and decided to spam it like crazy.VERY boring game.Maybe if you like brainless fps you'll like it.If you're looking for something else, don't buy it."
76561198299210932,Not Recommended,301640,22946493,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,nyosmar05,why i cant text on the game ?????
76561198038746722,Recommended,301640,17668319,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SYSTEM_ERROR_,THIS GAME IS RADGRAPHICS - PRETTY GOODCONTROLS - PRETTY GOODuhhh... thats about it. you shoot zombies.(but you dont die in 6 minutes like COD zombies.)
,Recommended,301640,14805395,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"The cult horror shooter series comes to an apocalyptic conclusion with an epic new third chapter, a heart-pumping new horde mode, and remastered editions of the best-selling Nazi Zombie Army 1 & 2.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3onad6717s4In the dying flames of World War II, Hitler has unleashed one final, unholy gamble – a legion of undead super soldiers that threatens to overwhelm the whole of Europe. Fight alone or team up to save humanity from the zombie menace in this apocalyptic third-person shooter!Battle through THREE epic campaigns across 15 demon-infested missions. Play solo or fight back to back in online co-op for 2-4 players. Dare you take on one of the most intense and challenging third-person shooters in gaming?Face gruesome enemies with iconic weaponry and powerful explosives. Dismember the undead to give yourself a fighting chance, and experience every putrid lung burst, every rotten bone shatter with the infamous X-ray Kill Camera. - Recommended!"
,Recommended,301640,20564106,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,pieloving,Zombie Kicking SimulatorI give it a nein/nein
76561197984413156,Recommended,301640,14766130,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Liteit,Great co-op experience.
,Not Recommended,301640,14783618,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Shrike,"Recommend yes and no, yes if you want one more chapter of the same game, No if you expected anything more.ATTENTION:""Perfect your play style with CUSTOMISABLE weapons""There are NO customizable weapons in the game! This is straight up false advertising, and I bought the third chapter for this sole reason, only to find that this is not true. The third chapter brings improvements but in tiny steps.Edit: The line about customizable weapons has been removed from the store page"
76561198003887615,Not Recommended,301640,21520024,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Julionp,"I'm actually giving a thumb down to a game that I really like... The problem is that the game engages a very coop environment, but it doesn't allow you to save your progress during one episode. So, if you and your friends leave the session in the middle of an episode, and want to continue later, you guys will have to restart it from scratch. well, that just sucks =("
76561197995364531,Recommended,301640,14760281,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Noby,Even better than the first two.
76561197963795015,Not Recommended,301640,15862011,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,motunova,"Unfun@#$%@#$%#ly acceptable, game crashes after 2 kills in the game, all drivers current, top of the line PC ( 5960x 780TI, 1TB SSD, etc.. ).All other games (93 steam games! ) works fine, will not ever buy a game from them again."
76561198100965357,Recommended,301640,14785716,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,michael,just plain awesome !
76561198112434774,Recommended,301640,14763391,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,МногоYO,The game is very nice !!!!!
,Recommended,301640,28252342,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rambo,"Awesome campaign!!Loved it totally. Concept of zombies is decades old but this game adds a whole new dimension to it. Different Nazi zombies, Gunners, Snipers, Elites who actually shoot to kill! This makes game lot different than other zombie games where you have to just kill those armsless zombies. The paranormal addition to story haunts you till the end. Zombie hitler! That♥♥♥♥♥♥was insane. Around 16 characters to choose from which includes 8 from Left 4 dead series and others from WW II era including Reznov who was my favourite. Fairly long campaign if played on marksman difficulty with zombie horde level equal to 2 players. And don't even think about selecting Sniper elite difficulty if you are playing alone! NEVER!!100% recommended for playing. It was too fun on solo, I can't imagine how awesome it would be to play with friends in co-op. And ofcourse there is a Horde mode so you can probably spend countless hours playing it.A steal in the steam sale it will be!!"
,Not Recommended,301640,22878475,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,N'wah With Attitude,Is this Wanted? Because it's one of those games where bullets go through a damn parabole.
76561198008502324,Recommended,301640,14764240,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Scoopers,Nice.
76561198104161563,Not Recommended,301640,16702064,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,*-=w3ii=-*,totally not worth the $ at all. disappointed.
76561198026021496,Recommended,301640,14880290,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,VSS-Elite Jocky the High-Hitter,"March 10th 2015   This is much better than the two other games,BUT the normal zombies have only one ""skin"" if you know what i mean,and still not very much changing faces, so they could fix this litle problems then this would be 10/10, oh i forgot: ADD MORE GUNS!!20th August 2015 Only problems are that there is only one ""skin"" still for the normal zombies and the head when you destroy it it will pop and leave only one of kind leftover. You should listen to me, devlopers this is important aspect. i still recommend this to all zombie-loving gamers but still fix orr add litle things to this wonderful game."
76561198097916337,Not Recommended,301640,15067574,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Fistful0fMetal,"The only positive about this is episode 3 apart from that it's a waste of money, glad I didn't pay the full price since I own the original NZA 1&2 which I will stick with."
,Recommended,301640,26279511,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Duma,"Замечательная игра, успокаивает нервы, советую)"
,Not Recommended,301640,17651285,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ThePlagueDoctor,mine lags but i have a 107 gb comp god internet sucks here
,Not Recommended,301640,26501090,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Deadmau2210,"For the content the game delivers, it is not worth 40€ ...Im glad the 4-pack was 80% off when i bought it!My friends agree that the campaign is boring and other than that just♥♥♥♥♥♥The surviving part of the game has only a few maps (Which is not that bad) and after playing all of them i think only two of them are good playable420 / 10 - Would refund"
,Not Recommended,301640,34004924,Posted: 3 August,all,VelixGV,"The only person I know who enjoys this game is an obese, cringy neo nazi who can't get laid.That's all you need to know about this low effort Call of Duty Zombies rip off."
,Recommended,301640,22698983,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"You kill zombies with WWII-era weapons. There are lots and lots of zombies. What sets this game apart from more ""traditional"" zombie shooters is the ubiquitous sniper rifle. What sets the sniper rifle in this game apart from other games with sniper rifles is that you can aim without scoping. That's right. There's a button to scope in and a button to aim without.Zombies - there are lots andlotsof zombies. If enjoyed the running gun battles with zombies in State of Decay, you'll have a good time here.Four-player coop - it works out pretty well."
,Not Recommended,301640,17760554,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kraken,"For plenty of machines (including mine), the game is a buggy mess. I, for example, experienced my second monitor blacking out (trying to fix it resulted in my Windows lagging extremely hard until I closed the game). The developers lack of response to the Steam discussions and support tickets submitted to them by e-mail let's me know that they don't care."
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,301640,25387198,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,this game has the most realistic WW2 plot.
,Not Recommended,301640,20483738,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,soundcloud.com/choiboy-sound :),"If you're buying this game under the assumption that you will get a similar experience like Left 4 Dead 2, don't.The game is boring; the gameplay is repetitive, the characters have no personalities, the list goes on.1/10"
,Not Recommended,301640,24508784,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,YoBoyRizzy,The checkpoint system in this game is absolutely horrible
,Recommended,301640,17669529,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Nacho Cheese,I hate over the top video games. I hate amazing deals. I hate being set in World War 2 fighting zombies with some great guns.
,Not Recommended,301640,34154407,Posted: 10 August,all,Neuro - L4D2 CC,A bad game that coud have been okayish if only ported to PC correctly.- Can't see PING when playing online.- Translations errors.- Console like 3rd person view.- Can't set up mouse sensitivity accurately.- Some options like Bloom etc can't be turned off.- And more...
,Not Recommended,301640,29465803,Posted: 24 January,all,Brummbrummquietsch,"Yes. Being constantly on the ground, moving from one dull narrow mini-level to the next one while being constantly driven into a corner and forced to back up where I can't use my (sniper) weapons and gadgets to its full potential is exactly what I was looking for in a game like this. Thank you for this wonderful experience."
,Not Recommended,301640,29547645,Posted: 28 January,all,Snakelaw,This game honestly sucks :/ Refunded after 2nd game :/
76561197971287568,Not Recommended,301640,19315739,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,El_Guapo,ok if you like 3rd person instead of 1st person - Wish it would have said 3rd person and i wouldn't have wasted money on it.  Wish i could return it after playing it for 10 minutes
76561198192762641,Not Recommended,301640,24782664,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Xerxes,.
,Not Recommended,301640,20757885,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,**.ARcaDE.**(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻#MLGson,1/10 ... the lvls are really really dumb ... and the *sniper skills* donst help here ... what ever ... still a good title ...
,Not Recommended,301640,19470389,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mommy says I'm Special,
,Recommended,301640,33152274,Posted: 2 July,all,Figer spin,10/10 would kill ISIS again
76561198087960470,Not Recommended,301640,20208042,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JamesCrymbe,Bad :(
,Not Recommended,301640,20203001,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Billy Mays,not fun smells bad
76561198020166661,Not Recommended,301640,35204822,Posted: 25 September,all,BALTHAZOD,"Well being L4D's biggest fan I thought this would be excellent, well its not its boring very fast lots of guns that are all the same maps that are just repetition.  The movement and fireing action are not to my likeing at all its jerky and only real gun is bolt action sniper the pistol and other rifle are weak and just a back up.  It just waves of zombies spawning from anywhere   ."
,Not Recommended,301640,17658519,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,KindOfExcellent,"Gameplay was lackluster, but I was trying to give it a chance. I got hit with a ton of lag all of a sudden and I had to exit the game because it was unplayable. It took about 30 minutes to close the game. I have a really fast connection and do not have issues with other online games.Not a good first impression, but I may try it agian if I'm bored.4/10"
,Not Recommended,301640,17653333,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Phate,"Cons---• 3rd person view• Made for console not computer• Aim feels wonky and difficult to aim, no accuracy• Unable to see where your bullets are going even with ultra graphics• Graphics in general are very lackluster• Mobility of the game is weird, you move and you still keep moving after you left go of the move keys• Cannot jump in this game (replaced with kick)• Throw a grenade and doesnt seem to explode, but it does work for knocking a zombies head off• Recoil does not feel right for a first person shooter• Combining a console game with L4D & CoD Zombie in one package does not work and this shows it• Game feels like it has an odd latency although is isnt lagging at all (hard to explain, it just isn't smooth)• Difficult to locate more ammo when, you just have to hope there is ammo on a zombie that you just killedPros---• Game was 66% off on purchase - (still will request for a refund)• Download was fast• Zombies• Good chat system• Many character choices• Lots of gun choices (Although the rifles feel like the same gun)"
76561198321925857,Not Recommended,301640,26295086,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,zielona_f,"ok - my bro bought the first two parts separatedly and i wanted to join for coop (only for the first two parts of course, bcs u'd actually had to buy the bundle including all three parts [two of which u already owned!] to play the third part), so i bought this bundle. turns out it isn't compatible with the separatedly bought games. i recommend not to feed this publisher any more money, bcs that's certainly the only thing they're after. shame- game itself isn't even halfway bad."
,Recommended,301640,30870205,Posted: 1 April,all,Ruby.csgoatse.com,10/10
,Not Recommended,301640,32832082,Posted: 26 June,all,Necrogeddon,"At first you can get fooled by all the graphics and nice colours but a few hours later, you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the inaccurate scope, the lack of feeling the trigger and the whole shot and the bugs that the game has like the sound coming after the hit or no sound at all. I got it for a low price but hell, this is not a 40€ game. Dont pay more that 10€ for it"
76561198050164112,Not Recommended,301640,29684851,Posted: 3 February,all,Tortilla,It was repetitive.
,Not Recommended,301640,34018336,Posted: 4 August,all,duckyduckyman,Cant shoot zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,301640,29498240,Posted: 26 January,all,dm,k
,Not Recommended,301640,34789600,Posted: 7 September,all,cReative52#,bad game!Third Person rlly ?Left for the win bro`s
76561198107338120,Recommended,301640,22837530,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,wockhardt,Lmao..
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,301640,30821280,Posted: 29 March,all,Vividnightmare,"Should just be called ""head shots only"". I got this after years of wanting to try it and it FINALLY went on an acceptable sale. It's awful. Enemies are bullet sponges like The Division. headshots are virtually the only way to kill enemies, which would be fine if there were limited numbers, but the games spawns like it's CoD Zombies or a mild L4D, completely ignoring that weapons are mostly useless. There aren't a lot of people playing this online either, which is understandable, why would you? Killing Floor 2 exists folks, that pretty much nullifies this."
,Not Recommended,301640,22917853,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Boat,First level was too hard for mejust too hard
,Not Recommended,301640,22390364,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"After you put sniper element and zombie element together, you got this piece of crap.Yes it has both sniper and zombies, but worse than many other zombie games, and it's worse than Sniper Elite series (which were made by the same devs).If you want decent zombie games, try Dead Island, Left 4 Dead, Dead Rising, and Dying Light.If you want good sniper games, get Sniper Elite 3 (with discount of course, full price is too much)."
76561197960331259,Not Recommended,301640,29746618,Posted: 6 February,all,Bonzo,The game is far too expensive. The controls are really bad and feel off...
,Not Recommended,301640,14913985,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,TabooVector {Ove's Helter],GREAT GAME BUT SO MUCH RUINED WITH AN SUPER BOSS with chainsaw ... deja vu res evil someone..... so i know this is meant for 2or more ppl but some of us like playing alone dont mind the horde of horde with enemy's but super bosses are a big thumbs down ... but i'm the fool hence i fell for the series .. so in shorth u like zombie hordes comin for u you liked the previous versions buy it if not rather stick with the orhinale sniper elite grapich wise this so called improvedversion was a masvive let down .. what ever they upgraded i've don't can say i've notice it ...  recommed the game i will complete it but after that delete to never see the day of light from me .. so no i can't recommend it in that since i was let massived down ...
76561198117344444,Not Recommended,301640,15200767,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,7ven,"Deception, this have nothing to see with sniping and infiltration. They just drops some groups of zombies. I was excepcting something like sniper elite 3 but... The only good thing I liked was the possibility to choise your charachter... Anyway, I hope for the future something like Sniper elite 3.. and without zombies.. dunno why they put zombies everywhere now, this is boring. Don't ask why i bought it, i've no idea, maybe i was too tired ;)"
76561197985410756,Not Recommended,301640,17638688,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ikiro,"THIS IS NOT L4D3! This is like Dark Souls, with no armor, no health recovery mechanic (that I have found yet), no dodge and really crappy guns. You have a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥melee kick you can attempt, but it only reaches about 75% as far as zombies, so if you are in range to use it it's likely 3-5 are in range to hit you. I can't even figure out why the L4D chars were attached to this mess. Excessively linear ""story"" mode. I've never played a game on such rigid rails. I think multiplayer could be fun if you know people, but don't expect to get in a PUG game. Everything I've read actually says the multiplayer servers are empty when there isn't a sale filling them with new suckers. Movement controls feel like your character is neck deep in quick sand, aiming is laborious and spastic at the best of times and god help you if anything gets inside of 10 meters because the close range weapons are garbage.The environments are immersive and kinda pretty really, but the game mechanics shove it all out the window. This is a $5 game from that bargain rack by the checkout at your bookstore. Pay no more than that, ever. The only reason I'm not filling out a refund form right now is my very slim hope that maybe some day, years from now, some great modder will  make a L4D total conversion lol. I genuinely want to play through these interesting places, just not like this. Not like this at ALL."
76561198062697159,Recommended,301640,14761704,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Anson,One of the best zombies killing games I have ever play and the texture quailty is extremly nice too!!!
,Not Recommended,301640,34711804,Posted: 3 September,all,unusualGuy,Bullet sponge enemies and all the guns feel the same.  Not that good lol
76561198071288382,Not Recommended,301640,17508666,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SINGSONG1,"Do not buy this game, it has no dedicated servers and relies on the host of your party which causes delays in bullets"
,Recommended,301640,22821018,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,cuck1,awesome and fun
76561198012784015,Not Recommended,301640,29459642,Posted: 24 January,all,Argos,"Zombies can be killed only by a headshot? What a boring monotonous crap, left for dead is 100 times better"
,Not Recommended,301640,29413494,Posted: 21 January,all,Dark Knight,I played it for 2 mins i got the other nazi zombie i was thinking it was  new but its just a remaster with extra stuits a fun game
,Not Recommended,301640,34211045,Posted: 13 August,all,ERKARK,story is crap
76561198254360472,Not Recommended,301640,22860331,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Me,This game is boring for me. No story. Just take guns “biubiubiu” to kill zombie for winning. That's all......
76561198028147680,Not Recommended,301640,22840928,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MooseaWanna,I picked this up on a sale i reccomend you do too because this game had remaked the first two making not 15 new missions now only 5 new missions anyway if this isnt on sale i dont reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,301640,34702346,Posted: 2 September,all,⎛⎝ℬlaize9⎠⎞,This game is simple and repetitive however the graphics were good.
,Not Recommended,301640,29402853,Posted: 21 January,all,Shawn Wolf,This game gets boring and repetitive quick.
76561198185022073,Not Recommended,301640,29405225,Posted: 21 January,all,newlive495,Crash crash crash no AMD or crossfire support or just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ code.AMD RX480  single and crossfire
76561198137763464,Not Recommended,301640,16455743,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Milk,"This game runs incredibly slow on my comuter (I get around 12 FPS) compared to more than 60 FPS on CSGO, over 120 FPS on TF2, and 60+ FPS on most games. I would not recommend this game as it takes a lot of tweaking to different settings to get it to work correctly and I simply am not interested in the game to maket those adjustments. I wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,301640,27059233,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,bored game.
,Not Recommended,301640,32092838,Posted: 31 May,all,BardzBeast,Its fun when I get to actually snipe. but so far 90% of the time youre forced to use the rubbish pistols and smgs in close quarters against ridiculous enemies like bullet sponges and silly skeletons. Not what I expected at all
76561197970858041,Not Recommended,301640,17673175,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gulch,"Boring and completely scripted combat. Not recommended, even if you are just looking to pop a few heads.Uses the same tired Call of Duty format as we've seen a zillion times before, complete with tiny map areas, invisible walls and unpassable doors everywhere. Rehashed, uninspired♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yawn.Gameplay bears no resemblance to Left 4 Dead whatsoever, despite what the trailer would have you believe."
76561198135129789,Not Recommended,301640,26362044,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Chubbly Wubbly Weasely,just a rip off of left 4 dead but with the sniper elite gameplay mechanics instead. On the other hand the sniper elite games themselves are awesome
,Not Recommended,301640,15803395,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,BlameTheHealer,"The game is unplayable. As soon as the screen fades in after loading my character is falling through the map to his death. It never changes, despite reloading the game, trying single player, different characters, private games, horde mode. No matter what I do, as soon as the game starts my character is falling through the map to his death. Fix your game Rebellion because it's utter trash."
76561197970538783,Not Recommended,301640,26680821,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bishopxz,"I played this for 13 min, hated it and applied for a refund immediately afterwards and 3 weeks later. I still havnt got it refunded. of the 62 games i bought from steam ive never refunded, and will refrain from further purchases im not sure about. Thanks STEAM !"
,Not Recommended,301640,24509762,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Redundantly Sexy Catgirl,Absolute garbage... this game is on par with the ♥♥♥♥♥iest dos game you can find only not old school and quaint. ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥ who sucked the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥needed to put this turd on steam for 50 dollars xD rofl wow.. yes 49.99 is what they claim to expect for this pos that's obviously on sale while your looking at it. this game makes me wish germany won.
76561198098844557,Not Recommended,301640,34201668,Posted: 12 August,all,Im provoking U,Boring. Only played it all the way through because of Coop. Season 3 was trial and error which put the final nail in the coffin.
76561198042233666,Not Recommended,301640,15192053,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hardtarget,"This has to be the worst game ive played for a few years... Horrible control... Just a loooong stream of endless♥♥♥♥♥♥boring headshots of slowmovers. YAAAAAAAAAAAWN..... So bad ppl, so f..... bad.... How this has gotten so good reviews, puzzles the mind..."
,Not Recommended,301640,31352066,Posted: 24 April,all,Baycosinus,"I would expect stealth gameplay from a Sniper Elite title. This game DOES NOT provide stealth gameplay opportunity. This is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Also, optimisation is ""a little bit"" poor, i mean, i'm getting frame drops in several points where you're facing with too many NPC's.The rest of it is okay, atmosphere is awesome. XRay kills are epic. But i do not recommend if you're looking for a stealth zombie action, like me.What is the point of being a sniper if i cannot sneak past, then? I played 10+ hours and i mostly used my secondary shotgun or MP41 to kill zombies. And secondary weapon mechanics are not good at all.So; good concept, bad implementation.If you're looking for a game where you sprint and quickscope zombies while your breathing shakes the scope like a ♥♥♥♥ing swing, go ahead and buy it."
,Not Recommended,301640,29400512,Posted: 21 January,all,Jaque Blacc,"So boring, it's just the same over and over"
,Not Recommended,301640,22836216,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Foofin,this game would be pretty fun if i had friends
76561198021841770,Not Recommended,301640,30418952,Posted: 9 March,all,[HHUK] Cannonballer_r4,"Good Game But the Lobby System Sucks , Can understand why no1 plays ONLINE"
76561198187467257,Recommended,301640,22821943,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nohemi-WYD,Es Ist ein lustiges Spiel Und eine Menge Rätsel
,Not Recommended,301640,28804723,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ihazcarrot™,"The screenshots, trailers and the atmosphere may look great, but this game has very dull gameplay.  What worked well with standalone doesn't seem to be that great as a horde shooter..  Do some dull and simple objectives and kill zombies that arent that fun to kill after a short while...What's even more funny to me is that the regular price for this game is 41,99 ...fanboys gonna hate lol"
,Recommended,301640,14759214,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,goro3d,This game is so awesome I love it got it for 60% off and enjoyed playing it but got 2 achievements in just 2 minutes of each other :)!This game is a 20/20 lol ok ok 10/10.Worth it if you have one or both the previous games but get it while the deal is good deal ends April 3rd!Not much more to say it's AWESOME!
76561197995327352,Not Recommended,301640,30188598,Posted: 25 February,all,Boonus,Gets boring fast.
76561197970584372,Not Recommended,301640,32576876,Posted: 19 June,all,[FOX]Schnurx,"If you have a life and people may actually call you away from a game - don't buy it.This game is so stupidly designed it doesn't even save checkpoints. So you play 2 hours and if you have to interrrupt, you can start all over again.Completely idiotic and unuseable. Which is too bad, because otherwise the game mechanics are pretty solid.I just don't have the tolerance for this kinda crap anymore."
,Not Recommended,301640,29401928,Posted: 21 January,all,get in the zone AUTOZONE,Play L4D2 instead.
76561198071281373,Not Recommended,301640,28143008,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SU3_ZER0,"-Singleplayer has no companion-Multiplayer is almost dead-Gameplay is the worst partIts all about the damn snipe♥♥♥♥♥♥Zeds are more than you can handle with your sniper rifles (you carry an automatic and a pistol and some explosives too, but their ammo is very low and not accurate). No useful melee attack, its only a funny kick.Zeds spawn locations, movements, speed, attacks are unbalanced. You have to snipe them from 20 meters long and they quickly reach and take you down. I mean its a sniper based game, why the hell we need sniper rifles to kill zeds in close quarter combat. The whole idea is♥♥♥♥♥♥-Graphics are nice and acceptable, animations are fair.-Audio and soundtracks are poor.2/10 Not recommending at all."
,Recommended,301640,14757599,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tonkinese,brilliant as always fun co op and just so much better than the previous releases
,Not Recommended,301640,22513163,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,XXXb00r0ne,Zombie army trilogy is a very dissapointing zombie shooter with a very very overpriced tag I picked it up on special for value and have been regreting it ever since.
,Recommended,301640,22814983,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,◥Reso(1)ut(1)on◤,Just lets go shoot some damn dead nazis yeah !
76561198200754623,Not Recommended,301640,29400335,Posted: 21 January,all,LOL,no one plays this game dont buy it
,Not Recommended,301640,34052550,Posted: 5 August,all,THE TRUMPINATOR,story doesnt run for me thank god for steam refund
76561198151018062,Not Recommended,301640,29425557,Posted: 22 January,all,BadgeeRR,Stale...
,Not Recommended,301640,29418178,Posted: 22 January,all,ＲＯＮＡＬＤ,"run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, run to objective, clear zombies, you completed the mission!"
76561197970524443,Recommended,301640,16762788,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"A twist on other zombie survival genre titles, that challenges and satisfies. Successfully combined elements of Left for Dead and Sniper Elite make for a fun and rewarding experience. The game can be equally fun solo as it can be with others playing with you, allowing you to test your skills against multiple campaign missions; each getting progressivly more challenging. Although some areas were difficult to solo, I managed to complete all missions available, and what fun it was! I reccomend anyone who is a fan of Left or Dead or Sniper Elite to pick it up. It is an excellent package that provides many hours of longevity.Additional Note:The game does suffer from poor optimization in certain areas. Although pretty minor, they will be noticible on most configurations."
76561198164960586,Recommended,301640,14758718,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,The Icon of Sin,Dem chainsaw dudes
76561198265093640,Not Recommended,301640,24976022,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Son,lag keemstar is better
76561198083712192,Recommended,301640,22817216,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jotarome,It's good
76561198031672864,Not Recommended,301640,34917353,Posted: 13 September,all,Jim,GIMME BAK MAH BIRTHDEY MONEY11111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198006333175,Not Recommended,301640,26309456,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,stripeisback,"This just loads a wite backround screen and spooky music, (maybe there should be written options e.g start game). Cant play."
76561198086502569,Recommended,301640,22731258,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Arab Attack,Gud grafics
76561198053332250,Not Recommended,301640,33219401,Posted: 4 July,all,klaus utley,i bought this errors out alot says pplay but wont load idk whats wrong
,Recommended,301640,20243323,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,❤ kaykay,"Do you enjoy playing L4D/L4D2? If yes, then this game is for you.The thing I like the most is how much more real it feels, and the headshots required to kill the zombies. Unlike in L4D/L4D2 where you can run in all guns blazing and get the mission over and done with, this actually requires a bit more skill and effort, and I think it's great! It takes a little bit of getting used to, but the function keys are almost the same as L4D/L4D2. The only different thing that took getting used to was the walking around, I always bump into things, but after a few minutes of playing, it gets easier.Also suggest playing it with a group of 3-4 people. The more people you have, the more zombies you get! Just way more fun with more people in my opinion. I prefer to play games with others anyway! Makes the game more enjoyable. :)Definitely recommend this game to anyone who is bored of playing L4D/L4D2."
76561197960936936,Not Recommended,301640,34077678,Posted: 7 August,all,Kenny,Played for 15 min then refunded.Single player is complete rubbish.Not even worth the sale price of £5.99Save your money and buy Sniper Elite 4 or 3 or even V2 there all much beater games than this.
76561198148946465,Not Recommended,301640,14803962,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Cpt. Shmitt,"Better than the earlier releases of NZA 1 and 2 but buyers be warned...The third game is too hard for one player even on the lowest difficulty, there are too many (specifically in the final missions) where theres no room to manuever and too many zombies even if its set to 1 player amount of zombies.The first two chapters in the trilogy are fairly easy and fun to play with much more enhancements, changes and content additions, plus it's less demanding on low end PCs than the first releases.If you are planning on buying the trilogy then I'd suggest getting some friends to play it with you. Solo is a whole different ballpark than coop. If you don't have any friends to play it with you then Id suggest not bothering with the last missions on the third campaign."
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,301640,29692321,Posted: 4 February,all,Nemoto,bad game
,Not Recommended,301640,29104050,Posted: 7 January,all,MeowW,Ezy pzy
,Not Recommended,301640,32603051,Posted: 20 June,all,AimlessCinderKnight,while fun at first for the first few levels it gets so god damn annoying later in the game. Since when does getting double tapped by a pistol wielding zombie while trying to train the mob away from a door to a house at the same time as trying to defeat a chainsaw wielding mini boss make any god damn sense? this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,301640,14762096,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,pnats,p okay
76561198033696207,Not Recommended,301640,34709159,Posted: 3 September,all,Meow #sophistiCATed,the ♥♥♥♥ing thing won't launch
76561198058096322,Not Recommended,301640,34050389,Posted: 5 August,all,Fog_Heavy_Cruiser_Takao,game kept crahing after launching into game. sound goes static and screen turns black then crashes computer. game needs a fix
76561198026394552,Not Recommended,301640,14954956,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Schauble,Worst multiplayer game i've ever played...
,Not Recommended,301640,26165067,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,U'berion,Borring game if you play in single. May be interesting for 4-5 hours with friend but there are better muliplayer games.
76561198211264545,Not Recommended,301640,34022714,Posted: 4 August,all,Lucas,"Terrible Sniping against the zombies, mouse sensitive is terrible too, game is good but overall not recommended"
76561197970776606,Not Recommended,301640,30347775,Posted: 5 March,all,[DE] Al3X,"Bad graphics, bad controls. The game has a huge input lag (without Vsync!) and crashes when minimized. Furthermore it becomes boring after a few missions."
,Not Recommended,301640,29413058,Posted: 21 January,all,Slyguy,don't
,Not Recommended,301640,14935765,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,schweinhund,"Thanks for not adding fkn scope toggle, I hope you all die! I seriously want my money back!-115/100"
,Not Recommended,301640,28563872,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[k꒞Ѫ]Mr.Mole1674,its not a fun game like the sniper elite sirries
,Recommended,301640,33117589,Posted: 1 July,all,⛧Hoji⛧,like minecraft
,Not Recommended,301640,30093433,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,Fun.
,Not Recommended,301640,34560392,Posted: 28 August,all,Sarcoth,"Nice graphics, fun zombies animations and mechanics.  There aren't a lot playing the Campaign mode, I couldn't find a co-op game at all.  Also, I'm not a fan of the over-the-shoulder view.  I prefer First-Person."
,Not Recommended,301640,28393810,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sa1nt J1ao,"It is not an adorable FPS game among all of those zombie Theme shooting games. Lots of improvements need to be done on many aspects such as those bugs, modoles improvments and so on. In general this is not quite a good game.5/10"
76561198024726433,Not Recommended,301640,22836039,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DUENDE_ACDC,"Well, it's about zombies. They came from the floor and you need to kill them."
,Not Recommended,301640,30739962,Posted: 25 March,all,J☢shArizona!@LizardPeople.gov,♥♥♥♥ off...
,Not Recommended,301640,14774273,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Only­Fails,"Could have been done better, they could have the boss monsters take damage from explosives and designed the maps better for movement and flow instead of being pushed to the wall and suffocating from the literally endless horde of zombies. (Not sure if that was a glitch or intended for the bosses that don't die)Anyway, the game should be tweaked a bit more, or not, I don't really care and neither do Rebellion, they already have my money."
76561198129200322,Not Recommended,301640,16487914,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Doppler2,THIS GAME SUCKS
76561198180399883,Not Recommended,301640,31979048,Posted: 26 May,all,Big CobraZz,NOT GOOD DONT BUY
,Not Recommended,301640,17645733,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Genesis,i want a refund please.. i didnt like the game
,Not Recommended,301640,34059456,Posted: 6 August,all,CRUNCHY,It has got nothing in common with L4D by the way. I thought it did and that's why I bought it. It has none of the charm and the fun. The levels are dark dreary and boring. Don't pay more than $5 for this. The confusion came from having the L4D characters...
76561198107076129,Recommended,301640,14757300,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,(Ali 420),i love this  game  but  i got  to  get  use to  it
,Not Recommended,301640,28538793,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BULGARIAN WARRIOR,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ wish I could get a refund
76561198118810025,Not Recommended,301640,22847916,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,XxxCringeNamexxX,"Yes i only play for 15 minutes, but from that time, i already find what im not liking to. the third person style, it not suitable for me, i hoping it can be switch to first person, but it CANT!. the kicking style... wtf, man, they kicking like a lady, dev should develop more style for the kicking.... IT IS Zombie that they kick, not at CAT. No jumping button... WTF broo, its not realistic, especially when i shoot the zombie, no stun, no blood.... DO dev realize, the speed that bullet been shooting from a sniper weapon? it should at least kicking the zomb back a few, but no, the zombie not feeling anything, not even blood out from shooting them....like shooting a rag doll. Im not hating this game, but unfortunately this game is not for me, i guess back to l4d2 again"
76561198109121067,Not Recommended,301640,22837674,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Lawkeeper,DONT BUY THIS GAME ITS SUPER REPETITIVE 1 HOUR OF FUN NO STEALTH AT ALL
76561197983786596,Not Recommended,301640,34629011,Posted: 31 August,all,iDig- Candy,Crashes on Win10 64 bitMSI 6QF Apache ProNvidia GTX970M GDDR5 3GBIntel i7 Skylake-6700HQ8GB RAM
,Not Recommended,301640,33254807,Posted: 4 July,all,Ben,"Banal, buggy, and bland. Avoid at all cost, I'd rather kill myself than play this again."
76561198141841512,Not Recommended,301640,33005784,Posted: 29 June,all,Guru,Too hard even on cadet...
,Not Recommended,301640,23992204,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Happy Chicken Leg,Awful.
76561198202946491,Not Recommended,301640,34717708,Posted: 3 September,all,Denardo Trumpu,"I can't run the damn game at all, even at minimal graphics! Get a good computer to play this, otherwise, don't get it."
76561198080132624,Not Recommended,301640,14785468,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ron Swanson,I cant even play the game. It kicks me out of the loading screen back to my desktop. Then it shuts itself down. Stupid.
76561198008670029,Not Recommended,301640,14786382,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Patfighting,"I cannot play with friends that only have 1, or 2. So I can only play solo play to friends to dont feel like dishing out the extra bucks. Not going to get much out of this game I suppose"
76561198001931970,Not Recommended,301640,32523107,Posted: 17 June,all,Mike Ginger,"Just another Stupid Steam piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that steal the control of the computer and freezes the screen, ♥♥♥♥ Microsoft and go linux !"
76561198099074840,Not Recommended,301640,29392799,Posted: 21 January,all,goaliecole,"Don't buy this game even if it's on sale. Go buy Sniper Elite, a real game witha actual challenge. This is the worst game I have ever played. I know my time played is low, but I've tried a lot of the different mission, because you don't even have to play them in order. If you do buy it, just skip to the last level and shoot Hitler in the balls then refund this game. Avatar the Last Airbender movie/5 - ♥♥♥♥ing lazy"
76561197970683594,Not Recommended,301640,22816999,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Skull,"I was very dissapointed to see third person only!! For first person PC only gamers be aware! I never play games in that mode, so this is very different. It looked great and played smooth on a GTX 680. You have been warned (wish I knew it)."
76561198226658872,Not Recommended,301640,22814216,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,danieltudor94,"If you're buying this thinking you will have some fun like in Left 4 Dead ,you'll have a suprise becouse its not at all like that,immagine you have to headshot every pathetic zombie just to kill it,now,combine it with deufault dificulty that makes your aim move more realisticly plus some lage and you have the recipe for most frustating zombie game you can get.The multyplayer,while it does have some palyer,sometimes i have to wait for aeges fosr someone to join,and i cant even be in a 4 player team(3 controled by the AI)until other players join my game.This game is great at start for bringing something new to the table,but it gets odd after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,301640,14760813,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,† 𝔖𝔥𝔢𝔇𝔢𝔳𝔦𝔩 †,"Well its a bit waste of money after they brought out Nazi Zombie army 1&2 they rebrought the game with 3 so with other word they putted 3 games in one game, they inserted 1&2 in 3 and Added just a new part to it, so it was kind waste of money if u bought 1&2 seperate cause u can replay those storylines here in this game too. It probably wouldv been better if they just brought The Episode Beyond Berlin Seperate, cause now people have bought 1&2 all for Nothing Cause in This Game u can have The Entire Story line (1+2+3) so yeah kinda dissapointing. so i just bought the game to play Episode 3"
,Not Recommended,301640,26239906,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,KillerSmoker,i wouldnt recommend this game to no one its really a bad game the game play sucks
76561198081684443,Recommended,301640,21101623,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,The dark gamer,If you woud like to kill millions of nazi zombies inclusive hitler with a trickshot this is the best game for you.
76561198347141464,Recommended,301640,30404379,Posted: 8 March,all,fejamart1,"Very neat and scary graphics!I've just played a minimal part of this game, in a solo basis, and it feels great!A very scary experience while exploring and fighting immersed in a nightmarish deeply tense and stressful atmosphere and environment created by the graphics, music and sound effects... Just when you think you've got a well deserved, but tense, break,...more enemies come after you...and they are numerous and tough. As the trailer said: wisely use your resources, plan the killing, aim to the head, and RUN when necessary!"
,Recommended,301640,30421775,Posted: 9 March,all,Kausto,Masterpiece
,Recommended,301640,22852257,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,xX_Tankguy_Xx,Not body Not limb JUSTboom headshot !BooM HeadshoT !!BOOM HEADSHOT !!!8/10
,Recommended,301640,17237936,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mr. M,"This game makes ""Nazi Zombies"" FRESH again."
76561198202807497,Recommended,301640,17946432,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Egg Boy,That's a 10.
,Recommended,301640,18041080,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mattasaurus,"Boom, headshot, nutshot, ""I've stolen your shot"" shot, ""oh dear god there is a big guy, shoot him in the head multiple times, is he dead? Oh no, but there is a second one too, and we're now dead"" shotMany shots. Would shoot again. 10/10"
,Recommended,301640,18031629,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Wintear,Nice worth it more thrill than l4d2 actually with creepy music
76561198076805683,Recommended,301640,17854165,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Darrgoth,"This game is really freaking awesome my single and only gripe with the game is the fact they need to change the scoreboard system in the game. It should be optional or not on there period, it really ruins the fun to a degree because it forces people to be competitive."
,Recommended,301640,17855073,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Slickmiester88,I love this game...it feels like Left4Dead but in third person perspective
,Recommended,301640,17792897,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,tupliS,10/10 would play again
76561197972566609,Recommended,301640,17792817,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AlphA6,If you liked L4D your going to love this!  Pick this up if you want some zombie head poping CO-OP good times..... unless you don't have friends.
,Recommended,301640,17820257,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Aggressive Octopus,Come for the Zombies.Stay for the Spooky Skeletons.
,Not Recommended,301640,17820266,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dark Wing,"Ive wanted to play more of this game. At first I was really enjoyingit but soon grew tired. A few weeks latert i had decided to play it once more. Only to find out that this game crashes due to me running an nvidia 750. Fun game, when it works."
,Recommended,301640,18021443,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Psycho[ROTL],One of the best zombie games. It has so many easter eggs hidden in the game. Secret Zombie dance to YMCA!!
,Recommended,301640,17888261,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Stoogie,A must buy for sniper/WW2 enthusiasts. Though I wouldn't pay anymore than $30 as multiplayer is limited due to popularity and not the best netcode..
76561197984544538,Recommended,301640,17802195,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Linnear,Great Freakin' Game..Way better than the first 2. The slow mo x ray kill shots are still awesome. Horde/Survival mode will provide many hours of zombie killing madness. 4 player co op... Left for Dead 1&2 character update!
,Recommended,301640,17933902,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr. Nefarius,"Str8 up fun!, solo or co-op /// Ye shall be disappointed not ;-)"
76561197999419873,Recommended,301640,17905450,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pain,"Awsome,awsome game..."
,Recommended,301640,17930718,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Deathsmiles,"LOVE IT, fun, zombie hordes can be intense, the other thing i wished was that there were more mini bosses mixed in and more gun selection but over all I give this game a 8 or 9 outta 10 :D"
76561198027553869,Recommended,301640,17926385,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,good.
76561197971181521,Recommended,301640,17921510,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Stabjack,"Strong gameplay, challenging. Only thing is you need good sniping skills because there's no other mechanism to win."
76561198140180330,Recommended,301640,18079058,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,성혜진,this sniper-third person shooter-action-horror-zombie-shooting genre is so hard to play in single player.you gonna need to kill a boss character with headshots and you will die with a few hits from enemies[although your health regenerate fast].this game is better if you play online but overall this game great
76561198034426212,Recommended,301640,18073343,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Sammy L,"Wonderful gameplay, challenging at times, fun to play as COOP. Highly Recommended"
76561198010613724,Recommended,301640,17762907,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ProjectN7,"I've been playing horror zombie bloody games since I was 6 with resdient evil being the first one to play, once resident evil 4 came out it wasn't the same anymore and playing 6 was even more sad to struggle and put two to bring down a single zombie and with all the zombie games I've played and seen it's kind of hard for me to just play into a zombie game.  But after playing this I've been hooked ever since the whole setting, the sniper killcams along with the awesome double headshot shots to pull off, and the concept of going for headshots as much as possbile to bring them down with that one shot which makes it really fun.  You could always go for body shots but it takes more shots to bring a zombie down to the chest then a dome shot.I really recommend this game to anyone thats a huge zombie fan thats played and seen every zombie theme show or game, with that sharpshooter feel too it and some wolfenstein action too, then pick this game up and have a blast solo or co op."
76561198156039344,Recommended,301640,17764611,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,EvilSquirrel,"Fun game. Tons of gore! Great horde mode, just wish more players were online to play campaign mode. On the hardest setting this game is tough. Challenging first person shooter. Would recommend a xbox one PC controller to play with it, gives u great control."
,Recommended,301640,17764790,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,PokeDoggo | csgobounty.com,"I bought this game while it was on sale, and i would highly recommend buying this."
,Recommended,301640,17697330,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a lot of fun, offering an interesting take on the well-worn nazi zombies formula. This most certainly is not a game for the faint of heart, however, as in single player mode the difficulty level is pretty brutal."
76561198066298373,Recommended,301640,17699676,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Death_Revoked,"Awesome!!!!great game easy to play, recommend to any zombie slayer out there :)"
,Recommended,301640,17700800,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,its a pretty odd turn to the nazi zombies thing since l4d2. I didn't even know it was suppose to be a trilogy
,Recommended,301640,17700988,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bradley,"Amazing game, I'd recommend it to anyone who likes Third person shooters and Zombie survival!TAKE MY MONEY!"
,Recommended,301640,19515081,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,clit,"Most games have tutorials in the first level. In the first level of this game, they give you 3 big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who take 20 bullets to the head and 50 explosives before they get down to about 75% of their health.i spent like 4 hours with my friend on the first level"
,Recommended,301640,19470851,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The White Wolf,I like everything about this game except for the running suicide bomber zombie. huhu. too scary! :'( but overall it is 10/10 rating for me. Best played with friends! hahaha.
76561197967346265,Recommended,301640,19697603,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Deja Vu,"I haven't even played the single player/campaign yet, but the multiplayer alone is fantastic and makes it a must buy."
76561198061456632,Recommended,301640,19673036,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HeliPapi,The children in the Subway to Hell can count higher than Gaben...11/10 would recommend.
76561197961466023,Recommended,301640,19673283,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GODofWEED™,This game is awesome
,Recommended,301640,17766773,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Vensker,"Decent zombie game. Not so fun to play alone than with friends. I recommend buying this from sale, because the full price is pretty high."
,Recommended,301640,19757276,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Damien Darkside,Ever wanted to shoot an undead Nazi sniper in the balls?Boy do I have your game.Multiplayer is kinda unstable though. Reloading checkpoints is a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198090116560,Recommended,301640,20156879,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tesam,If you loved the first two you'll b extremely satisfied with this one. Especially if you get it while it's on sale- 15 bucks for 15 levels ~ each taking more than a hour. The game is way better if you have friends to play with but it's still great by yourself.BUY THIS GAME
76561198026294434,Recommended,301640,20122510,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Reki,Sexy AF
,Recommended,301640,20122566,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inDe_eD,"This game is really 3 games put into one. You can seperately purchase game 1 and 2, but 3 is unreleased and is only available in this pack of games. The game is built off the engine and entire game of ""Sniper Elite v2"". It is third-person and runs smoothly and great. I have personally beat all 3 games and I enjoyed every single mission of every single game in the series. I would recommend this to anyone who likes sniping and zombies."
,Recommended,301640,20101016,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rumpelforeskin,I love the Sniper Elite Series and adding the Left 4 Dead charachters just made this so much better!
,Recommended,301640,20100330,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Drunk Campaigner,Absolutely recommend. Everyone likes killing some Nazi zombies! This game has its fair amount of WTF moments along with a few jump scares at times. Overall a great experience when you have a friend or two to play with. It is definitely in my top 5 co-op games to play.
76561198045254129,Not Recommended,301640,20225066,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MLP Ashkore,"Seeing as I bought this solely for the co-op experience, it breaks my feelings when saving in co-op is not a thing. Having to restart each chapter from scratch breaks the game for my intended purpose."
,Recommended,301640,20189527,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,klownthegoblintechie,"Really challenging co-op on 2-player mode.Hordes of zombies, limited ammo, unlimited boots to rotting faces.Lots of fun and frustration when you can't pass a stage."
,Not Recommended,301640,20232504,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shiv,"Bought it during Winter Sale.You basically get Zombie Campaign and Horde Mode.Only viable weapons are sniper rifles, and it's all about headshots. (Surprise, from Sniper Elite)Have to constantly scavenge more ammo from zombies dead bodies.No progression system.If that sounds like a jolly good time for you, then get it. But it was nt for me and would not reccomend."
76561197991105743,Recommended,301640,20222417,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,REDЯUM,"Bullet camsZombiesMulti player co-opAnd [SPOILER ALERT]send Hitler to hell!Only con is I don't feel like the replay value is all that high.My friends and I finished the coop on some silly difficulty level, and none of us have launched it since."
76561198121607966,Not Recommended,301640,20200296,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Orange Juice Powder,This game is insanely fun. Who would have tought that precision sniping and zombie   hordes would go together so well. Unfortunatly my game crashes everytime I boot it up after 10 mins of play I havent been able to complete the first chapter due to ZAT.exe crash. I have looked at every internet page related and even posted on Rebellion FB page to no avail. It seems like this affects a random number of ppl and there is nothing I can do. I buy a game expecting it to work BUT no PC gaming is just ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.
,Recommended,301640,20048492,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,dotps1,"So far, im liking this game, i got it cheap.  Im still not positive about the 3rd person view, but im getting used to it.  the only con i have so far is that it says it has Steam Trading Cards, but i have yet to see one.all and all, i say get it."
76561198119895870,Recommended,301640,20054109,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,s05slickrick05r,"amazing game flow, definetly see some serious  game time going into it."
,Recommended,301640,22470685,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ironwill,epic game that provides a lasting immersive challenge
76561198234801740,Recommended,301640,17784369,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dogmeat,"Great game, very unique, also hoping for more game modes and dlc"
76561198048508312,Recommended,301640,17783677,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trajik,Greart graphics very customizable for difficulty
,Recommended,301640,17780870,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DoorShutter,It is kinda like a LFD game witch i loved and adding it to PS4 and Xbox one was a great move. Also addinging the LFD characters was a great move sometimes i wish the game was a bit easyer but i have to say it keept me on the edge of my seat.
,Recommended,301640,17806455,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SinisterNaga,NoLif3media gives this game a 4.0 out of 5.0. Its all around fun for group players and a fun game to burn time on in horde mode.Shoot hitler and his♥♥♥♥♥hole nazis in the balls in slow motion!The game is also pretty diverse in the weapon catagory although im a bit disapointed that the guns cant be upgraded and the maps all look very similar.Although the game is flawed slightly.The overall experience is just laughs and fun for your team.Heres a vid of me and my pals having some awsome fun with this game.Hope you guys enjoy and please subscribe for more games and reviews.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQOmi8ZRoWI
76561197988077759,Recommended,301640,17824204,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,danny_maland,"""ZAT"" is a brilliant return to what I loved about older games: It revolves around basic play mechanics and careful tuning of balance. With those two elements in place, a large number of very fun challenges can be cooked up. The difficulty curve matches beautifully with the ""novelty"" curve: Just like a ""Mario"" game, you gradually encounter new enemies and environmental conditions, and these are mixed together in different ways to create problems for you to solve. Because the bedrock mechanics are so solid, even the tough problems avoid a feeling of being arbitrary or ""cheap.""The basic shooting is okay, but the sniping is where things really get in the groove. The zombies' jerky, rolling gait makes them ""just challenging enough"" to headshot, which creates a real sense of satisfaciton in marksmanship. A normal human tends to hold their head still, but the undead are much tougher to predict - and this makes even the basic enemies a real factor. Even if all you're facing are simple ""walkers,"" you have to think about what you're doing. Further, the way the common enemies synergize with the other zombie types provides lots of ways to get through an encounter. Sure, you could take out that suicide zombie at longer range...but he'll blow up when he dies, and look! There's a whole bunch of ""regulars"" all clustered together over there. If you time it just right, then -BOOM! :)Another excellent piece of design is how terrain and timing work together. Especially in the late game it becomes critical to have a feel for how fast the enemies move, how they tend to path to your position, and how to take shortcuts through the level. Your sense of all that is built incrementally throughout the game, with the end of the experience being a hard-but-fair final test.Of course, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the overall feel of the game world. Although it's all definitely gory and gruesome, there's a certain aspect to it all that I can only describe as being ""understated."" That's pretty ironic to say, especially with all the Doom-esque imagery you'll encounter. The best way I can put it is that, unlike lots of other titles, this game is its own setpiece. Yes, you get into big engagements with all kinds of chaos going on, but none of it seems gratuitous, contrived, or scripted. Everything in the world feels like it belongs there, and there's an excellent sense of mystery. Not everything is shown to you or explained, and it doesn't really have to be. There are little side-story vignettes that glue things together a bit as they ""trickle out"" in bits and pieces, and the developers tend to let your own imagination do most of the knife-twisting there.""Zombie Army Trilogy"" is a tour-de-force in how a few elements, each invididually polished and then carefully fit together, can create a long and saisfying experience that never tires the player. I think it says a lot that I consider this title a must-have, and I generally consider the whole ""zombie thing"" to be overdone and tired. The developers of this game have really hit a home run."
,Recommended,301640,17825804,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,KyleMcCloudSr,"Huh, this game is actually pretty fun.This is what Nazi Zombies should be like.Not much to say, basically Sniper Elite with zombies.Fun mechanics, SLOW ZOMBIES (THANK YOUUUUUU) - well except for the kamikaze zombies.10 exploding zombies heads out of 10."
,Recommended,301640,17869708,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Owlmonkey,Great game. buy it pl0x
76561197998465593,Recommended,301640,17871544,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Knockemstiff,Left4Dead meets COD:World at War Zombies?
76561198234426416,Recommended,301640,17895398,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Toxic Kate,Good game with exceptionall graphics and close up blood and gore. Single campaign mode allows the useer to experience real time close up and slow motion replay on sniper zombie kills.  Watching youre bullet fly through the air  in slow motion piercing through a zombie as the head explodes.I found the controlls could do with an extra jump controll and the introduction of a flame thrower and a chainsaw  as extra optional weapon's would be advantageouse also.lGood choice of game modes from multiplayer campaign modes to single mode. Playing against Hordes and choices of gaming diffuculty for the more experienced shaep shooter.This game is still gaining recogniton and popularity. Theire are curently times when you will find youreself unable to play  mutiplayer and be in the lobby waiting for online gamers.Cons:  Joining a hosted game can be frustrating as youre game  progress is in the hands of youre hosts.  Price is a little high. Uless you you were quick enough to get the discounted price
,Recommended,301640,17647293,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Яonin,Very fun and great graphics. Co-op works great. It puts CoD zombies to shame
,Recommended,301640,17865609,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Goatpod,"Expected a L4D clone but actually got something far more gritty and less arcade-like. Overall a good thing & good for a quick blast or more indepth play through. Get it, particularly if it's on the cheap."
,Recommended,301640,17571124,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Branulous,This game is awesome. So much better than the Call of Duty zombie expansions. Really teaches you the values of coordination and tactics with other people in multiplayer.
76561198014277703,Recommended,301640,17667726,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GentleCat Smokes Kills,Just Nazi Zombie Head Popper. Casual fun that focuses on testing your sniping skills. Enjoyable at $ 16.
76561198115937343,Recommended,301640,17667737,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Asus,I just bought this game and it keeps you on your toes.. it made me jump in one spot
76561197990875376,Recommended,301640,17688059,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Oddball21,this game is simple and fun. Graphics are actually not bad ( im on ultra everything ). I would pick this zombie game over COD zombies.
76561198064812108,Recommended,301640,17688378,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RolloTheViking,"Amazing game, So much fun and has an incredible story with a immersive atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone who loved COD Zombies and addicting shooters (make sure to find 3 friends to play with)."
76561197960270579,Recommended,301640,17688695,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mehow,Good zombie killing fun.
76561198159400199,Recommended,301640,17689129,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,KenG.,This game is EXTREMELY underrated and deserves a lot more attention.I have been looking for a game to play with friends and other people just for fun and this is the perfect game for it. Shooting zombies wave after wave while still having a semi-interesting campaign is a good game. I would definitely reccomend this game. I'm mainly a CSGO player but these is fun lmao get it with three or more of your friends and you'll be addicted.
76561197988977088,Recommended,301640,17689663,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Isaiahburd24,This game is Fun! If you like Left4Dead and shooting up Nazis you will love this. It can be very hard at times and when a horde is running at you its hard to hold it together. Lots of zombie types and head shots count! All my friends should get this while its on sell. Its a good time!
,Recommended,301640,17689851,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bodhi's Pool Repair,Enemy zombie SNIPERS. 5/10Enemy zombie snipers that LEAP FROM ONE BUILDING TO THE OTHER. 10/10 would recommend.What the F**** Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,301640,17689907,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT 2 HYPE,"What happens when you mix Call of Duty: World at War Zombies, Left 4 Dead & Sniper Elite into one substance? You get this.Great game, glad to have this in my collection."
76561198003232201,Recommended,301640,17690109,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Intergalactic Murder Monkey,"A little bit expensive, seeing as the first two chapters are essentially recycled assets from Sniper Elite, but for the amount of play time you get it's more or less justifiable.The last chapter is where this game really shines, but playing your way through to it can be a bit of a chore.  The first two chapters are highly repetative, mainly due to the samey environments, but the third makes up for this short coming with more exciting locales and greater challenges.The new character models are nice and all, but they're reletively pointless.  The only thing they change is the shape of the particular♥♥♥♥♥♥you'll be looking at for the next 10 hours.  The cutscenes are all the same regardless of who you choose and this can leave the animation looking a little janky in places.  Having a female character waddle along like a 200 pound russian man is somewhat comical the first couple of times you see it.The horde mode maps are creative and exciting, but I wish there were more of them.  For the price they're asking I would expect at least a few more.Having finished the single player campaign on the highest difficulty I can say that it left me with a sense of achievment, although I doubt I'll be coming back for more.  I may revisit horde mode on occasion, but with only a few maps and enemy types, I doubt it'll hold my attention for long."
76561197991452899,Recommended,301640,17690208,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,YGspider,Such a great game!
,Recommended,301640,17690261,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,PoKemoN,This game is awesome.Play this game. :)Zombie Army Trilogy is Rebelion's third attempt to make awesome zombie game. It includes full content of Nazi Zombies 1 and 2 (so there's no reason to buy those two anymore unless you want same thing that you get with this game will less gore and older graphics and engine).
,Recommended,301640,17692161,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Meh,GET REKT SUN
,Recommended,301640,17693186,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Squeaky,"This is my review for Nazi Zombie Army Trilogy HD remastered edition 3d oculus optimised 360 dropshot package!Fun game ,meh graphics cool slowmo fatalities straight from mortal kombat.Ridiculous horde mode <----------Singl PlayerIncredibly fun game, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about graphics when fighting hordes of zombies with a sniper,Turn up the zombie amount for mayhem , horde mode still ridiculous.Really good game CO-OP should get beware of the zombies with snipers who are more mlg than you. 1 issue with this game is the lack of gun difference I feel but its not a major issue as i just pick guns i like the look of."
,Recommended,301640,17694143,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,_NabZ_,This Game is awesome and i love it
,Recommended,301640,17714869,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Titus_Leon,"PROS-Amazing shooter-Great Graphics-Intense LevelsCONS-Not Reccomended for slow laptops-More Guns-Ability To Jump, only Vault is availableThis Game Is Amazing, Id reccomend For any FPS,Zombie,WW2,Sci-Fi Gamers"
,Not Recommended,301640,17715048,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sgt_Buds420,"Bought this THANKFULLY during a sale... I give this a 1 out of 5.. The ""sniper rifles"" are too weak.. I know the time is set in the past but damn.. i can hit them when they are 50 yards out. but if they get inside that range your boned... lame music... enough said. dont waist your time or money"
76561197985097062,Recommended,301640,17716822,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,talonofdiamond,"Oddly enough, I find this game ridiculously more satisfying than its less supernatural bretheren. Definitely enjoyed, but definitely a massively better ride with co-op."
76561198066971781,Recommended,301640,17718020,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,"Simple but polished fun.Zombie Army Trilogy has you fighting against wave after wave of undead nazi's in an alternate world war II time line where Hiter, facing defeat in his bunker, unleashes Plan Z which brings the dead to life.  Its the plot of a B-Movie but the game seems aware of this and presents its self as a cheesy Grind House Style horror story with dark shadows contrasted by neon lighting, a score straight out of somthing john carpenter would have done in the 80's and tons of blood.The game works off a formula similar to left 4 dead where you have different campains that each have you moving from safe room to safe room but here its done in 3rd person and uses shooting similar to sniper elite (right down to the slow motion x-ray deaths)  the zombies are also slower and tougher.  you need a head shot to bring them down quickly otherwise its going to take mulitpule shots and even then there is a big chace the zombie will resurect. so sniping and head shots are encouraged.Since the zombies move slower theres always a sense of building tenstion as dozens of the ♥♥♥♥ers shamble to your position and you'll end up missing more and more as they close in on you.  That combined with the excellent atmosphere really makes the game stand out despite being nothing more than go here shot zombies occasionally fight a boss zombie, rinse repeat.  Which is good because the story is bare bones and is mostly told through start of mission briefs or tape recordings that play in safe houses.The game is made for co-op but has a single player mode and the number of enemies scale depending on the number of players (you can even change the number for easier or harder play) and you can adjust the realism of the sniping.Took me 20 hours to beat all three campaigns and i had a lot of fun through out.  defantly worth the money."
76561198039642906,Recommended,301640,17718121,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,lstair,"Great game, $45 dollars for 3 games, two of which: Zombie army 1, and Zombie army 2 can be purchased on steam for 15 dollars if your only looking for one. But I highly recommend you buy this game now or if you don't want to drop $45, wait till this trilogy goes on sale in halloween.Why buy the trilogy? Horde mode, you get the third game. L4D characters from 1 and 2. A great multiplayer game with super satisfying snipers and gun play in general."
76561198103650955,Not Recommended,301640,17718604,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,trading defuse kit skins,"I'm not sure what to think of this game.It's fun and addicting, with good graphics and a really cool x-ray fatality.But the game suffers from seemingly major flaws. First of all, (and this is just a problem with all Sniper Elite games) the third person doesn't seem to match the rest of the game. Since it's literally called SNIPER Elite, you need to aim down scopes. Nearly all the main rifles have scopes of all kinds. It has to keep switching from first person to third.The zombies are very difficult to kill. Even with super strong guns, they take many shots to kill, unless you get a headshot. The types of zombies are very difficult and annoying, but that's just the game, so I'll excuse it. Well, I'll excuse most of the zombies, except for the Combat zombie thing. It takes what seems like hundreds of shots, and can kill you nearly instantly. It seems impossible to beat, and even after a few tries on the easist setting, it's very, very difficult. Maybe i'm just bad, but I'm sure others suffer from this.The guns aren't the best guns I've seen in a game. There's a good amount of them, but there's no stats given to them, so i have no idea what gun is better than others. You can't change your gun unless you find new ones, which is rare, and you don't find too many different ones. You can't test out each gun to see which one is better for the best experience, and if you change your gun, you probably won't get it back.The game has a few weird controls, but you can get used to them.The story and zombies don't vary at all. Pretty much the only objectives throughout the whole entire game are ""defend yourself"", ""clear the area"", ""find this, find that"", and is boring and doesn't progress.Almost all rifles have scopes and very small ammo clips. The SMGs are completely useless and barely do any damage, being absoltely useless. The shotgun isn't as strong as it used to be. The pistols are absolute crap, and only one or two can actually kill a zombie even with a headshot.Finally, the game seems a bit overpriced. Sure, it's $45 for three games, but the games take an hour and a half, 2 hours at the most, and the graphics are alright, but not great, considering it's 2015 and there are other games that have way better graphics.5/10 has a little bit of replayability"
76561197971207419,Recommended,301640,17719446,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,bobbysplode,"Bought this on a whim when it was on sale. I basically knew nothign about it and was expecting it to be and feel a lot campier. Instead what I got was a gritty, brutal game that's tougher than you'd think. Turns out, blasting the heads off of lurching zombies takes a bit of practice. I've defnitely had my share of oh sh*t moments.Granted, I've only played 2.3 hours as of this writing, but I'm thouroughly enjoying myself. I've read reviews that say the game can grow repetative. So far, so good.Should have bought a couple more for my friends while it was on sale."
76561198150958277,Recommended,301640,18794271,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,your fuhrer,this game is mlg.
,Recommended,301640,18806632,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kveldulf,It's fun shooting Nazi Zombies with friends. Especially with cool sniper bullet cam shots.
76561198263649680,Recommended,301640,30486533,Posted: 13 March,all,kneecapper,SNIPER ELITE + ZOMBIES + NAZIS= AWESOMENESS
,Recommended,301640,30482058,Posted: 12 March,all,Compulsively Kind Canadian,fun game but there is no one ever online
,Recommended,301640,14787376,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DoubleHappyRed!,"Too much praise for this, absolutely love it. Episodes 1&2 remastered and a kick♥♥♥♥♥♥3rd campaign that trumps the other 2. Horde mode is a plus- but I'd be more than satisfied playing through the episodes- it's not as fleshed out as it could be. The only big qualm I have with this are the glitches and bugs- too often have me and my team had to restart a checkpoint or altogether skip a chapter because a single enemy had glitched out or got clipped in a wall- Rebellion! Please bring out a patch!"
,Recommended,301640,14790079,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Les Grossman,"This is the definitive Nazi Zombie Army.  Better graphics, new mechanics and enemy types, new levels, new characters, and more importantly, an improved multiplayer mode, letting you play all the levels in whichever order you like.  Plus horde mode.  If you liked the Sniper Elite series, you are going toloveZombie Army Trilogy."
76561198061130777,Recommended,301640,14884331,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dodge Ram,"Nazi zombies have always been the same, but this game changes how we look at nazi zombies. With a creepy story line(that kind of make go to church and pray). And the Xray from Sniper Elite V2 with a few upgrades. This game is my favorite.Note: If you are tried of zombies. You can get bore really fast."
76561198000832018,Recommended,301640,14877108,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Phantom Burger,"Only on the first Campaign, and haven't even gotten to try out co-op or horde mode, and I'm arleady in love with this game. Not only are the sniping mechanics (a must in shooters for me) on point, but the graphics, the zombies, the weapons- they're all very well done. I like the dismemberment of zombies, beating skeletons down, the x-ray kill cam shots. I like how when I don't nail that head shot, a zombie might re-animate and come for me, and you gotta watch out for those crawlers.Sure, it borrows things from previous horror games, but all the best ones, and honestly.. this is my favorite zombie shooter so far. CoD, L4D and Rez Evil be damned. I love this game, and If a game can prove worth it in less than 4 hours of playing it, it deserves recomendation."
76561197973549228,Recommended,301640,14877114,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Cpt KILmore,"Just LOVE this game!  Bringing in the bullet time damage dynamics make for fine screen shots.....(hehehe) If you loved playing COD world at war zombie mode. Then this is your game!  To get the most out of this game though your system needs to be in SlI/x-fire mode or at least a GTX980 overclocked and cooled. A heavy strain will be put on your rig.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>LET THE BODIES PILE UP!!, LET THE BODIES PILE UP!!!>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>"
,Recommended,301640,14895303,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,crazycharlie55,"At last--closure to what became of Hitler after the horde broke in his bunker door. I already owned 1&2 and had to have 3. If it's possible to fall in love with a game, then this is one of them. The X-ray kill cam is so frickin' cool. Even better in SniperElite 2&3 (more colorful).  Recommend this game-??  Oh hell yeah.. Already told everyone I know that games.  Very cool game..."
76561198065899864,Recommended,301640,14982807,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Petermurzin,Cool game for cooperative playing...))thanks for that stuff ))
76561198096443966,Recommended,301640,15052144,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,smokezilla,need some DLC       maps  an   GUNZ
76561197996759674,Recommended,301640,15147179,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Baron de Merde [OFU],This game is like a huge meeting of business executives with a happy ending. 10/10 - would buy again.
76561198111587839,Recommended,301640,15134645,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gabbys 2,its like doom 3 in a sense only not on mars but in europe and with nazi zombies and skeletens in 3rd person very fun best part it has 1st NZA and NZA2 and the 3rd NZA has the xray kill cam my 1st was my bullet went throught a zombie testicules 10/10 best game ever!!!!
,Recommended,301640,15142544,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BEEEEEES,"3 co-op campaigns to play with your friends + horde mode. Me + 2 friends made it through the first campaign in probably 8 hours on Marksman difficulty (aka Normal).It's totally worth the price of admission, but there are some annoyances:Unreasonable inaccuracy on secondary weapons and pistols. Even firing one round at a time while aiming, non-rifles are crazy inaccurate and it feels weird and artificial. You can't accurately headshot something 2 meters away with an SMG while standing perfectly still, aiming, and firing only one bullet.1 friend crashed out a few times in ~8 hours, though the rest of us had no issues.I wish you could see stats for weapons / explosives. I can't tell much difference between any weapons besides mag-size and firing speed."
76561197961415833,Recommended,301640,15298507,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Stratowich,One of the most entertaining games ever.  Wow!
,Recommended,301640,15301917,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SkinnyJeanes,"If you enjoy Sniper Elite's gameplay and are looking to shoot a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of zombies I definitely recomend this game. It's more fun with friends but you can definitely play it by yourself if you really want.Atmoshperically very similar to COD's Nazi Zombies, a little silly, and very gory.Graphically solid, not the prettiest thing ever but still looks good, and ran well for me at 60fps on my modest rig.Ran into some connection issues in co-op but they were infrequent and may not be the game's fault anyway.**DO NOT buy the previous versions of Nazi Zombie Army, they are all playable within this game.Notes for players of the previous NZA games, curious on changes:Everything runs better (full disclosure I just upgraded my PC so that may color my perception of performance)There are 4 new character options, bringing the total to 8: 4 men and 4 women.Characters now have bios which is interesting, if utterly irrelevant.KICK EVERYTHING, kicking got buffed and it's a life-saver.The webley and shotgun are now available from the weapon selection screen.The new chapters have friendly NPCs occasionally.The new chapters also have new enemy types which can really change things up."
76561198078125721,Recommended,301640,14764428,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,whatsupgman,"Incredible, if you’re a fan of the series you are going to absolutely love this game!!!  If you love zombie horror movies you are going to absolutely love this game!!!  If you love the TV series The Walking Dead, you guessed it, you are going to absolutely love this game!!!  As a matter of fact, no matter what, you are going to absolutely love this game!!!GTX 960 1920 by 1080 Ultra:)"
,Recommended,301640,14764617,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Supreme Leader,"Rebellion's offering of Nazi Zombie killing is an immensely satisfying experience that will bring much pleasure to any fan of the undead.The campaign has 15 missions split up into 3 Chapters with the first two being NZA 1 & 2 respectively. The first two chapters have been updated with better graphics. Playing them is fun even though they show their age. The third chapter is the main attraction of the package and is the best of the 3.The gore has been fantasticly done and is very enjoyable blowing bits off zombies, especially blowing a zombie in half which I found highly entertaining. X-Ray killcam is as good as ever and adds to the feel that you're actually shooting them.Gameplay is a mixture from Sniper Elite V2, 3 and both the NZA games. One thing I noticed was that the SMG's feel less powerful, taking me at least two shots to blow off a zombies head compared to one shot from the previous games often resulting in having to resort to the shotgun for a decent chance of survival. Bit of a shame in my eyes as I really enjoyed using SMG's in the aforementioned NZA games. What is a shame is that the cover system has been completley removed which leaves you vunerable to snipers and super elites, but is slightly lessened by the stomp feature which will certainly save your hide!Hoard mode is a complete blast, highly enjoyable and better when played with friends. Similar to COD's zombie mode with the exception of being more of a challenge rather than just a simple run and gun. A very welcome addition that will provide much entertainment.The enemies are what I personally feel make this game. The snipers add the challenge of getting them while trying to deal with the other undead. The elites are more dangerous being able to tear apart your team in seconds if not careful, more so with the Chainsaw Elite which proves a challenge and requires thought before taking him on. Skeletons compliment the bog standard zombies being very easy to deal with (a swift kick deals with them!)In summary, is this game worth it? Hell yes! The experience is better in co-op than solo. Generally a well rounded package that will provide hours of fun. Kudos to Rebellion for their efforts in producing this game."
76561198079553247,Recommended,301640,14766082,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Neptune Vasilias,"As good as I remember from the first two, if not better. The same, good old zombie killing mayhem that is Nazi Zombie Army. I love it! I've only recorded the first level of my playthrough so far but I can't get wait to get further into the game and meet the new zombies and play the new levels.For those interested in the playthrough, here's a link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXNmh0sUdGkAs for pros and cons, well... The only problem I can see is the button changes from the original two. I nearly died from the zombies getting too close because I thought the controls were the same :P definitely worth buying if you bought the original two games"
,Recommended,301640,17687021,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,[Ghøst] Seth,BOOM! Headshot!
76561198151693099,Recommended,301640,17687772,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Mr.Meeseeks,great game its so addicting i personally like horde mode more than campaign but campaign is also VERY fun and can get challenging at points i have only played a few missions in campaign though but ive played mostly horde mode and think of that as like call of duty zombies without buying things
76561198061255141,Recommended,301640,17687845,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,shadowforce62,"I waisted my money buying call of duty for the zombies campaign this trifels it, no questions asked."
,Recommended,301640,17652877,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ben Garrison,decent game
76561198040889480,Recommended,301640,17654097,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BigPoppaFitz,I instantly fell in love with this game. I was already a huge fan of the Sniper Elite franchise and COD (only a few from the francise) but this is just what a zombie lover needs. It combines the smooth and fast paced chaos of Sniper Elite with the excellent story telling on the zombie end from let's say the COD WaW zombie mode. I've only played it briefly but I'm about to go ape♥♥♥♥♥♥and play it like crazy lol.
76561198114717248,Recommended,301640,17655075,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,cookie monster,omg
76561198045285245,Recommended,301640,17655893,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ellipse,"I don't usually play these sorts of games so take my word as that of a novice. Controls are rather tight, hit boxs for melee are a little wonky, sniping is rad af. A fair number of characters, and enemies, though the enemies, at least for the first three areas, aren't all that fancy. Haven't played enough of it to judge the game wholly, however, so far, it's pretty fun solo, might be better with friends, but who the hell needs those?"
76561197960464598,Recommended,301640,14854372,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pathology,I love exploding zombie heads and world war 2. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,301640,14841979,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Pandor Snow,The Only Game where you can toss Hitler Into hell literally10/10
,Recommended,301640,14844772,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,__redruM,"Really good zombie game, includes the first two games and a third installment.  The final installment looks great and has a really dark and evil feel missing from most zombie games."
,Recommended,301640,14768339,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,SquatCobbler81,"Great game (about 2 hours in so far). Improved graphics, level design, physics, and gameplay. I also like the UI touch ups as well as better gun descriptions."
,Recommended,301640,14846890,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Fresh Prince of Fel Air,"TL;DR Version: It's a fun game, but waiting for a sale wouldn't hurt.I like to think of Zombie Army Trilogy as an arcade-style game. It's fun to sink time into, but don't expect innovation or reinvention here. With that said, though, I do think it's a game worth picking up if you like these kind of games or are even curious as to how the game is.I didn't have any performance issues like other reviewers did, so I can't complain there. But, the graphics are pretty much the same as the other Zombie Army games. Though, what good are graphics if the game isn't good?As a game, it's a fun experience that is even better when played with friends. Going back to the arcade comparison, you are scored at the end of each mission. You can rack up points by slaying the undead in various ways. You can also find collectible gold bars and bottles for your end-mission results. The simplistic yet fun gameplay, and the pre-game loadout screen make getting such scores even more fun.One thing I personally wasn't sure of was the soundtrack. I don't know what exactly, but some sound queues and songs just didn't seem to fit in with the game. Just a personal grievence, though.If you plan on buying this game, it would not hurt to wait for it to go on sale.Like I said, the game has this charming arcade feel that I love, but that could be an aquired taste. I'd say if your interested in this game, pick it up (or wait 'til it goes on sale), grab some friends, and have a good time.10/10 would MLG collateral headshot 4 zombies again."
,Recommended,301640,14847446,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Blak Knigt9,sick game!
76561198025933688,Recommended,301640,14825454,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Brodolf Hitler,"I have a very high end PC and for some reason this game makes my whole PC crash sometimes, but other than that I love it."
76561197991754329,Recommended,301640,14816550,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tenacious D,"On the positive side I can say that the game combines all NZA-Games into one, is overhauled in both graphics and performance, contains both new playable characters and new (tougher) enemies and is (for now*) uncensored.On the negative side the weapons are a tad underpowered. Even over short distances the bullets drop massively and the combo system makes SMG's redundant as even one missed bullet resets the counter to zero. Guns sometimes fire off-center of the crosshair.The game utilises an SEv2 style killcam rather than SE3's with in my  opinion is a step back and it has it's issues with steam-overlay."
76561198086496329,Recommended,301640,14817277,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,luigirocks10,"i own NZA 2 and i have about 80 hours on it, loved every second of it. However, this 3rd installment is great, but really wish they didn't change some things. The bolt action snipers in this game, under the highest difficulty, reload one at a time, in the second one it didnt do that, and its just very inconvenient especially in an online match, just takes too long to reload.overall the game is great, but its just the small things that dont let me completely enjoy it8.5/10"
76561198021495613,Recommended,301640,14859292,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TheRageDragon,"A zombie apocalypse survival training simulator. Just hope the friends you choose to fight at your side know how to pull a trigger, hit a zombie in the face, and not leave your butt behind when your down. Here and real life ;)"
76561198177840082,Recommended,301640,14861051,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,HyperX Alpha,THIS IS A SIMPLE REVIEW ITS FREAKING BAD♥♥♥♥♥GO GET IT NOW
76561198056381396,Recommended,301640,14862416,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ace of Aces,"When i first heard that Rebellion was releasing the third game in a pack with the first two but not on its own, i was extremely disappointed. Though when i saw that if you had one or both of the previous games the price was reduced by a third or two, which went to lengths to sate that disappointment. Then i was worried about the gameplay. I play on a laptop that was very far from being made for gaming and the first two games ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. I loved the first two i just wish there had been better gameplay quality. I started up the first game in the pack and was immediately shocked as to how much better it ran! Not only that, but there was far more zombie variety! There are few things in these games that i thought could be improved, and this is definitely an improvement on all fronts.Gameplay: 27/30Graphics: 7/10Replay Value: 6/10Zombie Killing Fun: 50/50Overall: 90/100"
76561198080000255,Recommended,301640,14862856,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wr3Ck3d,10/10 got zombies
76561197984615881,Recommended,301640,14863451,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,hawkulous,I love this game soo much ! It is the Army of Darkness of video games. 10/10.
76561198060400359,Recommended,301640,14913520,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Day Man!,Cant beat the price and is such a fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,301640,14913612,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,6KNI6HT6,"Imma thumbs up so far.  Horde mode is cool.  pretty great content for the price.  Wish there was more weapon choices or boxes of randoms like CoD, but I get it too.  Its fun and takes skill."
76561198105398824,Recommended,301640,14898464,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,tankprohp,"Great game Must buy if u love sinper elite, need friends thou. makes the game better"
76561197988110392,Recommended,301640,14945560,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nikorasu Buraun,11/10 just for killing Hitler !
76561198016404756,Recommended,301640,14946292,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sachs3,Would Recommend! :D
,Recommended,301640,14774557,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,weishangjun,"This game is pretty good,best optimization of all series,the difficulty is increased,body dismemberment is fantastic.Both performance and graphic effects are lovely.I hope every one who plays sniper elite buy it quickly and enjoy it."
,Recommended,301640,20380662,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,A Bathing Ape,"Nazi zombies, you can't really ask for much more.Gameplay is brilliant, game looks nice and the community aren't c*cks."
,Recommended,301640,20393132,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Tzultan,Zombies and Nazis Greater Plater'd into a fine paste all over your face.
76561198150248222,Not Recommended,301640,20332902,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pickle Rick!,"Buy if on sale.3hrs in the game, solo mode is just mindless shooting, 1 type of zombie that barely moves, 2nd (sniper and elite) 2HS and it's down. The first ''Boss"" if you are not blind takes 4min to kill.Fun with friends thou!Worth buying if on sale, not worth the full price!I mean even Left for Dead 2, had some kind of missions in it and more zombie types, as I said solo this is just mindless reflex training. Co-op with friends is fun, yes."
,Recommended,301640,20318441,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,why are you running,2spoops4me
76561198145959822,Recommended,301640,20240955,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Papyrus,Nyeh heh heh heh!
,Recommended,301640,20238300,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PurpDrDerp,A great game!
,Not Recommended,301640,20340463,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,iVo^,Not very fun. You will be bored quickly. Thank god for Steam refunds.
76561198018462343,Recommended,301640,20340800,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Walla Walla,"The game is alright.. I bought the 4Pack during the sale, sent the 3 gifts to my friends.  I have yet to play with them, however, I have played a couple games through the quick match in horde mode.  I have found the games to be rather laggy, and I am not one to lag while playing online games (host/matchmaking issue). Aside from that, the game looks cool and is pretty easy to master.  I like the slo-mo bullet cam after a head shot in solo mode, but it gets old when you're popping heads left and right.  Good game to practice your zombie killing skillz!6/10"
,Recommended,301640,20368466,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TapSomeBong,I love shooting  multiple zombies in the head.
,Recommended,301640,20438519,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Butters,"Incredibly fun. Coop is great, and you can continue to have fun playing through the campaign even the 3rd time around. Highly recommend."
76561198028750871,Recommended,301640,20432475,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Iceweazel,"So IF you can get this on sale it's a fabulous co-op zombie shooter.  Don't pay full price.Pros:-based on Sniper Elite v2 (hands down the best of the trilogy, no questions asked) so stable, fluid, decent but not awesome looking and easy to play and get used to.-re-uses the maps from v2 on. is that a con? *shrug* if you know them you'll recognize them anyway.-good co-op-good balance on the mid-difficulty.  Careful turning it up all the way. ;)-decent balistics on high (not awesome but good)-good weapon and unit balance.  Not every unit is EASY to kill with all weapons, some die easier to different things.Try all 3 types out to see what is best-good mix of various forms of each weapon.  just like in v2 each has strengths/weaknesses. None of my friends use the same layout so to each their own.-sounds spooky.  Has some good jump-scare moments every once in a while-longish campaign for the trilogy which is nice for a co-op game-if you are a Left4Dead addict the new toons can be cute, but as they don't say anything, it's pointless.Cons:-price.  Just plain seems overpriced. It's basically 3 DLCs in one for a AAA price. Get it on sale.-not long enough body meltdown/evaporate timers. In single player this can be managable. In MP it can end up with several people out of ammo constantly.  This needs adjusted.-no binoculars so you cannot mark targets. very sad.-uses the Sniper Elite v2 engine so it's not top of the line graphics-X-ray cam is way way overused.  Even on minimal if you've played Sniper Elite 2 or 3 you're going to get X-ray cam darn near every shot-characters don't have any dialogue even compared to SE2/3. They are just dumb avatars.If you have a couple of buddies to play with this can be a super fun alternative to other games.  Best on a dark and stormy night with lightning hammering down. ;)What could make this better?-ability to make the body evaporation timer longer. Too damn hard in MP to have enough ammo even with experienced players.-binoculars and marking just like SE2/3-banter-more maps or a way to use Steam Workshop to create more?  With User-created content this game would be fricking amazing instead of just great.-even more gun variety (from SE3?)-more game modes?  Add the heavy units from SE2?  Zombies in tanks and trucks!"
76561198074352335,Recommended,301640,20429226,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JP,On
76561198121190440,Recommended,301640,17183912,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Agent_Fox,"The game is very fun with 4 of your friends and it has it moments. You are constantly being surrounded by demonic, sick, and twisted things that make the game feel like a good ol' fashioned Nazi zombie game. However, the game gets very repetitive and it often feels like it's being dragged out. This game focuses on quantity, not quality, so you'll often find flaws like the never ending music loop when fighting a huge wave of zombies or when you and you're 3 other comrades are crammed on a tiny staircase. All in all, I would definately recommend this game if you like popping off Nazi zombie heads with 3 of your buddies."
76561198023346614,Recommended,301640,18147383,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,echo08,It's total trigger time!
76561197995495959,Recommended,301640,18108880,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,awjbradley,Good game. A Lot of fun with the Left 4 Dead characters in it.
,Recommended,301640,18106878,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Windhund,"It's Sniper Elite V2 meets Left 4 Dead. It's exactly that. Safe rooms, episodic co-op play, rescuing downed friends... you can even play the L4D characters.The major gameplay differences from L4D are the characters don't talk (I was really hoping to hear Francis say he hates Nazis), it's 3rd person view, and you have to aim for the head. Compared to Sniper Elite the sniping mechanics are much more forgiving.If that seems appealing to you, buy it."
,Recommended,301640,15586735,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"This is an amzing game, buy this and have your friends buy it because playing this with friends is amazing!"
76561198042911524,Recommended,301640,14836582,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Grimgori,"This game is for those who love zombie horror and being a sniper, also this game is very difficult alone but its still fun, but i recomend co-op for all those who have friends who play this.Remember: AIM FOR THE HEAD!!or balls, either way its fun with the x-ray shot :D"
,Recommended,301640,14837218,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,lifelesslump,"I really did enjoy the first 2, but I did not find myself going out of my way to play them, until now, This game has gorefully remastered those games. and adds on a third! Of course the premise is a bit silly, but the premise for L4D2 is too. basically it is just a ton of fun. No real story but you don't hear me complaining! No you will hear me saying Things from Time splitters like ""lobotomy"", or Duke Nukem ""suck it down"".  even a little Gears of war, ""Eat sh** and die!"". Usually I don't care what political affiliation zombies are, you just kill and don't ask questions. But They are Nazi's, so go shoot some Nazi zombies!"
76561198006885627,Recommended,301640,14995291,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Sargeist,"Game looks and play amazing.  Plus the storyline is excellent, right up there with the likes of Wolfenstein."
,Recommended,301640,15243709,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[M]erc,"You can't go wrong with Zombie Army Trilogy if you are a seasoned Sniper Elite veteran or new to the series. If you haven't played the first two Nazi Zombie Army games, don't bother, just play this version instead. The original two games are included, with some nice improvements. But if you have already played them, this is still worth picking up as you'll get improved versions of the first two, the 3rd installment, and the new horde mode.The game works fine as a single-player experience, but it really shines in co-op. My friends and I have played the first two and jumped on this new release. Take that into consideration though when purchasing and consider talking some friends into attacking the undead hordes with you. It definitely gets grindy if you are looking to 100% the achievements, but is still a fun co-op experience."
76561198152650363,Recommended,301640,15573296,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ferfighter,Fun 3rd person shooter. Best if done with friends. THe sniping features make it so addictive.
,Recommended,301640,23917438,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Twink E.,all i can say is metal as ♥♥♥♥ 5/5
,Recommended,301640,23918291,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rolinos,Zombie shootin
76561198038677251,Recommended,301640,23910436,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,NaZQ8,zombies + snipers + 4 coop + slowmo headshots + horde mode = 10/10
,Recommended,301640,23910751,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,⁴⁷Joey Bada$$⁴⁷|AABA,"For those who love zombie's, it's good."
76561197970502514,Recommended,301640,23911394,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Day_of_Reconing,Excellent game.  Great replayability.  Coop with friends is fun and challenging.  Just the right mixture of fun and difficulty.
,Recommended,301640,23798707,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Caljb03,"This is a brilliant game that is only £5.99 on the steam summer sale, i found it very fun but really hardI played it on Marksman difficulty (Medium) and found myself getting murdered be sniper elites 24/7It is still a really good game, including every mission from the originals.I need to play the horde mode though and i think i will enjoy it.over all i give it a 8/10 headshots out of 10i would reccomend this game to anyone intrested in a zombie sniper, people who like zombie games and people who like sniper games."
,Recommended,301640,23008363,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,iKnow_Karate,Bought this game for 5$ when it was on sale.This Game is more of a multiplayer game rather than a solo game. It's much more fun when you play with friends especially in Horde mode. Story is fun too but i'd say i enjoyed Horde mode more .  Overall...it's pretty good Nazi Zombies alternative.
76561198121139469,Recommended,301640,23115353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,lightdarkunknown,Left 4 Dead with Sniper Elite gives out a completely new gameplay of shooter that utilize WW2 guns to shoot zombies (mostly headshots n exploding kills). The game really great for anyone interested in third person shooter and sniping.The only thing is dislike about the game is the lack of players to coop when needed. Absent of custom campaign and the ability to create one are ruining the replayability for this game as there are only few stages in game. Hopefully this can change in the future.
,Recommended,301640,23106170,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,rodeagle,"Love this game, not so fun alone but good when your bored, but playing with friends is a blast."
76561198161469456,Recommended,301640,17871126,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Vrka,"I live in North America and the player base is so low, right now there are 400 players, and I've never seen it go up 1k,(you are going to have a hard time if you want to play a specific level) way older games on my library have much more ingame players like borderlands and fallout 3, and of course left 4 dead 2 which is the most similar, The gameplay is ok, not ouststanding, overall the game is fun, but unless you have friends to play with, you will struggle on quick match or have to go solo, I do recommend buying this on sale, cause that balls shot cam is worth it (Y)"
,Recommended,301640,22994530,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,cringelord67,"Decent co-op game, the only thing that irritates me personally are the hitboxes and the FPS lag.  Otherwise, this is quite a fun game that allows you to do some teamwork and gun zombies down.Different zombie types keep the levels challenging, like the big hulking machine-gunners and chainsawers to the annoying long-ranged Snipers that fly around in the skies.The campaign is enjoyable with friends.  Random people, not so much as you will die frequently.7.8/10"
76561197970179466,Recommended,301640,22985135,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dodge_This,For people who love Sniper games Zombie Army Trilogy (ZAT) is an all you can eat open buffet.Game is repetative but still love trying out new guns and the sniping gameplay never gets old. Definately a buy at discounted pricing. The levels are gorgeously darkly designed - but graphics might not be as good as Crysis (none are).Game loads fast too for me as compared to other games which is a big plus.Great buy when in discount.
76561198300849470,Recommended,301640,22977340,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hentai clickbait GOD,Next best selling game next to cod and battle filed i would reccomend. the fourth one is comming out soon. since sniper elite four is commming out
76561198169944090,Recommended,301640,23026147,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Palpatine-Stalin,This game is pretty much Left 4 Dead 2 on steroids. Fun game though would highly recommend it if you enjoyed Left 4 Dead 2
,Recommended,301640,23040455,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr. Grimad,"Getting headshots is so satisfying. I like it.If you're ever going to buy this game, make sure you play in Coop as playing in solo gets boring really fast.I like the Bullet Cams though."
76561198032016934,Recommended,301640,23024866,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jonny,"Great Game.. Sometimes tho it wont load up. it only happens once every 10 plays.. but who knows, might be my pc lol.. Still very fun to play !"
76561197991724231,Recommended,301640,23032143,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,brainfuzz666,pretty solid shooter. love the slowmo bullet flying at them and ripping through them and various body parts on occasion
76561198043742579,Recommended,301640,23031379,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Metal_Head,"This game is fantastic! I've only played the first three levels of Chapter 1 but so far amazing!-The mood is great.-I really enjoy the long levels, each one takes me about an hour and gets a bit longer with each level after.-Combat and shooting is awesome with a great variety of weapons from WWII.-Story is a bit entertaining.-The levels are really cool and well made.-I got scarred a couple times when the zombies horde up right in front of me and i'm low on ammo...-or when they jump out in front of you.-I feel like I'm playing through a really intense book or movie. The action shots are a very nice touch."
,Recommended,301640,22972807,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Rem,I like the graphics and gameplay and the characters. I would highly recommend this game for zombie lovers though there are a few recommendation I would like to mention:1. Making a list of on-going campaign so we won't just end up randomly in any chapter.2. Add more guns and zombies.3. Make this game more affordable to have more players.
,Recommended,301640,22994010,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,kdsing2,worth the money when it's on sale.  Fun with friends or online.. Not so fun alone..  But overall a fun game.. Kinda wish it was a FPS and not third person.
76561198097532672,Recommended,301640,16405672,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[HaS]Drunkenjedi,"For the past few years, zombie movies and games have exploded into almost tastless "" hey lets make a zombie game but not put any effort into it"" kind of deal. not this. EVERYTHING about this game is awesome, graphics, gameplay, the sounds. done brilliantly."
76561197992534286,Recommended,301640,16423331,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Johnabie,"Killing Nazi Zombies, What else is there to say. 9.5/10"
76561198059232168,Recommended,301640,16258923,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jobione,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a major upgrade when dealing with the zombie onslaughts, with a matrix-styled slow motion, you can really get a deep satisfaction from a headshot. Granted the visuals are outstanding and I can not wait until my friends join me seeing that while enjoying a game solo is made so much better when it is a shared experience.The game gives you a wide variety of weapons to use against the zombies and of course like in shaun of the dead you can melee by kicking the snot of them.  It would be great if the score was displayed so that bragging rights to the most kills would be easily shown but in my experience playing the campaign so far upon death is when you see how many you kill. You may be surprised at how bloodthirsty you get whilst playing this game!What are waiting for? Get this game and hunt some zombies"
,Recommended,301640,16313714,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,StoneD0G,"Looking for that awesome Coop game to play with your friends? Look no further, this is hands down the best zombie coop game i've played. All three episodes are about 5 hours each (Not counting the collectibles) giving you and your buddies 15 hours of pure joy. Had the first two before i got this and had no problem at all replaying the first two.This felt like and end to the series but i really hope the developer continue making zombie coop games."
76561197992553676,Recommended,301640,14766514,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HardeKern,"This game is a Zombie army 1 and 2, and the end storyline. Well i got 1 and 2.. and not completed yet, but this missions has the same missions, it would complete and make te story clear,With some new weapons and gamemodes its still Zombie army. U feel this is Zombie Army/Sniper Elite.I Recommend this game absolutly,only one thing is. If u bought 1 and 2, this game has 1 and 2. so u got 2 zombie army 1 and 2.After that. I like this game so much, Co-op makes it better. More people more fun. If u doing solo it's even Fun."
76561198174000007,Recommended,301640,14767875,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Avenger_of_Blood,Tons of Fun!!!!! First time ever playing a Sniper elite game and im glad I got to expierience it with Zombie Army Trilogy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,14768296,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,"A great coop expirience, with a great plot and even better satanic props to LoL about, not legendary, tho it earned its place as one of my favorites.9/10"
76561198083774540,Recommended,301640,14768704,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,dead_2_rites,"Get this game now. It has taken a great recipe and perfected it. I got the loyalty discount having already owned 1&2 so that was just icing on the cake. It has been improved in every way possible, better graphics, more gore, more content, more gore, more characters (including 4 ladies for the first time in the series), more zombies and finally more gore all in one convenient package. My best moment so far is a quadruple headshot, yeah that's right, four for one. Look forward to many happy hours of mayhem."
76561198092829352,Recommended,301640,14769972,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dablife,"Fun game, good graphics, third person zombie killing, snipers, assault rifles, pistols, and grenades... And demons. Lots of Demons. 11/10"
76561197970340393,Recommended,301640,14803056,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,topsquid,"Its enjoyable and disturbing at the same time.  Hitler, nazis, zombies.  I feel like I shouldnt be playing this ""game.""  It's starting to give me the creeps."
,Recommended,301640,14803733,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Y0kster,im cool but good game yo
,Recommended,301640,14805582,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,childish,gud zombies 8/1
76561198181245650,Recommended,301640,25777992,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Colbex-The-Penguin,Best zombie game that you can find :3
,Recommended,301640,25899513,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Darkness Dragon Slayer Mage,This is better then Call of Duty Zombie :)
76561198036194454,Recommended,301640,25804640,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sal,"Very fun Game, Great for 4 friends always a great time killling zombies"
76561198051345573,Recommended,301640,25810889,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Tactical Exorcist,"Good shooting? Check.Lotsa zombies to shoot? Check.Strange 'mutations' via Nazi practice of black magic? Check.Nonsensical developments specifically for the formation of an undead army? Check.Lotsa guns to kill, maim, and slaughter with? Double check.Large roster of characters to use? Check, and some just for fun.The whole daggum series all at once?  Check, tho getting it on sale is a must, if ur on a budget.All in all, while I can understand why some might criticize the save mechanic (kinda choosy on single player, and a real blow to the feels/sanity if you DC in multiplayer), it's still a fun zombie shooter, hearkening back to the days when black magic was the go-to method of raising the dead, and body shots /could/ kill them...for a while.Just make sure you play w/ friends.  Random multiplayer doesn't happen anymore."
,Recommended,301640,26159351,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,✠Baron✠,"Good zombie game, not bad.....can't say it' innovative but it worth the money.vote:  8/10"
76561197977744657,Recommended,301640,25985997,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MagicSquid,I don't know why I haven't heard more about these games. They're great co-op zombie blasting WWII action!
,Recommended,301640,25944275,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mirage,"Zombies. Zombie snipers. Big zombies with bigass guns. Zombie hordes. Co-op zombie slaughter.Someone told me there was a story too, but just kill the zombies and when there's a cut scene, just smile and nod."
76561197973952720,Recommended,301640,26067793,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Interface35,"Kind of reminds me of one of my favorite games, left for dead. Basicaly a third person harder version. Online was very enjoyable. Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,301640,26403571,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lp,Love the kill cam xray shots!
76561198039214201,Recommended,301640,27163347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ワンパンマン chyuan`,Brainless Shooting Fun with Friends!
76561198008546342,Recommended,301640,27248609,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TechnoOwl,Want to shout over your friends of incoming danger? Want to run in despair as you are the last man standing? Want to accidentaly blow up your friends among hundreds of undead? Want to get that crispy headshot that makes your friends question your gender? This is the game for you. Not family friendly
76561198283639619,Recommended,301640,27267959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thegamehunter123,Great game to play with your friends
76561198095414991,Recommended,301640,27056093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ExplosiveToast,This game is great for seeing the epic slow-motion bullets scattering the bodys of zombies
76561197962161374,Recommended,301640,27064315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tedwwweb,I'm having tons of gun with this game.  It's the best zombie shooter I've tried.
,Recommended,301640,27096308,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valeriu,good game
76561197970365563,Recommended,301640,27212072,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joker,Nazi's and zombies what more needs to be said.
,Recommended,301640,27349201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LunaticNeko,"I'm just saying that, instead of Zombie Mode for Sniper Elite, this one decided to spin out into its own game and did it wonderfully. Despite not being a minigame, I will still give this one the nomination for Game within a Game award.Apart from everything else, this game rocks."
76561198103047064,Recommended,301640,27357740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Dr. Professor Wheeler,I need my friends to play with me because I'm not 1337 enough and I just can't git gud.
76561198029736322,Recommended,301640,27348073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fatroy97,"Nothing beats sniping Nazis...except sniping Nazi Zombies.If you're looking for a  sniping game that is challenging, but also a lot of fun, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,301640,27286431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ADAMITO1234,Best zombie game ever!
,Recommended,301640,27056622,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unproductive,"Awesome game to play with or without friends, love the feeling and setting of the game"
76561198026562764,Recommended,301640,26998782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jbyers1238,Love this game!!! Lots of zombie action!!!
76561198037138219,Recommended,301640,26454555,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Royse89_FT,"Highly enjoyable coop experience if you have skilled and focused friends to play with. Story isn't much, but that's really not the reason why you will be playing Nazi Zombie Army. It's the gameplay that gets you all hooked up. Gameplay and... quite frankly, atmosphere.Gameplay:Whether 2, 3 or 4-player co-op, game is FUN. Popping one zombie skull after another with a perfect aim is nothing short of amazing. All sniper rifles are loud, heavy, beautiful and boy do they pack a punch! You will want to use these as your primary weapon since they have the highest ammo count and are the most accurate firearms in the whole game. In long-to-mid range these little babies are going to save your♥♥♥♥♥big time. Go for the headshots for maximum effect and GOD-syndromeGraphics:They are polished, good-looking. Graphics will not blow your mind away but they hold their own. The use of lights and shadows is especially well-done.Zombies:Undead are varied, produce solid amount of noise and stench and on some occasions can give you a hard time. Team play in these moments is more important than ever. Cooperate!Overall it's a great coop franchise which will provide you with tens of hours of unrefined coop fun in zombie-nazi Germany. Better get it on sale, but honestly - it's worth the full price."
76561198211451276,Recommended,301640,26471429,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CATZILLER,great game if you like zombies
76561198109309211,Recommended,301640,26404478,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lt. Kaule,"If you enjoy co-op action with your buddies, this is THE game!"
,Recommended,301640,26358893,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Vepa,"Truly amazing level design, fun variaty of enemies and cool soundtracks. Game looks fantastic and very well designed overall, if you enjoy sniping zombies and who doesn't you will like this one very much."
76561198071244669,Recommended,301640,26367203,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hero of Coffee,got 4 copies for $25 what's not to love
76561198094507916,Recommended,301640,26434737,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ravenshoe99,"Fantastic game!  Challenging too, especially in the third chapter.  I highly recommend this game.It does, however, have a tendency to crash.  In my experience this is how I resolved it.  I put my screen resolution down a couple of notches, and I also set the game to run in Administrator mode as well as Windows 7 compatibility mode on my Windows 10 PC.  The game runs very well.  It still crashes on occasion but no where near the same frequency."
76561198189845981,Recommended,301640,26447945,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Yerba Mate,world war 2 zombies. What else is there to say to make you buy it? Oh also there is these sick slo-mo kills. Just buy it.
,Recommended,301640,26375502,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,@filandrico,"Just clear this game. One of the hardest ZOMBIE GAMES in my life. If you're looking for zombie that easy to kill like in L4D2 one, you better not be playing this game. Game is pretty enjoyable with friends, though i don't know about playing solo cause i always playing with my friend."
,Recommended,301640,26426683,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sub_Zero,You get to kill zombie Hitler and his entire fleet of nazi zombies... 10/10 ~Ign
,Recommended,301640,26428954,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,♠ Stale ♠,11/10 would stand my ground again
,Recommended,301640,26343176,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spooktuckcasper,"An amazing game to play with friends, not so much by yourself.If you have someone to play it with, definently worth grabbing."
76561198159953758,Recommended,301640,26349946,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,God Emperor Vladimir,Amazing game but have some truble with frame rate.
76561198252525972,Recommended,301640,26610521,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Naked Pingu,"Don't Let The Price Of This Game Fool You, It Has Pretty Amazing Graphics For What You Expect, It Has A Wide Range Off WW2 Weapons And Awesome Characters. The Campaign Is Pretty Solid So Far. But I Got It On Sale For $10 You Might Be Able To Snatch It For A Good Price At Christmas"
,Recommended,301640,26652185,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,escade,"Ain't nobody playing this ♥♥♥♥in game. ""Searching for 3 players..2...1..couldn't find any suitable game but your lobby will still be visible"" Like come on man I want more players on this this game. It's NOT worth 42€ I bought it when it was on price off and I'd recommend you the same. It's basically a mix of L4D2 and any random sniper game. Nothing new and innovaite so buy this game when it's on price off so I can finally find some people in the ♥♥♥♥in lobby, L4D2 is so ♥♥♥♥ing old and I always find people to play with but here??  It's hard...please buy this  game when it's on sale, it's pretty fun. Not as  good as L4d2 but a worthy copy of the game with snipes."
76561198000782452,Recommended,301640,26618157,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,feesees4gzus,"Simply put, this is a horror movie fan's wet dream. A John Carpenter-esque soundtrack with parts that look specifically designed to match scenes from ""The Fog"" (1980), this game will be a pleasure to look at and play for any fan of 80's horror. Rebellion hit a homerun on atmosphere with this game, and it's genuinely frightening when you're getting overrun by nazi zombies. The Super Elite zombies—the dreaded big walking zombies with MG42s—are super cool and scary when you see their red eyes affixed on you in the distance, with their stomping footsteps closing in. Very suspenseful.The gameplay is simple and straightforward where you're just constantly fighting to survive. All the rifles have a great sound and feel, as well as the pistols. My only gripes are with the submachine guns and shotguns, as they're woefully inaccurate and ineffective at shredding through a horde as they should. The game seems designed around encouraging headshots though which is probably the reason for this. Where I'd prefer to take a 12-gauge to a horde to drop them with one shell, it just doesn't work like that in this game. You have to aim for their individual heads to take them out which sort of defeats the purpose for these sorts of weapons.Got this on sale for $9 and it was well worth it. Recommended."
,Recommended,301640,26747179,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,♥S1mple♥Girl♥,Awesome game to play with friends ))))) Zombie war
76561198168752824,Recommended,301640,26741301,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jäger,I really like how the game works and all the new parts of the game. I also like the lone survivor part of the game
76561198155503332,Recommended,301640,26868994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MikeMonster,"great, but it seems to have stupidly long missions and no save points. clear a weekend for this one"
,Recommended,301640,15873130,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,epaqu,"I never really liked zombie games, but I enjoyed Sniper Elite series so I just gave it a try.ProsFull of tension. Excellent expression of isolation, extremity, horror and, most importantly, grotesqueness.Fantastic graphics.Realistic ballistics.ConsBit expensive. Contents don't match the cost."
76561198053494160,Recommended,301640,16087743,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,pwaveswave,All three of the zombie army games are outrageous.   Tons of fun and never gets old.
,Recommended,301640,15083566,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,"Mindless, undead Nazi slaughtering fun. This game is nothing less of awesome."
,Recommended,301640,15085927,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,NEPHEW DESTROYER,Just possibly the BEST game I have ever played.  Always check the next room!!!
76561198127153274,Recommended,301640,15028503,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,iCy VeinZ,its gud
76561197973957769,Recommended,301640,15111595,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Degenhardt,"Stil working my way through campaign at the moment. But while the storyline at the beginning is sparse, the atmosphere of the zombie world is perfect. The environment is dark and nerve racking and the sounds and music really compliment each other perfectly."
,Recommended,301640,15312309,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,sherman.root,"You can shoot zombies in the testcles,  11/10 would prevent zombies from reproducing again."
76561198035516730,Recommended,301640,15015452,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ForsakenMX,"Zombie Army Trilogy es una colección de los juegos de la saga Sniper Elite Nazy Zombie Army con ediciones remasterizadas de los primeros dos juegos así como la tercer y ultima parte de la serie. Esta colección marca la primera ocasión en que los juegos están disponibles en consola.Durante los últimos días de la segunda guerra mundial, Hitler al borde de la derrota recurre a rituales ocultos para crear un ejército de zombies para que combatan a los aliados. Tú formas parte de un grupo de sniper elites que busca detener al ejército de Hitler.Con un sniper como arma primaria, una pistola y una metralleta o escopeta como arma secundaria, deberás luchar para llegar a puntos específicos de cada mapa. El juego cuenta con una variedad de rifles, cada uno con sus propiedades especificas que van desde rango de la mira, velocidad del disparo, estabilidad y carga de municiones.Cada misión se estructura de manera que hay zonas seguras a las cuales podrás acceder luego de sobrevivir a una oleada de zombies. Las misiones tienen una duración aproximada de 1 hora cada una.El juego usa el mismo engine que Sniper Elite, por lo tanto, las físicas de las balas varían en base a ciertas condiciones, como la distancia. Las metralletas y escopetas disponibles en el juego son útiles pero a diferencia de otros juegos, no puedes usarlas como tu arma principal ya que no son tan efectivas y las municiones son limitadas.Existen varios tipos de enemigos: Zombies con armas, sin armas, zombies snipers, esqueletos, zombies con moto sierras, zombies explosivos, zombies quemados, entre otros. Los jefes de cada zona aparecen junto con una oleada grande y requieren más esfuerzo para eliminarlos.A pesar de la variedad de enemigos, jugar el juego por tiempos prolongados hace notar que por más enemigos distintitos la estrategia no cambia mucho. Para fines de esta reseña se invirtieron más de 12 horas y cerca del final ya estaba cansado de los mismos tipos de enemigos.Adicional a esto, el juego está hecho con cooperativo en mente. Si juegas solo encontraras que ciertas partes del juego son difíciles de pasar pero no imposible. Para una experiencia optima les recomiendo jugar con al menos un amigo.El juego cuenta con un nuevo modo llamado horda en donde tú y hasta 3 amigos deberán luchar por sobrevivir la mayor cantidad de oleadas de zombies posible.Cabe señalar que el juego solamente cuenta con cooperativo en línea. Durante mi tiempo de juego, jugué en línea por cerca de 3 horas y mi compañero se quejaba de que había un retraso entre sus acciones y lo que reflejaba el juego. Por mi parte yo note momentos en los que su personaje se cambiaba de ubicación sin razón aparente.Al contar con 3 juegos en un solo paquete, Zombie Army Trilogy ofrece cerca de 15 horas de entretenimiento solamente en la campaña. El nuevo modo horda es una mejora bienvenida aunque es más de lo mismo.Para aquellos que disfrutan jugar en cooperativo con sus amigos, Zombie Army Trilogy es un juego que no los decepcionara. Desafortunadamente el juego no cuenta con más variedad que extienda su encanto más allá del modo cooperativo.Lo Bueno:•	Cerca de 15 horas de campaña•	Modo Horda•	Físicas de disparoLo Malo:•	Variedad de enemigos•	Problemas al jugar en línea•	Se vuelve aburrido al jugarlo por tiempo prolongadoCalificación: 6"
76561198017849774,Recommended,301640,15027147,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vape125,I have played alot of left for dead 2. This game is different in a good way. The zombies move around alot more. This can make it tricky at time's to get head shots. U can blow limbs off and have half a zombie crawling on his hands towards u. There's plenty of blood/gore and squirters lol. In certain area's u can find yourself surrounded. This adds to the mayhem. U can play solo or up to 4 player co-op with the ability to up the zombie count accordingly. If like me u love killing zombies especially nazi zombies how could u not love this game. I would recommend this game.
76561197978704804,Recommended,301640,15621425,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"This game really is something worth buying and here's why:Pros+ coop as well as single player possible+ nice variety in weaponry (rifles, pistols, smg's, explosives) with characteristic properties+ all three campaigns with part I and II nicely re-done (many maps and nice variety)+ increase in difficulty compared to NZA I/II+ new enemies/variety in enemies+ boss fights+ 2nd WW zombie game :D+ 8 playable characters+ classic Sniper Elite killcam+ dismemberment+ atmosphereAnd the list goes on and on...Cons- hit box issues- random fps dropsI highly recommend this game for everyone who likes WW2, slaughtering zombies and FPS!8/10 because of those hit box issues which can decide between life and death..."
,Recommended,301640,15811967,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lamepo,"AWESOME GAME IN EVERYWAY!!!i love it, everything is just awesomeonly down side is theres not enough people playing for multiplayer.... NEED MORE PEEPS!!!!!"
76561197985144071,Recommended,301640,23362686,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Forsaken,"Maybe it's just me, but I can't see how you can ever get bored of shooting Zombies in the head.The level design is great, with an artistic style that does a good job of evoking the feel of a bombed out Berlin at the end of WW2. Each level has taken me about an hour (I like to have a good look around and take my time), and while you can't save in a level, the checkpoints are pretty generous. Pacing is good and there is a wide variety of challenge with sniping, close range, open and constricted areas. The variety of threats is nice....who knew there were so many varieties of Zombie?Big thumbs up for me. An essential sale purchase!"
76561198060792080,Recommended,301640,23383489,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Azathoth Ex Nihilo,"15/20I got it for five dollars, and it's decent in co-op. I only recommend it if it's on sale and you plan on playing co-op."
,Recommended,301640,20463553,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"Zombie's from hell... It takes you waay back when things were old and spooky, even you can get to kill hitler again. Wouldn't that be nice?"
76561198313986897,Recommended,301640,24272252,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,d7mii ksa,gooooooooood
,Recommended,301640,24274492,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Pandaww,love it <3
76561198073908145,Recommended,301640,24308898,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Benzin,-you kill zombie nazis-hitler is mad-hitler loses again-HEAD SHOT!10/10
,Recommended,301640,24262226,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Paindemonium,"1 is good, 2 was the best, 3th it was a bit to fantastic but still good. They shuild  explain more about how that plan Z works becouse I trully dont know for what was that artefact that zombies still walking when it was destroyed or killed Hitler. At least it was fun, zome kind of Evil Dead with Nazis :). I hope there will be next spinnoff something like ""Soviet Zombie Armie: The Stalins Revange"" or something :). 8/10. Graphic is not so fixed as the original but new stuff and destroying for a parts zombies, with nice head blow effects give this game good riting for me."
76561198081600337,Recommended,301640,24259982,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,sgtassassin,"Do not let my ""record"" time fool you: I've put well over 100 hours into this game.Pros:+Bullet Time+Realistic Weaponry/Age-Appropriate Weaponry+Realistic Bullet Drop and Air Resistance (on Marksman and Sniper Elite modes, respectively)+Enemies that pose challenges even when knowing how to defeat them, or even knowing the easiest method for dispatching them+Zombie Hitler+Killing Zombie Hitler+The Preacher (shooting Jesus out of a double-barrel elephant gun has never been more satisfying)+Multiple ways of dispatching opponents keeps the game from becoming boring fast, and figuring out new ways to lay explosives (you get Land Mines, Trip Mines, and Dynamite, as well as Stielhandgranates) in order to get the most bang for your buck is incredibly satisfying, as well as the subsequent body part showers that follow (Note: Trip Mines can be a little lackluster in power, so pair them with Dynamite, as the Trip Mine detonation will set off the Dynamite, giving you a bigger bang and more damage)Cons:-There are 3 Levels of Difficulty: Noob, Marksman, and Sniper Elite. Unless you play Noob, you're going to have to adjust your shots according to the level of difficulty you choose. Marksman introduces your ol' pal Gravity, so the further away your target, the higher you have to angle your shot. Sniper Elite takes this a step further and introduces Air Resistance, which means wind becomes another factor you'll have to account for. Then again, if you're shooting someone in the face with a rifle at point-blank range, neither Gravity nor Air Resistance are going to stop you from burying that bullet into their brainpan.-I'd wager at least half or so of the 15 levels have some part to them where you simply are going to have to learn through Trial-and-Error. A lot. While there are tutorials on the internet, I'd recommend scoping out as much as possible. Depending on the difficulty you choose, you're going to die. A lot.-Occasional glitch here and there. Sometimes a zombie will be trapped in a wall, and you can't progress unless you kill all the enemies in a given location, so you'll have to restart at the last checkpoint. It sucks, but it happens.-Nazi Zombie Snipers rarely miss their target, even on easier difficulties. Plus they can leapfrog entire buildings in a single bound, like Nazi Zombie Superman.Overall, I'd give this game easily a 9/10. One of the better zombie games out there, and one that actually makes you think on how you're going to beat a level before you do so. Playing on harder difficulties also helps prevent the game from getting too repetitive, and yes, you CAN beat the whole thing on Sniper Elite difficulty while going solo.I've done it."
76561198064153655,Recommended,301640,24412453,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,KarliN,"I'm only referring to Chapter 3.+) Aiming and moving became much more optimized.+) Ammos and such are in the right places.+) I really love how they cranked up a notch on the mood.+) I liked the new zombies and how they modified previous ones to adequate difficulty.+) They added more events, npcs, and a place where you actually have to crawl.+) There's actually an ending in the end. Previous series only had a video just like the ones between missions.+) I really liked the new bgm.+) I loved the changes of the environment.-) Wow...there's nothing to write here. I can't think of any, hahahaha."
,Recommended,301640,24432350,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,OutlawISILDUR,"I've invested 21 hours of my life in this game and have enjoyed it alot.The campaign increases in difficulty as your progress at a steady rate. As I write this review I am near the end of the campaign (I'm looking forward to shooting Hitler), it's not got the greatest story line, but on occasions it makes you jump, or induces an increaed heart when you hear the big plodding footseps of the elite zombies coming into the arena.It has a Co-op multiplayer campaign which is good fun, competing against friends or complete strangers online for highest score or most headshots.Horde mode is akin to Call of Duty zombies with waves of zombies getting increasingly harder.All in all, a good game for the money"
,Recommended,301640,24323719,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Vigilante104,Really fun game. Gameplay allows for some planning and the use of tactics. Weapons behave realistically. Great to play with friends.
76561198031754680,Recommended,301640,24286823,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Gaelichammer,"This game is a blast. The graphics are beautiful and the game play is simple. Whenever you take long shots the camera follows the bullet's trajectory and shows the damage that the round does to the zombie. In order to survive the zombie hordes you have to plan how to use the environment around you. For example, at a bottle-neck you can choose to employ a land mine or a trip wire and set up and pick off the survivors from a distance. The more difficult zombies are a blast to fight. From heavy machine gun wielding former SS giants to quick and deadly sniper zombies each new zombie encountered is a challenge in itself. Definately worth playing."
,Recommended,301640,24363703,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kennanjk Aka Larry,This is a very meh game i meen its ok but theres better thing
76561198011572717,Recommended,301640,24436869,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,wishbonethewise,"Please don't be the ♥♥♥♥♥ playing on marksman or casual difficulty. You might as well play this as a kicking simulator. This game has incredible ballistics for sniping, learn it and enjoy it."
,Recommended,301640,24663170,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bobby B,For the people who want a accurate world war II game
76561198110650531,Recommended,301640,24741555,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LIL-REDDENBACHER,"Fun game.  Enjoyed it more as singleplayer.    Not a fan of the multiplayer, because players often just rush instead of soaking up the atmosphere and looking around.  There were some cool things to find and some great scenery. Game gets repetitive, but a nice escape.Worth a buy on sale."
76561198204022345,Recommended,301640,24735862,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,theterminator405,So much damn fun!
,Recommended,301640,24573531,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[DHB]NoMercy,"Alot of the things in this game I enjoy, but getting friends to play it many of them say its too expensive"
,Recommended,301640,24554073,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AceKenway,"Guns, Zombies, Nazi's and a whole lot of fun with friends.Worth a Buy!"
,Recommended,301640,24567530,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sentient,"Picked this game up for $8.99 on sale. It's probably worth $40 at least. My friend and I completed the campaign on normal in about 15 hours and I can see us going back to grind achieves and try and speedrun it several more times. If you like zombie/horde type games, this is a must have. Most definitely enjoyed!"
,Recommended,301640,23333372,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Fun game to play with a group. Got a 4 pack for arond $25.
76561198083014569,Recommended,301640,23193205,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,The Sewer Clown,Much shoot much wow 11/7 best game.
,Recommended,301640,23226871,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Wayon Oransky (Ore-Ran-Ski),"I enjoyed the killshots more than anything. Shooting zombie heads off, blowing them up, all that stuff. I thought that the shadow that attacked you was pretty amazing. But this game was still fun to play. No as i had hoped, but fun enough to try to get all the killshots."
76561198170445227,Recommended,301640,23196655,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Khao0as,good for spending time  :)
,Recommended,301640,23346152,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Davvos,Great action based game great fun defintly worth the money hopefully they bring out zombie rounds for online but overall great game Subscribe to my youtube david's gaming
76561197992246194,Recommended,301640,23269618,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,panther3007,"Like left4dead but sniper based. headshot headshot headshot.I got the game when on sale, so lots of copies just sold when I bought it and there was still times when I struggled to find co-op partners. Not much of an online community left...Not really meant for singleplayer, no story really, though it can be played offline."
,Recommended,301640,23270382,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Piranha,love the game !
,Recommended,301640,23509558,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BovvovvFPlayer,Like a sniper elite. good game cool game hot game
76561197981258921,Recommended,301640,23590069,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Wookiee,Great friggin game!
76561198112981059,Recommended,301640,23803830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,choglit,"This is a good game, well worth the money. If you like shooting lots of zombies and sniper elite 3 then this games for you."
,Recommended,301640,22394655,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,TyroneGonnaGitYA,Im looking for friends to play with on this game lets wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥up
76561198021837454,Recommended,301640,22417196,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Hitler just won't stay dead, the little dickens!"
,Recommended,301640,22898640,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,yellow cat,One of the best cooperative games I've played
76561198031856853,Recommended,301640,22967512,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,daltonpalmerj,good game if you are a fan of zombie games
76561198133284993,Recommended,301640,21001891,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kharn,"Sniper Elite, Meets Left 4 Dead, meets Cod Zombies...... enough said"
,Recommended,301640,20776767,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Bad Influence,10/10 lots of gore and nazi zombies!The gore is way better then Mortal Kombat in my opinion.But for those of you who don't like gore then leave now!This isn't the game for you!GO GET PONY WORLD 3 IF YOU HAVE TO JUST DON'T GET THIS GAME THEN SAY IT'S FILLED WITH STUFF THAT MAKES PEOPLE VIOLENT! BECAUSE IT DOESN'T MAKE PEOPLE FRICKEN VIOLENT THAT'S A LIE! IF IT MAKES YOUR KIDS VIOLENT MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T BUY THEM GAMES LIKE THIS YOU DUMBASS!Thanks for reading my review and hope you enjoy the game :)
,Recommended,301640,20823198,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TongaStampsSmashBro,L4D made drove me to buying this. In the end this game is amazing for a 3rd person zombie game
76561198104503121,Recommended,301640,20787405,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Anthony,The game is really fun and I am enjoying it
,Recommended,301640,20979691,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Helix,one word best game na to play by your self fun its like sniper elite in one way the copied the bullet cam
76561198007457855,Recommended,301640,20977894,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain_Nibbles,"This game is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ it really is.The bullet lag is so rediculous, like its so over exagerated from what any other game is like. This is the only reason the game is remotely difficult.However, dispite all of its shortcomings its still fun and i would recommend it for purchase if you are into zombie FPS's."
76561198052332614,Recommended,301640,20969049,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Leor Danal,You Kill Zombies With a Sniper Rifle.Enough Said 10/10
,Recommended,301640,21633443,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ブラン,Can u imagine how fun.if u're an allied forces back in WWII facing Undead legion of Nazis?Yeah it worth your time to play this game.10/10 will kick zombie Hitler's Butt
76561198071639443,Recommended,301640,22013303,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sir Gurami,"this is an awesome game i swear to god, so much potential to be even more :D"
,Recommended,301640,22016923,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Cteklite,"From what I can understand, this game is about Hitler having a stroke and thinking unleashing zombies into the world is a good idea. You play as one of 4 voiceless, unempathetic, inexplicably tough sharpshooters with no personality traits whatsoever attempting to stop this zombie plague.Is the story well-explained? Nope.Is it clear what you're doing or where you're going next? Nope.Can you explode zombie testicles? Of course.Is the game's ending good? The protagonist of Sniper Elite V2 gun-butts a zombie's face and that's it. You throw Hitler into a volcano, THE END. Unsatisfactory at best.Big question;Is it fun?Dude.Yes."
,Recommended,301640,22016080,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,💓 Wee Woo 💓,Hmmmm... the multiplayer already dead. Only can play solo
76561198021950682,Recommended,301640,22110513,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,gamer1346,"The campaign is fairly interesting and the multiplayer is good for a quick thrill. However, I would strongly recommend anyone who still hasn't picked this #up to grab some friends and play with them as otherwise it's not that fun."
76561197977080062,Not Recommended,301640,22187066,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,lauke,Not refined enough. Gets boring too quickly even with multiplayer.
76561198187162173,Recommended,301640,21880949,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,carterdavis1,"This was a really entertaining and engaging game.  The conrols handle like Call of Duty and it has good horror elements that make it suspenseful.  Lots of levels and good artwork made the campaign well worth the price.  Horde mode is pretty addicitive and always fun.  It would be great if there were more levels and a little more interaction with the environment, but other than that, this game is a home run."
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,301640,21916468,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ltm1900,"This game is so different from sniper elite series because those zombies keep moving and there's no hiding place. it's just a FPS game (pretty crap) within sniper rifles available. And there's no story line you just follow the direction go here go there, kill a swomp of zombies run out of ammo then you freaking die."
,Not Recommended,301640,21914805,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,CHOGGARD,"Just recently purchased Zombie Army Trilogy. The game was about $12. If you haven't purchased the game and you are thinking about buying it because of your love for the Zombie-Style shoot em ups I'd suggest you save your money and pass on this one. The play control completely ruins any enjoyment the theme brings to you. It's what can best be described as ""KLUNKY"". At times the game controls make this game frustrating and almost unbearable. It's a great theme and that is why I purchased it....love the World War Theme plus Zombies is like two of my favorites but this is just a complete mess. Poorly executed game that is not polished with awful game controls that will leave you so frustrated you better stash some money away for a new keyboard or new mouse because it will drive you nuts!"
76561197993058305,Recommended,301640,21931290,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Snellius,Great gameplay and fun to play in co-op. 9/10
,Recommended,301640,22145167,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SuicideForSpite,I love this game. You will also love this game. Remove the heads of your undead enemies in style.
76561198052916548,Recommended,301640,25057930,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lenarch,You will never have enough bullets.EVER!!!!
,Recommended,301640,33553856,Posted: 15 July,all,L.u.f.f.y,"The 3 games of this trilogy are absolutely addicting. I've spend hours headshoting those nazi zombies, and still, i never get bored. I like it's physics, the famous ''bullet time'', the dark and evil scenarios, the zombie's designs, the variety of weapons (sniper rifles, pistols, automatic machineguns and explosives), the boss fights and all the music (rare moments) and sounds are impecable.The A.I. is good too. Enemies can give you a really hard challenge if you get stuck in a corner or are in the middle of many of them. They attack very fast and can kill you in a matter of a few seconds. Don't get more than 5 or 6 hits, or you'll be in trouble.The developers put some easter eggs in the game and a lot of accomplishments to do. They have a good sense of humor too. And oh, prepare to get some scares in the game (it's not anything like Dead Space; you can handle).Cons: Sometimes the game is too dark to see objects and zombies (adjust gamma, but you'll lose the game's dark scenarios). You get stuck in objects easily, without the option to jump or move them (only a few). I felt the lack of option to explore more detailed the maps, enter in more houses and doors. The movement of your character is not good and looks like a stupid robot sometimes, with rare moments of different types of moves.For me, it's a 8,5/10. Play it! :D"
76561197969478703,Recommended,301640,22848718,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,r0tr3x,LFD2 style WWII zombie shooter.  Good game.
,Recommended,301640,33569638,Posted: 15 July,all,Finch,Atleast you won't need to worry about getting a crawler at the end of the round19/45 would turn the majority of Nazis into deader Nazis again
,Recommended,301640,18430572,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Big Money Barnacle,It was good but not enough zombies.
,Recommended,301640,18379779,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,myusedtampon,Q: what's better than shooting enemies in the face?A: Shooting Hitler in the face10/10
76561198039476851,Recommended,301640,18300839,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,Amazing Game! the title should be called Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army Trilogy.
76561198069676255,Recommended,301640,18462066,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dRo,Awesome game. Rich deep story.
76561198036250838,Recommended,301640,18435175,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ruud316,"All the fun of SEV2 but blasting zombies in bullet cam slow mo. Enough varity of enimies to keep to you on your toes. Can become a bit of a blastathon, generally run backwards and whack head shots from range, sounds boring? Not when they are litterally swarms of the sods slowly getting closer and CLOSER! I bought this because it had the 3rd installment, I had previsously bought Zombie army 1 & 2. This has 3 and an updated 1 & 2, which to my reconning is a little easier than the origionals. Especially Skeletons that used to terrify me, now they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and dead easy to kill.The 3rd installment is good, a zombie Hitler was where these games were always heading, I really enjoyed the final battle against the crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! All in all a good zombie arcade blast. Also the game has good regular checkpoint saves meaning you can dip in and out if you have to do other stuff, like make dinner and collect the kids.Graphics are good. Game play is fun, about 20 hours here with all three gamesScore out of 10. 7/10"
76561198046036230,Recommended,301640,18511094,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mizu Zoo zU,Nobody plays this online :<
76561198115557012,Recommended,301640,18501472,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SpongeBobSqueareDick,i like that♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,301640,18452242,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,General Havoc,Left 4 Dead style gameplay + Nazi Zombies look and atmosphere = Zombie Army Triology
,Recommended,301640,18309353,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ACE RyanAnayaMc,"This game is just awesome. It has a great amount of content and a great difficulty curve. Like Sniper Elite? Buy this game. Like zombie shooters? Buy this game. Like video games? Buy this game. I cannot say how amazing this game is. There is a pretty good amount of variety and different types of bosses (some of which will make you want to destroy your PC). I have not owned the first two Zombie Army games, so I cannot tell you about how great the remastering was, but I have to say, the first one is fun. I haven't beat the second or third ones yet, but when I do, I will update this review.SCORE: 100/100Final NotesIt's two awesome things together: Sniper Elite AND Zombies. How could you refuse that?"
76561197973526080,Recommended,301640,17773399,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,StewPedaso,"I think this game is  a blast.  It has a really nice pace, great looking graphics, and it's just plain fun.  I don't like puzzle solving much, I just want to shoot stuff and have some challenges along the way.  This game fits the bill for me.  I love the weapon variety and the gore is awesome.  At times I get a little tired of the slow motion sniper shot thing but it looks pretty incredible anyway."
76561198033814090,Recommended,301640,17774483,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Nutchi,"Just like left for dead. For online it good, for solo player too difficult. But, yes I would stikk recommend this game"
,Recommended,301640,17803502,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dynaben,"This is what a zombie game should have in it, brutal blood and gore along with massive hordes that have odds that feel impossible at times."
76561197981521697,Recommended,301640,17804247,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,pcj240ross,Decent game. LFD & LFD2 are better but the co-op in this game are good. Single player is lacking and repetative.
76561198038702709,Recommended,301640,17667893,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Death,"Been searching for a game like this since the release of Left 4 dead and left 4 dead 2. A game which throws you into interesting levels that ooze atmosphere, riddled with explosive traps and secrets this is a game in which I could sink hours into.Pros:+atmospheric levels and great level design+Fun gunplay+Replayability for each level+Option of a Horde mode+Fun weither playing Single player or Multiplayer.+X-ray camera is always satisfying+Great enemy varietyCons:-Guns in each catagory feel pretty much the same. (Snipers all feel the same, sub machine guns all feel the same, only one shotgun not counting the Preacher which isn't a starting weapon, pistols except for the revolver feel the same as well.)-Game does have a few nasty bugs-Price when not on sale is quite highThat being said this is probably one of the best coop shooters out there, I would recommend this game full price to anyone who was a fan of the sniper series or has an irristible itch for a coop shooter, for everyone else, wait for a sale like I did."
,Recommended,301640,14759950,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BillyTheKid,I enjoyed the first two more and think they are better not much for kicken♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198146522541,Recommended,301640,20549608,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,khermerker,"ok first....if you liked the third person game of left 4 dead, you will like this and well if you dont think on the bundle of rebellion...well go only for this:P.pro:long game, good aim, sniper can have good realism, need team work, enough bullets but without plan you will be out fast, that keeps a good realism unlike others even hadguns have a limit .cons:you need change download region to us (probably newyork but will not try others) for find coop guys, game is kinda impossible solo...dont matter what you do is just too hard survive sieges even with zombies scalating with players is too hard.if liked the original of left 4 death on xbox you will like this a lot......"
76561198004022855,Recommended,301640,19817196,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,maldorf,I do not recommend this game for those easily frustrated. It runs of a check point system and when you run into difficult parts you end up having to redo the same thing over and over. The checkpoints are set at good points though so its not too bad. There were a couple of points in the game though where i must have played it 20 x+ to clear. The bosses are particularly hard especially when there are more than one at once. The last part of the game was really bad.The game played without any hitches until the very end when it took several minutes for the game to pop up after I hit run in steam. Im not sure what happened.Overall though the game is a lot of fun if you have the patience. I played the game on marksmen difficulty. One thing that might have made the game better is if you could drop down a level of difficulty while you are playing if you come to a sticking point.
,Recommended,301640,19928239,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dio Brando,"I love this game with a burning passion, but my PC cant ♥♥♥♥ing run it. i am cry.9/10"
76561198082436388,Recommended,301640,30662194,Posted: 21 March,all,Бекки?,Exploding zombies.
76561198133681881,Recommended,301640,19923027,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A Militant Hedgehog,"Absoloutley amazing game, bought is for console and loved playing it with friends but it plays so much better on pc definately worth purchasing, a genuienly fun game to play it always had me competing with my friends over who was the better shot/zombie slayer (p.s it was me) 9.5/10"
,Recommended,301640,19928922,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Foosball,"If you are looking for a 3d story-driven campaign or even better - a coop campaign, look no further.This trilogy with great graphics offers what few PC games can do: great graphics along with SEAMLESS coop playing campaign.No syncing issues whatsoever at all.With this trilogy you are guaranteed easily 20 hours of gameplay.The level design is excellent, especially towards the end of the first episode where you are confronted by exploding appearing zombies which make you move from one area to the next.Paying full price for this trilogy is worth it, but get it while you can on sale.As a PC gamer, I am thankful for Rebellion making a great game that allows you to play coop, where most devs skimp out.AND YOU CAN CHOOSE LEFT FOR DEAD CHARACTERS!I finished the campaign without having to relight my cigarette ^_^"
76561197981956784,Recommended,301640,19955696,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,snugz,Game could be called ROADHOUSE zombie edition... cause the kicks are so good
76561198113481855,Recommended,301640,17867769,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dracula^Dragon,"Man,I never thought blowing up nazi zombie's heads would be this fun! 100% bros!! 100%"
76561198066645365,Not Recommended,301640,19976714,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ThiccSpicySpaghettiCock,Lack of players online
,Recommended,301640,19963972,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,/Chaos:Phinn/,"Good, stupid fun.  If you're like me and you play every FPS with a sniper rifle as much as humanly possible, you'll really enjoy this game.  Even though it's third person, it swaps to first person when aiming with a scoped weapon.  It's incredibly satisfying, and something you can play for 10-15 minutes at a time when moving from one checkpoint to another and saving.  Lots of fun."
,Recommended,301640,19980137,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Conbatt98,10/10
,Recommended,301640,19982954,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,therisk,"The Zombie Army Trilogy is a great addition to your collection if you enjoy classic shooter gameplay crossed with CO OP horde survival. Because I owned the first ZA, I was hesitant to buy ZAT. I am pleasantly surprised with how cohesive the trilogy is. Devs did a great job of tying all three chapters together into one seamless game. The sniping mechanics scratch the precision itch that reminds me of classic skill shooters (Painkiller, Serious Sam). ZAT is a must buy Killing Floor, L4D, or sniping enthusiasts. For a sale price of $13 I find ZAT to be an outstanding deal.  Great title for serious binge weekend gaming as well as pick-um-up put-um-down for busy parents or nights when you are casually watching a movie. Solid core title for your collection."
,Recommended,301640,19993920,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jeisonsan,Like it way better than Left 4 Dead 2...Extra fun if you play it with your buddies!
76561198018536380,Recommended,301640,20017694,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Thrawn,THIS IS... good... I... I... like this game.Zombies are getting old... but Nazi zombies are something completely new.
76561198040126422,Recommended,301640,20016362,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,YoFace,"Played for 40 minutes.Played as Ellis for 40 minutes.Talkin like a red neck for 40 minutes.Yeehew!!/10.Couldn't figure out how to find a match. Everything I came across was to create a game.No one joined.Hope to die with someone else in the same game soon.It's lonely out here.If anyone wants to play with me, feel free to add me. :)"
76561198023138709,Recommended,301640,20013741,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Meat Shield,An epic game. (Gets you in the Christmas mood) There is something very satisfying when bullet hits the Zed. 10/10 would do it all day long.
,Recommended,301640,20019670,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crewman Six,"bought it for the l4d crossover, stayed for the amazing gameplay."
76561198230725420,Recommended,301640,21848356,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,deadsensess,"This is my very first reaction to the game.""This game is absolutely unnerving me. zombies are scary as hell, creepy whispering in the back ground, serious atmosphere of ""You Are Really, ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ed."" I got a good strong vibe of ""oh this is a joke game with a bunch of zombie action"" However, it is still a sniper elite game. Sniper elite is entirely beatable, but consistently challenging unless you are on a second playthrough. The joke seriously ends after the first checkpoint. Then♥♥♥♥♥♥gets so real, so fast, and you are beginning to realize, oh..... ammo doesn't come up until the next safehouse...... And you realize, I have a sniper, against all of.... this....? Your secondary prime and side arm run out real god damn quick""I sent that to the skype group of good friends I game with every night, this is a good game, it isnt anything compared to my first playthrough of dead space 1, but it got very close. Rebellion, I love you guys for making such a suprising game, I will line your pockets with credit buying the game for my friends or forcing them to buy it, because I seriously dont want to play this by myself again."
,Recommended,301640,21846243,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,NeoGeoMVS,ultra fun game.its a must buy if you already like sniper elite 2 and 3.
,Recommended,301640,21846707,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zomboid,"Have been interested in this game since it came out but didn't want to pay the full retail price. For almost 12 bucks this game is super fun if you have a friend or three to play with. It's not so good that it should be $60 but for $20 or less, I say it's pretty worth it."
,Recommended,301640,25600926,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Imglidinhere,"If you like the idea of shooting slow shambling satanic zombies, then this game is for you. If you like fast paced gameplay that lets you plow through hordes in seconds and run through levels with heavy auto-fire, then go play Left 4 Dead. This game is slower, more gradual, but just as frantic as any other shooter. No, this isn't the same as CoD zombies, these guys don't get stronger, but you can't really take more than a few swings before going down. Definitely keeps the feeling that you're a sniper of sorts and puts those skills to the test... while going about objectives towards an end goal... and during an undead satanic apocalypse no less!Would I recommend this game? Hell yes. I played a LOT more of the original games, logging a lot more time than this one, so... if you're curious about the lack of playtime for this game, that's why. Also get the Preacher. If you like a giant area-denial shotgun thing or just want a safe way to clear out 20+ zeds in one blast (I've done this rarely, but it CAN happen!) then the Preacher is your friend. Gives a great selection of rifles to choose from, with the Garand being kinda like the best option if you like a fast reload and decent bullet drop with a well balanced zoom and a great RoF. But I'm biased toward that gun in particular. >w> So yeah... why're you still reading this? Why aren't you playing the game yet!? 8D"
76561198003973764,Recommended,301640,25577464,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,laredo6,"This is an awsome game; I don't think I could give it justice to find any adjectives to discribe this game. Its survival game through and through, it brings you into the heart of the nazism. The horrible ideology that comes with the Nazism name is brought into the game. It is supernatural, yes, but one could imagine the ramification if the nazi's could get a hold of any supernatural power through this game. I hope they will continue the Zombie Army Trilogy."
76561198202313250,Recommended,301640,25659796,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,dragonmaster2359,awesome game best zombie shooter i have played in a long time
,Recommended,301640,17698130,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Kim Jong Un,Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥right here.
76561197970688752,Not Recommended,301640,30863808,Posted: 31 March,all,GrumpyGrizz,"I have such mixed feeling about this game. When the game is at its best, it wonderful, however when its bad its really bad.Some of the missions have you be a sniper in a nice tower and in these moments the game is one of the best sniper games in recent memory.But then the following mission will have you 3rd person running around the level to avoid an angry mob and the controls/engine do not work well for this. The movement feels sluggish and clumsy in these arena battles.Today's session had 2 fantastic missions back to back, making me wonder why I hadn't played the game in weeks. Then the third mission was a keep moving or die mission that was terrible. After several tries in this ""keep moving or die"" level I decided I had enough of the game."
,Recommended,301640,24095180,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Pan of TRUMP,"I love this game, it has a few glitches and Multi-player is broken. But is still the best zombie game I ever played."
76561198088460279,Recommended,301640,25724940,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SuperMaarten64,WOW... this is game is Addictive...im impressed by this fun game.
,Recommended,301640,25700572,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,upcaman,I got it on sale and so decided I would try it out.  I have a laptop with poor graphics and CPU and so game plays but suffers.  I would like to try it on a better PC before I give it final review.
76561198048712516,Recommended,301640,25509314,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Homunculus,it gud
,Recommended,301640,30866363,Posted: 31 March,all,Isaac Pendragon,"Don't listen to the bad reviews saying this game is broken and whatnot, It's really fun. Yes, there are some times when I experienced some bugs, but it's not always there (we got unlucky) and none of them were game breaking.Oh, and if you haven't played this game in maximum difficulty and maximum zombies in a 4-player co-op, you're doing it wrong. That's where the real sh*t is."
,Recommended,301640,19203813,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,DrSadistic,"Okay, let's jump right into this one! Visually it is pretty unimpressive, but that is to be expected from a game of its age. The audio is solid, though I did find that the sound of lurking zombies is not always a good guide as to how close they may be, or what direction they may be coming from. Despite that, the audio is still where this game shines, providing a cheezy horror flick tone that just fits this game perfectly, setting a mood that keeps this exhausted genre oddly refreshing.Solo campaign is quite challenging, which is probably why I found myself enjoying this game a lot more when it was with the company of others. Just seems a lot more manageable that way, and the player revives make a huge difference taking away a lot of the frustration that was experienced when playing alone. It also just feels like a game that is meant to be played with others as communication among teammates was often what made or broke apart a group. Finding a group doesn't take too long but this game is flying under most people's radar so the community really isn't there.I did find the X-Ray kill system to be quite fun, as it made me want to get more headshots, and the ability to punt kick a zombie's head off was just awesome.The Doctor's Final Report: 8/10; Overall, I am happy I picked this game up. The Zombie theme is definitely growing old, but Zombie Army Trilogy is still very enjoyable and a great option if you're looking for a game to play with friends."
76561198233412908,Recommended,301640,30864957,Posted: 31 March,all,PETTY502,"This is a great game, but if you dont have a good setup it wont work as well as it could. (Im not saying you need a beast to run the game it just might be a little sloppy, i actualy use a laptop so there is proof that it dosent need alot of power to run)"
,Recommended,301640,20594196,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,White_Noise,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a fun 4player co-op shooter where you are on the hunt to take down hoards of undead Nazis as well as uber-unded-Nazi Hitler.There isn't too much to say other than the game is kind of dead, so I'd find people to play with before you buy it.You can play alone, but it is not as fun."
76561197960808505,Recommended,301640,25492734,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Yogo,Very fine four player Co-op.  Just buy it already.
,Recommended,301640,22959745,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FuckMeUpFam,Its a good game at least so far but i feel like its boring to play alone but with friends it get a whole lot more fun.
76561198058819283,Recommended,301640,22920375,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,deadman1717,This game is super fun and addicting. good way to spend several hours!!
76561198168505169,Recommended,301640,17782656,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,King Feanor,"More of the same, slightly less fluid, but still very playable. Graphics much better and engine smoother. Worth buying during sale or at full price if you don't have the original(s)."
76561198076381265,Recommended,301640,17682199,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MrHeev,Fun Co-op game!!!
76561198017997738,Recommended,301640,17683267,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,D4KR0N!C (w*s) ™,"very fun game is on third person view, im unsure if it has FPS view but overall good game"
76561198018940961,Recommended,301640,17683773,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,anniina,Great zombie game. Game is extremely difficult and very scary.
76561198066464095,Recommended,301640,17683928,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Grizz,"This game has brilliant atmosphere, excellent gun play and loads of zombies to headshot, totally worth a buy, even at full price."
,Recommended,301640,17684812,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,05:00am,"CoDs zombies meets Left 4 Dead in 3rd person with more sniping. I like very much.Runs fine on medium on my laptop, GT 640M 2gb, i5 3.1ghz, 8gb ddr3."
,Recommended,301640,17684832,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SuperGonZ,"This game gets less credit than it deserves and I am very picky about my games, I will REFUND ASAP if I dont like it within 2 hrs.  But this game is great, and I hope the playerbase dosent die. at least not anytime soon.MAKE SOME GRPS ON STEAM FOR ZOMBIE DEATH TIEM!MANY Different utilities at hand to dispose of massive amounts of undead hordes.Set your trap mines  and push off as many enemies as you can then fall back and let traps explode.15 diff Campaigns which each take quite a while to beat and can be challenging and very FUN!The game is STRAIGHT FORWARD COOP / ZOMBIE KILLING, AND LOTS, and u can set like.. ENDLESS Zombie Spawns. Its crazy..    Ppl get mad cause they Expect more out of this, but I would say this is the best Zombie Horde Shooter out there especially for the price of 66% off $15.The only downside I see is if the HOST of the Game has low speed internet, its a little more difficult to kill things, but CHALLENGING NON THE LESS! GO LAG!!Theres only so much this game can give and for this sale it should be taken for somehting to do on your off time..I cant say there is much wrong with this game.. ASides from not being too much to work towards. Campaign and Horde is great! I expected no less, but didnt expect such MASSIVE Chaos and EVEN SLOW MOTION IN Multiplayer Kills. Legitimate SHOOTING system, cant spray and pray,  Rifle shots got to be SPOT ON Depending on the Difficulty as well. Headshots def count. Physics and Graphics are very well done, I think this game got a lot less credit than what it deserves."
76561198110601527,Recommended,301640,17685976,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,great lord cthulhu,"A fun and awsome game that any zombie fan might enjoy and have a good afternoon with it,the game takes you throught zombie ifested berlin fighting your way thought hodes of  nazi zombies, the game in its story is almost non existant and is only explain in the start of missions, the charcters are as bland as paper and you coudent give a damm about them, but the meat of the game is in its gameplay, the game can be played alone or in co-op and going around gunning down zombies is super fun, the game also nails the admosfere with its great music and desing of enviroments, it actually does a pretty good job in making you feel overwhelmed with the great hordes of zombies youll have to fight thought, making you feel like the zombie hordes will never end, this game also comes with the last 2 games of the zombie army so you dont have to worry about bying the other last 2 games, at last i recomend this game to any one interested in a left 4 dead style game or just some one that ones to have a good time."
,Recommended,301640,17701840,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Dat_Grep,"Sniper Elite gameplay, with zombies. What's not to love?"
76561198150734540,Recommended,301640,17702210,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Machinegun0782,"If you're looking for a game that allows you to mow down wave after wave of zombies, this is the game for you!! This is the zombie game that I had been looking for. The only complaint I have is that if you want to use a controller to play this game, you pretty much can't use a mic. Someone thought that it was a good idea to make it so you have to hold down the ""v"" key to talk into your mic even while using a controller. I'm trying to switch over to completely to PC gaming, but it's constant little things like this that keep me from making the complete switch.  Other than that, I absolutely love this game!!"
76561198014266469,Recommended,301640,17702447,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Reap Me Daddy,I came for Nick. I was not disappointed.
,Recommended,301640,17702510,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Raza,if u missed out on the deal then u missed out bigtime!! 3 games for £10.19!! now back 2 £30 it was a bargain for a tenner ur ur not fast ur last epsecialy on here
,Recommended,301640,17703235,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,stuart63jsa,Definitely one of the better zombie games I have played.
76561198027938421,Recommended,301640,17704091,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ShotYouNowDie,one of the best games iv ever played
76561198072319978,Recommended,301640,17705470,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Mr. Rook,And I thought headshots were the best way to keep zombies from spreading.2/2 - would watch Nazzi Zombie Slow Motion X-ray Ballshot again (cause where else can you do that...)
76561198023900797,Recommended,301640,17705726,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Kim Jong-Il,Brilliant game. Great story line - although I do think it lacks in cutscenes. Apart from that the graphical detail is very impressive and the gameplay is challenging & very involving.
,Recommended,301640,17708385,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SmasherUsher,"This game is a must buy if youre a fan zombie-brain-bashing video games, it has the same gist to Left 4 dead, heck they even created a dlc where you can use the famous characters in the L4D series! 8/10 for graphics! they use the sniper elite 3 engine for this and that game is about a year old so dont expect it to be like the games that recently came out. for the gameplay ill give it 10/10! you can strategize on how to destroy and annihilate the zombies like planting land mines, tripwires etc etc.. and also coop is good!  you really a need a teamwork for you to pass the stages of the game.. it really gets very hard once you go deeper to every level! the game is not that much expensive and its so worth a buy! so if the steam guys put up a discount for this game. i suggest to grab it asap! 10/10 will play this everyday! Cheers!"
76561198188237067,Recommended,301640,17656294,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zoozless,Try it... it's AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,301640,17656356,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Shinobu,its pretty good. kinda like left4dead in that it's co op.
76561197971920247,Recommended,301640,17657993,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Delboy,Great game
76561198143795073,Recommended,301640,23088535,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mitrixlance,"The game is good, better graphics since its the succesor of zombie army I and II, it reach a good end.I recommend but the problem is that if you don't have anybody to play, once you have finish one or twice it gets boring since its only you."
,Recommended,301640,23092491,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Demon of Sins,"Always fun killing massive hordes of zombies, with friends of course"
,Recommended,301640,23028167,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DanaRedfield,I don't like nazi games. But this Game is Great. The coop Mode Markes a Lot fun. And the controls are well made.
,Recommended,301640,23062508,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bluemegarobot27,"Game isn't exactly what I expected and isn't really my cup of tea, but it reminds me somewhat ofthose call of duty type games if you know what I mean.so if you like survival shooting kinds of games, this is for you, but if you were expecting afirst person shooter type game, don't get it, you'll disapoint yourself."
76561198044858668,Recommended,301640,23019540,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,CheeZ3Rz,11/10 IGN
,Recommended,301640,23031295,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jambies (PC needs fixin'),It's a game
76561198045108285,Recommended,301640,24446857,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Living for Lamias,"Shooting nazi zombies has never been so exciting, thanks x-ray camera"
,Recommended,301640,24551505,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CRASH,awesome game!  i wish more poeple cought on....
,Recommended,301640,24674440,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,tim_ettinger,"I got this game on sale a while back, finally got around to playing it.  It is based off one of the Sniper Elite games.  I played the original Sniper Elite about 10 years ago, and don't remember it well enough to compare to it.  I know I wasn't a fan then, and I gave it to a friend who enjoyed it immensely.I played through the entire game and enjoyed doing it.  I can't tell a difference in the characters skills with the sniper rifle.  The weapons do have differences.You choose a scoped sniper rifle, machine gun/shotgun, sidearm, and some form of explosive to start.  All the other weapons are available in the levels as youn play, in addition to some others which you can't choose to start with.Rifles - Some are semiautomatic and have larger magazine capacities while others are bolt action.  The semi-auto/large magazine rifles seem to have less power than the slower bolt action rifles.  I wasn't able to tell a major difference between the scopes.  You can carry 100 rounds of ammunition for your sniper rifle.Machine Guns / Shotgun - The machine guns are reasonable accurate, and have varying strength as reflected by the amount of ammuntion carried.  The Russian machine gun carries a lot of ammunition, and you will use it.  The shotgun carries very few rounds, and takes a lng time to reload.  It is good for some enemies, and tedious for others.Sidearms - 3 automatic pistols and a revolver.  The revolver takes longest to reload, but can be reloaded before all 6 shots have been fired and takes correspondingly less time.  The revolver is also the strongest and effective for one-shot kills.Explosives - Grenades, mines, tripwires, and bundles of dynamite you must shoot or explode.  I don't like using them unless I have to, and there are times when their capabilities shine.  Used correctly, they can get you easy multiple kills.Other weapons - The ammunition for the rocket launcher and the double barreled shotgun is fairly rare.  The double barrel gun is very unrealistic, and blows crowds of zombies apart.  It's great if you are being swarmed and would rather cheat than die.  The rocket launcher is pretty standard.  Flies straight, goes boom.The game play - There is a lot of demonic/satanic imagery in this game.  You are fighting through hordes of undead Nazis.  Most of them are slow moving, but they attack in hordes and can only reliably be put down by being exploded or shot through the head.  If you drop one with body shots, he may get back up and attack while you are sniping other zombies.  The kill cam can be excessive at times.  When you are sniping for dear life when a mob of zombies is creeping up on you, the kill-cam can distract you from counting bullets between reloads.If you reload immediately after a scoped shot, you reload and return immediately to your scoped view.  Not the best situation, as it is more natural to look around after reloads to make sure a zombie you shot in half isn't creeping up on you.There are some faster zombies, armored zombies, really strong zombies, and zombies that bob their heads on floppy undead necks around as they zombie-walk toward you.  Sometimes it is hard to put a bullet through those bugger's brains.  A very good shot will go through the eye-slit on the armored zombies, but it is more likely that you will have to shoot their faceplate off the get a brain shot.Overall, I think this is a fun sniper game.  There is usually enough ammunition that you don't have to go close range very often."
,Recommended,301640,24662812,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ღDanildö,Amazing game. I want more
,Recommended,301640,26946073,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bucci,"I downloaded this game on sale, not knowing it was from Rebellion, I started playing and man... I couldn't stop, it is awesome, you get a whole bunch of zombies coming at you and you just start to headshot everything that moves. Blow stuff up, and then the music not to mention the atmosphere that gets everytime more sick and twisted, I love this game, I hope they add more chapters!"
92347573458784588,Recommended,301640,26920688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[ARA] Infinity,One of the best bang for your buck games ever.
,Recommended,301640,25971520,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,UnnaturalDeletion,"Fun game, some of the gunplay is wonky, but the sniper rifles are tight. If you see it on sale pick it up."
76561198088795098,Recommended,301640,26294730,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,12GaugeRampage,"Tons of fun, had a blast playing so far. Wish you could get more than 24 rounds of Webley ammo, but I understand that it's for balancing issues as it's a very powerful sidearm"
76561197971245438,Recommended,301640,27507248,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,=TBTT= Jefus,It's fun but pushes no enverlope ... Veiw that as you will¬
76561198145174261,Recommended,301640,27542904,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tbaldwin,"The gameplay is great and the horde mode is like zombies from COD, all in all its 9/10"
,Recommended,301640,27423186,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peperix,"I found this game pretty darn fun to play, especially with friends! :D"
,Recommended,301640,24095521,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Toast Buster,"I have barely played this game at all, but from my experience, this game is amazingGot it on sale, I dont know if it's worth full price, wait for a sale, but really, this game is funI definitely recommend this game for anyone who likes zombie shooters and third person games."
,Recommended,301640,17909300,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jungkook,good
,Recommended,301640,24223455,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Eisen,Fourty four ninty nine
76561198017942886,Recommended,301640,24063891,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LP  l  Zak,"Absolute amazing game, especially for the price!Rather your computer isnt the best, or just medium, it'll run this game. Amazing campaign, lots of weapons to choose from, and pretty good Multiplayer.10/10 - Worth the $"
76561198275599572,Recommended,301640,24066071,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chief,Breddy GUD
,Recommended,301640,23962915,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,h.Saiah,"Great game, Really good graphics alot of fun to have with friends plus the slow motion bullet going through someone is sick   even better when its in a zombie game and you can still play it the same. Really enjoyed this game"
,Recommended,301640,23979687,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"NICE TRILOGY, I haven't played the Sniper Elite Franchise, but I most say that this game highlighted my attentionGOOD POINTS:-ACCEPTABLE GRAPHIC ENGINE-NICE GAMEPLAY FLUENCY (Controls,storyline, difficult, aiming system and gore moments)-MORE EASY WITH FRIENDS (4 PP)BAD POINTS:-FPS METTER DRAMATICALLY DECREASES IN SOME MOMENTS-BAD MATCHMAKING AND NETWORK STABILITY-NO DIALOGS FROM THE CHARACTERS WHICH MAKES THE GAME ON CERTAIN MOMENT, BORING-ITS A VERY SHORT GAME IN GENERAL (3 EPISODES WITH 5-6 CHAPTERS -60MINS EACH ONE-)In conclussion, yes  I enjoyed it.. but I wouldn't buy it if it hadn't a good disscount and also if I didn't have a nice PC...so take in count that!"
,Recommended,301640,23995188,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KOKO,"- Start !- Fire !- Making combos to beat friends- Combo failedbtw I love this game, especially when play with friends !"
,Recommended,301640,23916706,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,!||,"I got this on sale for $8.99. Only then would I consider it worth the money. I would NOT buy the game at full price.With that being said, I really love this game. However, finding random people to play chapters with takes eternity."
76561198312735407,Recommended,301640,23947023,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cwilliams9709,"I am a big fan of the Call of duty:Zombies franchise but this games is a huge step up from all of that. I would personally say it may be as good as Resident Evil, although very different gameplay of course Zombie Army Trilogy is a cut above the rest."
,Recommended,301640,23945017,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[ZomB],"Haha time to kill nazi zombies. With the way the difficulty settings work (one setting controls aiming and general difficulty while another controls number of enemies) you can have fun on your own or with friends without compromising on gameplay either way.Maps are pretty linear though; definitely not a lot of exploring to do outside of trying to find the hidden items in each level, and your character can't jump unless there's a small wall to vault over."
,Recommended,301640,23939333,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dave1276,Great game much better than i was expectingheres a short gameplay vidhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1NSOB929z4
76561198100299419,Recommended,301640,23929807,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Max,awesome game
76561198152397686,Recommended,301640,24200025,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dont_Trust,no other game can u get the weird satisfaction that is blowing nazi's zombies heads off10/10 would shoot my dad again
76561197965108122,Recommended,301640,24175208,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,PnutButthurt,"For the price, this game is bonkers... Play it with friends or alone its worth it for a quick zombie fix"
,Recommended,301640,24166847,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nathanddave,Giant. Zombie. Hitler.10/10
,Recommended,301640,21893689,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Stoner69er!,"how do i get the update , im having hardcore lag evan on single player i have tryed just about everything from my graphics settings on the laptop to the options in game , nothing seems to be working maybe this update will help?"
76561198143531430,Recommended,301640,21878914,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ciel Sharp,The first time I saw this game was a video from Mr Sark and to be honest it appeared to be somewhat fun. So when a steam sale came up and this game was included I got it and played it for my first time. This game acualy takes a HUGE leap away from other zombie games I have played. This is a good thing mind you. It feels verry rewarding to dome a zombie from over 10 km away. I would recomend this game to anyone out there.
,Recommended,301640,21881263,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,g30rg3_x,Two words: f*cking awesomeEnough said!
,Recommended,301640,21854007,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,XD001,Fantastic to play with friends.
,Recommended,301640,21828208,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,CяeeP,"Get this on sale and if you enjoy the Left for Dead series. Lots of content, fun, and challenging. My only complaint is some of the special zombies. Jetpack sniper zombies, kamakazi zombies, and tanky machine gun zombies are annoying. Feels too empty to play singleplayer.7/10 with coop"
76561198196317915,Not Recommended,301640,20549115,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,raza092,my pc does not like this game at all it keeps freezing need a fix 1. 2 and this game my pc is asus g20  i7 4790  12 gb ram gtx 750 2gb  no other game does this
76561198135281064,Recommended,301640,30718201,Posted: 24 March,all,cell1236,Challenging in general.
76561197965342447,Not Recommended,301640,21849867,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cross,Public community in Australia seems pretty dead.Find friends to play this with before purchasing.
,Recommended,301640,24820321,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ek. lee ji geum,i like it
76561198081420212,Recommended,301640,24788801,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CAPTAIN NAPALMZ,Kicking zombie a## never felt this good 9.8/10
,Recommended,301640,22928303,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,xDraga,Lets keep it short and simple.. Good with friends boring alone. 9/11
76561198174242055,Recommended,301640,22880443,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,Awesome even tho i can't pull the trigger
,Recommended,301640,22878514,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,sʎuʇɥǝʇıɔʍoɹlp,"love it, got it when it was 80% off it is very worth it, at first when i read the description i thought i had to own part 1 and 2 but it turned out it came with them both remastered, with the first two games and ""third chapter"" i say it's money well spent even at it's original price, I highly recommend getting it asap."
,Recommended,301640,22879068,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,sirbonneville,"Graphics are good, zombies are hard, guns are MEH. Watch out for the boss with the machinegun. You have to blow him  up."
,Recommended,301640,22890640,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Chrispy,It's basically CoD zombies with the Sniper Elite 3 Engine and some extra stuff added in to make it more adaptable to the major change in style of gameplay from somewhat stealthy sniper cover and shoot game to this more hold down a position and shoot down waves of zombies as they come at you. I found it very difficult and I think it's the sort of game that you don't recieve the full experience unless you have some friends to play with. But if you like CoD Zombies and you like sniping this is the game for you.
76561198076598462,Recommended,301640,22891218,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Tri Paloski,"Great game, the 80% discount was totally worth it. Love the slow mo cam XD!"
76561198027873867,Recommended,301640,22886022,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,I got it on sale for less than $10. I think it's worth it. I only play horde mode though; don't really care much for the campaign. It's fun when you play with people that aren't garbage.
,Recommended,301640,22887964,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"I am actually amazed. I had played Sniper Elite V2, and it was one of my favorite games of all time. It was incredible. I never got Sniper Elite 3 though, but, this game was on sale, so I said why not? It seemed like a generic horde shooter. Instead, it actually is quite bleak and darkPros-Great Graphics-Intense Gameplay-Bleak Visuals and atmosphere-X Ray Cam-Singleplayer and Co OpCons-A bit too hard at times-Bad that they locked the third episode behind this trilogy.Overall, I would give this a 9/10. It is very fun and I recommend it. However, it is a bit hard to recommend it at $44.99, especially when you can get better games cheaper or wait for a sale to get brand new games at this price. I say wait for a sale, or a small discount. It is a bit pricey."
,Recommended,301640,22872121,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lethro.,Pretty fun game. I even enjoyed playing with randoms. Runs with 100+ fps with no super sampling on with ultra settings. I have 16 gb ram gtx970 and fx 8350
,Recommended,301640,22874695,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PelicanBox,"Zombies, nazis, sniper rifles... and all the head shots. These are the ingredients for a 10/10 game."
,Recommended,301640,27994541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Murshed Poturdurrs,"Zombie Army Trilogy. CoD Nazi Zombies + Sniper Elite. It has ZOMBIE HITLER! TAKE MY MONEY!!!Zombie Army Trilogy is one of those single track focus games that knows EXACTLY what it is and doesn't try to be anything else. Compelling story and character development? There is a story, but it's as hamfisted and corny as a B-movie horror script. There are characters, each with about as much personality as a slab of drywall (they legit don't have a single line of dialogue!). No, this game focuses on one thing only: killing Nazi Zombies. You get a trusty WWII rifle, piles of explosives, 15 story missions and a 5 map horde mode filled with metric butt-tons of undead Nazis (and zombie Hitler) that you'll have to shoot, stomp and gibb straight back to Hell. And it lets you do it with the full glory of Sniper Elite's X-Ray killcams, 4 player co-op support, and an atmosphere oozing with over the top grindhouse horror. It's ludicrous, indulgent, vapid, and hella fun. Seriously, what more could you ask for from this title? (Did I mention this game has ZOMBIE HITLER)?Bottom line: Do you like killing Nazi Zombies? Do you like doing that over and over with your friends? Do you like tasteless gore? Do you want some mindless, melon-popping fun? If so, this is the game for you. If not, you aren't missing a thing here, seriously. While the asking price MAY be kinda meh for some, it's totally worth it to pick this up on sale (9 bucks was a steal for me). Grab some buddies and waste the undead Reich!"
,Recommended,301640,27888528,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Smarmy's Pizza,"Amazing Game! Many people hate it becaue it is ""hard"" or they don't like the 3rd person view don't give it a good enough chance. It is challenging game but not to the point of it being annoying.If any of you want to play the campagin with me. Add me on steam : )"
76561198308449788,Recommended,301640,27945800,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FrequentFlyer //E,Great game!!!
,Recommended,301640,27906721,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Worvern Scar,Zombies. No go have fun.
76561198030746222,Recommended,301640,27448059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NP.PM,zombie with sniper? this is the best zombie game that keep me from playing again and again
,Recommended,301640,27445525,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BlightPatrol,lol
76561198119445314,Recommended,301640,27588334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ObeeWanJacobi,Shoot zombie nazi's. also some cool other zombie variations. huge replay potential.
76561198266996416,Recommended,301640,27588714,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A_FATass,very fun for sniper and zombie game enthusiasts. its also a great game for lan partys. this game is both challanging and fun to play.
76561198236381930,Recommended,301640,27625670,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BJP,How To Kill A Zombie!1.Choose Your Weapon2.Aim At The Head3.Don't Miss (or it will eat your brain)
,Recommended,301640,28261400,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,crisgrossi,"Zombie Army Trilogy is a Shooter placed in a closed scenario. The game makes you follow a path in order to advance to the next objective. There are many control points to save the progress. You can use three types of gun. A Rifle, a Shotgun and a Pistol. I loved to use the Sniper Rifles to kill the zombies. It´s amazing.But.....the game freaks me out...the background sounds can give goosebumps.Imagine playing in headphones like i did... in the dark. Zombies screaming....that♥♥♥♥♥♥was real man.When you use the sniper rifle and zoom the gun, a heart beating noise comes up...increasing, and pulsating...harder, harder, harder....till i have a heartattack.♥♥♥♥♥♥ It scares me out.The game is fun. Nice graphics and movements. Did i mention Sniper Rifles? Shotguns? yeah.Oh. I forgot. You kill zombies...but not ordinary ones. NAZI ZOMBIES!My cardiac pacemaker is being tested in HARD MODE.Bip. Bip. Biiiiiip. Biiiiiiiiiiip. STUCK. Bip.I have to make a comparison. Zombie Army is a scary game that makes playing DOOM feels like playing Mario Kart."
76561198047705130,Recommended,301640,28230478,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MattBiv,Very fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,301640,28229060,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gundam Meister,Fun for the whole family.
,Recommended,301640,28266165,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GraphicX,"Love the way they've reused all the maps/weapons/mechanics & given it this massive facelift.There are obvious horde modes etc, but the actual campaign does have a story (kinda) & the actual game play is solid enough to keep you coming back til the end.Graphics are lovely, WW2 atmosphere is as good as ever, maybe more so with the extreme level of decay added in this remake/refresh.Buy it."
,Recommended,301640,28266989,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,<3 Shadow Six,"THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER!Too damn difficult to play alone.Get more people to play this online!It's scary AF I promise.You will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself, or your money back! Hahahaha :D"
76561197970390752,Recommended,301640,28125113,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bob,Hands down the best Zombie shooter ever made.10/10
,Recommended,301640,28010739,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Anthony Roger,UNCLE SAM WANT YOU KILL ALL NAZIS ZOMBIEJOIN US NOW!
76561198146432464,Recommended,301640,28072550,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PanzerPiel,"Really fun, love the easter eggs, and really chilling levels as you fight for survival."
,Recommended,301640,28141958,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MOnkEyMaN,I just wish more of my buddys would buy this game so we could do co-op
,Recommended,301640,28313308,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,arup,An absolute zombie kick♥♥♥♥♥game. Kick their♥♥♥♥♥.....or you`ll get yours kicked!
76561198157714404,Recommended,301640,28301417,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Apoc.alex,"I got this game on the sale, for £5.99! and for that price i cannot complain at all - ive had a blast with this game. It really is one of those addictive destroy all zombies games that even though can be a bit repetitive with a lot of the missions being survive at this place, clear out this place, not once did i really feel bored enough to tab out.At the time of writing ive got 22 hours on record and im halfway through the last episode, so theres a lot of content. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good third person shooter, intriguing story, addictive and simplistic gameplay and mashing the 'howdly doodly' out of zombies!! haha XD"
76561198203126957,Recommended,301640,30939844,Posted: 4 April,all,viiger,"This game is awesome, lots of shooting, explosions and flying limbs. I have only played two player co-op and this is a fun game to play with your friend(s). Bosses can be really challenging, depending on the difficulty of course."
,Recommended,301640,27618888,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hailurez,My favorite thing is the sniper rifle doubles as a better close range weapon with better accuracy than all the close range weapons the game gives you.
,Recommended,301640,27829616,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,v1ps1sme,The game says it all: Sniper Elite + Zombies. You get the Slow Motion of Sniper Elite and the zombie massacre. Fun game to play solo + coop.
76561198194075847,Recommended,301640,26371102,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Dumb Rat,This game is fun. The multiplayer is good too.
,Recommended,301640,27756045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Real,"Beware, Nazi Zombies Incoming..."
,Recommended,301640,27775725,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bruce Vullis,"One of the best, underrated zombie games out there. Hey, you get to battle a massive zombie Hitler..."
76561198071546928,Recommended,301640,27754690,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Comrade Artyom,Its just a good game ♥♥♥♥ing play it. Also it's super well optimized.
,Recommended,301640,27764177,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hot Tub Tony,This game is very fun to play with friends and challenging. It will run on most systems with ease and the graphics are amazing!
76561198090246485,Recommended,301640,27653228,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir Tricky,"if you love the sniper games and love zombie games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,301640,27653513,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Devlim,Feel very satifiy when you able watch your bullet go through the enemy body espailly brain :D
76561198165084050,Recommended,301640,27678288,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ting_91,This is tha 3th shooter with zombies and the zombies are nazies. The story could be better and more deeper. The story line is blank but the game play is so good that you will forget about the story. Some time there were so many zombies in the map that the game was lagging.
76561198053059380,Recommended,301640,18877018,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,sheppy,Beat the 3rd chapter on my own on sniper elite.10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥myself whenever i saw a gunner zombie.
,Recommended,301640,18901661,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MR.JACK,awsome game like sniper elite but with zombies
76561198084105782,Recommended,301640,18896161,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Synesthesia,"Fun on multiplayer, a little repetative solo.  Already stated by others, but difficulty level swings wildly when mini-bosses appear."
76561198048294824,Recommended,301640,30590637,Posted: 18 March,all,Ryan T Bag,"lots of fun, when the bundle goes on sale it is absolutely worth it, especially if you have enough people to play coop"
76561198196918785,Recommended,301640,18851274,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,huntstheman,"""Is it Call Of Duty: Zombies? Yes, and no.""-Barack Obama""This game is great and will make you want the apocalypse!""-Jake From State Farm""It's like Left 4 Dead 2 had a baby with Call Of Duty: Zombies""-John CenaI like this game a lot. Complex combat and fun missions.PROS+Great combat+Fun team survival horror+If Call Of Duty: Zombies was a full out game+Worth every penny you spend+Highly addictiveCONS-WAY to much resembalence to L4D2 and COD: Zombies-Difficult unless you have people with youOVERALL9/10I love this game a lot. Pop the heads off of zombies while finding fuel, to getting into something called a safehouse, and having it be filled with ammo and weapons (L4D2 anyone?). Must get for any zombie lover."
76561198061461699,Recommended,301640,18898659,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,KrazedKurb,This is a very good game. Especially if it is on sale. The enemies are cool and it is something cool and new.
,Recommended,301640,18906286,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,vbmagus1980,Great Gameplay. Great Graphics. Wish you could get more info/stats on the weapons but thats really nit-picking there.
76561198004312918,Not Recommended,301640,18844720,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,THE-KILLERS,it get dc very often
,Not Recommended,301640,18824506,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BViTAMiN,"Cant play this game, the camera keeps spinning to the left and slightly upwards..."
,Recommended,301640,18833050,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BloodNDeception,"3 games in 1 for it's price is great, along with the fact that these games have been remastered & still look & play as good as it does is enough to want to buy it."
76561198344291474,Recommended,301640,29438203,Posted: 22 January,all,NiGhTmArE,funny
,Not Recommended,301640,29436994,Posted: 22 January,all,Toxic,Meh
,Recommended,301640,29437813,Posted: 22 January,all,Sin,"Great game in my opinion, not for everyone.  4 Player Coop is fun too, but it's hard to find people unless you know them.  Can be played on your own easily too.  Difficulty is varried, on hard mode the scope depends on wind, gravity, distance, etc.  Can get repetetive if playing for a long period of time but overall it's excellent i say."
76561198295578255,Recommended,301640,29422557,Posted: 22 January,all,overcooked.doggo,fun
76561198049847233,Recommended,301640,23899214,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TR@PG0D GUCCI MANE $$$$$,the game isn't too demanding and still looks greatit's very fun so far i've played so if you're on the fence just get the game.there might be a review somewhere stating the game is dead but i've had no trouble getting into any games.
,Recommended,301640,23902951,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jagadhie,"Best CO-OP Third person Zombie game since Left 4 dead 2.Definitely worth it on sale, but its still worth it on the normal price..Graphics : 10/10Atmosphere : 10/10 its just so terrifying..Enemy variant : 8.5/10 not too much but it have a pretty good variationStory : 7/10 the story is short, but its not a story based game. its gameplay based game.Gameplay : 10/10 Its intense, you need to be on alert every time.. and every chapter is terrifying,intense especially eps.3This game is designed for co-op play, solo playing isn't as fun as playing co-op. BUT. you can still have fun solo with the easiest difficulty. the game set the zombie spawn automatically for you based on the player count.More player more zombie. Less player less zombie.Definitely worth it.Kicking skeleton simulator, Running from chainsaw simulator, looking for sniper simulator, the simulator of simulator.Total score is : 8.5/10.Best zombie killing experience i ever had since left 4 dead 2."
,Recommended,301640,23902928,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FRØSTB1TE2769,"best coop third person game everi recomend you guys buy this, even this is not on sale its still worth it on the normalthe graphic is awesome the atmosphere is realistic, enemy variant 10/10the sound effect is mind blowing,the story is kind off short but every chapter its so intense.gameplay its intense you need to be on alert every chapter.i highly recomended this game.the characther is cool and awesome.play this at night for best experience.if you like kind off worl war 2 and zombies you must buy this game.this game is AWESOME."
,Recommended,301640,23842828,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Thomasmalibu,"i never got round to playing this game before and saw it on the steam summer sale so why not, game is brilliant runs on best settings on my alienware alpha no problems at all. its better to play with your mates cause this game can be quite difficult at certain points at least thats what i thought. its a must buy for sniper elite fans and for zombie fans :) buy it you wont regret it"
,Recommended,301640,24107277,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,EZ$$,"Absolutely fantastic game, fell in love from the start."
,Recommended,301640,24144868,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Merim,"Very fun zombie shooting game, theres also left 4 dead and left 4 dead 2 characters in it!If you love left 4 dead 2, you may end up loving this as well."
,Recommended,301640,24149520,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,elwaffle,"This is a game that sells itself.  Take the fun x-ray, ball busting, skull exploding fun of the Sniper Elite games, and now give nice juicy zombies to penetrate with depleted uranium... This one is a ton of fun and a good deal for the price."
76561198114151347,Recommended,301640,28878792,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cursed Figure,This game is really fun and its even better if you play it with friends!
,Recommended,301640,28862920,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nerd Of The Force,"Now I no longer have to suffer playing the short co-op camp. in Sniper Elire III with just one of my friends! This is the next best thing to a zombie horde game to be completely honest! I've only put in 4 hours, but plan to get in several more with other pals of mine on this. The combination of WW2, zombies, sniping, and co-op is beyond awesome, and it's 100 times better playing with your friends. Not sure about the price of it though, I feel 45 bucks is a little steep for the game for all that it offers you. I'd call it more of a $30 at most. But if you find it on sale for 9 bucks, it's a total steal!10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥zombies again!"
,Recommended,301640,28858683,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FBarajas21,"If like Zombies, and Sniping you must get this game. Is a must play."
76561198009239099,Recommended,301640,25716516,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Slimdbaggsox,"I love sniper games and i love zombie games aswell, what more can you ask for!!! :D"
76561198041234990,Recommended,301640,29155204,Posted: 9 January,all,viper_2029,This game's definitely a different take on co-op zombie survival. Not as fast-paced as L4D2 but definitely requires good teamwork and precision to get through the levels.1 suggestion for improvement: Enhance the sound quality of the weapons.Superb game!
,Recommended,301640,28736452,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sketpical001,It is a fun game. I wish there were more cut scenes but the slow motion effects when skulls and body parts explode  keep me interested when I get a well-aimed shot.
76561197975876240,Recommended,301640,29099796,Posted: 7 January,all,<cuxxX>skinbo,SIMPLY AWESOME DEATH AND DESTRUUCTIION BUY IT NOW !!!
,Recommended,301640,29255862,Posted: 14 January,all,Beetlejuice Green,spoopy zombies 10/10
,Recommended,301640,30025852,Posted: 18 February,all,Victoria,"Well,for started. I gotta say this game really good but not the best. I recommend this for anyone who wanna play multiplayer/co-op game. I love how dark the game is, its like you play horror game but with your friend."
,Recommended,301640,30113424,Posted: 22 February,all,Randomman96,"Quite underrated and underapreciated in my opinion.A Zombie shooter done really well with new AI for the zombies, as well numerous new enemy types (each with their own different style), using the Sniper Elite V2 engine.  Throw in numerous selectable characters (including all 8 L4D survivors for some reason), ALL Sniper Elite V2 weapons, inlcuding the DLC ones (sans Welrod, but you won't need it), as well as three new weapons (Two shotguns and a Panzerfaust), and all levels unlocked with flexible enemy scaling based off players (which you can change to strengthen or weaken the challenge), and you've got a great game to kill time with friends."
,Recommended,301640,30123758,Posted: 23 February,all,Yarrick,Nice killcams and revolves around sniping. The variety of zombies keeps the game interesting and the co-op makes the game more fun. Defo worth getting but not so sure on full price however. Got the game for a measly RM17 ( it's prolly less than 4USD) so can't complain about it.Also a must have for zombie fans
,Recommended,301640,20741355,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,zom arm trig,It's a game about zombies.
,Recommended,301640,30069710,Posted: 20 February,all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe,"getting this on sale is a bargain. really really good for the price, just get it ok?popping heads left and right but raging when screwing up the combo.always played at higher difficulty and must say it took about 5 goes to complete some parts!stunning graphics too and really smooth gameplay."
,Recommended,301640,30007674,Posted: 18 February,all,RyuCaelum,it was okay
,Recommended,301640,30011488,Posted: 18 February,all,Smodzilla,"Rather glitchy, albeit fun once it actually decides to run. Z.A.T. is great co-op fun, but runs into desync issues nearly everytime I have played it with friends."
76561198177981045,Recommended,301640,29989390,Posted: 17 February,all,Sweet Du,gud game
,Recommended,301640,29534554,Posted: 27 January,all,Slojoe17or76,What's more fun than blowing up zombie testicles in 3 fun co-op games?
,Recommended,301640,29454673,Posted: 23 January,all,farFallen,"this game is amazing! its not for the faint of heart, this game will put a strain on your skills:)huge waves at a time also 4 players means 4x the zombies!"
,Recommended,301640,29429621,Posted: 22 January,all,Shiverskill,"If you own Nazi Zombie Army 1 or 2: Get on saleIf you dont own Nazi Zombie Army 1 or 2: Get this game because it comes with 1 and 2A fun zombie shooter with a campaign that spans across three games. X ray cam, slow mo, different types of enemies, hordes of zombies, and a few different guns to try out and use (praise the Preacher).Important notes: this game is based mainly around sniper rifles, automatic weapons will have massive spread, headshots are king, there is a LOT of imagery based around the occult, and there is a LOT of gore.Overall, get this game if you dont have the first two in the series (because it has them included) and if you like killing lots and lots of zombies with three friends in a very satanic backdrop of WW2."
,Recommended,301640,29460650,Posted: 24 January,all,ImCippa,Easily The Best Zombie Game I Have Ever Played!
76561198042594362,Recommended,301640,29457090,Posted: 23 January,all,61hotel,"Okay...imagine ""black ops 2 zombies "" meets ""left 4 dead 2"" and ""sniper elite"". Oh and it's in ww2. Kind of crazy, I know but it will certainly grow on you. It basically boils down to a semi-linear campaign mode, and a horde mode. There are a variety of weapons and explosives at your disposal. In the campaign, hitler has unleashed his final plan; a zombie apocalypse. It is up to you and up to 4 friends to stop the outbreak. Horde mode is...well horde mode. Hold out as long as possible. The game has a point system so that you can compete with your friends while playing. You can build up headshot combos and multi-kills and so on to keep a competitive spirit. However, you must all still work together to survive every level. It is a charming, challenging gore-fest for you to enjoy with you friends. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,301640,29433811,Posted: 22 January,all,Cult Master Britchs,Not enuff animal loving nor tree huggin ;(
,Recommended,301640,29447618,Posted: 23 January,all,Mirelly,i fell inlove with this game..Its so fun its so addictive there are so many people playing you will never be alone ;) And also..No any griefers/hackers :D ! Highly recommended :)
76561198003596091,Recommended,301640,29402795,Posted: 21 January,all,xLordofmolotov,"Ok, this a temporarily fun co-op zombie hoarde shooter, but is appropriately soulless. Glad I got this in a sale."
,Recommended,301640,29404285,Posted: 21 January,all,LethalUnDeaD,want to see some heads explode with a bullet that's shot from kilometers away??play this!
,Recommended,301640,29404537,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Offensive,"Amazing fun as well as a challenge, I love the game but would recommend you get it on sale like I did. Best $9 I ever spent."
76561198182579543,Recommended,301640,29610552,Posted: 31 January,all,Jun Snuw,well played :)
,Recommended,301640,29582156,Posted: 30 January,all,Domaho,played this and then got accused of hacking in CS:GO :D10/10 love it
,Recommended,301640,29614798,Posted: 31 January,all,RUFU5,"Hitler: We have lost the war. I'm going to turn all of my fallen troops into a zombie hoard. If I cannot rule the world, then the dead shall have it as their own!Allied snipers: are you sure?"
76561198275971495,Recommended,301640,29572068,Posted: 29 January,all,vanessa,i found the game play very good. althrough the repetitive play from from scence to another  can be  bit boring. I would have thought at a certain point they could have put a save point in to this as having to start from the start to get to the end is very long and tedious in my view. however i am enjoying playing co op with my friend and having a laugh at the head shots great.  also when u unlock achievements u don't see what they are as ur busy staying alive  we have so far got up to the catherdral part and we been playing for a week :)
,Recommended,301640,22881814,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,WiLLY:S™,"*NOTE* I HAVE ONLY PLAYED IN SINGLEPLAYER, SO I CAN'T REALLY REVIEW THE MUTLIPLAYER!Only played chapter 1 and I'm already soldGood controls.Good graphics.Good sound/music.Can get a little ridiculous with living skeletons and boss zombies using guns.Slowmotion X-ray killcam = ♥♥♥♥ing in my pantsMy only dislike are the characters.While they do have names and backstories, they don't deliver anything new to the table.Would've LOVED IT if the characters said some one liners or any line for that matter.Overall, i would recommend this. I also got this 80% off which is ridiculously cheap!"
,Recommended,301640,29577916,Posted: 29 January,all,BBP,Using long range sniper rifles shoot slow moving zombies at the short distances in order to see some head X-ray
,Recommended,301640,29384068,Posted: 20 January,all,Dar1usz,Very nice game.
,Recommended,301640,29381104,Posted: 20 January,all,Krünchy Zeirus,"Now is the time to buy. Awesome coop zombie slayin', lets effin go!"
,Recommended,301640,29289273,Posted: 15 January,all,KPN,This game is really great after you get over the fact that you cannot jump.  Buy it!  One of the best zed games I've played.
,Recommended,301640,29481627,Posted: 25 January,all,Black Goku,Awesome game and if you have friends to play with it's even better.
76561198168154268,Recommended,301640,29526065,Posted: 27 January,all,CloudyWolf,"Purchased game on sale for like £5...Completely hooked! This game is awesome! It's really hard to get into at first as it requires a bit of skill but the more you play the better you get and learn the tactics and strategies for bosses and various parts of the levels. Didn't think this game would have such a good community either, so that was surprising, Regularly play a few rounds with people met in game. I would say this game is worth the money at full ratail. Never played any of the Sniper Elite series, but definately concidering it if it's like this...minus the zombies obviously.The only downside to this game is sometimes checkpoints glitch and you can't complete the round so you have to restart from last checkpoint, also the secondary weapons are just dreadful!P.s. Am I the only one that things the Webley could do with a speed loader?"
,Recommended,301640,29481025,Posted: 25 January,all,Rovenlock,"it's ok i guess, but very repetitivefun with friends though"
76561198119199438,Recommended,301640,29480679,Posted: 25 January,all,PlanetGreen,"Zombies? Cool. How about nazi zombies? Awesome.As i progressed it just got worse and worse.. BUT finally i beat the game. It was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but worth it.I have to mention however, it was strange that an RPG barely did any damage to a ballistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for example(you know, the sort of boss fight. Elite guardian was it?)Try playing it in coop with a friend and instead of having default enemy spawn setting, set it on 2 player. It's near impossible to beat in certain places.Kicking doesn't always function for me, so better to press twice. Sometimes checkpoints couldn't be reached for some reason and oh a skeleton was halfway in the ground stuck, killed it and checkpoint. There were some odd deaths at times. Odd, because i was standing still for about 2 seconds and just collapsed. I guess we are not to stand still too long there and i agree, but still.Despite those minor issues, i highly recommend this game.I was Francis the entire time, because yeah i hate zombies."
76561198054488122,Recommended,301640,29475279,Posted: 24 January,all,sam,i like the game but one issue is the fps drop when a horde of zombies show up
76561198050099268,Recommended,301640,29683241,Posted: 3 February,all,ScottMil,Well worth it. Great gun play and a blast to play with a friend Co-Op through the campaign. Some may think its repetative but the combo and score system keeps it interesting espeically with a friend.
,Recommended,301640,29680563,Posted: 3 February,all,Raygun30,ive got a zombie army and you cant harm me...wait wrong game
,Recommended,301640,29934218,Posted: 14 February,all,Mobile Games Master Race,Great game to play with friends and good fun by yourself.
,Recommended,301640,29933079,Posted: 14 February,all,Sabmerk,My only real problem with this game was my idiot mate forgot to click continue and we had to start the whole mission again.
76561197972664448,Recommended,301640,29858265,Posted: 11 February,all,ela,Awesome sniper game
,Recommended,301640,29823230,Posted: 10 February,all,Gwynbleidd,Great Game
76561198076498784,Recommended,301640,29431496,Posted: 22 January,all,Cyber Heroes,"I only played this game for 75 hrs.  It was fun but more fun with more players.   Good classic style in HD quality graphic.  I like it..Good if only is on sale. $5 is good buy, even  $10 is still okay to buy but  Full price no way  because people will expect more from the game for what they pay for full price.  Is not a lot of players but we will always some players online.  One more thing in this game is that if it not human and is not your friend kill it, or it will kill you.  yes it scary game.  love the music back ground.   PC game don't get old eazy, and we buld a computer to last.   I will recommend this game only if it on sale.  The only complain is that sound problem when record.  less than a movie ticket so enjoy it for good $ 9 game."
,Recommended,301640,29634886,Posted: 1 February,all,Daredevilpt,"This is the best series to play with friends, in my opinion. It's fun, very difficult at times, but rewarding when you manage to finish a chapter. Personally, I prefer this setting to L4D. If you want to a game to play through a campaign with a friend, choose this one."
76561198053185508,Recommended,301640,29634961,Posted: 1 February,all,Bagheera,"Awesome game, just wish more poeople played. Online coops a bit dead."
76561198012071265,Recommended,301640,30581238,Posted: 17 March,all,WoodenDOOM,"+Good graphics, classic sniper elite kills n' stuff, but with zombs.The worst I can say about this one is that it gets a lil repetitive, but that's kind of reaching for a neg. All vidya games are repetitive.8/10"
76561198047215342,Recommended,301640,31093716,Posted: 12 April,all,Kerfuffle,"Zombie Army Trilogy has become one of my favorite games of all time. What originally got me into it was it's familiarity to COD Zombies, and to my surprise, ZAT turned out to be way better!Killing enemies in this game is a very satisfying experience. While the game's main aspect is sniping, you also have a bunch of secondary weapons and explosives in your possession to spice things up, such as shotguns, machine guns, pistols, grenades, dynamite and so on. Each weapon has it's ups and downs, and it's always interesting to try out a new loadout each time you play. Once you get the gist of it, it becomes real fun to try and break your combo highscore by headshotting as many zombies in a row as possible. It feels so good just keep poppin' zombies one after another, get multiple kills with one shot or to land an explosive right at the center of a zombie horde and blow them all up at once. The game is just a fun and crazy party of zombie destruction madness.The game has the perfect atmosphere for a zombie apocalypse. The levels are all beautifully crafted to be really spooky and are full of detail, and are accompanied by great lighting effects and awesome synth music. The levels are mostly like tunnels, but for a game like this, they work really well and occasionally have secret areas filled with loot.My only gripe with this game is that it could have more variety. The bosses especially feel repetitive, as there are only a few different types that repeat as the game progresses. The game can start to feel kind of lazy, but that's why it's best to play it about 30 minutes a pop. Nevertheless, I keep coming back to it daily and I find it to be a great way to relieve stress. I've played it through about three times now with all difficulty modes, and it never gets old.The online and co-op features exists and seem to be all stable and good, but I can't comment much on them as I've only played singleplayer mode for the most part.Anyways, if you're a fan of shooters, go buy this game. It's totally worth the full price."
76561198198847683,Recommended,301640,30204475,Posted: 26 February,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME!!!
,Recommended,301640,26459844,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,azure,10/10best game to play when in berserk mode ;]good sfx.
,Recommended,301640,28548906,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,WatchingPornEcksDee,I will say that the game is good.There are x-ray shots in the game and its very cool. But i played only 25 mins so i cant really know everythingbut my game crash (and crash my computer)  and i have a good computer
76561198153588152,Recommended,301640,30222866,Posted: 27 February,all,Steth,It's an ok game. But its so hard to look for multiplayer games nowadays. Nobody's playing anymore.
76561198105487021,Recommended,301640,30239122,Posted: 28 February,all,Humanized Autism,"Hey, this is a pretty good game.I got it for the sale, since my friends recommended this game a lot, i got it.WWII with gore splattering zombies, hell yeah :D"
,Recommended,301640,28851939,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tallik™,"The game is fun, but much more Fun to play With your friends Instead of by Yourself. I would'nt recommend it by the Price, buy it on sale, and it's kinda the same as The Left 4 Dead Franchise, Good game."
76561198074018997,Recommended,301640,28212640,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,Very fun and challenging! (if you play in Sniper Elite difficulty)But I would definitely recommend you play with a friend or 4.
,Recommended,301640,28215131,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,☯☯EternalShrineMaiden☯☯,">Looks great visually>Optimised>Really fun gameplay>Atmospheric, and pretty creepy>A real blast in co-opThat's IF you can find people who still play the game that is. Single player is decent but really the game shines in co-op. It's really a shame that not many people play this game anymore, it's sometimes a miracle to find a session.But in terms of quality, it is definitely a recommend even though the fun factor is stifled with an almost dead community."
,Recommended,301640,28209186,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"It's a gory third-person shooter with Nazi-zombies and an 80's style in music and visuals. It's fun alone and with more people, because more Zombies. I'll give this one a Zombie-Hitler mustache/10"
76561198184026265,Recommended,301640,28729509,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MASSIVE LEGEND HERE,This is coming from someone who's only played an hour and never touched multiplayer.  But so far it's really freaking good.Pro's~Makes you feel like a badass~Constanly keeps you on the edge of your seat~You don't need a gaming PC to run it~I can play the game smoothly on ultra settings on my laptop~X-Ray kill cams are so much more satisfying then mortal kombat~You don't need to unlock weapons or missionsCon's~Horde mode its pretty dam hard~Weapons are unbalanced and don't do much damage~You can't quick scope m8~kinda repetitive8.5/10 would recommend
,Recommended,301640,28712985,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wuhu,Most fun zombie shooter I've played
76561198025779893,Recommended,301640,28804686,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SC59,Everyone hates nazis.  Everyone hates zombies.  hate + hate = lovely game
76561198091381366,Recommended,301640,28678679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R.(Skinhub.com),This game is awesome.I recommend it!!!!!!
,Recommended,301640,28664829,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Скаут Снайпер,10/10 Would noscope hitler again.
76561198015794547,Recommended,301640,28690362,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Velikan,"10 times better than original Sniper Elite 3 in most of its aspects, excluding, for sure, an opportunity to be stealthy in SE 3. Worth its money on 75-80% sale with no doubts."
,Recommended,301640,28690552,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,D4C,"To be Really and i mean REALLY honest, a game never make me feel so ""Scared"" i think that's the word, maybe sounds like a ♥♥♥♥♥ i know but i'm Honest this game it's so random you never expect the next wave and if u do surprise anyway you are gonna say, ""Men What The ♥♥♥♥, where that came from"" in a very personal opinion it's great game nice history a little bit weird, LmaoAlso I Love The X-RayCool Game Thanks Rebelion it's one of the best Sagas before Star Wars, well after they came out with Battlefron"
,Recommended,301640,29225643,Posted: 13 January,all,triumphjdk,"At first this game seemed hard to me.... but i have now grown to love it... so underrated in my opinion, a must buy.."
76561198299349754,Recommended,301640,29207659,Posted: 12 January,all,scyllaisspooky,Gr8 game 10/10
,Recommended,301640,29209733,Posted: 12 January,all,Hugh Jass,"Honestly it's a lot of fun. You run around killing zombies with a wide array of rifles, submachine guns and shotguns, pistols, and explosives. Pretty fun to play with friends. The base price for the game of 44.99 is wayyyyyy too much for this, even though it includes three games. If you're insterested in it, wait until a sale as it usually goes down to 9.99, which is what I got it for.Pros:+Pretty good graphics+Gibs are awesome+Variety of different zombies to fight+Weapon variety+Decently optimized+Bosses are pretty cool+The bullet cam is really cool to see+Environments are great+You can play as Left 4 Dead charactersCons:-The bullet cam, while nice to see, can happen way too often on the default setting. I recommend turning down a notch in the game settings-Hitboxes seem to be a bit wonky. I've had instances where I'm scoped in on a zombie aiming directly at its head, and the hit doesn't register-Ran into a glitch where I had to open a door to proceed about half way through a level and I didn't have an option to open the door no matter what I did. Ended up having to restart the entire level, then I was able to open it. This has happened on a few occasions in different levels. Always seemed to happen around half way through a level.Overall it's a pretty fun game that's even more fun with friends. Get it on sale if you want it. 44.99 is just too steep for this game. Solid 7/10 game"
,Recommended,301640,30319531,Posted: 4 March,all,St_Winter,Game is a blast to play solo or with friends!
76561198013081794,Recommended,301640,31394206,Posted: 27 April,all,Slykill,"Excellent and a must have game.Added characters takes you to memory lane of Left 4 dead and Left 4 Dead 2  the fast pace action intensifies on each level.Xray is a mind blowing achievement and a bragging rights to hold.Awards and collectibles in game .Want a great day shooting Zombies and blowing  them up as a mass,here it is.Get a group and work as a team to reach all levels and win..just to want  more!!!"
,Recommended,301640,31406824,Posted: 27 April,all,PlayHer,So gooood. Probably the best way to slay zombies with 3 other friends...
76561198271850562,Recommended,301640,31445740,Posted: 29 April,all,Pomohaci,Sniper elite zombie version :D Nice :>
76561198262029742,Recommended,301640,31446981,Posted: 29 April,all,Special Agent Quinoa Flakes,hitler wouldnt take a billion shots to kill 0/10
76561198069175427,Recommended,301640,31428157,Posted: 28 April,all,Phorqued,So much fun popping zombie heads like ripe grapes you won't be able to stop! I am hopeful that they will make a fourth to tie into Sniper Elite 4 but even if they don't I am happy with what we were given already. Keep the ammo full and the zombies dropping!
76561198300305119,Recommended,301640,31473740,Posted: 30 April,all,Travis,"Nice game,good graphics,good environment,and final boss is hilarious.  :)"
,Recommended,301640,31534862,Posted: 3 May,all,GoneZero,It was hell
76561198080805050,Recommended,301640,31840557,Posted: 19 May,all,Jaeger,Much bigger challenge than I expected. I'm loving it!
,Recommended,301640,31854997,Posted: 20 May,all,D_,"Good music, but for me the view from the third person is superfluous."
76561198168918895,Recommended,301640,31844002,Posted: 19 May,all,Recruit4444,Good game
,Recommended,301640,31878598,Posted: 21 May,all,SugarN'Ice,10/10You can no scope Hitler and Nazi zombies
76561198143346669,Recommended,301640,31875483,Posted: 20 May,all,IPetDoges,"I enjoyed the game while I had it, its even more fun with friends. You most likely will get bored of it unless you are into the story. Some parts of this were challengable but doable."
,Recommended,301640,29470855,Posted: 24 January,all,boxman369,Great zombie shooter.
76561198069519112,Recommended,301640,31624421,Posted: 8 May,all,__--__,GODNENKO
,Recommended,301640,31732411,Posted: 13 May,all,hammy2007,zombi's to kill and there nazi's what more can you ask for
,Recommended,301640,27651601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SebyCSGO hellcase.com,"Best Game Ever played. Kill Nazi Zombies Everyday . And i like Co-Op!, More Intense Gameplay <3"
76561198008149534,Recommended,301640,32097727,Posted: 31 May,all,SlacK CaT,Got the trilogyFun gameReally coolAwesome<8.0 out of 10 Stars>
,Recommended,301640,32204449,Posted: 5 June,all,hogscraper,"This game rocks! I bought and played through all three chapters a while back, and due to a back injury, found myself looking for something to fill the time. This second playthrough has been even better than the first! Being able to play through as any of the 8 Left 4 Dead characters has added a whole new feel to the game!First and foremost, this is a sniper game, so if you don't like sniper rifles do not buy it! Most of the pistols are ok but most of the secondary weapons like SMG's are complete garbage and actually hurt your score more than they help. As you play the game, your score is greatly increased by modifiers based on how many consecutive kills you have without any bullets missing their target. Even a short, concentrated burst from a secondary weapon is likely to reset your score streak back to zero. Its not a huge deal, but it feels like it was done on purpose to force you into using the sniper rifles if you want a decent score. While this makes sense, (given that the game is based on Sniper Elite gameplay), it fails horribly when you get stuck in a tight hallway. Most of the time I run low on sniper ammo I end up needing to kite enemies for long distances in the hopes of finding some more ammo. Again, this is only because I'm trying to maximize my score in this second playthrough on Sniper Elite difficulty.I like that they add various pickups around the maps so you have something to hunt down if you want more out of the game. Like the issue above, this really only affects you if you're trying to maximize your score or if your a completionist and they can be ignored if you want.The bullet cam is one of the best parts of the game. Being able to watch a bullet tumble through three different zombies that were on the other side of the map is a super fun addition to a zombie killing game. Only a few times throughout the whole game did I feel overwhelmed. Most of the time you can reposition yourself and keep going. The times this didn't work, it was very satisfying finally figuring out what path I needed to take and who to kill first.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that enjoys laying waste to the hordes of the undead!"
,Recommended,301640,26598310,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Stefan,10/10
76561198126424493,Recommended,301640,33876786,Posted: 29 July,all,✪ Gen[E]ral,"This game is awesome.It has three episodes which contain 5 chapters each , but unfortunatly there are no players for online coop so if you buy it for coop you better have friends to play with."
76561198273541123,Recommended,301640,34036863,Posted: 5 August,all,JORDAN,just bought the game for zoey
,Recommended,301640,34047052,Posted: 5 August,all,PanzernKern,"Zombie Army Trilogy may not do much new in the grand scheme of things, but everything that it does, it does well. Shooting is fun and engaging. The story is slightly silly but it keeps everything together. Enemies are varied and make enjoyable targets. Horde mode is an absolute blast that really makes the multiplayer portion of Zombie Army Trilogy stand out as the true champion."
76561198128899175,Recommended,301640,33928080,Posted: 31 July,all,TheErciyasLar,"Shooting zombies, shooting zombies and shooting zombies. Thats all what this game is. Its fun, of course. Experimenting with different guns, going through a level, finally reaching the safe room. Its a nice game."
,Recommended,301640,34048984,Posted: 5 August,all,Lucifer,"It's pretty simple and I got it in sale, I like it lots. Worth the almost 9$ I spend for it lmao gotta love Nazi Zombies"
76561198280940074,Recommended,301640,34037383,Posted: 5 August,all,Zeus,satistying game
,Recommended,301640,34043839,Posted: 5 August,all,VitiminV,"Nazi zombies are kinda old hat by now, but that doesn't make this game any less fun."
,Recommended,301640,34043196,Posted: 5 August,all,pooshit,"Bloody good fun. Pow, pow!Somehow a not-so-serious game with a simple story is more fun and involving than any nazi or otherwise general zombie game out there. Simple, beautiful, and full of hours of fun.Grab it if you like playing zombie games alone, or if you have a couple friends to play with. There haven't been a lot of people in multiplayer in awhile."
,Recommended,301640,34030833,Posted: 4 August,all,Monaco -iwnl-,"Zombie Army Trilogy is perfect for friends and solo play. It has all the mechanics and controls from Sniper Elite V2, and it works well for waves upon waves of dead nazis."
76561198024229121,Recommended,301640,34021223,Posted: 4 August,all,whenk1234,Pretty fun game. Get it on sale though.
76561198051792254,Recommended,301640,34066162,Posted: 6 August,all,hristo_yordanov,very good
76561198302570935,Recommended,301640,34065170,Posted: 6 August,all,amh2011.ah,"Im a big fan of this game. Love the x-ray kill cam. The graphics are good, gameplay is good. Don't get me wrong, from a compain stand point this game is REALLY repetative. But hey, thats why I bought it. To repeatively make zombie brains explode.The horde mode is fantastic. I love how you can co-op. I also love how you have 2 different difficulty settings. 1 for you, and 1 for the enemy amount."
76561198373294072,Recommended,301640,34050108,Posted: 5 August,all,srgtbusiness,"GREAT GAME, but it keeps crashing as soon as i get too a new checkpoint. other than that its a good game but please fix this"
,Recommended,301640,34071765,Posted: 6 August,all,Projekt34: Your God,This game is one of the best zombie shooter games I have ever played.I just fell in love with this game the first 5 minutes I played it.Totally worth its price!!!
,Recommended,301640,34072218,Posted: 6 August,all,Deygus,This game is fantastic!It is one of my alltime favorite zombie games aside from dead island and I am always up for playing it here and there when I have time.
76561198404405520,Recommended,301640,34071546,Posted: 6 August,all,Ricky_Vee,"I tend to be pretty hard to please when it comes to games. When it comes to ZA - Trlogy, there no exception.This game is INTENSE! Just mowing down hordes of zombies, bullet time headshots, so worth the money.10/10 !!"
76561198209056280,Recommended,301640,34103468,Posted: 8 August,all,MikeSpitFire,i love this game its great but every 10 min to a hour my game will randomly crash if anyone knows how to fix this plz msg me
,Recommended,301640,34099685,Posted: 8 August,all,TenX,"I will be honest, the game is great, it is a perfect shooter that zombies attacks you, there is alot of missions and episodes, BUT, the online matches are not very popular, because the more people love to play solo (i think so) but expect of the online it is a great game.(i found my online matches by forums and alot of trying on the public lobby so if you buy it search forums for online and have fun :D )."
,Recommended,301640,34090304,Posted: 7 August,all,GlitchGhost,STOP READING THESE COMMENTS AND BUY THE GAME!!!!
76561198318376116,Recommended,301640,34095361,Posted: 7 August,all,Nice,"I bought the Zombie Army Trilogy 4-pack, but I'm not sure how to send the copies to my friends. Would anyone know how to do that????"
76561198333349975,Recommended,301640,34113747,Posted: 8 August,all,psychotronpig,"i love this game and if you like mindless zombie killing in the thousands then this game is for you.ive spent hours on this game on the ps4 and now i have a pc i have purchased it again,its just that good."
,Recommended,301640,34111250,Posted: 8 August,all,Yah,it's awesome game
,Recommended,301640,34134154,Posted: 9 August,all,Rintoriki,"Fun game, many zombies, many snipers, much aim."
76561198251195620,Recommended,301640,34279896,Posted: 16 August,all,MalTe,Great Game!
76561198080593301,Recommended,301640,34282387,Posted: 16 August,all,Kaiser squishy,If you like swasticas and satanic imagery then buy it
76561198333425617,Recommended,301640,34339735,Posted: 18 August,all,Duck_Tape # B-Unnies,Dis Game Is Very Perfect at all but If can the X-Rays Is active so cool But Iz Very Far Can it bit closer?
,Recommended,301640,34342313,Posted: 18 August,all,Wrath3094,"If you love the Sniper Elite Franchise and Nazi Zombies from CoD than this is your type of game. Really fun game to play with friends and I would highly recommend that you play this game with a friend or two. It's much more enjoyable and the zombies are relentless depending on how many enemies you've set up. Also the mission to kill Super Zombie Hitler... come on, what more reasons you need to buy this game.Get it on sale and buy some extra copies so you and your friends can enjoy killing some nazi zombies! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,301640,34389553,Posted: 21 August,all,Deivi Augustus Adolphus Bones,"Lot's of fun in multiplayer, so bring friends. Do not expect stealth/sniper gameplay. This is all about trying to survive and barely making it to the end of the level."
76561198262233191,Recommended,301640,34357562,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,GREAT GAME AND FUN TOO.
76561198348073544,Recommended,301640,34342947,Posted: 18 August,all,ROLL-LXX,"As usual, I played this game mostly offline, so I have much more hours in the game, than Steam shows.Awesome 3rd-person horror shooter, great dark atmosphere, good gameplay, natural and easy controls. Fun to play. Looks good in 4K.Love the slow-motion X-ray gore bullet-shots.The game has much more potential, than it is currently developed. Storyline is almost absent. The game is a bit repetitive. Could have more interesting characters and missions with more sense and twists in the gamepleay, than just shoot-em-all/kill the boss/finish another level.The developers could definitely take the game to the new level, because they already have a great game to start with.Anyway, the game is fun, and I recommend it, especially for horror action fans. Atmosphere is just great. Nazi zombies - what a combo!"
76561198134306890,Recommended,301640,34406315,Posted: 21 August,all,deus_extrem,Who doesnt want to kill nazies and zombies. If you dont your eather a nazi or a zombie and those opions dont matter. Defintly pick it up on sale. The graphics are great and the xray kill cam is very satifying.
,Recommended,301640,34436994,Posted: 23 August,all,Batman,"it's honestly a really fun zombie killing game, but its a shame there is hardly no one that plays online it anymore.you get all 3 episodes in this package so just buy this one and not one or two."
,Recommended,301640,34149067,Posted: 10 August,all,Shirozawa,NAZIIIIIII
,Recommended,301640,34155958,Posted: 10 August,all,The 21st Potato,Got it on sale in a 4pack. Fun with friends guaranteed! Only paid 30 bucks for 4 copies and definitely got my money's worth!
,Recommended,301640,34168975,Posted: 11 August,all,I Got Jinxed,"That game is amazing ! Everything that the game contains is very good. Graphics, campaigns, cult horror, bosses, characters of l4d2, guns, places etc... One of my favourite games ;)"
76561198003887731,Recommended,301640,34226317,Posted: 13 August,all,deadboy68,Hell of fun to play.  If you like Left 4 Dead you will like this game.
,Recommended,301640,34150920,Posted: 10 August,all,Noble Six,"I mean what more could you want? Zombies, gore, blood and killing Hitler in a zombified form. This is a f*cking dream come true. Other than that this game is pretty fun and hilariously stupid in a good way. 10/10 lads."
,Recommended,301640,34144879,Posted: 10 August,all,Chupachu,"Very fun game, really enjoying it so far.Pros:Can run well on a lower-end PCGame gets more intense the worse you play (noob friendly)Great game to play with friendsHas a TON of contentCan handle a lot of zombies on screen at a timeResponsive and comfortable controlsHas a really good atmosphereFriendly Fire ;)Cons:Is not very fun singleplayerL4D characters are poorly ported (no voicelines/narrator intro)Very easy for people with good aim(Minor): when sprinting, the camera is forced to move very slowly, is uncomfortable at timesWould highly recommend it, is very fun.  Not worth $45, but definitely worth $9 when it was on sale."
76561198096006627,Recommended,301640,25618384,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,pahuuden_ruhtinas,Great game. There is nothing to complain about. Rare thing. Tens of maps and beautiful graphics stuffed with details. In most ways this is a realistic zombie killing game. Not completely though since there are flying zombies as well etc.
76561198048554605,Recommended,301640,34539935,Posted: 27 August,all,Trash lord,"a fun game in of itself.dont come into this game expecting a good story, considering it is not naritive heavy in the least.if you just want to run around sniping nazi zombies, and eventually hitler, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,301640,34451310,Posted: 23 August,all,_KingKiwi_,"If a slightly harder, slightly more realistic Left 4 Dead where headshots matter sounds like a good game to you I recommend you try this. Also nazis."
,Recommended,301640,34715371,Posted: 3 September,all,2324941520,not bad but not interesting
,Recommended,301640,34707942,Posted: 3 September,all,radday55,A must have for any first person shoot library.  Great gaming engine hats off to the engineers.
,Recommended,301640,34732507,Posted: 4 September,all,vvss,It's on discount and the game is really fun to play with friends.
76561198257517082,Recommended,301640,34732882,Posted: 4 September,all,Satan,This game is so cool and scary and fun at the same time i really recommend it.
76561198382907531,Recommended,301640,34731689,Posted: 4 September,all,ValaK,really a good coop game but the matchmaking took too longer.
,Recommended,301640,34725885,Posted: 3 September,all,Young White,"Smooth gameplay. I like that it makes you take a rifle, and doesn't make SMGs over powered, definitely adds a challenge to the game.  Co-op is really fun, especially trying to compete to see who can rack up the highest combo or most points."
,Not Recommended,301640,34739700,Posted: 4 September,all,Arkyn,"Maybe it was good at the time of release but I hated it.Guns value ranges from terrible to OK at best. Only reliable weapons are snipers which is stupid considering its a game where you constantly get rushed by zombies at close range. Even then, the hit registration is all kinds of buggy so you'll shoot above a zombies left shoulder and his right arm will fly off.Wouldn't recommend."
76561198196645502,Recommended,301640,34739704,Posted: 4 September,all,god_himself,fun
76561198417548028,Recommended,301640,34739374,Posted: 4 September,all,darksol4life,Fun and challenging game with fantastic graphics. Highly reccomnended if you are into third person shooters and zombies. Rebellion are slowly becoming one of my favorite developers.
76561198038871489,Recommended,301640,34735908,Posted: 4 September,all,orabit,This game I can play over and over again with great joy. I have made friends and trolls and have now caused my brother to be obsessed with it as well. its quite soothing once you get into a rhythm. All of the Guns firing sounds are unique and fun to experiment with. I may not always be a Preacher but damn this game if holy
,Recommended,301640,34726417,Posted: 3 September,all,Argo Bargo,"This is a very very fun game to play, very challenging solo but a breeze through coop. The graphics are great, the story is wonderful, and coop is super fun as you meet new players. I would definitely recommend you buying this game."
76561198075673081,Recommended,301640,25683978,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,7521THUNDER,"Zombie Army Trilogy puts Call of Duty Zombies to shame. It makes it look like the biggest sack of garbage you could ever imagine. The seriousness in this game is phenomenal, and its gore system is beyond incredible. Getting to see your bullets every once in a while perform the ""Mortal Kombat X-RAY"" style effect is amazing. Gravity will be your b###h, and you will learn to like it, one way or another.You will die playing this... and you will enjoy it. Enemies don't have the same stupid strategy every time, like they do in COD.  You will be challenged over and over again, and when you think you have hit the hardest part, you will be blown away again and again. The story is great, and its one hell of a ride. Its music keeps you on the edge of your feet, and is truly perfected.95 / 100THIS IS WHAT ZOMBIES ARE MEANT TO BE!Overall, best Steam Summer Sale purchase of the year, and it is a game that will truly blow your mind. Every. Damn. Minute."
,Recommended,301640,34765376,Posted: 5 September,all,17,"The Game is awesome! Only if my PC was good to run it, i'm gonna be a monster while playing it.It's incredible game, I love it !"
,Recommended,301640,34760898,Posted: 5 September,all,Super-kun,Awesome gameplay. Base in a true to life story. 10/10 for history. Buy this game.
,Recommended,301640,34767784,Posted: 5 September,all,POP SAG,Multiplayer is dead. But campaign is still alright.
,Recommended,301640,34757215,Posted: 5 September,all,INVINCIBLE,还可以 玩的很嗨
,Recommended,301640,34760875,Posted: 5 September,all,MarKo BlanCo,"Killing Floor 1 & 2, Left 4 Dead 2 is mostly what I play which makes this game is a must have for people like me. It's a bit more horror than those games but still really good. I like that it has stories with the maps and the game. Looks fantastic! The background music is awesome! Kind of like a retro 80's horror theme to it, Really cool. Hd no issues running the game was at 100+fps most of the time.One thing I don't like is that if the host quits, you have to restart at the last check point. It's not too much of a big deal since the check points are not that far back but still sucks having to do it another 5 or so mins. Not enough to dislike the game.other then that, good game happy with my purchase. This game is actually really scary playing alone, in the dark with headphone."
76561198002641824,Recommended,301640,34237659,Posted: 14 August,all,Play Pretend,"One of the best Zombie Nazi games you could ever ask for, and its totally awesome."
,Recommended,301640,34244408,Posted: 14 August,all,Ethan #FREETAYK,Good for the price i got it for on sale
76561198078393821,Not Recommended,301640,34029883,Posted: 4 August,all,emem238,"Pro:-Amazing Graphics-German + usa + Russia - weapons-Multiple Characters including Boris and left 4 dead crew-Better than left 4 dead-Amazing Team work GameCon:-NO KICKING MECHANICS ( meaning if you have a troll , Then rip)-1 second Bullet delay-Smg's  (REALLY unaccurate)-Clunky controls-Too Much Ammo-Horrible gun inplacements (mg-42)-LIES (You can shoot a zombie in the chest 3 times and it dies....)- Mg-42 gun implacement DOESNT EVER NEED A RELOAD-mg-42 Also Has HORRIBLE ACCURACEY just like all of the guns except rifles..-2m melee kick attack-bosses that take 8-10 headshots before going down-3rd person camera when downed (Zombies will go on top of you so you cant see or shoot them)-LACK OF EFFORT TOWARDS GRAPHICS^This really upsets me. It may seem small to you but to me it shows the effort of the creator. Many of the tanks are the exact same tanks. With the Same number on  the side. Multiple maps have broken down tanks like german with the Same exact skin and number on the side ""222"" and same with russian ""313"". They didnt even try to change the number.Also , Character FLAW. Bill (from left 4 dead) Character Description Reads he served 2 TOUR OF VIETNAM! Hopefully you I and the devs know when veitnam was.. Veitnam was after ww2 @ 1955 when ww2 ends in 1945.TO THE DEVELOPERS - Put more effort into the story line and in the game in general . PLAY YOUR OWN GAME!!!!Overall i'd say this game is not worth it.The fact that the Developers literally LIED in our faces is depressing. I bought it when it was 80% off and wish i didnt have it! The Game costing roughly $45 is too much for the game and its content."
76561198338436003,Recommended,301640,34272709,Posted: 16 August,all,Tomb Rider,best of best
76561198406145792,Recommended,301640,34459320,Posted: 24 August,all,Tomato Fight,I have played it for several hours，at first I feel scared，however with the hours I playing it I am surprised about it's stupid zimble，why they don't beat me!
,Recommended,301640,34925570,Posted: 13 September,all,AOERules,Music is the most amazing thing ive heard in a zombie game. Makes you want to rush in and start kicking zombies down.Speaking of kicking sometimes this game becomes a kicking simulator which is insanely fun when there isnt hordes of machine gunner zombies running you down.10/10 would kick again
,Recommended,301640,34922310,Posted: 13 September,all,Bauzroth,"One, two, Hell is coming for you...Three, four, you opened the door...Five, six, up the river Styx...Seven, eight, it's way too late...Nine, ten, it's risen again."
,Recommended,301640,34946999,Posted: 14 September,all,TheMinister,"A fantastic game combining two of my favorite things. Shooting zombies, and shooting nazis. Has all the elements of the Elite Sniper series combined with a Left 4 Dead quality (including the characters from Left 4 Dead). Great game for anyone who loves that whole nazi occult vibe in fictional WW2 stuff (Wolfenstein, Hellboy, etc)Look at the first couple of chapters (solo):https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6YFuXLwvxnipiE6_GCsCaOj7YLWO97AU"
,Recommended,301640,34941340,Posted: 13 September,all,MuffinsNTea ♔,"Fantastic game, wish they added the bullet piercing the skins of the nazis."
76561198207613639,Recommended,301640,35215039,Posted: 25 September,all,Kermit The Yeet Frog,strong game
76561198026086161,Recommended,301640,34925256,Posted: 13 September,all,Ơ d e s z a,Germans don't like this game.
,Recommended,301640,35355828,Posted: 30 September,all,TalonMan92,GOOD
76561198417803863,Recommended,301640,35360701,Posted: 30 September,all,刘传,A very good zombiekilling game waht's important is it has  Chinese
,Recommended,301640,35203589,Posted: 25 September,all,Necroknight76,Awesome remaster that is a blast to play!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKmlphjk2XE&t=11s
76561198066365888,Recommended,301640,35229870,Posted: 26 September,all,[WC] Ente  - no keyboard,10/10 would kill Zombie Hitler again.
76561198162332449,Recommended,301640,34740174,Posted: 4 September,all,Zebron-IDZ,"Bullet time nazi zombie headshots, the last thing that was missing from my life......"
,Recommended,301640,35451750,Posted: 3 October,all,Ragnarok,As a sniper elite，shoot zombies can't be more exciting，but the most interest in this game is multi players mode
76561198013462546,Recommended,301640,34714167,Posted: 3 September,all,7thsojurn,"Tec Tip: Gaming mouse conflict bug fixed with simple setting issue.Excellent game play with the right settings:I owe the developers of this game an Apologize for the things i said about this game but it would of never of happen if they would of look or known this one thing that cause your mouse to act like it was broken. What i mean when i played this game the mouse would not aim or even move a character like the camera was flip flopping and uncontrollable to even play the game even the setting seem to be broken. Only one thing fixed this my son found that if you turn off Acceleration in control options it would work fine and now you could even tweak the setting in the mouse to you own preference.So far i have found that it was a conflict do to Aacceleration setting in game design and in this gaming mouse both have this setting built in and they seem to conflict that is what seemed to be the issue.  Once fixed by disabling the option in the game now i can play this game fine.  Hope this review helps others that fine this issue.Bad Points:The game still with this fix the aim and movement adjustment make not much of a differn'ts it inside mostly it gets diificult to do these things and i still say this is a game issue that need to be tweak.  But i now can play this and enjoy it just to bad for the over draft of controls issue that take away of some of the cool run and fun, good design but the poor character movement issue take away what could of been the next LEFT 4 DEAD the best game of the year and my opion the best zombi game ever.  If this game run like it this game would of been even better but lame lag  issue destory this game."
,Recommended,301640,35502002,Posted: 5 October,all,Spyder,"Fun game, but I wouldn't pay full price for it. Wait for a sale."
76561198245614992,Recommended,301640,35445481,Posted: 3 October,all,brianperry948,perfect
,Recommended,301640,35508014,Posted: 5 October,all,what the nani the fuck,You get the entire ZAT trilogy remastered with fun new maps.
,Recommended,301640,35518834,Posted: 6 October,all,Jake | CS.MONEY,A very good game so far its my fav as it is in WW2
