user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198172392767,Recommended,301860,35088897,Posted: 20 September,all,Hollow,"the world:-abandoned city, partially under water-water, vines and algeas everywheremechanics:-no enemies-no combat-no damage or dying-just driving a boat, climbing and objects to gatherstory:-mainly driven by cutscenes (after using supply drops) and pictures found in abandoned structures-linear and shortsetting:-weather variety (has no gameplay effect, just visuals): normal, sunny, rainy, storm-day / night cycles (again just visuals)-the game is somewhat between scary at night due to the huge whales coming your way and all the abandoned structures and beautiful if the sun comes into play with the reflections on structures and waterI think the game is best described as explorative adventure: You're either using your boat to explore, to get somewhere or you'll be climbing structures.Your only real choice is where you go, so you're free to explore and aren't forced to do anything in any specific order. That's not an issue as in this game there's neither combat nor falling nor death nor are there enemies.The controls work pretty well for climbing, no complicated inputs required, are very simple. The boat is a little wonky but well controlable.On water you can find other boats to scavenge them and upgrade your boat's engine, which prolongs it's turbo boost a little.On any of the abandoned structures you'll find 2 things:-paintings, telling the story of what happened-supply goods (better loot those only after you're done looting the place)Finding all the supplies is the goal of the whole game. Each time one supply drop is looted you're brought back to your starting area and the story continues, adding new tasks after that.The game has a lot of good design decisions for it's simplicity. The spyglass allows marking spotted objects on the map and even points an arrow towards objects not yet on your screen for you to focus and mark them. You don't even need to zoom in, it's a good and useful feature, especially if used from high positions. The camera, which in other games is often an issue, actually helps spotting objects you might have missed otherwise and is freely turnable, even while climbing. Objects to interact with always highlight the ""use"" button above them when being close enough, so that it's always clear what can and can't be interacted with. Such objects also emit a ""shine"" effect from time to time from a distance, making it easier to find them when driving by with the boat. The controls are simple and respond well. Neither climbing nor using the boat causes any trouble and no special input is required at any time. It's just simple and it works.The downsides: The game is short, linear and much of the same. The replay value is zero, except if you're in the mood for the game again, as each new game will be exactly the same, as the only difference you can make is by your choice where you go.I'd recommend this game to you if you-like exploring places-are okay with the fact that you'll spend quite some time with boat driving and climbing-want to spend some time in a stress-free environment-care about a game's story and it's settingThe more of these points don't match the less I'd recommend this game to you. This one won't ever be a super-awesome must recommend game because it's too repetitive, with too little content and it's not randomized a bit BUT it's well made with what's in it. Good for one playthrough."
76561197987096225,Not Recommended,301860,17406197,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Stormkiller,"The MAIN reason this is a NO is the price, It's more than double what I would pay for the amount of game I got (£13.49 with 10% off is a little much for 2 hours of game), but even then it may be a little overpriced.  Maybe wait for a £5 sale to make the most of this one.The game itself is VERY basic in what it does.  You scootch around a dead and flooded city in a little boat using a telecscope to look for care packages to heal your sick brother.This boils down to...Look through telescope and 'see' certain objects and care packages in the world.Hop in boat and go to the building said object is on.Hop out of the boat onto a ledge of the building and climb it.Find care package and press A.Get teleported back home to start again on the hunt for the next care package.The boat controls are a little sluggish, even with the boost function that you get from collecting parts that you tag using your trusty telescope.The walking and climbing controls are basic, VERY basic.  up, down, left, right.  That's it, The main character does everything you need her to do by pushing in one of the cardinal directions and nothing else.  You can't even jump.The sound isn't all that great either, just the basic plinks and plops, splashes and whale/dolphin noises you'd expect.The music however, is fantastic, if a little short-lived and scarce.There are plenty of collectibles to discover in the world, from animal pictures to the history of the city and what befel it, and the size of the open world isn't too bad, it takes quite a few minutes to get from one side to the other.It may not sound like it but I rather enjoyed the change of pace with this game, although the high price was always nagging at the back of my mind."
,Recommended,301860,23848592,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stumpokapow,"Imagine a game that takes the wordless storytelling, melancholy mood, and mechanic of leaving home base to find a target around the world from Shadow of the Colossus. It adds the automatic platforming/climbing mechanics and bar-filling collectathon of Assassin's Creed, the overgrown vegetation cityscape of Enslaved, and the sailing of Wind Waker.... but then removes all difficulty, danger, combat, and dialogue.The core game works like this: You are a young woman. The game opens with you pulling up your small motorboat to a temple in a city almost entirely submerged in water--only the tops of tall buildings like hotels and hospitals stick out from the water. You bring your brother, sick and injured on the brink of death into the temple and lay him on an altar. You set out to explore the ruins of the buildings looking for supply drops to heal him.The game proceeds with you taking your boat around the water, looking for landmarks--the most memorable for me was a ruined ferris wheel--animals (mutated sealife, mostly), and collectible books that tell you the story of what happened to the city through little pictograph images that are sort of like cute hieroglyphs. The main game involves climbing large towers to get supply drop cases at the top.I should say that climbing the towers is pretty straightforward. The game does not have puzzles, and you do not have limited grip strength. Like an Assassin's Creed tower, it's mostly just about hopping to the next handhold or finding the next ledge. You're a tourist here. If that sounds like something you wouldn't want to play, then I wouldn't buy the game, but I liked it.Different towers are different--one is a giant skyscraper where you weave from exterior ledges across vegetated floors, while another has you taking the path to a top of hollow, donut-shaped hospital, and then climbing down and around the inside to get to the rest of the roof. Another has a zip-line at the top of a roof. Are the locations memorable? The negative reviews say no. I found them memorable enough to keep going and tell apart in my head. The towers also have storybook collectibles off hidden paths.Like Team Ico's games, the characterization is mostly inferred through very indirect images. There is no voiced dialogue and no explicit explanation or development (again, the family's story is told through unlocking pictographs). But you get the sense of a girl who is protecting her younger brother and doesn't want to give up on him no matter the cost.The game lasts around 3 hours with a little more for getting all of the collectibles. At 5 hours, I got my final achievement.Visually the game is somewhat simple, but striking in its beauty. The day-night cycle leads to great moments where the sun or moon or weather patterns interact with the scenery. The game provides a photo mode feature that lets you turn off the UI and pick a camera angle. You can take some really wonderful photos.Whether or not I'd recommend the game depends entirely on your taste. It's possible you'll buy it and think, ""wait, this is it, I'm just doing the same thing again and again, nothing is going on, there's no challenge"". If that's what you think, bummer dude, sorry you didn't like it. But I liked it and if my description sells it to you, then I hope you like it too."
76561198017992013,Not Recommended,301860,28491985,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,jimkeir,"One of the things I love most about a new Far Cry game is the exploration; getting to poke around a rich, vivid, exotic and imaginative play area. My first goal is always to climb all of the radio towers on the map, just for the joy of finding new places.This isn't Far Cry. It does, however, let you roam at will around a vivid play area and find climbing routes up buildings from where you can find new places to explore. Best of all, you're not getting shot at all the time by people who clearly don't like tourists. Submerged should, in other words, be perfect for me.And yet.And yet I feel oddly underwhelmed, even after completing it.There's no combat, and about bloody time someone was brave enough to do a game like that. Top marks. There's enough of a story, told through basic but nicely done pictograms, to give you a reason to explore if you need one. It's clearly made to be pretty, even going as far as building in a ""Postcard"" feature, and the visual impact can sometimes be stunning. The soundtrack is beautiful, and fits the atmosphere of the game perfectly. Controls are trivial to learn, in a good way.I'm a bit less sure about the level of challenge. Basically there isn't any. That's not necessarily a bad thing; I loved Abzu and Burly Men at Sea and neither of those have any real danger or challenge. The difference is that they both left you to explore - the hidden items and places were actually hidden, hard to find, whereas Submerged leaves absolutely everything clearly marked. If you can climb on something you'll see that it's climbable from some distance away, and it even goes as far as using fixed camera angles in some places to show you a ""secret"". In a game where the fun is purely in exploration, taking the satisfaction of finding things away leaves... well, nothing.It's also a very short game. Again, not necessarily a problem; Abzu was short. Portal was short. Both were stunning, in completely different ways. Just be aware. I'm a fairly casual gamer and completed it in 3 hours, including quite a lot of OCD-driven map completion.And finally on to the bad. Submerged uses Unreal Engine 4, which is capable of doing some remarkable things. Professional reviews tend to comment on how stunning Submerged looks and, in static screenshots, it does.Saying this makes me feel like I'm kicking kittens, but for me Submerged just doesn't hold up visually. It comes across as a Playstation 2 or Voodoo 3 era game. It's a game that's betting on being haunting and beautiful but the rough edges just murder any sense of immersion.The subtle lighting effects from the day/night cycle are great - but there's a wide halo around buildings and other moving objects where you can see that the post-processing lighting filter isn't being applied. There's a gorgeous red sunset reflecting on the water, but the buildings and the main character have a bright blue water halo. A building will have hundreds of windows, all of which are broken in an identical way because they use exactly the same texture. Cloth flaps in the wind, but it's clearly a pre-drawn cloth texture on top of a pre-animated square with polygons that both float free of, and clip straight through, other nearby objects. The main character's hands and feet clip through buildings, as does the boat you get around in. Seagulls perched on ledges bob up and down as if they were on water, and only flap their wings once every couple of seconds when they're flying. Butterflies are clearly one painted square per wing with two frames of animation. Clouds of bees are made up of a load of static sprites which look like a divide sign, just a line with two dots. Trees sprout out of perfectly flat concrete with no roots and clip through railings. Objects pop into view about 20 feet away, and merge visibly between quite different models as the distance changes. Leaves on trees are low-polygon shapes with palm-tree textures painted on. Depth of field stops abruptly, changing from thick vaseline to crystal clear within a tiny space. All of the models, including the main character, are very, very low polygon and so look visibly angular.And so on.In fact, it's so thorougly 10-15 years out of date that I almost convinced myself that it was done deliberately as an art style, maybe to evoke nostalgia. Almost.More than anything else, this reminds me of some of the climbing levels of Tomb Raider. Not the recent ones, I mean maybe Tomb Raider 1 or 2. All of the many, many graphical shortfalls would have been forgivable in the late 90s (and yes, I do clearly remember buying a Voodoo 1 to play the original Tomb Raider on) but at the end of 2016 in a game which is selling itself on it's beauty are just crippling. For reference, this is with a GTX 1080 and all the settings maxed out.Does the exploration save it, then? Well, again, it's a nice-try-but-no-cigar result for me. I love exploration in open-world games, way more so than the combat which just gets in the way of finding cool new places, so a peaceful roam around a submerged city should be perfect. The trouble is that there's really only four things to look for; red flowers mean you can climb a wall, a wide ledge can be walked on, a broken ledge can be grappled along, and pipes can be used to move up and down. That's it, apart from occasional ladders, which do the same as the pipes. Neither items or paths are ever hidden, which means there's no satsifaction to be had in getting to hard-to-reach places. The teenage girl you control can effortlessly leap 6 feet straight up while hanging from her fingertips, but can't step over a knee-high wall. In fact the only times I managed to go somewhere that wasn't clearly marked as a path was then I fell through or got stuck inside the terrain. Three times in three hours. Luckily, restarting puts you back in a sensible place.I don't regret buying this. Nor do I regret the time I spent playing it; it was a few hours of badly needed tranquility and a reminder that people can do things which are meant to give joy rather than hails of bullets. I'd like to encourage the developers to keep going and do something else like this in the future. What I really do regret that is that it could so easily have been vastly better, just by applying a little more variation and challenge, and an entire bucketful of polish, to what is actually there."
,Not Recommended,301860,17423119,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"Submerged certainly has good taste in influences; you can see more than a dash of many critically acclaimed games in its DNA, games like Journey, Ico, Windwaker, Shadow of the Colossus, Dear Esther, and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Whilst these games clearly have been very influential, it’s a shame that Submerged feels like it simply borrows elements from them relatively ineffectively, and never carves a strong identity of its own.The game is exploration-focused, with no combat. This gives the title an eerie calm, a gentle post-apocalypse. You sail a small motorboat looking for supplies for your brother, spotting landmarks and finding story pages along the way. Whilst the plot and gameplay are minimal there is definitely a certain joy and beauty to be found in sailing about and watching some of the wildlife, even if just for a few minutes. The soundtrack is also very effective, at times moving, stirring up similarities to Jessica Curry’s ‘Dear Esther’ soundtrack at points. I felt the soundtrack did a lot of the heavy lifting in creating the atmosphere in the game.The plot of finding supplies for your brother is initially quite motivating, however it quickly loses any sense of urgency. You must collect ten supplies (bandages, medicine, water, food… all located atop ruined buildings), although eventually the story gives up the pretence of narratively engaging supplies and simply has you searching for ‘more medicines’ towards the end. These supplies exist in a kind of meta-state, whichever large building you find that is climbable will have the correct supply at the top, satisfying the next stage of your ‘quest’. This isn’t much of a problem, meta-thinking aside, as it allows you to tackle the buildings in any order, but it certainly drains from the narrative focus and tension. Your brother lies in wait, unmoving, and the collection of each supply has an almost identical animation of returning to the tower, administering the supply, sleeping, and waking before you set out for the next supply.As you complete the main quest and gather collectables the game unlocks story images; simple pictographic slides that collectively tell a story. This element is clearly inspired by the images used in Journey to wordlessly provide context to the world, but here it falls flat. Journey’s story worked because the aesthetic and the theme were designed to be beautifully minimalistic and almost ‘culture-neutral’, with the pictographs carefully timed to provide deeper context for the world you travel through… But here the design feels lazy. There’s little extra context provided, and the cave-painting aesthetic of the pictographs didn’t feel genuine against the setting of the New York-esque city (even considering the post-apocalypse setting). It simply felt like a hollow execution of a fairly lazy idea, wrapped in a collect-a-thon sidequest just to provide something else to do.The lack of combat or challenge weren’t a problem for me, in fact many of the games I list as clear inspirations don’t have much challenge or any combat. However, those other games succeed where Submerged falls short due to strong narrative themes or visual aesthetics providing potent artistic experiences. Submerged lacks severely in this area, sadly, and also lacks polish, leaving it feeling like a hollow game that is less than the sum of its parts. All too often it simply feels like a rushed and unfinished game. Buildings are blocky and ‘gamey’, wreckage feels lazy and repeated, and the majority of the textures are flat and lifeless. Whilst certain moments can be particularly beautiful visually, these are more often surrounded by ugly textures, poorly placed foliage, clumsy repeating objects, uninteresting story, and clumsy animations that pull the artistry back down.I admire what Submerged wanted to be, but it lacks a strong aesthetic and any meaningful central theme, along with virtually no plot development or polish, instead feeling like a rushed and unfinished homage to a half dozen greater games.If you’re happy to play a slow-paced, short but relatively relaxing game with a lot of rough edges, give it a try and you might get some fun out of this. But if you’re looking for story or a meaningful, artistic experience, Submerged sadly falls below the line."
,Recommended,301860,25486542,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ownosourus,"Failure tends to be a core principle of gaming. Whether you’re running a level, fighting a mob, or tackling a mission, you must succeed, or try, try again. Submerged does away with the pressures of dying or failing, and instead lets you loose in a waterlogged playground, content to let you explore to your heart’s extent. No fail states, just beautiful vistas and crashing waves.In this stunning game published by Uppercut Games, you find yourself playing as Miku, a young and selfless girl who will do anything to keep her brother, Taku, healthy. In an interesting twist, Uppercut Games have ignored combat entirely and have focused on exploration and story in this third person adventure. You navigate your way through a flooded city in search of supplies to help your wounded brother while pushing your own needs aside as Miku is gradually being consumed by some sort of post-apocalyptic mutation virus. As time goes on, you learn more and more about Miku’s family and what brought her and her brother to where they are now.Miku spends half her time scaling the sides of the structures and the other half in her boat. Scaling walls is just a matter of finding ledges or flowery vines and then moving in the required direction. Sailing Miku's boat is simple too - just point Miku in the right direction and then move. She can collect upgrades to her boat that enable a speed boost as well. There really isn't too much to the game other than exploration. The fact that Miku cannot fall and that Submerged is a non-combat game makes it suitable to all ages.As Miku explores her surroundings, she will come across a number of collectibles. Some of these collectibles, when combined, will tell a pictorial tale of how the city became to be submerged underwater. Also, as she finds the supplies she requires to heal her brother Taku, the story of how Miku and Taku came to be floating on their raft is revealed. Healing her brother forms the main storyline and can be completed rather quickly, but there are other collectibles that extend the length of the game. Finding all the special Landmarks, the complete set of Hotels and all the upgrades to Miku's boat can take some time, especially as some are reasonably well hidden and cannot be spied using Miku's telescope.The story itself was incredibly interesting, especially as you get to discover more and more of it as the game continues. What I particularly liked however was the fact that the story was actually told through hieroglyphic type drawings– so although the back story of the family and the story of the city are certain and set in stone, their vague drawings give the player the ability to interpret them slightly how they see fit.One thing I didn’t particularly understand though was the unusual post-apocalyptic mutated people who stalk Miku through her journey. Throughout the game Miku’s body is being taken over by a virus, presumably from being exposed to the toxic looking water that she sails on through the sunken city and climbing up the infected mossy and destroyed buildings. With every emergency rations pack you find to help Taku, you see a cut scene of Miku sailing back to their home base to help him – when this happens you see these mutated people watching her and you assume that at the end of the game this is what Miku will become. Miku is obviously aware of them too as in one cut scene she has a nightmare that they are coming to get her.My instinctive reaction to these mutants was that I would probably have to fight them when the time came to escape, like you would have to in most games. In these moments you forget that this game has entirely disregarded combat. In the end, recovered and healthy Taku wakes up to find the mutants surrounding Miku as they magically release the virus from her, then they allow her and Taku to leave peacefully on their boat. I wasn’t keen on this when it happened personally – I could get on board with the post-apocalyptic virus, the mutated people and everything else the game put forward, but the weird magical powers really threw me off. At that point I wasn’t sure if the mutants were actually humans or not, it just confused me too much.There's a full weather and day/night cycle that shows off an array of sunsets that have you stopping halfway up ladders to snap a picture and the sunny days are beautifully bright and almost allow you to forget that the world has ended. It's not all sunshine and sunsets though, there are stormy times too as the rain lashes down and the night scenes make up for the lack of electrical light via moonlight, and the glowing algae surrounding the buildings on the water's surface are nice touches that evoke memories of the film adaptation of Life of Pi. There's some surprising wildlife to discover too, but I don't want to spoil everything for you.It's hard to pin down exactly where the game is set, it seems to be a fictional city with architecture you're just as likely to spot in Europe as you are in America. Keep an eye out for the landmarks as you tick them off though, especially the buildings' names. There seems to be something of a theme of sunken worlds, coded into them. For example, the Saaftinge Hospital links to Saeftinghe, a Dutch town that was consumed by a swamp in 1584. Or there's the Rullyeh hotel with the name resembling R'lyeh, a sunken city and the prison of Cthulhu found in the works of H.P. Lovecraft.The graphics in the game are spectacular and they make the game what it is in my opinion. The vibrant colours and the sunken city scene are so beautifully detailed they make you want to sail around and explore as much of the map as you can find just to see it all. The stunning graphics are also contrasted by just how simple the hieroglyphic diagrams telling the story in Miku’s journal are. It all works very well together and I can’t really fault it.The soundtrack, from BAFTA award-winning composer Jeff Van Dyck,  is also wonderful, opening with one of the strongest and most captivating tracks, and using punctuated piano keys and slowly building crescendos to build the mood of each moment. It’s no surprise that ex-2k developers who cut their teeth on titles like the original Bioshock have nailed this aquatic dystopian atmosphere so well, but Submerged goes above and beyond the call, and creates an interactive portrait just begging to be dove into head-first.Now time for the usual question: Should you go and play Submerged? Definitely. If you’re looking for something different and stunning, this is definitely worth trying."
76561198030774954,Recommended,301860,35431533,Posted: 2 October,all,TheReadPanda,"Got this game 90% off, so about 2 dollars. At this price, it's perfect. ABout a dollar an hour of first play, then go back and explore more... took me about 2 and a quarter hours for the first play, but I tend to do games quickly like this. Very pretty, nice story, NOT worth 20 bucks. But as I said, if it is on sale for 2? Not a bad thing to pick up."
,Recommended,301860,20109535,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Estranged2,"If I have to compare this game to other titles, I'd say - Another World, Brothers, Ico, Shadow of the Colossus, Limbo. Action-adventures in which you care about someone else, and there's some form of drama.Exploration and drama. That's what this game is all about. To some extent, it is inspired by the interactive hopelessness in the face of your impending doom, a theme explored by games like Shadow of the Colossus and Journey. But Submerged does something new with it. It is an emotional experience and goes in a direction that most games would never take.It's quite shocking that the game is almost completely devoid of challenge. There's no violence even though there are scary things in the world. There are no puzzles, and you can't die. I usually hate games that don't offer challenge... but this game successfully challenged my obsession with challenge.Because of the inability to die and make real mistakes, some people tagged this ""a walking simulator"", but the gameplay does way more than that. Just exploring the city, recovering its story, climbing buildings with the cute teen protagonist, searching for secrets, and being paranoid about things that may cause potential infection, and also, who's friend and who's foe, provided me with enough choice and thrill to keep playing.Also, it's the first game I've played that does environmental storytelling so well - the first game that made me really enjoy piecing together the story of the city, of the world, of its inhabitants, of my own origin, all of that without any words being used, or explanations handed to me. You can even decipher the glyphs in the game in a very intuitive way.The lack of violence allows for a unique way to relate to the other... lifeforms that you meet - your doubts, your fears, your hopes when you meet them wouldn't have been the same if you had a weapon you could wield whenever you felt insecure.Also, if you assume that they may be a giant consciousness controlled by the green plants it doesn't make sense for them to be outright hostile to you - you're going to become one of them anyway, they might as well help you. There is a sick temptation in accepting your fate and joining these creatures which is a nuanced, complicated feeling and you can't have nuance if you use simple videogame violence.Finally, the way you're moving towards your inevitable doom just to help someone you love is done better than any other game I've played. Come to think of it, all 3 things mentioned in this paragraph (uncovering the story through the environment, dubious creatures that are maybe friends, maybe foes, and doom and self-sacrifice) are present in some form in Shadow of the Collosus, but I'd dare to say that this here is done better and affected me more (if it weren't for the ruined ending). It reminded me why playing and making games is worth it, something that all the noise around me makes me forget.P.S. Unfortunately, the ending sucks.In a ""Minority Report"", deus ex machina, happy way. This game cannot afford to end on a happy, light note, but it did.Still, I usually care more about a game's idea than about its execution. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,301860,25805246,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"7.1/10 – It’s Really Awesome at The Price of $5! No More.This game does an amazing job hooking you from the store; it just has that majestic city look that makes you want to dive right in! At first glance the world is breathtaking, giving me exactly what I want. The campaign was minimalistic, no words are exchanged, but still an interesting story evolves. You piece together the history of the former city while working to save your brother who is dwindling. The campaign is progressed by finding the (10) supplies needed to save your brother’s life; of course these are always atop the highest points!Unfortunately, my high hopes were soon deflated. I was able to traverse the entire map in about 10 minutes. So although it's an open world it proves to be quite small. The campaign was completed for me in about 3.5 hours and that's with exploring the whole map and just cruising around. The world is beautiful but quite repetitive, for how small the world is I would have liked to see some more dynamic buildings.The game does have some good stuff going on especially with the boating and climbing which the game revolves around.  The climbing mechanics is exactly like Assassins Creed where you must dangle and navigate up a perilous building to reach the objective. The boating is pretty awesome; you command a small vessel that is greatly impacted by the hostility of the waves.Overall, $20 is crazy expensive for this! Based on the content and experience I'd look to grab this for $5 or so!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,301860,17388385,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Malika ♥ ✿ ♫,"I fell for the hype because the game looks beautiful, and decided to risk it and buy it day one.I finished the game in under 3 hours, in those 3 hours it was a mess of the same scaling buildings over and over again. There was nothing unique, no twist in the story, nothing but jumping around on buildings and collecting supply chests to help my little brother get well again.The ""bad guys"" also just run and flee from you, until eventually they help you fully heal before you leave.. Dissapointing.I had high expectations for this game but I feel like I was ripped off for a $20 game to do this to me.Yes, it's beautiful, yes it was cool to see giant whales and an entire city submerged in water. Creepy vibe was a fluke, there is no threats and no real point to the game.I do not recommend buying this game for $20. For $5 to max $10, I'd say sure, just for graphics it was fine but otherwise, skip it. Pretty boring and repetitive after awhile :("
76561197985915723,Recommended,301860,20495135,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,shadowshiv,"I just completed Submerged a couple of minutes ago, and I can honestly say that I enjoyed every moment I played the game. Even though I had missed a secret (due to my blindness), I didn't mind trying to find it.The graphics are extremely beautiful, and the effects are amazing. The water looks and moves realisticly, and it is neat to ride the wake from a nearby whale that has jumped from the water. The trees swaying in the wind, the flowers moving back and forth, the butterflies flitting from place to place. All highly realistic, and a joy to look at.There are also really good weather effects, such as rain, thunder/lightning, and fog. The sunlight and moonlight glisten off the water almost magically, as if they had a secret to tell, but couldn't.Discovering the various landmarks and other unique buildings and signs added to the mystique. This takes place on Earth, but is itourEarth in the future or an Earth from an alternate universe. There is enough to make it familiar, yet alien at the same time.I have grown quite fond of Miku, and would love to have more adventures with both her and her brother, Taku.I did not suffer one crash or any graphical glitches, and it ran smooth as silk even with all the settings at max. You can use mouse/keyboard, but I used a controller and I am glad that I did. It makes use of the rumble feature (you can turn this on or off in Options), and controlling the boat was quite easy to do.This game has absolutely NO combat in it whatsover, nor are you racing against a timer to prevent failure. You can explore at your leisure, and you don't have to worry about doing things out of order. You can explore any of the climbable locations in any order, no matter how close or far. I like having that freedom, and not being boxed in to ""go here first"".I cannot recommend this game enough. An absolute joy, and I would purchase a sequel (if they ever make one) in a heartbeat."
76561198054808770,Not Recommended,301860,35438016,Posted: 3 October,all,jimbox114,"This game feels like it could had so much more.  I don't have any problem with lack of combat, lack of enemies, etc.  It is lame you can't go inside of any buildings, explore many of the neat looking things that have been flooded, etc.  The game gets really boring really quick.  I was able to complete the game in a little over 2 hours and only reason I kept going was just to see ""if it gets better""  IT don't.  If you enjoy sailing around and climbing builds several times to loot a chest over and over again this game is for you.  I got it on sale for 1.99 so no big deal but I would not pay 20 bucks for this game"
,Recommended,301860,17409591,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RomSteady,"Good:Wonderful, subtle story told through environment and collectables.Nice, low- to no-stress game.Can explore the world once you complete the game to finish getting your collectables.Bad:Almost too low-stress.  No way to fail.Creature collectables don't always unlock.  Spent a good five minutes with the large whale on the outskirts of the city both with and without telescope, but didn't get the unlock.Aside from speeding you up a bit, boat boosts have no real purpose.Ending was too happy.  Would have liked a more bittersweet ending given some of the revelations that occur during the story.I'd like to see a NG+ mode and perhaps a time challenge mode patched in to give the game some challenge, but I got my money's worth for the story alone."
,Recommended,301860,17620400,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ChuckleBags,"Three stories are told in this game: that of a city, a family, and a girl with more upper body strength than any human in history. Beautifully rendered in the UnReal 4 engine, this climbing puzzle game has no combat nor enemies. While exploring you will find pictographs that transcend language, revealing stories (and tragedies) on both global and personal scales.Once you've finished the main characters' story, you can continue in Explore mode to find any remaining secrets that fill out the city's story. I leave out a lot so as to let you discover the rest yourself. This game is simple, yet wonderful at the same time. Heartily recommended."
76561198034419607,Not Recommended,301860,17379824,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Addison,"It's just like Assassin's Creed but without the combat, the story, the jump button, or the fun.Seriously though, this isn't worth the $15 or $20 or whatever I spent on it.  If I was 20 years younger it may have been cool, but I think this game is just way too simplistic for an adult to find engaging.  You boat around a sunken city, find places to dock, climb the outside of buildings, and find items, and that's it.  Again,You boat around a sunken city:  Boat Mode controls are limited to steering, go backward, go forward, and go forward faster.Find places to dock:  You can only get out of Boat Mode at specific locations.  These locations are all marked with red-flowered ivy.  You can't go take a swim, you can't get off your boat just to look around someplace because it looks cool.Climb the outside of buildings:  This is the Assassin's creed bit, but that really makes it sound way sweeter than it is.  There are six interactable surfaces.  The ivy that I mentioned can be climbed up, down, and sometimes sideways/diagonal.  There are drainage pipes that can be climbed up and down.  There are ladders that can be climbed up and down.  There are zip lines (few) that can be zipped down/across.  There are ledges that can be climbed up and down and shimmied along either on top of or hanging from below.  There are broken ledges that can be climbed down (only) and shimmied along while hanging from below.  That's everything in the environment that you can interact with.  There is no jump button.  There is no possible way to fall.  You can't touch any surface that you aren't specifically intended to access for the sole purpose of obtaining an item.Find items:  There are three types of items.  They all have icons on the map that are revealed whenever you get close to them.  In Boat Mode, you can collect Boat Upgrades.  These make your Go Forward Faster button Go Forward Faster longer.  In Climbing Mode, you can collect Lore Items and Progression Items.  Lore Items each fill one  crude drawing entry in your journal and eventually give you a complete back story on the city and the protagonist.  Progression Items teleport you back to a particular spot on the map and advance the present story.And that's the game.  That's everything in the game.  I wish I could say that Submerged is more than the sum of its parts, but unfortunately it just is not.The scenery looks cool.  I mean, post-apocalyptic waterworldy city ruins!  That's a great setting for an exploration game - If you're actually allowed to explore.  All those big buildings, the great skyscrapers that you're climbing?  You're never going to get inside of one.  You're never going to jump off of one (what a missed opportunity there).  That REALLY big one?  Yeah, you're not going to climb that one.  Sorry 'bout it.Still, you'll have fun climbing the big crane.  You'll get a little tingle the first time a whale pops up near you.  You'll cheer when you finally find red flowers at the base of a building you actually want to climb.  But...  The experience sours fast, way faster than $15-$20.  Go watch a gameplay video instead.Just one more thing:  I'm 30-something, and it's not a great game for me.  However, this would really be a stellar game for a 10-year-old.  Very kid-friendly, very easy to control, very pretty for a game this simple."
,Recommended,301860,29421518,Posted: 22 January,all,mastazi,"I really enjoyed the storytelling style, which uses symbolic language rather than words. The city is very nice to explore thanks to the architectural variety of the buildings. The day/night cycle and the water are very pleasantly rendered and contribute to the immersion.  People who complain because they were able to ""beat the game"" in two hours, in my opinion, did not fully understand what this game is all about."
76561198082702126,Recommended,301860,32945718,Posted: 28 June,all,Gravesteyn,"If you want a relaxing game: buy this one.No runningNo shootingNo dyingJust walk, sail, climb, look and relax!!Wonderfull soundtrack too."
,Recommended,301860,17393342,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Andrew,"I’m saying “Yes” only because there is no “Maybe” or “It depends”.It’s pretty, but not particularly. It’s not about polygons and textures, mind you. It’s about style. It’s not… distinct. Animation is meh at best. And remember when all games were brown and muddy? This one is gray/green and muddy. But lighting is good, there is day/night cycle and weather, and every blade of grass is a 3D model, so, sometimes game is very pretty.There are technically two stories, about brother and sister, and about the world, told through pictures. They simple, almost primitive. Primitive by design.Gameplay is simple too. You skim around in a boat, looking for stuff, and climb buildings. Climbing here is more of a traversal, like in “Assassin’s Creed” or “Uncharted” – you just need to find where to go, no danger of don’t making a jump or falling.The game is a collectathon, but easy one, thanks to a good map and telescope. With exception of, maybe, boat parts, it’s easy to find everything – if you so desire. Just finishing main story is even more easier.Overall, I would say it’s above average, but not by a much. Wait for a discount.P.S. Dolphins are annoying priсks!"
76561197980037812,Recommended,301860,25157803,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cluffy,I Bought this game for my 10 year old niece to play when she comes over to visit and it was a big hit! The lack of violence keeps her parents happy and the gameplay is spot on for a 10 year old. Every time she see's dolphins or a whale she is delighted lol. Great job guys.
,Recommended,301860,17426002,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The3oLand,"This is one of those cases where I wish I could give a neutral recommendation. Personally I enjoy this game,butthis is purely what I like. All things I consider good in this game is probably a turn off for hardcore gamers. The short answer would be to say if you like ""The Path"", you will like this game. Anybody else should stay well clear of this title.What doesn't help is the marketing which makes a big point about the non-violance in the game. Probably done to lure the parents who want to give their kids a game that doesn't involve weapons.It's more story driven than game mechanic driven. That's a weakness as the story is a simple plot although personally I like the execution of the storytelling.The game mechanics are very simple and involves walking, driving a boat and wall climbing. Personally I like the wall climbing aspect of the game, but I liked that aspect in the first Tombraider games as well, even with the usual wonky camera problems each 3D platformer seems to suffer from.Nice graphics but certainly not on the level of the ""Disappearance of Ethan Carter"". The biggest problem you might have is that each building you climb (""the game level"") is more or less the same in appearance.Nice music.No enemies.PersonallyI hate games that throws wave after wave of enemies at you so I can deal with this aspect of the game.Youmight not."
,Not Recommended,301860,32716213,Posted: 24 June,all,Vince,"Maybe a worthwile time if you pick it up on sale and think you would like the premise of climbing and boating around. I didn't care for it. It just felt a little dry and rough around the edges.  I could tell right away that it wasn't for me.In my humble opinion, the game relies on its *dated* graphical beauty and some platforming that is subpar after playing Tomb Raider as much as I have this past year. Its not awful or anything, it just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,301860,34718257,Posted: 3 September,all,huskobon,"Beautiful gameSubmerged is an interesting, relaxing tale about a girl, and her brother landing in a sunken city, alone and unsure of the world around them. A story is built by the girl, trying to care for her hurt brother, by going into the world and finding supplies to aid him. Your story is told through your actions and your exploration to not only tell your story, but the learn about the city around you by discovering secrets all over the world.SoundBeautiful music, and very relaxing to listen to.  I found myself a peace with the sounds most of the time, and really enjoyed the soundtrackControls.Controls work well enough; however, I did find myself at times getting stuck in random wall and corner points that let me to re-load my progress. This didn't happen often, but enough I had to mention that controls had this issue. Also, the boat at times didn't seem to respond to my actions too.GraphicsA very nice use of the Unreal Engine, and it shows. The graphics are very nice looking and lighting is very true to life.GameplayIt's really good. The game is what you make it, and how fast you want it to be. There's a nice size world out there, and it'll take some time to go around. The exploration is the element. There isn't much hand holding in the game.You are on your own and that's the fun of it allOverall, Submerged is a surprising experience, and something not widely talked enough about. I encourage more to play it and recommend it. It's fun, it's relaxing, and worth the time.9/10"
76561198068968803,Recommended,301860,25052380,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Aniik,"This game made me feel so relaxed... that hasn't happened to me for a long time. As one of those people who can't play anything that requires stealth, quick reflexes, aiming or any other kind of action I totally enjoyed this game. You get to steer a boat and climb tall buildings but you cannot fall or die. So it's all about enjoying your surroundings (which is quite spectacular), using your map and navigational skills and plannig your days in order to achieve your goals. You can get through gameplay really quickly if you wish or you can just enjoy yourself, explore and learn the whole story. I have done the latter and was not dissapointed. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to unwind, chill and explore this stunning world."
76561198010403528,Recommended,301860,17454699,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Zim,I thought it was a good game for what it is. It took the post-apocalyptic genre and turned it around. the storyline was something i personally enjoyed most it having the waterworld theme. With the discount i was happy to pay it.All round good game for a bit of fun.
,Recommended,301860,24491807,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,EdenStarGazer,"A fresh approach to 3rd-person platforming without fail, Submerged hijacks the genre with this peaceful rendition of a treasure-hunter’s paradise.If you’ve ever become totally immersed in a game, then you know what it is to experience the world of Submerged. With an unarmed young female protagonist possessing nothing but a small boat, you wander a silent, lonely apocalyptic city that is submerged in a futuristic fantasy oceanic world. Nature has reclaimed what appears to be a formerly advanced civilization. Statues and monuments half protrude majestically from the water. And with the loss of civilization, you witness the death of words.Graphics/ Art:The graphics and audio are unbelievably fresh and real. I can feel the water. I smell the salt in the air! The aged grandeur of the archeology and architecture remind me of Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. But, the similarity stops there. A more accurate comparison would be to the Uncharted series which is on the PlayStation platform only. In the unparalleled world of Uncharted, you have a 4 way combination of platforming, combat, puzzle solving, and treasure hunting that has something for everyone embedded in exotic locales. Submerged takes the two areas of platforming and treasure hunting apart from the heavier elements of risk and submerges you in an environment of total safety to allow you to focus on treasure hunting and uncovering a wordless story. The experience is, in a word, surreal and the music is a haunting melody.Gameplay:The mystery is unhampered by this non-violent approach. Without providing any spoilers, you remain focused on solving the mysteries of your world, this partially submerged city, and your own family by searching for pieces of the story high and low on the buildings, while you search for medicine and supplies for your little brother who is unconscious. You use your map, compass, and telescope to search for treasures and clues to solve the mystery. There are no maluses, and no damage is taken from any actions in the game. But, watching the young girl climb on the buildings certainly brings back memories of childhood spent climbing trees and exploring the mountains.The search is conducted from your boat, which is great fun to drive. As you find pieces from other abandoned boats, you are able to upgrade the speed of your own boat. This makes it possible to speed across to hidden parts of the map in search of missing clues. Basically, it also forces you to take the early game slower to allow you to experience the silent world that might be missed by flying through too quickly.You could possibly play through in just a few hours, though I spent a dozen on the first play-through. It took a few more to collect the remaining clues. Not only is the game worth the price I paid, but I will definitely be buying it on PlayStation IV, just because I want to play it again on that platform. It really is a great game.Narrative:The story is presented entirely in the visuals of the architecture, the statues, the people, and the rebus story pieces, which have a post-modern feel of having slipped back into a prehistoric world without speech. Hieroglyphic letters are seen with the images, but you can’t decipher them. The girl speaks, but it’s an unknown dialect/language of only a few syllables. When you encounter new locations and objects the names appear on screen.The names of the statues reveal story themselves. As an example, a grand horse appears that is named only, ‘The Obdurate Creature.’This phrase has appeared in numerous books and theological writings from the 18th century, and refers to mankind as being stubborn creatures.This name points to more of the mystery which I will not spoil.I highly recommend Submerged for all ages and rate it a perfect 10! It's a no-fail platformer, there is no combat, & it has a story that is surreal. And, there are no words. It's the type of game you will play straight through from start to finish. It really is mesmerizing. And, the art/ graphics are stunning!"
76561198006363388,Recommended,301860,17407506,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,CoLS Firestar,"After reading so many negative reviews, I decided to play tihs game. The listed cons was the repetitive gameplay/surrounding and no combat.Well, why not think of it as a casual platformer?With that in mind, I played through the game.Was fun trying to figure out how to get to a certain spot I found earlier. Some spots were tricky, some were easy.All in all, I enjoyed this explorative game. It had an interesting storyline of sorts that kept me wanting to go searching for the next piece of the puzzle.The music was relaxing and the art style is nice. Worth a run if you keep in mind that this is a casual game."
76561198078127192,Not Recommended,301860,25454838,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DaaaahWhoosh,"I would say this game deserves the $7 I payed for it, but not much more. There is absolutely no gameplay variety (what you do in the first couple minutes is identical to what you'll do the rest of the game), the buildings seem pretty linear, it's a nice looking game except for when you're crawling along the same exact ledge for the thousandth time. Honestly I would have loved to be able to sprint or jump, to have obstacles that weren't identical and required me to think up new strategies for overcoming them. It might have been nice to see the interiors of buildings. Maybe it'd have been nice to be able to actually swim. But really this is just a 'look at the pretty things and do nothing fun' kind of game. I honestly wish it had been easier, not because it was a hard game, but because sometimes it got really, really boring trying to figure out how to get to the top of a building.Overall, it only works because it's short, so while it's got some nice atmosphere (good soundtrack, nice sunsets) and is not specifically a 'bad' game (few/no bugs, so few mechanics that there's nothing that feels wrong), I would say only buy it when it's on sale."
76561198037517236,Recommended,301860,23743690,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Minted Lady,"""I know my brother needs medicine, but I hope he doesn't die while I climb these old buildings looking for secrets and treasure."" -- Me after five minutes.Submerged is the story of a brave girl who effortlessly scales tall, dilapidated buildings to find emergency kits that just happen to be perched on their rooftops. In the process, she'll tell the tale of what caused her brother's injury, find books that tell why the city is the way it is, and see amazing creatures that peacefully roam its waterways.Emphasis on the peaceful. This game is pure exploration with no obvious consequences. I've managed to get half the supplies her brother needs to live and haven't seen anything in the way of danger or failure. And I like it.The reward here is gorgeous scenery, dozens of secrets and other things to collect, a beautiful musical score, a story you piece together yourself through pictures, and a sense of accomplishment. There's a mystery to this city that I have wanted to unravel ever since I saw the first strange figure in the distance. The paths up and down the buildings may seem linear but quite a few require a bit more observation and critical thinking to get all the books before reaching the top.I have a few complaints: 1) The boat controls feel weird. I'm glad you can't die because I have definitely crashed this poor girl into several buildings just trying to get around. 2) The camera likes to reposition itself on corners and that annoys me. As if I can't rotate the camera myself to see what's around the bend. 3) I use an Xbox 360 Controller, and sometimes it seems like the main character repositions herself contrary to what I'm trying to get her to do while climbing a ledge.Those are minor complaints, though. I've made it halfway through the main objectives and there's still a lot of secrets for me to discover. I recommend the game for anyone who prefers a little more depth to their walking simulators, people who like to explore but don't feel like engaging in the kill-loot-kill cycle, and those of us who enjoy interactive stories."
,Recommended,301860,33448146,Posted: 10 July,all,Azghouls,"To start things off, I copied a quote from the ‘About this Game’ blurb from Steam:‘A serene and relaxing game experience; take your time to enjoy the sunrise and beautiful vistas, listen to the sound of the ocean, or observe the playfulness of the creatures that inhabit this place. There is only one pace in this game and that’s your own.’The above statement pretty much sums up this game ‘Submerged’ from Uppercut Games Pty Ltd. It took away all the obligatory kill everything that glances your way, enemies and even death. Yes, you cannot die in this game, no matter what. Then again, some adventure games you cannot die too however that’s another story. So, if you took away all of these elements that conceivably makes video games fun then what has Submerged then have to offer with regards to the ‘fun’ factor? Again, it comes back to the above statement as its sole purpose is to make the player having a relaxing time exploring the world whilst doing a bit of searching for collectables along the way.And now here comes the contradiction – the storyline. Yes, there is a story to this game however it really feels like as an afterthought; like Uppercut Games had this brilliant idea of exploring the world in your own pace without the fear of death yet need to string a story to make some sort of purpose build into it. The plot, in the most simplistic form, revolves around the main character (i.e. what you control) named Miku, and her brother Taku both arrived via a small fishing boat to the submerged city of unknown origins. The catch is her brother is dying and it’s up to you (Miku) to save him by finding supplies that’s hidden throughout this once bustling city.Now here’s the contradiction – the game tells you to admire the scenery and soak up in the atmosphere; basically, take your sweet time doing what needs to be done to save your dying brother (?). I found this concept a little difficult to swallow as, and remarkably so, I felt a connection for the two characters even though Miku is almost a mute. However, as the saying goes ‘A picture is worth a thousand words’ and this game Submerged is like viewing a silent movie where this time you control the pace (as opposed to a movie where it dictates the course of action). So, you have this sense of urgency build in (a.k.a. dying brother) yet the main character cannot die period. Crazy stuff.As the game encourages exploration, it can extend the life of this product. For me, it took around 8 hours to complete however I really explored every nook and cranny to locate every single item (for which I did – yet it will be great to have a little fan fair about this however it wasn’t the case). However, it’s not unheard of that others can finish this under 3 hours. The map is quite small considering however it was developed by an indie developer made in Australia – and being Australian myself, the Australian gaming industry is miniscule with little government support.Yet to those achievement hunters, there are ten to collect and they are all achievable on your first run. Yet there’s a bug where the progression count for the collectables are not recorded in steam yet it does unlock when locating them all. According to the developers, they mentioned it has to do with the game engine itself (Unreal 4). I have no idea whether this is true though. Also, there are five collectable cards and they are all nice looking (and not some copy / paste garbage from other games that I won’t mention here). All five are concept arts from the game so that’s a nice touch.With the asking price of $20 and an additional $10 for the soundtrack (for which I highly recommend as it’s composed by Jeff Van Dyck - Total War / Need for Speed series), I cannot recommend this game for that price. Honestly, it’s a really hurts for me to say this as I really enjoyed this game as it did suck me in until the end. I love the characters, love the idea of exploration and taking my sweet time doing so, love just sitting there soaking up the scenery however, because of the storyline involves a dying boy, it did add a sense of urgency. That’s not to say that’s a bad thing however it does contradict to the overall pitch for the game. Yet I even adore the storytelling montage and the uniqueness that brought it into the game. Also, I’m aware the lack of support of the gaming industry in Australia has that may have an effect of driving prices up. If the price was $20 that should include the soundtrack and not as a DLC.Thankfully this game does go on sale from time to time and I even seen it at 75% off – that’s a total steal in my eyes. Also, because the game has a lot of evidence of love poured into it making this game wonderful, for this reason I can lean towards recommending it. So, you have on one hand a short, contradicting pitch (dying boy vs admire the scenery), missing mini map (that will enhance the gameplay), lack of zoom function (to view multiple paths instead of backtracking) and high purchasing price vs likable characters, dare to be different, beautiful scenery and decent backstory that plays upon real life scenarios (instead of you are the chosen one). I’m opting the latter thus giving my overall recommendation.But take heed what I have stated.6 / 10 (lots of love poured into this game however it does need some serious overhaul to the entire game)."
76561198145659113,Recommended,301860,17455384,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,GefliptyBrain,"'Submerged' is immersive, soothing, and just a little bit mysterious. I find this a great game to relax with after a busy day; steering your boat through the sunken ruins, following whales, climbing along the trees, at times you can almost feel the bright sun, the breeze and the rain. There are no difficult puzzles, and no conflict or violence at all; this  will certainly not be a game for everyone. But I find it far from boring and enjoy the slow pace, and the way the simple but moving story gradually reveals itself. The graphics are beautiful, if not the best out there, but especially the transitions of day and night and the changes in the weather make for a wonderful sense of atmosphere. I'm really glad I bought this game, and I'm sure I'll keep returning to the submerged city for more quiet, sun-swept reflections."
,Recommended,301860,26587153,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Balaam's ass,"tldr:3rd person explorer ONLY game, no combat.  Worth ~$10, goes on sale for $5, and you'll get 8-12 hours out of it depending on how astute you are at uncovering the map and using your telescope.  Fairly simple 100% achi, though it'll take a few hours.8.5/10 for its genre, and I would buy again.~~~~~~~~~~ this is a page-break! xD ~~~~~~~~~~Pros:-game IS exactly what it's billed as, and the trailers give a good idea of what you will find-simple controls (I used kb+m; controller is also supported)-straightforward mission/directives-acceptable progress measure (map icons dull/pale after pickup of objectives)-gorgeousgraphics on ultra settings, but there isn't too much 'fluff' to obscure points of interest-easy (automatic!) return to home base upon objective collection (see CON related to this point)-mysterious aspect to certain ingame plot devices (cutscenes tell a story of their own)-inspired blend of endearing & exciting, without being too cutesy or nagging-aspect of how exploration games used to be, long ago, before items were marked or outlined, or glowing, or... obvious; once you're on top of them (or use spyglass to find them) they're easy to see, but until then, you are in factsearching-cards, for those who like them-essentiallyno bugs.  I got stuck on a tree twice, but when I quit out and then continued the same game, it sent me back to the area where I first entered that level of the building (assume under 60 seconds lost time in all cases).  Other than that, it's smooth and pretty.-forgiving environment; if you're a parent or busy with something else, you can walk away at any time without concern of losing progress or items or time.Cons:-NO RUN/SPRINT.Worthy of metion because exploring buildings that have only a single, small, or partly obscured path to an objective sometimes must be traveresed more than once.  The scenery is beautiful, but after a while the slow-run can become tedious.-No hint button.  You're very strictly on your own, which isn't a problem per se, but a few of the buildings have convoluted routes.  Again, enjoy the scenery.-Regarding auto-return to base upon picking up a crate: you do NOT have a choice.  In other words, if you don't have all the objectives in a building when you take the crate, you'll be retruning to the building to find parts of the story.  Not horrible, but worth mentioning.-$20 price tag.  Too much for this game, despite how much I liked it on every level.  I'd pay $10 or $12 for sure, and when it goes on sale for $5 it's a fantastic bargain.  As a rule, I do not agree with a game that does not have a dollar-per-hour return on the price.  As stated, you'll get about 8-12 hours out of this game, thus, this observation.  (Of my ~19 hours played, about 5-6 of that was idle time).All in all, at the $5 price I paid, I'm very satisfied, and I'll be looking for more from Uppercut Games in the future - great job guys!"
,Not Recommended,301860,17381154,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GameDogLP,"I'm sorry I can't recommend this game for 20 dollars. Sure the environment is pretty and the sea life was my favorite part of this game, but it's STILL A GAME and the gameplay in Submerged is very boring and tedious. The story is very BLAH and lacks motivation. I found myself not caring one bit about the boy or girl, and where is the story about what happened to the world. Ugh... so much is missing from this game. Don't just take my word on it give it a watch for yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWfTICFHIsg"
,Recommended,301860,17413943,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Merty,"This features a character dynamic very similar to Wander and Mono of Shadow of the Colossus, mixed with the beauty of the post-apocalyptic world of Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. Wonderfully relaxing."
76561198045148402,Not Recommended,301860,35436027,Posted: 2 October,all,JZStudios,"This game reeks of lack of polish. I'm taking this as buying a rather good $3 piano medley album that happened to come with a free game.For the long, starting with concerns, read below. For the short, I do not recommend this game for $20, due to lack of polish, poor animation, clunky controls, disappointing graphics, lack of replayability or the want to do so, and I haven't finished collecting the ""story"" but considering it's just a scrapbook, looking it up online would work just fine. The gameplay is like the fun part (for me) of Assassins Creed with trying to figure out how to climb up the buildings, except remove the fun, the speed, or any choice of movement as it's either Route A. to objective, or Route B. to story page.On the plus side, as previously mentioned, the music is good and the audio is surprisingly above par with full 5.1 support.Oh, and I forgot to mention, if you just go from objective to objective you could probably beat this in half an hour first playthrough.I thought I should use a controller for this type of game, which is fully supported, but immediately noticed some goofy things. Walking forward (especially slowly) gives you that kind of 2003 era third person adventure shuffle slide walk animation, as well as the lack of a ""step up"" animation so the girl just kind of teleports about a foot upwards on top of the ledge. The funny thing about that is, for 90% of the locations it's completely flat ground, but they centralize you on an area with an angled roof where you basically have to do it any time you leave. Just kind of a goofy choice, and again, a bit of a lack of polish.On the subject of animations, they're pretty harsh. Nothing is smooth and fluid with the girl except for her typical light and breezy scarf/sash thing. You'd kind of expect when all the jump distances are the same, and you only have three types of movement (Walking, shimmying on a ledge, and hanging) that they would be much smoother. Instead it's almost like they pulled something off the Unreal marketplace and just made it ""work."" It's pretty evident in the videos, the girl starts a jump, the animation ends abruptly, then she reaches the ledge and the grabbing animation plays abruptly. Every single ledge in the game is exactly the same height, I don't honestly understand how this could look so goofy and unpolished other than using premade assets and slapping them in place.The exception to this rule is the 8 forms of wildlife scattered around the world, although I suppose fish aren't that hard to animate.The art style is decent, but the actual graphics tend to leave me unimpressed. There's very few very often repeating low quality textures, and of course assets like plants, rubble, etc... along with what appears the dark depths of either the black lagoon or hell itself as the water is a deep blue and has no translucency at all. I don't necessarily need/want a 150 foot deep view of the city streets below the water, but watching whales, dolphins, fish, buildings, floating garbage just instantly disappear under this mysterious void is a little disconcerting.I could easily get over the vegetation and other repeating assets, but the low quality textures and poor water (being ~80% of the graphics) really reduces the ""WOW! This looks amazing!"" factor.Again, there's exceptions to this, as the game (inexplicably really) has rather nice day/night and weather cycles which constantly change the lighting schemes and gives off those nice beautiful colors to reflect off the... crappy textures and actually not very reflective water.I (as mentioned) haven't collected all the story pages, but they're just very simple drawings wherein you try to infer as to what's happening in them. To it's credit, most of them are actually fairly easy to understand. The only I know for certain *spoilers I guess* is that there seems to be some type of algae sickness that's spread to all the animals, people, and the girl, of which turns the humans into gross green algae mutants. I've also seen a dead robot on top of the altar of the main hub which piqued my interst more than anything.The big problem in doing hidden story pages throughout the world is that it's just easier to Google them up rather than taking your slow sweet♥♥♥♥♥time gathering them, and you don't miss out on anything.The biggest plus to this game is the audio, which has its own minus. The sound mixing is actually surprisingly great, and works with full 5.1, with the lovely (and also rather bassy) piano medley music, wherein lies the rub.After a while of puttering about in your boat the music ends and... that's it. Doesn't repeat, doesn't play another song, just ends. So it's just you and the sounds of wind and the stupidly large amount of whales and dolphins jumping around, though cruising along with dolphins around you is kinda neat.And that's really all I have to say about this game. Nice sound design."
,Recommended,301860,22861141,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Vixzen,"You play as a young girl in Submerged who has arrived at a sunken city with her injured brother. You can travel around the city in a boat, and climb buildings for either clues as to what happened to the city, or to collect medical supplies for your brother. On your travels you can also record wildlife that you encounter, as well as finding upgrades for your boat to enable you to travel faster for longer. You have binoculars that can be used to identify collectibles as you travel around, and these get marked on the world map as you find them.This is not a climbing/traversal game in which you can die at an incorrect button press (Assassin's Creed, I'm looking at you!). The places that you can climb are clearly marked, and you are unable just to 'let go' or 'fall off' a platform even if you wanted to.This game is purely driven by the visuals it presents with an interesting story-line depicted throughout. The story is not told in words, but pictures, and the language that is used sparingly throughout the game is not a real one. Because of this game-play is very heavily based around your want and desire to collect, not just the medical supplies to progress the main story-line for your brother, but also the clues to find out what actually happened to the city.Submerged is a beautiful game with a great soundtrack and a powerful and harrowing story to tell, not just for the main character of the game but also the world in which it is set. If you're a fan of collecting things in a sandbox-style environment, then this may be a game for you to try. Overall the game-play mechanics (particularly the climbing) may get a little repetitive, but there's just something really enticing about the world, how it looks, wanting to find out what happened, looking at everything there is to see. I found this game very endearing, and though it is a little lacking in parts, it really made an impact and I'd definitely recommend it. I completed the game, with all achievements, in approximately 5 hours. Short, atmospheric, beautiful."
,Not Recommended,301860,25482196,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Drakevarg,"An extremely mellow short film of a game, Submerged is by no means a bad game, but it outstays its welcome and completely fails to justify its $20 pricetag.While I did purchase it for sale at $5, which I think is a significantly more reasonable asking price for what it is, it doesn't change the fact that the game is about 4-5 hours long and has enough story for maybe half that. Its pictographic record of what happened to the city and what led you there is fairly redundant, which I suspect was so you could piece together a reasonably clear picture without going out of your way to collect all the secrets, but it's most apparent that the game doesn't have that much to say when halfway through your flashbacks between missions change from an explanation of the past to literally just recapping the opening cutscene and the game itself.Gameplay-wise, Submerged is just another Ubisoft-style sandbox hidden behind a mellow, mysterious atmosphere that brings to mind Shadow of the Colossus if you took out all the fights with colossi. Find a waypoint, climb to the waypoint, repeat until win. Calling the climbing mechanics parkour would be inaccurate to say the least - there's no skill challenge involved, no possibility of failure and no room for intuitive thinking. You can only climb on specific sorts of ledges, even when there are easy shortcuts clearly within the realm of your character's physical abilities.All in all it works, especially since the main draw of the game is the relaxed atmosphere, but it's just not enough to justify its purchase or the time needed to play through it."
76561198049823969,Recommended,301860,17394028,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Avahog,"Warning: This Game is Remarkably Short...though it was kinda nice, the wee bit of it that there was."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,301860,23871055,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,OnlyCurmudge,"As others have noted, after you climb the first building you have seem most of what this game has to offer.  Subsequent fetch quests are just the same thing on a different building, and even the object you find at the top is always just exactly what you need at that moment (i.e., food if you are looking for food), so there is no real challenge to it.  Very nice to look at, just hollow."
,Not Recommended,301860,32017744,Posted: 28 May,all,Shine,"Pretty visuals, good story telling, lovely world, good music...All of it ruined and locked away behind completely pointless and tedious gameplay that serves to do nothing but waste time and drag everything out. This entire experience would have been so much better as a walking simulator with minimal interaction. At least then it wouldn't be tedious and annoying, you could just enjoy what the game DID have.The entire gameplay can be broken into two parts. Climbing and boating. Neither have anything going for them.- The city is flooded so you get between buildings sticking out of the water in your little boat. Cute at first but it becomes a pointless chore very quickly. You're not navigating dangerous waters, racing a clock, or anything. Just going from A to B and back again. Back and forth. You can find upgrades for your boat but they all do the same thing. Increase your boats boost reserves.-The only reason you boat about is to get to these buildings. What do you do at these buildings? Climb. Climbing is generic as seen in every modern game ever. You move up and down walls with vines on them, very slowly. That is it. No more to it.You get to the top of a building and get something and the story continues, and then you boat to another place and climb another building in a very tedious manner.The ONLY good thing that can be said is you find objectives in the world by using a looking glass at the top of buildings, scanning the world for caches of goods. This was actually kind of fun and complimented how pretty the scenery is. But then you have to climb down and boat there, making it a chore.The only way I'd recommend this is if you had a mountain of patience and loved modern video game climbing at its blandest."
,Recommended,301860,24557477,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,tijdreiziger54,"Diving into the world of Submerged is a pretty experience. The game is easy to play and is quite relaxing. Graphics look good, especially sunrise and sunset show nice effects. The music is good too.You play a girl who has arrived with her sick brother in a flooded city. In order to keep him alive you have to search for medications. Meanwhile you can find secrets telling the history of yourself and of the town. And you need abandoned boats from which you can use parts to keep your own boat in tact. To locate al this things, you can use a binoculars. At first face the city seems abandoned, but when the game evolves you find out it isn't. But who are those creatures? Well, that you have to find out yourself!The girl you are playing deserves deep respect! She's exploring the city, finding landmarks, avoiding collisions with big water creatures and she has to climb steep walls of high buildings. Again and again. Even when she gets ill herself, she still takes care of her little brother.As said, this is not a hard game to play. I sure can recommand it, rating it 8/10."
76561197983740996,Recommended,301860,25552633,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Chane,"'Submerged' takes you on a mysterious journey into a submerged city on a quest to save your brothers life. While you search for supplies to heal your brother you also reveal your past and the story of the city.The main aim in this game is to find collectibles that are scattered all over the city. Most of the time you have to climb the ruins on your search for supplies. Climbing feels a little like in 'Tomb Raider' or 'Assassins Creed' and there's not much more to do than search, climb and collect. Some players think this concept is too simple to recommend this game but I loved it. It's true, it's simple and very short. But the atmosphere of this sunken world is amazing and I enjoyed every minute of 'Submerged'.Pros:- nice graphics- good music- very good, realistic sound effects- great atmosphere- open word- changing weather that feels very realistic, watch the thunderstorms- day and night cycle- you can't die- mild horror elements- mysterious- exceptional- turns buildings into puzzles- very good camera control- possibility to continue exploring the city after finishing the main story- whales- post card option for extra beautiful screenshots- I took more than 200 screenshots in 7 hoursCons:- climbing gets a little repetitive but since the story is not too long I think it's OK- a little too simple- short'Submerged' is probably not a game for everybody but if you're looking for something peaceful, relaxing and simply want to experience the mood of this amazing world don't hesitate and give this game a try. 'Submerged' definitely deserves a recommendation if on sale."
,Recommended,301860,20131262,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xduckii,"If you're looking for a game that's a little bit more laid back with one real mission, then this is the game for you. When I played it, I expected a lot more, especially after reading some reviews. It turned out to be completely different than what I expected! It's a bunch of climbing and collecting and finding things. You're basically trying to save your little brothers life. Pretty simple game, but beautiful. This game literally touched my heart. I loved it. I'm really happy with it :)"
,Recommended,301860,29074742,Posted: 6 January,all,Boyce,"Submerged is an atmospheric game at its simpliest : you play as Miku, a young girl who needs to take care of her wounded and sick little brother. You explore a submerged city, looking for different items to improve the well-being of your brother.The game use a foreign dialect, like Ico. But it is pretty easy to understand what the characters are thinking. There are no enemies in this game and you cannot die. You just explore until you find a package containing medecine, food, water, etc. You accomplish this by climbing buildings, but don't expect Uncharted : the mechanics are really simple, although clunky a bit. Miku also moves slowly.The game is pretty, and the water effects are nicely done. The soundtrack is magnificent, although there are not a lot of different songs. There are also many secrets to be found, that explain what happened to the world. Miku has a lense that helps her spots hidden secrets.I recommend it because it is pretty different than your average game : no combat, no death, just a girl and her boat exploring a sunken city. If you want something different, you should give this game a shot."
,Recommended,301860,35476276,Posted: 4 October,all,caubert,"Well this one is hard. Still I kind have to recommend it 'cause in general this game is beautiful and interesting. Game has it's own language, to decipher the addendum storyline is easy and it adds up to narrative. But still, actually you are just drifting on your boat; away quite meaninglessly. Gameplays narrative intentions are easy to understand and it makes it a bit boring actually. Drift away, find something through your telescope and do this over and over again.I still recommend it, it's a chill-out game, graphically nice and definitely grab it whilst on sale."
76561198012649650,Recommended,301860,25274529,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,quint_89,"I enjoyed the game for what it was. A simple 3d platformer. Very stress free as you can't fail in any way, no falling, deadends or hazards."
,Not Recommended,301860,24920983,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,peliäly bob,"It's not bad, but it's not good either and it definitely isn't worth 20 euros.It looks like a nice and atmospheric adventure game but there honestly isn't anything else to this game than holding down W, controlling your camera with your mouse and occasionally using a telescope to search for the next dull building to climb. There is no combat (which in my opinion isn't necessarily a bad thing), and there isn't anything else to this game either. You can't fail any of the climbs, you don't have to do any jumps, you don't even have to balance when you walk on narrow beams, there are no time limits (even though your brother is dying), there is no dialogue, the ""atmospheric soundtrack"" is a couple of dull and repetitive piano tracks and the so-called background story is just scribbled pictures which I felt like were the result of lack of imagination / interest / skill from the developer rather than a fresh idea. The world is ridiculously small and collecting the journal ""entries"" (again, scribbled pictures) feels like a waste of time considering how little they have to say.Except for the lack of dialogue, it feels like a visual novel that is completed by holding down one button. I've played 90 minutes and I've completed most of the main ""story"", but I am not going to finish it since I'm refunding after writing this review.Overall it's just your average indie game; an overpriced, expected disappointment that somehow manages to get a ton positive reviews in steam."
,Recommended,301860,29303283,Posted: 16 January,all,Kryyss,"-- Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore— While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door. “’Tis some visitor,” I muttered, “tapping at my chamber door—Only this and nothing more.” --The Raven by Edgar Allen Poe is one of the most famous poems in classical english literature for the simple fact that it establishes all of its content and atmosphere in very simple ways. But when you read between the lines and take a step back to look what the poem is about, there is actually a great deal of depth there which is never directly referenced throughout the poem. The loss of a loved one, the grief of the main character and the way the poem builds tension in the mind of the reader. Why is this relevant to this review? Because Submerged is a visual poem. Short, but filled with emotion and atmosphere.Although not as clever or subtle as The Raven it tells the story of a world following a disaster, how people survived and the tale of how this young brother and sister came to be here. If you are expecting this to be a platformer then you'll be mistaken as it has more in common with walking simulators. Although it is very short, this works to the game's advantage as the environment is only interesting for a couple hours of exploration but nevertheless you really do get a great deal of atmosphere and some fantastic scenary to look at as the developer has spent a great deal of time polishing this one large environment. It's post-apocalyptic in a way you rarely see in games or movies. No deserts or char-filled ruins but rather a city that has been reclaimed by nature. There is the potential to explore the flooded city and find all of the secrets which reveal pictorial clues to the tale of this desolate place but once you've collected about half of them you can figure out what happened from the images. The tale of the siblings is certainly bitter-sweet and is not long to win any awards for originality but the animations and music convay the young girls personality very well despite the fact that she hardly utters a word. On the subject of animations however, although they did a fine job in most areas, the girl's running animation feels far too 'floaty' and may distract players from enjoying the game. Thankfully much of the game is spent in the boat or climbing and the animations here look fantastic.The downside to this game is that it may not be appealing for some players who are expecting an adventure. This is a game to relax to and not one to challenge you at all. Which is partly why it is good that you can see it through from start to end in a few hours. However, when you consider the price tag for doing this I would say that it isn't good value for money unless it is on sale for under £5. I picked this up during the winter sale and frankly it feels like money well spent as the experience was enjoyable from start to finish. But saddly there is absolutely zero replay value.It's great to see games that aren't about killing people or fighting in general. I'd love to see this developer do more games like this."
76561197994971393,Recommended,301860,35353835,Posted: 30 September,all,Occupant,"This game is amazing for a number of reasons. Here are a few of my favorite aspects of the game:1 It's gorgeous. The attention to detail on the scenery and the characters is top notch.2 It's intuitive. The controls are smooth and the designers used color, light, and other clever cues to make your basic options obvious without spoiling the realism.3 The story is subtle, but epic. There is far more to the story than just ""sister saves brother"" (though that part of the story is very compellingly told). I don't want to spoil anything here, but even just the basic campaign content has some interesting twists, though they are very understated (a bit like Shadow of the Colossus). But if you delve into the secrets to learn the story of the city, and decipher the script, there is even more interesting things going on in this world. Very good stuff.4 The music is perfect for the mood of the game. Relaxing, but somber.5 The exploration mechanics are great. As some negative reviews have mentioned, this isn't the kind of Tomb Raider experience where you have lots of heart-pounding action avoid monsters and traps, or have lots of puzzles to solve. But that doesn't diminish the game at all. This is an exploration game. The challenge is figuring out ""How do I get there from here?"" and I think that is a very satisfying mechanic.I think this game is a masterpiece."
76561198026181605,Recommended,301860,29790746,Posted: 8 February,all,LuckyDog,"9/10 ** Submerged is a calm, relaxing, Indie game of exploration with a decent storyline and pleasant music.  I give Submerged two thumbs up for taking the path less traveled, and in a very soothing, beautiful way. I used keyboard instead of a controller, and the movements were smooth, easy, and familiar - reminding me a lot of the ledge climbing in older Tomb Raider games. Finding all of the secrets, boat boosts, creatures, and crates was mildly challenging.  I enjoyed this game and would recommend it, as well as picking it up on sale, since I really don't see much replayability here. I'm guessing I spent about 8 hours in game from start to 100% Achievements, and consider this game a good value, and money well spent.Lastly, some of the negative reviews leave me wondering ""What were they thinking when they bought this game?"" No, there is not a chance of death from enemies, nature, or slipping off the ledge of a skyscraper...LOL  Submerged IS NOT a survival game! There are already hundreds of Steam survival games that already do precisely that, so who want's another carbon copy?! Besides, that would go against the experience that the developer had in mind IMHO. If a gamer reading this doesn't find the thought of a calm and relaxing game of exploration as being enjoyable, I respect that, and would strongly recommend you save your money for some CSGO DLC, or whatever you find exciting. There are plenty of other games that fill the bill for kill or be killed, and Submerged is not one of those...and wasn't meant to be - and that fact makes Submerged stand out as unique, and in a very good way.**Other Thoughts: The only thing I wish the developers had done differently was to make the playable character selectable, so that gamers could have the choice of playing as the older sister trying to save the little brother as they designed it...OR... have the option to play as an older brother trying to save a little sister.Cheers"
76561197971192496,Recommended,301860,17412194,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Midian808,"Not very far into it yet, but what a breath of fresh air!Very relaxing, almost meditative gameplay - beautiful environment and an intriging but unintrusive story.I don't know how long the game is, I don't really care - Watching humpback whales breaching at sunset, followed by racing dolphins in the moonlight - I got my money's worth.No combat, no enemies, no thirst, no hunger, no online, no crafting, no leaderboards, no killstreaks, no multipliers - no stress. Lovely :)"
76561197994258824,Recommended,301860,23993926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Reiyanis,"It is said the lost cities are cursed. Those who seek the knowledge of the old ways are doomed to never return. But your little brother Taku is injured. As Miku, do you have the courage to explore this sunken city to save your little brother?This is a very nice and relaxing game. You explore, finding items to save your brother and uncover the secrets of the world as well Miku and Taku's story. No combat nor death. I recommend this game for all ages."
,Recommended,301860,23962906,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Woody,"This game delivers one hell of an experience.The story is beautifull, giving you two seperate stories (the fall of the world, and the story of the girl) in one.Although the climbing could become monotonous, it's perfectly enjoyable in one-hour doses.The music score works perfectly to capture the ambience of the game.Do get the soundtrack edition!"
76561198133388550,Recommended,301860,30224042,Posted: 27 February,all,M. Shepard,"Ahhhh, a peacefull break when you're tired of killing zombies and terrorists. A relaxing, very pleasant game, with a cute storyline, nice music and graphics and a very enjoyable melancholic atmosphere. Beautiful lighting effects, changing weather, storms, hurricanes, rain, sun, wind, day and night are amazing. Just perfect for these moments of chilling when you just need to do nothing in front of your computer. Nothing complicated here, very simple gameplay, you climb all these wonderful abandoned buildings to discover that strange city's secrets and the story of these two kids.You don't fight, you can't die, you can't get hurt. It's all about enjoying the scenery and the soundtrack, exploring that mysterious world submerged by water and filled of an incredible fauna and flora.ASMR gaming :D So relaxing.No need to rush, just relax and enjoy it. I have really nice moments every day.Good point is you unlock an exploring mode when you finish the game. So you can keep on exploring the map to complete everything and to enjoy it more longer :)"
,Recommended,301860,22294345,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,rizlmilk,"Overall, Submerged is a decent game. Here are some thoughts:Many of the reviews refer to this game as a platformer. This is absolutely not a platformer. You don't do any traditional jumping in this game. You simply direct the main character from ledge to ledge with no timing or danger involved.The game appears more beautiful in screenshots and trailers than it actually is. In reality, you will spend the majority of game time hugging a wall that is simply a repeated texture of windows and concrete.I beat the game in 2 hours. There were more collectibles available for me to find, but I didn't feel compelled in the slightest to find them. Simply finding the main items of the game tells the minimal story. I applaud the developers for making a game that doesn't force itself to continue going for the sake of padding game time. The two hours I had was fun, but if it dragged much longer I would have ended up hating the experience.I would not pay $20 for this game. I purchased it on sale ($7.49) an I am happy with it at that price point."
,Not Recommended,301860,35464212,Posted: 3 October,all,Bubbles,"I've been on the edge of buying this game for quite some time actually. And boy am I disappointed. I like the idea of a combat-free exploration game set in a post-apocalyptic world, but the store page doesn't mention that it's also completely challenge-free. The game holds your hand so damn hard that there is no point for me to keep playing. While climbing or walking next to a gap you can't fall down, invisible walls prevent you from falling over. When trying to spot the next building with supply drops on top of it there are indicators pointing towards the ""right"" building. There is not even the chance to have a look around before it being put right in front of your nose. The map also contains information about how many ""secrets"" you can find on top of each building. For a game which completely relies on exploration and wandering around this seems unacceptable to me.This might actually be quite a nice game for young children who want to practice their basic movement skills in a more or less beautiful game and I'd recommend it only for that.But for a 32 year old guy like me the gameplay was beyond boring and bland, without the story being very appealing to me either."
,Recommended,301860,25697103,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,[TFD] al Qamar,"SubmergedIntro:This is a pretty special game and I would completely agree if one says that it is pretty difficult to rate it either with a thumbs up or down.Yet there is a saying that perfectly fits to describe Submerged in a very few words – no risk, no fun!Very recently completed this game and actually it is the first game that I considered for completion of achievements as there aren't many to get.I've bought Submerged solely because I liked the artwork of the game and most of all I hoped for great music done by Jeff van Dyck (Total War Rome 1 OST and other).But at the end of the day I was rather disappointed by the game.Submerged is ok for people that seek a smaller distraction from the daily life but the repetitiveness throughout the game makes one (at least me) sick.Not only the soundtrack - well-crafted as expected - brings too less variation into the game, also the graphics and the options what you are going to do in this game are pretty limited.Actually this game is forcing you to do very few things - good enough to taught a child some focus and patience. But it is seriously not so enjoyable for an older grown up like me.So what is this game about?You are landing in an abandoned mostly sunken city with many buildings and references to our human culture so it is not completely fictional at all. There is just you and your seriously wounded brother. Your mission is to give up your own in sake of restoring your brother’s health.Pro's and cons:And thats pretty much it. This story may have provided some good stuff for a real drama, but this game is far from being one.In the first place one might think Lara Croft could get jealous - as this girl is able to climb up and jump climb up and jump and climb down and actually able to climb either ladders, rain water downpipes or 2 variants of red brushwood. But actually there is a big difference to Lara in the end.This climbing action quite all action you can have in the game to interact with the complete and big environment of Submerged. And this makes this game soooo boring. You cannot hurt yourself, you cannot make a wrong step and fall down from a high building as well. You are getting ill over time but don't have to supply yourself in any way. It is all about the brother.Everything seems perfectly peaceful. The music does contribute to this very much but gets repetitive as well soon enough.The most interesting thing this game has to offer are actually the very beautiful visuals because weather, day and night changes. The Buildings look impressive and seem to have many variants in the first place, but soon enough you notice they are just dead blocks of stone, assembled with some plants to let them look wild and exploreable. They are the only objects that a player can actually interact within the game (and a boat) - and so your options are extremely limited.This game would have been much more enjoyable to me if there were more real secrets to find, if I could have explored the majestic monuments, doing a skydive from the highest point in the map - simply having more immersion in any way.Jeff van Dyck has done a good job on the music but there is also too less music to give this game enough live and most of all tension.And most of all there only one aspect of tension in the game and that's about some golems and the urgent question how this all would come to an end. If your brother will make it through or not.This sadness cannot be compensated by some animals striving around in the water (only), while the buildings are completely abandoned.Conclusion and rating:Submerged is a pretty special game - it is on the edge of my liking and I'd rate it with a thumbs up for the original idea and music, but not for the gameplay that is too shallow.I rate submerged with a fair 5/10. Where the most points are spent for the pure nostalgia of listening to some new tunes of Jeff van Dyck and the basically interesting idea of the game."
,Recommended,301860,31033524,Posted: 8 April,all,Jhun,"Submerged is a short exploration game that I feel just barely missed the mark for being an exceptional game and left me wishing there was more to it.Visually the game is beautifully realized, if a bit repetitive. The city is large, haunting and begs to be explored. There's a lot of sights to be seen, and a treat for people who like abandoned or post-apocalyptic cityscapes. I think this is where I feel most disappointed in the game though, because I felt that it had so much more to offer with the environment it gives you to explore. A vast majority of the city is just window dressing, and is strictly look-but-don't-touch. I would have loved to actually been able to scale any of the buildings, and being able to go inside them an take a look around would have been heaven. As it is, there's actually very little to do in a world that looks like there would be a ton of stuff to do. It feels like a missed opportunity.Gameplay basically boils down to exploring the city on your boat, with some of the taller buildings acting as islands that you can scale. The climbing portion is the main aspect of Submerged, and I feel that it would have been better suited as a platformer. Video and pictures may give the impression of a platformer, but your actions are performed automatically for you, and so there's no skills required to play this game. Lacking the need for timing, spacing or precision that a platformer needs, this is essentially a maze-based exploration game: you simply pick a path and follow it through. I understand that Submerged isn't meant to be a platformer, but again, it just feels like it should have been something more.I recommended the game, but with some big reservations. First, at full price it's really difficult to justify what you'll get. There are other exploration, narrative focused games that offer a similar, if not better, experience for less money. At about 5 hours worth of gameplay, I'd put the value of this game at about $10 USD, anymore than that is pushing it. Secondly, there's very little actual gameplay. Your skills won't be tested, there's no progression, and you can't fail in anyway. This game is more about uncovering the mistery of the city, your character's story, seeing the sights the world has to offer. If you can enjoy that and don't mind a repetitive but beautiful world, then get the game."
76561198032231006,Recommended,301860,17500115,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Grahf,"Beautiful, Peaceful, Explorative, Climbing, Symbolism. If that doesnt sound for you then you can take it from there..."
,Not Recommended,301860,26629035,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LittleTytos,"Moving meaningful story.Occasional beautiful cinematic moments with sceneryVery basic level design.Slow boring exploration. Forces appreciation of your surroundings, which are occasionally beautiful, melencholy and thought provoking, but mostly just repeditive.Copy past architectual style, which seems unrealistic to make up an ENTIRE city CBD.I wanted the methods, modes, speed and complexity of exploration varied and evolved. They didn'tI wanted different individual peaople's stories to be uncovered as I explored the ruins of their homes, businesses, lives. It didn't.Slowly crawling over the same-looking building facarde was very boring. The 'more fun' shapes were more tedious. Sorry"
76561198008599900,Not Recommended,301860,35480833,Posted: 4 October,all,Tyro,"I've been following this game for a while on their youtube channel and forgot about it until recently.I was really excited about this title, and had quite high hopes for it from the start.My overall experience was however a bit like pulling teeth... over and over and over again.It's not because the game is made poorly, the game is as solid as a brick dunny. The only bug/issue I encountered was that the boat would occasionally stall/stop completely. (This may even be intentional)The issue is with the game mechanics and level design.The world is beautiful, it's quite nice to just cruise around and explore it with the boat, get off on some of the smaller islands/buildings. The problem is that the smaller islands are the more interesting places to go, and the main story with the caches requires you to go to the big buildings that all look and feel very similar.Not only are the buildings very similar, but you're only ever really climbing on the facade of the buildings, with very few exceptions to the rule. There's some beautiful areas that just aren't accessible for exploration, and you're locked into walking along the predefined paths that the game wants you to take. (This is the part that really annoys me.)I don't mind the restriction of movement so much, it's that I don't get anything extra out of the restriction. I understand it's meant to stop the player from bypassing some of the climbing puzzles, but after climbing a handful of buildings that all look and feel the same, you want to bypass the puzzles, because they aren't challenging.Going for the extra pages for the story can sometimes be a bit of a challenge, but the pages aren't very interesting, and you know after a few buildings that you won't find any other ""secrets"" other than the pages. Same goes for the boat upgrades that only ever give your boat more stamina. It takes away from the fun of finding a secret or any kind of loot, if you know what it's going to be before picking it up.Unfortunately this is sort of the theme for the game. A few core mechanics, which don't really do much for the experience. The first building you climb is quite fun, and it's fun to explore the world until you start to see the mechanics behind it all. The game is just too predictable.I hope to see another game from Uppercut soon, that expands on the mechanics they built for this, and makes it a less repetitive experience."
,Recommended,301860,24553848,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Psyringe,"Beautiful exploration game with a touching story - and severe limitationsSubmerged is a 3d exploration game set in the overgrown ruins of a partly flooded city. You navigate your boat through the ruins until you find natural mooring places - at these, you can leave the boat and climb the respective building. The goal of the game is to save your injured brother by finding 10 supply crates, which are scattered across the city. Optionally, you can also search for 60 ""secrets"" that will tell you more about the city's history. While the game progresses, you will also learn more about your own past.The stories about your past (and that of the city) are told by showing simple images, which look like child drawings and form story sequences. I found them touching in their melancholy, even though they remained quite simple.The climbing mechanics, which form the main part of the gameplay, are very simple as well. You cannot fail or fall, invisible walls rein you in. Surprisingly for a game that focuses so much on exploration, there is actually not much freedom for doing so. Many buildings are just decoration, some just consist of two ledges that lead to a ""secret"" - less than a dozen buildings actually provide areas to explore. Even on those, you can only climb along very few pre-defined linear paths, with occasional branches. Your character cannot jump, so even a knee-high step poses an insurmountable obstacle.The graphics are amazingly beautiful, though a bit repetitive. There are lots of copy-pasted plants and walls, but you'll also keep finding the occasional new structure while exploring. Excellent, calm music enhances the relaxing gameplay and the melancholic atmosphere.The game seems very polished, as it provides many of the convenience features that often get forgotten:Keys are fully rebindableMany graphics options are availableThe game can be saved anywhereThe area remains open for exploration after the story has been finishedAchievements were added in a way that benefits the game, does not distract from it, encourages further exploration, and doesn't make it too hard to get them.I also didn't encounter a single bug or glitchPersonally I liked the game for its beauty, its emotional (if simple) story, and its relaxing atmosphere. I was disappointed by the very limited freedom of movement while exploring the ruins, but still enjoyed the experience. In the end this is a short and rather simplistic game that does not try to offer a lot of things, but does quite well on most of the aspects that itdoesoffer. I feel, however, that the current price tag (20€ SRP, down to 6.79€ on sales) is too high for the game's limited content. At this price, I'll recommend to wait. At half that price, I'd recommend to buy it, if the game's strong points cover things that you like."
,Recommended,301860,25567543,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Panda Switch Vassili,"Chill exploring game in a superb dystopic submerged world, where nothing can harm you. Climbing skycrapers and gathering resource for saving your brother. Great visual and sound, Submerged is a new way to tell 3 stories without using a single word."
76561197993657538,Recommended,301860,17418966,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Fullmatad,Nice and relaxing game. Finally found everything. I recommend this if you like to explore.
76561198052690969,Recommended,301860,17506830,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Jiipsy,In a market saturated with combat games in their numerous forms it's a pleasant change to come across Submerged.My preference for non-combat games where you can't die limits my options drastically so I was pleased to add Submerged to my library.The story is told without words and the game play is pleasant and casual.The only downside is that it's not long enough :) I'm hoping there will be a Submerged 2!
76561197997916536,Not Recommended,301860,22094456,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Juggler,"This is a fairly pretty game with not much else going for it. The selling point was supposed to be the story, but this is very minimal, and comes not from the game itself but rather from diary pages you collect from around the map.Gameplay is exclusively climbing on ledges with the arrow keys: this would be okay, except that it's slow, repetative, and requires no skill except patience. It's a short game, but I still got bored about half-way through. I tend to like indie walking simulators, but this one didn't have enough going on to make it worth it.If you love games like Ico but wish they didn't have any fighting, platforming, or puzzle solving, buy Submerged when it's on sale. Otherwise, go buy Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons instead. In fact, do that regardless."
,Not Recommended,301860,35483366,Posted: 4 October,all,plinii,"the game is visually very nice with its somber enviroment of a ruined flooded city being reclaimed by nature. the soundtrack is great if a little unfitting. these are the only nice things i can say about the game, unfortunately.there's no enemies, no combat, no damage, no way to die. you just look for buildings to climb to find boxes to help your brother who does absolutely nothing in the game at all besides writhe around in agony. the characters are extremely boring and forgettable. the extent of feels i have for taku is this: get the boxes for him so i can be done with this game already. i probably saw the sister's name somewhere but i don't remember it for the life of me. why would i care anyway?half of this game is climbing and the climbing is extremely boring and tedious; like i said before there's no way to die so all it is is just find the right path up the building to get the box. it doesn't even feel like i'm playing a game here. there's plenty of ""secrets"" scattered throughout the city but i just didn't feel compelled to make any effort to collect them at all. i enjoyed the first few minutes of it but after that i just wanted to be done so i can uninstall the game and regret spending the 2 dollars on it... i wish it had never gone on sale so i wouldn't have wasted my time with it."
,Recommended,301860,29528299,Posted: 27 January,all,Kus,"Very casual game of exploration, as an indie dev project it feel a bit ""light"" - there's nothing really to do but exploration.And climbing - that part is obviously copied and pasted from the Assassin's Creed series but it's a good game mechanic and it works fine here.There's something more to Submerged, thought. The artistic choices and ambiance are spot on, and the whole scenario/situation does make the player appropriate this beautiful yet worrying world.Two fingers of Assassin's Creed, a copious amount of Waterworld and a dash of Valium would make this great cocktail of a game."
,Not Recommended,301860,25926809,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Wigpidgeon,"Very interesting sytle, and interesting gameplay, however it does get a bit repetitive, so I was finding it a little boring towards the end. Enjoyable and relaxing to play, but there is no variation in the gameplay or story at all, you're just essentially doing the same thing over and over again. Took me less than 3 hours to finish. I can't recommend it at the current price, but if you can get it for under a fiver it's probably worth it."
76561198010427350,Not Recommended,301860,17412281,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Attackimkimone,"Waaay to expensive.It's pretty much the same thing from the first minute to the last minute.Unless you are really intrested in the story i can't recommend this.And don't let the screenshots fool you, it's not that pretty. (1440p everything at ultra)"
76561198076338399,Recommended,301860,24364465,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,gab_cocoaloco,"I LOVE this game! It is truly a Beautiful game. Very good art work. The buildings look amazing. The story is great. The soundtrack is Awesome. There isn't one thing I don't like about this game. I love how Beautiful the game is. It is absolutely astonishing. The buildings have character and add to the whole story. The creatures even add their own piece to the puzzle. I could keep on going on and on about the absolute awesomeness of this game, it really is THAT good. This game is good for all ages and is definitely worth a billion screenshots. I could take screenshots every time I got on (I already do.) and never catch all the wonderful artistry. I love this game and will definitely play it again and again once I am finish it if only just to see the Awesome art work.I recommend this game to everyone especially if you like games where you explore (My favorite part.)Totally worth every penny.Enjoy :)"
76561198068910737,Recommended,301860,23938870,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hannibal-chan,"First of all, Submerged is a beautiful game. The scenery is amazing and it has a day/night cycle and different types of weather which made it all the more enjoyable for me.Though it is quite a repetative game and not as challenging as I would have liked it was still nice. It's a game to relax with.That said, if you want a relaxing, beautiful, but not difficult or challenging game with a cute and simple story this game might just be for you.If you're looking for an exploration game like Tomb Raider or Uncharted, this game will probably not be for you.I say get it while it's on sale if you're curious. (Y)"
,Recommended,301860,23889748,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[Jon] Flaky,"Good game. Not one of my favourites but still nice. The atmosphere and graphics were fine. I found it hard to follow the story since there were no voices, just hieroglyphs. Anyway, that was an interesting twist. It would have also been great to be alble to check inside some of the buildings (at least the most interesting ones). Playability is fine, no crashes here and save system works flawless.TIP: When searching in main buildings DO search for everything before finding crates. It'll save you ages.I give it a 7/10 and recommend it only while on sale. Otherwise, it is too expensive for what you take!"
76561197974105367,Recommended,301860,33091651,Posted: 1 July,all,METAL,"good music, good atmosphere, story explained without any dialog.a relaxing game were you can explore at your own pace without any worries of dying. you can not fall or drown. you are in a  big flooded city, that is available to be explore. but, the game is not for everyone. it is rather slow and it can get a bit tedious when climbing buildings to find provisions.i would not recommend it at full price since it is rather short, regardless if you take your time."
,Recommended,301860,25488469,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bilbo_51,I have really enjoyed playing this game so far. I love exploring at my own pace and finding collectibles scattered everywhere. The game is very simple and doesn't have a complex story but it's enjoyable for what it is. I couldn't justify getting the game at full price but it's definitely worth picking up on sale. I only wish I had a better computer to run it as I think it would look really great at max settings.
,Recommended,301860,25538611,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,txster,"All exploration, no combat, a bit of collectibles to hunt around for in a sunken city.. I liked my time with Submrged a lot, cute and relaxing. You can't fall off ledges, it is 100% pure exploration. The palette reminded me a bit of older Tomb Raider titles, enough climbing to recall (again older) Assassin's Creed title, just a whole lot 'lighter' in mood and yes gameplay.Done 100% in a bit under 6 hours, used a map for the last 3 collectibles I had missed."
,Not Recommended,301860,33576609,Posted: 15 July,all,Maestro (it),"(If there was a ""Meh"" answer for ""Do you recommend this game?"", I would have chosen it...)Got this during the Sale for €3.99, knew it was short and had no combat, bought it as a puzzle.Nice map, nice graphics in general though it has glitches from time to time.The game play starts good, but after a while it becomes repetitive: go out, find building, climb, take crate.If it was any longer I would have abandoned it, but knowing it was short I completed it..Its too short for the full price, I even feel the sale price is too much for the length, but I spent good 3 hours on it...."
,Not Recommended,301860,28654910,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Black_Jade,"Not worth full price, I beat this game in two hours.Not enough content and you pretty much do the same thing over and over which is scale buildings.Honestly I would say maybe $5.00 would be a fair price for something this lacking in content"
,Not Recommended,301860,32775067,Posted: 25 June,all,SoudeCaustix,"I really don't know if I recommand it or not ...++nice map, well done, it's a real pleasure to explore it.--the story,path to crates sometimes boringreally short story if it's a storyso play it if you want to spend times on map exploration."
,Recommended,301860,29779253,Posted: 8 February,all,The Highlander,"You drift into a city in that is in a post-apocalyptic state, half submerged. You are the older sister to a brother who needs medical attention. Using your boat and a telescope you explore this desolate, overgrown place to find what you need to help your brother. Along the way, you learn the city's story and your own, told without words but in the form of cards. As you progress you learn more and more.Each building you explore has ledges and ridges you use to climb and descend. Underway you discover creatures, landmarks and upgrade your boat and of course magnificent vistas. There are no enemies to fight.The good stuffA beautiful looking and sounding game with an engrossing story. The way in which the story is told, without words is a great concept that works quite well.This game is all about quiet and slow exploration. There's no rush and no combat. It's not even possible to fall and die.The controls are excellent. The jumping, walking and climbing are perfectly executed. No frustration there at all. Games that know how to handle controllers on PC/Steam correctly, without confusing one with the other are worth a thumbs up.The puzzles of getting to all locations on a building are fun and not hard.The not so good stuffThe graphics are beautiful but there are some problems. Statues with texture seams at the back, being able to walk through plants as if they weren't there. The sun which jumps from position to position giving odd shadow jumping effects.The game is too short. When you've found all the supply boxes the game ends. You can go back to find all secrets and boat upgrades but it wil take you only a few (4 or 5) hours to do it all.In the version I played the music was stuttering while in the map and journal."
76561197982805898,Not Recommended,301860,28890220,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TeganNotSara,"Elements of this game are interesting, the story telling, the exploration and the uncharted like climbing mechanics.Unfortunately lacking is any sort of real challenge - Overall you get the same effect of watching a let's play on youtube."
,Recommended,301860,30305034,Posted: 3 March,all,ミシェル,"This game is truly amazing. Beautiful scenery and a variety of detail and special input for great gameplay experience/atmosphere. The storyline is surprisingly decent. The game is quite simple, lacks consequence which would make the game a bit more intense, but I guess a relaxing game once in awhile isn't bad. It requires a some simple tasks/missions in order to beat. The tasks are a little bit repetitive, I would have like a little bit more of variety and more focus on the storyline itself. With that being said, I greatly enjoyed the game. 7/10."
76561198390555691,Recommended,301860,35453405,Posted: 3 October,all,tHe<KING>,"Got this game in 90% offIt's worth that much only.Great game , keeps u exploring if u like explorer games.Tends to get repetitive but story and soundtrack keep u playing"
76561198128795235,Not Recommended,301860,25480707,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ningengirai,"At times, a sight to behold. Most of the time 'Submerged' is as dreadful in its repetitiveness as it is in its blandness. Those who fancy the odd collectibles hunt might be right at sea, whereas those looking for an entertaining and meaningful adventure should leave their boat chained at the docks and are better off heading for the nearest pub.AVOID, unless on sale for less than a fiver."
,Not Recommended,301860,29766979,Posted: 7 February,all,trgz,"I'd really like a thrid option to express the so-so-ness of this game. It's not that it's terrible, but neither is it that good, it's just a bit meh.Think early Tomb Raider type climbing, without the guns but less enthralling; the look of Enslaved: Odyssey to the West; slightly poor animation; iffy camera changes; and a story without words but a helluva lot of text to read and Sims-style vocals.So sadly I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,301860,17729943,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Superconsole,"Submerged is a combat-free third person adventure game, which in theory combines the climbing elements from Assassin's Creed with the boating segments of The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker.While it may be a beautiful game, with an emotional and intriguing story told cleverly via pictoral cave-like drawings, Submerged falls slightly short when it comes to its at times patchy textures, repetitive gameplay mechanic and rather-on-the-short-side run time. On the whole I'd recommend Submerged as an interesting gaming experience, but worth keeping its shortfalls in mind before you buy!Full video review below! :https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=JFUqlO02udE"
,Recommended,301860,24612438,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DEagleDave,"This is essentially a puzzle game, set in a graphically rich, ancient flooded city. You have no weapons, there is no opposition to fight, and you can't die. You must travel from ruined building to ruined building climbing up and around and through every building, finding the supplies and useful items to aid you in your search. As a complete break from any sort of game where you do have a weapon of any sort for offence or defence, I found this a gorgeous water playground, cruising through the very realistic looking deep ocean swells, then clambouring up some very tall buildings working out how to get down, up, around to find everything. Not a particularly long game but a relaxing break from playing the shooters and with some lovely eye candy tossed in as well. If they made a bigger map and added a few extra types of items/buildings... I'd be in like Flynn to buy that too :)"
76561197991392616,Recommended,301860,29970217,Posted: 16 February,all,rabu,"Really enjoyable game. No rush, explore and find clues and items.  The puzzles are how to get up the buildings and get access to the items on different levels and roof tops, etc... lots of climbing up and down and trying to figure out the best route. It gets a bit tedious, but wondering where the story line is going keeps you at it  Graphics are pretty amazing with changing weather and time of day.  Really beautiful lighting effects and animated water, rain, etc. Also, lots of surprising water creatures that pop up.There are no instructions as to how to play, you just sort of figure it out as you go using logic and visual clues. The cards that show up are at first non sensical, but as the game progresses you begin to figure out what the symbols on them refer to. If you want a slow moving, enjoyable exploring game, this is great. I ended up using a X360 controler translator to enable my PC Thrustmaster joystick to work in game so that I could control the boat more easily with joy stick buttons for the map, journal, telescope, and boost and the stick controlling the throtle and steering. Much more enjoyable then using the keyboard buttons."
76561198050923461,Recommended,301860,25498472,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Drakmanka,"First off, I enjoy this game. I haven't gotten very far in it, but it's pleasant, peaceful, and has a lovely soundtrack. There's a lot of mystery surrounding the world and that makes you want to explore to learn more about it. A lot of the details are left to your imagination, so no one will understand it in exactly the same way.That said, this game is definitely not for everyone. As stated above, it's very peaceful and has no death mechanic. It's great for stress-relief when you've had a long, trying day, especially with it's soundtrack. The game is almost purely exploration, with a small plot thread that gently pushes you to continue exploring.If you like games of this nature, you'll love Submerged. If not, spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,301860,23940900,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,VengefulTeapot,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. Anyone who thinks this game is too short or pointless did not take the time to actually enjoy what the game has to offer, they simply played to finish the game. I spent quite some time aimlessly boating around simply to experience the different weather and see the world in different lighting. The postcard feature allows you to really enjoy the graphics and even score some beautiful screenshots set up exactly how you want.  I highly recommend this beautiful experience."
,Recommended,301860,32783163,Posted: 25 June,all,phrounz,"I didn't finished it, but even if Taku is hurt and some monsters hide in the towers, it seems quite peaceful and non-violent. It is also quite easy and straightforward, and there is apparently no way to die. So overall it's nice, but nothing exceptional in the gameplay or the storyline; I think it's better fitted for children/teens."
,Not Recommended,301860,17464083,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,reelvideo7,"A bit tedious for those who've played one too many of the early (climb-everything) ""Assassin's Creed"" titles, ""Submerged"" nevertheless provides a relatively relaxed atmosphere (and a pleasant musical score) in a dialogue-less game."
,Recommended,301860,17975959,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Atreyu,"Just finished the game, and I was on the fence about a thumbs up or down. I'll go with up, but just barely. This isn't something I'll be going back to. I doubt it'll ever even enter my mind again.You're an explorer in an open flooded city. The art and atmosphere are pretty good, particularly the animals you encounter. But soon you'll realize that half the story (that of the city) is told through random collectibles that are a bit of a chore to get. This was my first disappointment with the game. If that's your thing, well, great. But narrative and superfluous collection don't go well together. The good thing is it doesn't take /that/ long to get them, you'll just have to backtrack occasionally.My second disappointment was that barely any of the buildings are explorable. You've got the 10 buildings in which you fetch medical supplies, the 1 building you occupy, and a bunch of generic, copy and paste, smaller, hollow structures littered around the city that all have one collectible story piece in them. They're like those frustrating islands and beaches in Black Flag you land at to find one chest, or one song sheet. The rest of the buildings are filler. The 10 main buildings have a little variation between them, but not much. Earlier in my playthrough I found myself circling a lot of the non-enterable buildings checking for a docking station.Why am I recommending this game if I only have bad things to say about it? Well, the good thing is that the game is short, so the repetition doesn't last long until the game is over, so you can focus on the beautiful music and the stunning views while playing, and trying to save your brother is enough to motivate you through the few hours.In summary, this is a short, fairly shallow but pretty game that I would recommend just for a quick distraction."
,Recommended,301860,19373071,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Wolf of Calabarzon,"This is a sedate game focusing around a girl's attempts to gather supplies to nurse her injured younger brother back to health amidst a partially submerged (roll credits!) city. There is, as it says, no combat in this game, no fail state. You merely explore the environment, and what a gorgeous environment it is. I can understand how many would be put off by this game's lack of combat, but for me, I found it quite relaxing and a welcome addition to my set of gaming experiences. I bought it on sale for $10 and consider it a steal.On the down side, it is a rather short game -- I took my time collecting all the collectibles, and completed the story in a little over six hours. I imagine one could race through it in less than half that, if they were so inclined."
76561198074602603,Recommended,301860,26508514,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Henrimagne,"What a sparkling little gem this game is!  A true visual treat.A girl arrives at a submerged city with her sick little brother.  She has to search all corners of the map for supplies to get him well, scaling deserted buildings and roaming the creature-filled waters in a small boat.  Finding all the secrets scattered around the city slowly reveals the past: the siblings' story as well as the events that befell the city.Submerged is beautiful all around, from the characters and the story to the colourful world with its creatures, blue sea, sunrises and sunsets (day and night cycle).The keyboard and mouse controls for the game are very simple.  No complicated moves or combinations of keys to master, which leaves the player free to explore and enjoy the scenery.  And the calming piano and orchestra music leaves one in absolutely no real hurry to find all the supplies, secrets and boat upgrades.  In fact, you may well be tempted to spend some time observing and following the whales, the dolphins, the manta rays ...  Our heroine can't die and she can't fall from buildings or high places, although figuring out what ledges to follow and where certain items are located on buildings may provide some small puzzles.Submerged is a game of exploration: finding items and finding the past.  It is about saving your little brother's life but at the same time it is about relaxing and taking in the beautiful surroundings.  It is a welcome retreat from the chaos of fast-paced action games.  It is about enjoyment, a respect for life, being inspired.  The developers took great care to create a visually attractive and endearing game.  I would recommend this game any day."
76561198067052700,Recommended,301860,28278443,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Coolin,"It's a bit of walking simulator i guess, except you know, on a boat.  The gameplay loop consists of a bunch of repetitive fetch quests but it's short and pretty sweet.  I felt I wanted to know more about the lore and city's back story, outwith what is drip fed to you by finding the secret locations, which you stumble across in your quest to fetch important plot devices.The whole things feels almost like a proof of concept or a prologue to something bigger, which could be great if they mixed the gameplay up a bit, not neccesarily combat (there isn't any) but maybe some more climbing mechanics or something? More interaction with the world around you too, as opposed to simply existing in this world I would like it to have reacted to me more.If you see it ina bundle or on sale it's worth a few hours of your time.  The developers have built an interesting sandbox, I just wish there was I could do in it."
,Recommended,301860,28760446,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PhantomKatoKei,"Submerged is a game that survives primarily on design and atmosphere.  The deserted, withered, plant-covered city lends itself to an isolated yet peaceful feeling as you sail around and through it.  The fact that it changes from day to night, the landmarks you come across, the view from the tops of buildings, it's a treat.  The creatures you come across are also kind of interesting in design, albeit a little too simple, and they add a serene calm to the game.  It's especially fun seeing one of them behave differently as you watch, and I won't spoil what the creature is, but I will say it's worth sailing around.  Exploring the area and taking in the sights is easily the most engaging thing about this game.  Sadly, however, the gameplay and the story kind of work against the game as a whole.  The gameplay largely consists of point A to point B then climbing point B; while it lets you take in the scenery, it’s not exactly thrilling or challenging.  And that really does drag this game down considering…well, that this is a game.  The story, meanwhile, is incredibly simple, and that does work to the advantage of the atmosphere, but without giving anything away, the ending makes no sense.  Additionally, the concept of the plot has been done before in better games.  There is also a backstory given to both your character and the world itself, told through cave painting-like images, and it’s admittedly a little creative.  But while the character’s backstory is easy enough to follow (excluding the very last pieces), the world’s backstory requires thorough exploration for which there really is little reward outside of achievement hunting.  This is very much an atmospheric game alone, but it is enjoyable in that respect.  If you want a game you can take in and relax with, I do honestly recommend it getting it on sale like I did.  Just don’t expect to fall in love with it."
76561198168154268,Recommended,301860,29829878,Posted: 10 February,all,CloudyWolf,"This Game is amazing! The level design and concept is beautiful, it's a very simplistic game but it works. The only downsides are, it could do with some more fleshing out there's not that many climbable buildings or actual goals in the game and the map is fairly small.Pro's:Great conceptNo Tutorial really needed (Simple game play)Good simple story (when you figure it out)Beautiful level designCon's:Small MapsizeLack of character developmentNeeds more content (like side missions and collectables)Can be complete 100% in a few hoursTo summerise: I highly recommend this game, I had fun playing it and I hope there will be a sequel, perhaps with more content. If you're looking for something with relaxed game play this is it, if you want something a little more in depth for your money perhaps not."
,Recommended,301860,24571326,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,"This is a hard game to recommend because if you need good game play mechanics to enjoy a game or any sort of challenge this is not the game for you and you will hate it. However, if you want a relaxing experience this game offers a lovely atmosphere to get lost in for a few hours.Special note to the music, the soundtrack is absolutely gorgeous."
76561198067851126,Recommended,301860,34092740,Posted: 7 August,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"This game is not as bad as the reviews make it out to be. i think the main reason for the poor reviews is that this game doesn't live up to its potential. It isn't what it COULD be and probably not even what it SHOULD be but that doesn't mean it is a bad game.I was looking for something a bit ""Tomb Raidery"" (yes, those are real words... I swear). This scratched the itch as far as climbing and exploring ""ruins"" but not nearly the same or as good as tomb raider so don't think that when you go in. It has a nice little story. The animations are quite good while the environmental textures could use some work. Gameplay is a little repetitive and can get boring but it is a short game so i didn't really have  achance to get bored.All in all, i would say this is a good game to pick up for $5, maybe (but probably not) $10 dollars. Certainly not worth the full price of $20. But all that being said, it is still worth a play."
,Recommended,301860,25586743,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Practical Problems,"+relaxing game+collecting for the journal+nice atmosphere+while travelling you meet any sea animals+easy to earn achievements-dry story-a bit boring sometimes-afer collecting all upgrade for boat, the boat doesn't change designIn game what I missed is jumping from building to the water/diving under water to find any secret/swiming."
,Recommended,301860,24797918,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,PerksHunter,"Calm and atmospheric game exploring a city and it's secrets. Strong shadow of the colossus vibes, good lighting and music.As it is a climbing game with a lot of interaction animations, the transitions could have been faster, but overall worth an experience."
76561197972366446,Not Recommended,301860,28776297,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,*****,"Beautiful graphics, but the gameplay is very limited: just a series of repetitive wall-climbing mazes."
,Recommended,301860,29848759,Posted: 11 February,all,MangAnimE [H ★ S],A relaxing (mostly) exploration game. Main task is to find supply cases that contain items to help your injured younger brother. Graphics are good & the game has a 'postcard mode' that removes the H.U.D. for screenshots. You can't die & when you complete the main story explore mode is unlocked so you can keep playing to find things you missed.
,Recommended,301860,29948732,Posted: 15 February,all,Andi,"Submerged is a third person, casual survival game where you try to help your brother recover from an attack.  There is no reading or speaking in this game, in fact, the way they tell the story is fresh and unique.  Through the use of pictographs or hieroglyphics, the story unfolds as you find secrets hidden in the city, however, you don't have to find all the secrets to help your brother.  Nonetheless, finding all of the secrets will tell you how this city came to be.  With the use if the same pictographs, your own story is revealed each time you find an item that helps you complete your quest.Pros:Rich and detailed worldEngaging story lineMany collectiblesNumerous areas to exploreSeveral different and unique buildingsSimple controlsCons:Much too shortNeeds more side missionsThe player doesn't get to know much about the charactersThis calm and relaxing game was a welcome change of pace and I thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,301860,35479283,Posted: 4 October,all,Tolly,"I have a feeling the creators artificially inflated the price on steam to then sell it for x price. To sum up the game and without spoiling, it's an 'adventure game' where you climb and find emergency rations in a post apocolyptic world where the people have mutated.There is nothing else to this game.The characters other than the protagonist and the "" city's"" story have no plot other than to "" guide you"" (disappear at specific points). As it's only one path, you can imagine the complexity of brain power involved.I decided to waste my time and complete the game to 100% because I was hoping there would be something more exciting beyond it ( also because it was pretty damn easy to achieve).  Would a cutscene appear if I found the 'secrets'? Nope. Like many of the reviews here, the game is lack-lustre. The story itself is pretty straightforward and this is revealed without even collecting the secrets. It's missing a lot of important elements to a game and I would say the map is far too small to really call itself an adventure game.  There's not really much point to doing any of the achievements other than the boat parts nor would I say the game has any incentives other than the steam achievements but they don't really get you anything.The graphics weren't a* but they were pretty and I enjoyed the smaller details the team has incorporated e.g. the effect of rain on the protagonists hair + clothing. The slow progression of details from ""chapters"" such as the boat. I also enjoyed the dolphins, and other marine life following you once you identified them. The music was phenomenally soothing, and would appear in bursts throughout the game. I would definitely agree with other users that it was the highlight of the game. Were the cutscenes longer or narrated/ voice acted, I would have definitely enjoyed them more.Several problems:If you find an emergency ration box, and you have decided to collect the stories later returning to the bottom is troublesome and I'd recommend finding as many of the boxes as you can whilst you're on your way up there.  This added an extra hour or two due to the fact I had to rescale and descend from buildings through the very stimulating route (/s).The game crashed twice whilst playing however it does auto-save from your last checkpoint ( being if you find a secret, a boat part or a ration box).Whilst climbing the various ledge, there is a feeling of absolute nothing. There is no danger, no progression or no sense of puzzles. You are zen. You become Zen. You are also watching a youtube video just so you can say you've finished the game and when that happens, should you really be playing a game?Even when the boxes may have been up ""other"" paths, it was a pretty straight forward path and you had the evolved(?) swampy humans guiding you, The protagonist could do everything imagineable. Jump to a ledge the same height as her body? check. But don't even think about trying to divert from the climbing path. It was a "" press your finger on the right button"" game and the character did it for you.Overall, play this game if you want to zone out but look at something pretty. Bad day at work? Wife is yelling at you? Boss is yelling at you?  Got fired because you played a game instead of listening to your boss yelling at you? Divorce papers on the desk? If you answered yes to any of the above, this game is perfect for you. Otherwise, avoid the game unless you want to listen to the music."
76561198108888178,Recommended,301860,29209816,Posted: 12 January,all,[BROTY] GhostofMandalore,"Submerged is a fun little exploration game to play casually set in a mysterious world. I completed the game offline, but I have played more than what shows up on this review. There is much to explore and more to do off the beaten path, which is something I like in games. Submerged is a game you can play for around 10 minutes or 3 hours, and it's still fun. Have a good day. I'm doped up on medication for a sinus infection."
,Recommended,301860,28989197,Posted: 3 January,all,LadyTopHat,"This is a short mini action-adventure game with simple controls and beautiful aesthetics.You play as Miku, a young woman taking care of her younger brother.  As the game continues the story unravels and you discover the history of not only the siblings but the city they find themselves in as well.The game is short - four hours maximum to complete, with the same again to catch all the achievements.  The best part for me was not having to kill anyone.  Yes, that's right - there's no combat.  As an over 40 year-old with arthritis in the hands, FPS are not a genre for me, so this game was perfect.Some other reviews have termed this a walking simulator, which I agree with - I actually spent about one hour just sailing around in the boat, enjoying the rise and fall of the waves and watching the beautiful day/night cycle spin round.  Add a simple yet beautiful soundtrack and the experience is really quite relaxing.In summary:Combat:      NoneVisuals:       StunningGameplay:  Basic (walking, sailing and climbing)Story:          Limited, revealed through pictogramsLength:       < 4 hours (basic game)Music:         Very relaxing and beautifulPrice:          Overpriced at $19.99 - wait for a Steam sale to buy"
,Recommended,301860,34413554,Posted: 22 August,all,donfubarmhmム,"Snag this game if you want a relaxing, easy-pace climber/roamer the next time it is on sale.  The map is relatively big at first until you unlock all of the boat parts, then its a breeze getting around.  Some portions of day/night in the game are really nice, the colors in the sky and on the water are nice.  Check this game out if you have a couple of hours to burn and you like climbers.  There is not much to do aside from roam the world and collect all the secrets/boat parts.  The campaign was short and easy and the ending was a bit confusing.  To complete the game and unlock all achievements took roughly 7 hours.  Overall, it's really not a bad game that I snagged for a few dollars on a Steam Sale."
76561197970803798,Recommended,301860,29788099,Posted: 8 February,all,mjfgates,"Quiet, calm, a nice change from killin' thousands of zombies. I wouldn't want every game to be like this, but I'm glad that there is one game like this."
76561198048268849,Recommended,301860,21087751,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,makersley,"Buy it at 50% off or better and this is great value.  It's not the most ambitious game in the world, but it does what it's trying to do very well.  A simple, subtle story, very effectively told indeed."
76561197985044617,Recommended,301860,35456026,Posted: 3 October,all,Gurkenmensch,"I bought the game for just 1,99€, so keep this in mind if you consider buying Submerged. It is, in my opinion, not worth 10€. Submerged is not hard.. you cant even fail, die or reset at some point. It is in a way repetetive, you climb a lot of buildings and while the environments keep changing and the overall style of the game is really beautiful, it pretty much feels the same over the course of the 10 objectives to reach (and only about 3 hours platime). Nevertheless.. Submerged is a beautiful game with a relatable setting and an emotional soundtrack. It is refreshing in a way that it is not hard at all but not in the ""Call of Duty""-way. The easy difficulty of the game fits it somehow. What makes me review Submerged positively is not really the game itself, but the idea that the developers could achieve great in the future. I'd give submerged a solid 5/10 which doesn't make it a good game, but it is promising for the development of an indie studio. I'm keeping an eye out for new releases of these guys."
76561198028059193,Not Recommended,301860,35492350,Posted: 5 October,all,Yoboob,"Ever played Assassin's Creed? Remember how the loading screens are little animus-voids where you can just run around in circles for a bit while the game loads properly? That's basically what this game feels like.It's the exciting tale of a man walking into a restaurant and then walking out 90 minutes later with a slightly bigger belly, and I almost feel compelled to put down a spoiler warning there because it's practically a perfect metaphor for the plot, as much as you can say that there is a plot.Credit where credit is due, the world building is very nicely done, the city feels alive with all the wildlife and looks impressive under the various weathers the game cycles through. The city itself is definitely the most interesting character, it's just a shame that they put all this effort into crafting such a beautiful setting but then they forgot to put anything to do in it.There's no gameplay here, unless holding W counts as gameplay now. You sail to a building then climb the building to reach a crate at the top that contains a permission slip to go and climb another building. Repeat 8 times and the game is over.I know the focus isn't meant to be on the gameplay here, but it's quite obvious the developers misunderstood that once you remove the need for gameplay, you need to up your game everywhere else. They did great on the world building, but I get the impression they did the storyboarding during a bring your daughter to work day, because it feels like it was written by an 8 year old. I won't go into details for obvious spoiler warnings, but the restaurant analogy really is apt for this one.You'd also be forgiven for thinking that a game with no gameplay would be well polished in other departments, but it's really not. Textures look good from afar but when staring them down during one of the lengthy building climbs they just devolve into a horribly pallid brown mess, and for a game that gets mileage out of its visuals it sure does detract from the overall beauty of the setting. Not to mention the stoic animations that make the characters feel like androids.I feel sorry for anyone who had to spend £15 on this, even at £1.50 I felt a little ripped off. If for some reason you're actually interested in buying this, do yourself a favour and just read the plot synopsis online, and keep that money for a Mars bar or something2/10 too much water"
,Recommended,301860,22624561,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mcdonajo,"This game is all about ambiance and exploration.  It's a relaxing boat ride through a world that's empty but alive.It's relatively short (~6 hours after all the secrets are found), but what it does, it does pretty well.The story is enough to hold your interest (mainly, what happened to the world you are exploring) but it amounts to pretty much a bunch of fetch quests, so the real interest here isn't the main story, it's discovering secrets, upgrading the boat you ride around in and discovering the story of what happened.I personally liked the game very much - the art was pretty solid, the music was appropriate to make you feel alone. The area you are in is manageable and to be honest it doesn't feel too big (except near the end when you are trying to track down those last few pesky secrets.The cons are that its short, the building textures aren't amazing up close, the models are smooth but the graphics are nothing to write home about.  My biggest complaint, though, is the climbing.  It's very tedious especially after the first few buildings.  It just feels unecessarily slow.Overall a good game to get lost on if you have time to kill or want to relax with a story/ exploration game."
76561198045398611,Recommended,301860,35434496,Posted: 2 October,all,Peter,Nice exploration game. Play it at your own pace and discover the map and items you need to survive and do upgrades etc. Only cost me $1.99USD on sale.  Winner !!
,Not Recommended,301860,35484401,Posted: 4 October,all,Fingers,The game is misrepresented as being something like Ico where you get to run around and jump and climb. You cannot do those things in this game. You press wsad and occationally e. That's literally it.
,Not Recommended,301860,35484879,Posted: 4 October,all,TheButtSniper,"I paid $2 for this game. I need to make that very clear! If I had paid the normal $30 asking price I would be very unhappy. I am sucker for destroyed cities and flooded anything and I absolutly love that part of this game. The world is beautiful and can be fun to explore. The rest of the game is very... lame and plain. The climbing is garbage and very uninspired and the fact that you literally cannot die no matter what you do is a real downer. The story was also lame, graphics were ok. The world really was the only thing that made it worth $2. Pick it up on sale for $5 or less. AT $30 it's going to get thumbs down all around.Pros: Destroyed flooded city to do some exploring in.cons: literally everything else."
76561198021701607,Not Recommended,301860,17800250,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Chug Life,"I'll get straight to the point - I wouldn't recommend Submerged. Here's why:Pros:• Game looks nice.• Great for a relaxing experience as there is no combat or intense scenes.Cons:• Visuals are overused leading to a stale appearance overall.• ""Puzzles"" are linear and require no challenge to overcome• Lackluster story where details are only provided via pictograms. Doesn't elicit any emotions throughout the game.• Main story is very short and can be completed in a few hours.• The price is not worth what you get out of the game."
,Recommended,301860,25466751,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Approval*Fairly entertaining game for a relaxing weekend. Well, a couple of hours at least.It's not a perfect game by any means. The graphics could be better and animation leaves a lot to be desired. The story is simple, but sufficient for what kind of game it is.Explore certain buildings to progress the story and have the theme and setting explained to you through tribal paintings. A few collectibles to look for as well.But, like I said, a relaxing experience for a couple of hours if that is what you're looking for."
76561198087507144,Recommended,301860,29535953,Posted: 27 January,all,Zwölth,Peaceful and beautiful
76561197983101602,Recommended,301860,17427664,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,neko214,"Beautyfull visually... but not really challenging in terms of gameplay... 7 hours top if you're trying to earn all your bagdes and find all the secrets... No real challenge... The ""pathfinding"" puzzles aren't hard at all... I appreciated the ""no combat"" or the fact you can't die in the game... it's something of a change actually... but... Would have liked a bit more lenght and a larger town to explore (an underwater exploration could have been awesome).As for the recommendations...  I will say yes, ... but with a word of advice...  If you're an hardcore gamer craving for the challenge, keep walking...  if you're a parent looking for a game a lil' one wouldn't have problem to master and finish and whose content isn't subject to ""polemics"", go for it."
,Recommended,301860,17439964,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,theironpaw,"Submerged is a beautiful indie game that had  a small amount of developers to develop it.Its story and plot is simple with gorgeous night scenes and sunsets. The environment is a small open world but its gameplay is Linear but lots of hidden secrets to go back and collect. Overall its a wonderful experience that deserves to be played. stop reading this review and give it a go.Bravo, make a sequal :)"
76561197962727348,Recommended,301860,17430394,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Tevu,"Ok, i think im half through this game and i can say my honest opinion. It is good exploring game, with nice soundtrack, soothing athmosphere and a nice simple story.Gameplay is well done, you shouldnt have any problems with controls or climbing and stuff. Animations are a bit slidy (its 2015, cant you make characters walk instead of skating...?), but overall graphics are beautiful.So its an ok game, but the price...17,99 euros, really?!  Im all in supporting game companies and so on, but seriously?Way overpriced if you begin to compare other developers (not the big companies no no) and the quality and amount of gameplay you get as hours.I recommend if its on sale, but buy something else for this price."
,Recommended,301860,25538209,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Alvie,"Up front, I have to say that this game isn't for everybody. Those looking for action, deep stories, or challenging gameplay should look elsewhere. The gameplay is extremely simple, not a word of english is spoken in-game, and it doesn't have any enemies or even a fail state of any sort. It's impossible to ""lose"" in any way in this game.All that being said, I thoroughly enjoyed every moment I spent with this game, short though it may have been. This game is all about ATMOSPHERE, and it has an incredible one. The game managed to find a unique and visually striking post-apocalyptic setting, and populated it with beautiful monuments and awe-inspiring wildlife. The score alone is worth the price of admission, consisting of a number of beautiful and haunting piano pieces which excellently set the tone of the game.It's not very long, and I would call it mercifully so as there simply isn't much to do in-game. There are landmarks and wildlife to hunt down, as well as one-note boat upgrades and a bunch of hidden secrets, each of which reveals a panel of story which collectively add up to explain what happened to create this lush yet haunting world. The meat of the gameplay consists of 10 emergency macguffin boxes you must track down to aid your ailing brother. Each of the boxes sits at the top of a large building you must climb, navigating a maze-like series of branching paths and attempting to track down secrets along the way. Ultimately, these climbing sections are simple, and there are no puzzles or challenges to be found.Voice acted lines ingame are rare and consist of a fictional language. The entirety of the story of this game (other than your ""quest"" objectives) is conveyed via comic-like panels containing pictograms of scenes and events. It's confusing at first, but becomes crystal clear as more blanks are filled in. The backstory of the main characters is heartbreaking even though it's basically conveyed through stick figures.First and foremost, this is an exploration game. It's never more fun than when you are just driving around in your boat, looking for new landmarks and creatures to add to your journal. This could be a perfect game for the non-gamer in your life who couldn't handle a challenging game but still wants an engaging experience. Some could call it boring, and I couldn't really argue with them, but I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game. I got it on sale for $5. I don't know if I would pay more than that, considering how short it is, but it is definitely worth checking out. You might even feel a feeling or two."
,Recommended,301860,24210382,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Interactive Civilian,"This game is gorgeous! Jaw droppingly stunning in so many ways! There are a lot of amazing and beautiful little details, like the bioluminescence in your wake (and the wakes of various animals swimming near you) at night, and some pretty stunning wildlife as well.It is a pretty short game, and the gameplay is simple and unchallenging. Don't look for any kind of challenge to this game; it literally has no fail states. It does have a somewhat sad story, revealed through simple drawings as you progress through the immediate point of the game, which is for the main character to find supplies to help her wounded and sick brother. But even that is not pressing; you can explore to your heart's content without any timers or anything else to press you onwards.So that is worth keeping in mind. However, despite the complete lack of challenge, the game is really enjoyable. It is very relaxing, and it'll drop your jaw at times.Definitely worth getting if you want a beautiful, stress-free, exploration game. :)"
76561197963901399,Recommended,301860,25696298,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,NiceOldLady,"So the sound track maches, the wild life is amazing and the atmosphere together with the sun sets and rises is vert good. However for 20€ i would have expected of more of a story maybe extending your shelter and a boat update system. While talking about the boat: cruising through the city is quite fun but the boat driving style is a bit too much arcade for my taste. Overall i would totally recommend the game on sale."
,Recommended,301860,25714872,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Coover000#5109,"I recommend this, as a casual game, for players who're getting tired of those intense action, shooting or adventure games. No fighting, no bleeding, no death, and still story-rich and beautifully drawn. All you need to do is to collect stuffs to promote the story process, which also reveal some ""secrets"".A young girl run away from her home with her little brother (who is injured and feeble). They settled, temporarily, in a flooded city (actually tha whole world was flooded and invaded by strange green plants) to get the boy recovered. As you proceed in the game, you'll discover more and more secrets of the city, the planet and the girl's family. You may also notice that the girl is changing- she is being...somehow...possessed by plants?! Whatever, you'll find it yourself.Casual, calming music though it is a little monotonous. The models of characters are not perfect to the details but scenery is still wonderful. It may be a good adventure game if some battling is added, but I like it this way. 8 out of 10."
76561198041636869,Recommended,301860,24654192,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"Submerged is an exploration game where you travel by boat through a flooded city climbing skyscrapers looking for supplies to save your dying brother. There is no combat, no damage, and no way to fail, except by giving up. If you are super competitive, then this game is not for you. However, if you want a relaxing and compelling game where you can learn the lore through exploration, then it is certainly worth picking up."
,Recommended,301860,20436265,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Nemi,+ beautiful world with breathtaking sunsets and popping colours both day and night+ that feeling when you pass by a whale shark+ reminds me of Oddysey: Journey to the West+calming soundtrack-Story is nothing new-collecting all the secrets is a chore that doesn't really pay off (since The City's Story is pretty obvious)-ending is a letdown/ it takes away all the emotional stakes
76561198001251133,Recommended,301860,20650364,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,It's nice to play a beautiful looking game where you don't have to kill anyone.
,Recommended,301860,17526020,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Emi,"relaxing, atmospheric game, only downside it gets a little repetitive. it's definitely worth a couple of hours of play, but perhaps not for the price it's currently at."
,Recommended,301860,17530327,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Coyote,"This is a pretty neat little exploration/climbing puzzle game, with a surprisingly compelling story, considering that it has no dialog to speak of.  It has a nice soundtrack and good visuals, though the actual draw distance seemed a little low, even when set to max.  It's a little short (I completed the story in about two hours, while picking up ~3/4 of the optional pickups) and the world is a little small, but it's a pretty unique experience, and one I wish we would see more of."
,Recommended,301860,17530593,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"Submerged is a decent experience with a wide open world to explore through stress free platforming. The above average visuals and soundtrack, combined with the relatively low challenge, do make Submerged one of the more relaxing experiences I’ve played in recent memory. However that simplicity and lack of challenge means there’s not much to really draw you in as the story, whilst serviceable, does little to draw you in. Overall whilst I’d recommend giving Submerged a go if you’re into exploration type games there’s just not a lot in there for the general gaming populace.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/08/14/submerged-love-and-sacrifice/"
76561197980009999,Recommended,301860,17593689,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,HighlandDeer,"Item collecting in a city reclaimed by the ocean. Calm, non - combat exploration adventure."
,Recommended,301860,17528021,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,TurtleInMankinis,Played it for a small while. absouletly brilliant game. No fighting just  a relaxing game :0
,Recommended,301860,20434511,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LeumasWhite,"Decent. You'll be sick of climbing by the end, though, and the collectibles are a bit of a chore."
,Recommended,301860,20456983,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,CHKnDaemon,"A compelling adventure game with a great story to tell within a flooded city about a girl doing all she can to keep her dying younger brother alive. Combat free and simple and relies on the story that unfolds piece by piece as well as the adventure to keep the player captivated, and it does this well."
,Recommended,301860,20434826,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Señor Scarybagels (card idling),"The good:This game has a lot to explore and a good story told with pictures.  traveling the oceans is fun and the boat controls well.The Bad:The Game is buggy and has a tendency to crashThe Volume is way too loud, even on the notch right above minimum.The game is a bit simple to control with only WSAD to move, T to use your telescope, M for map and J for journal with mouse to look around.  No real jump button kinda limits the movements and can make it a bit dull at times."
76561198026466270,Recommended,301860,20455032,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jsteppinrazor,"A game that is both visually and audibly beautiful, with an imaginative story well told. Rather than a conventional ""game"", Submerged is a lovely and melancholy work of art that you can explore at your own pace."
76561198230602416,Recommended,301860,20516904,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jajessica,Great game all in all but very short. Don't get me wrong I love this game! If you want to have a long lasting game it's not this one.Pros:-Very detailed-straight forward plot-calmingCons:-bad graphics-hard to control boat-so much climbing 0.0
76561198087543896,Recommended,301860,20720971,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Motherfudger_666,"It's like Water World without the action and the bad actors... Never mind, it's nothing like Water World. But you do explore the remnants of an unnamed city in a similar world while scavenging supplies for your sick brother. Along the way you uncover pieces of the city and it's world's backstory, as well as the sad story of how the girl and her brother came to be in that situation is shown as you progress through the main quest.It's not especially long and very light in the challenge department so if you're in the mood for some light exploration or like post-apocalyptic story-telling (including the non-violent kind) then I'd recommend this.8/10"
76561198087063225,Recommended,301860,19293341,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Scouser888,"Great graphics and fairly easy to follow, once you have played for a while. Recommended."
76561198055762608,Recommended,301860,17495175,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ortzz,"Art direction and exploration are what makes this game good. The platforming and story are both fine, but nothing in the game beats boating into a new territory and seeing whales dive around you and birds fly through the air. The game is really simple in that it is almost entierly exploration gameplay, but that is why it was nice to play.Does the game have technical issues? Yep. It also is kind of short and very simple gameplay wise. But it is a self aware product in that it knows that the exploration is the games main selling point and it does not let gameplay or a dramatic narrative get in the way."
76561197993309057,Recommended,301860,17543963,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,pugroc,"Very nice game, looks great, plays great. Nice no combat game. Only downside is it is very short. Finnished it in like 2 hours (main quest) although I have yet to discover all of the secrets. Still a very good idea and game."
76561198142540662,Recommended,301860,17587140,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,mystery_egypt,"A relaxing exploration game with a nice atmosphere, I enjoyed it a lot. After finishing the game, I keep exporing to find the last couple of secrets."
,Recommended,301860,18666992,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,CthulhuLikesTacos,"Such a calming game, unless you are a hydro-phobe, then this is hell for you."
,Recommended,301860,35449025,Posted: 3 October,all,Freeoath,"It is hard to recommend this game but I will, but only at a sale. It is not worth more than 3.99 max.You are a girl who trives to save your injured brotherOn the run from your drunken father who was the one who hurt your brother in a fit of drunken rage from his kids breaking his bottle. He took to drinkin after their mother drowned in a storm. You stop in a sunken city and you quickly start gathering emergency supplies to save your brother.The pros:*Non linear, you can explore and go on with the story as you want*Beautiful and well polished atmosphere*Easy relaxing game*Short and cute*If you are an achievement hunter this game is super easy to 100%The Cons:*The story is almost not there, very vage and pretty cliché for what it is*You only climb and drive a boat. Nothing else*It is short (Yes this is both a con and a pro)*You don't feel like you acomplish anything when you finish the gameAll and all It is a different kind of game and for a small amount of money it is okey. But for the full price of 19.99 It is not worth it by far. Pick it up on a sale if you want a relaxing game"
76561198074167206,Recommended,301860,35485807,Posted: 4 October,all,TerryB_2,"Say goodbye to walking simulators and hello to a climbing+boating simulator. I got the game on a big ol Steam Sale so I can't complain, but at full price, I can not recommend this game. It's decent, don't get me wrong, but the gameplay, wgilst interesting, just doesn't seem fleshed out enough. Could be more but if you're interested in an exploration walking-sim style game, then maybe add this to your wishlist and pick it up once it goes on sale."
76561198027793067,Recommended,301860,35463179,Posted: 3 October,all,The Venerated Arrow,"This game is very good! But let it be known.. it is not worth 20 dollars! I beat this game in just under 3 hours, and thats with getting just about all the achievements. But for it being on sale only at 1.99? its a steal for sure. But dont think for a second that its worth 20 dollars. $20=3hrs, ontop of the character feeling like they're walking on ice, limited things to do other than to collect stuff piecing together. But I will say, that collecting these pieces and putting the story together about what happened to the world is nice, and unveiling the short, but nice story of the main character and her brother is plesant!"
76561198049793450,Recommended,301860,29858183,Posted: 11 February,all,ap.morris,"I really enjoyed this game, it was a change of pace from spamming my assault rifle in Fallout 4 or any number of other games.  No one shoots at you, you can't die, you can't fall.  This is not a survival or FPS game; it is an exploration game with climbing puzzles.  The reason it is different, is how it tells tales without words in a rather elegant way.Technical & Game Play:The game loads quickly and I played through without a single technical problem.  The controls are all wasd and mouse to view in any direction even while moving. something I applaud is there is no separate control set for running the boat. When driving the boat it reacts pretty much as you would expect a boat to.  The spy-glass is a cool feature that lets you spot items of interest (boat parts, lore books, or emergency supplies your brother needs).Story:As I mentioned, the game tells tales without words. The most obvious is the story of saving your brother's life, and provide the only words you get in the game to tell you the player what the current goal is.  These are along the lines of: “I need X to fix my brother's problem.” after a cut-scene of you caring for him in some way.  You will need to explore and climb to find emergency supplies on building tops.As you return to your brother after gathering needed supplies you get a cut-scene of you caring for his injury.  As you rest afterward you get another set of pictographs that represent your family's past, how and why your brother was wounded, your journey, and so on.  This is a linear story told with pictographs as you complete the various stages.  Also hidden aspects of your exploration start to become apparent.If you explore around you can gather all the various bits of pictographic lore.  These pictographs tell the tale of the city and to some degree the world as a whole.  Since you don't pick these up in order it allows you to slowly start piecing together the story of the city. This serves as an incentive to poke about and have funThings I Didn't Like (or thought could be improved):Beware, once you open the chest with the emergency supplies you automatically return to your brother's side for another cut-scene, so be certain you have thoroughly explored the building or you may need to revisit it to gather lore.  This was likely to keep players to not need to climb down after picking up the supplies but I would have liked a choice to either “cut to camp” or “stay and explore”.In a game called 'Submerged' I would have liked to be able to swim and gaining entrance to at least one set of supplies via swimming would have been cool.Some of the terrain puzzles have you go a good deal out of your way to cross a broken roof by using wobbly board or more wall scaling when you could cross a single 1'-2' gap with a simple jump.  This is less about not having the ability to jump and more about the terrain puzzle logic.Last Thoughts:This is a great game for relaxing with whales to watch, dolphins to race, and sights to see.  Even better is the stories told hint at the larger picture and world just enough to spark one's imagination."
,Recommended,301860,30022269,Posted: 18 February,all,Viporion,"At this time i haven't finished the game yet, but my two cents.If you are looking for an action packed game with several endings, go somewhere else.In my opinion it isn't even a game to play from start to finish in a single afternoon.At no point in the game is there a moment where you gasp and ask yoursefl if your getting the character killed. Unless you find a glitch I don't think you can die.Sure the game is a little price, even with taking my time and uncovering the entire map, I am about 4 hours in and almost done.But here is the thing.Everything in the game is relaxing in its own way. The soothing music, the enviorment, the creatures and even the reapeting building climing. Which is why this game is so suited for playing a building or two at a time. To let go of the stress and bad moods. To compleetly relaxIt is a game about taking time to see the beauty around, but there are a few moments when you need to turn your logical mind off. Or you will wonder for the entire game how a tree can grow on a metal framework a long way from anything that can count as soil."
,Recommended,301860,35480916,Posted: 4 October,all,🌟👑 KITTY WETFIST 👑🌟,dont usually like solo puzzle games but this game is BEAUTIFUL
76561198326023938,Recommended,301860,35465611,Posted: 4 October,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),Surpisingly good exploration game - basic story is your little brother is ill and you are floating about the rooftops of a submerged city in a boat - gameplay is basic - just go from tower to tower solving climbing puzzles to get the different supplies to save your brother.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp9q51y_36g&t=181snot a lot to do really however it is a nice game - there are no enemies so no combat as such although there is a mildly creepy stroyline unfolding as you watch and finsing all the secrets that tell the citys' story is nice. Graphically it is a nice game - with nice particle wffects and good level design although it seems to be just one Huuuuge level.the gameplay in itself i dont think will please many people who are looking for a more hardcore experiance and definitely would not reccomend this at full price however i picked it up for £1.50 and for that price it a nice little distraction from all the other games i play - i wasnt expecting much from the game however the animations. particle effects and the genrally good design of the game is mildly pleasing. my only grip is that they could have made the game a hell of a lot more challenging by introducing jumping into the game as well as run and jump this would have increased the complexity of some of the climbing puzzles - just one hint to new players - before you collect the crate at the top of the tower make sure you have explored the rest of the tower - as soon as you get the top crate you will be ported back to the start area and if you missed secrets you will have to re-explore/climb that tower  and explore its other routes.a very nice chilled experiance - a good game when on sale -
,Recommended,301860,35493035,Posted: 5 October,all,Schmerzgeist,"Turn the graphics settings up for the best effect. It was on lowest by default for some reason. It's a very different experience.This is what an Indie game should be like. Well planned, well paced, limited scope. It picks what it wants to do and does it well: exploration, collecting and platforming. They used a ready made engine rather than wasting reasources making their own.It's short and sweet. Maybe too short for some people. I got it on sale for $2. I really wouldn't say it's worth the full $20 price tag, but easily $9. Grab it on sale. It's an experience worth having."
,Recommended,301860,35518681,Posted: 6 October,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,I had a blast playing this game!It's a stunning third-person game with gorgeous graphics.Overall: beautiful and very relaxing.+ Good music and smooth controls.- Linear story.It's very short for the price so I really recommend to buy this on sale.I bought this game for 2 euros and it was definately worth it.
,Not Recommended,301860,33733221,Posted: 22 July,all,SamwellD,"The first thing to come to mind is ""stop this stupid artificially artistic♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.I can see that this game tries hard to be new ""Brothers - The Tale of Two Sons"" or ""Papo and Yo"" with its mute story telling. But what made those two games special was the way how the story and gameplay progressed. This failed to do that, and felt extremely repetitive.I know some people will say that I played it wrong and that this is the kind of game you play in a very relaxed way. I still don't think that is a good excuse for how uninspiring and boring this game is.Exploration should be about finding new and interesting places. However, the places to be found here didn't get me interested in it at all.And on top of that, I hated the ending. I can see what they tried to accomplish with it, but felt that they didn't really know how predictable it would be."
,Recommended,301860,25795053,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Artyom Havok,*nods head* *smiles*I rather liked this for its mindless zen the collectables are tedious at best but the boat was very calming to explore in and i found the story very enjoyable and im suprised at how it acually ended. It was a sweet little game with great music.
,Recommended,301860,33264845,Posted: 5 July,all,AlMaFiA,This is an awesome game - as long as you understand what you are getting.
,Not Recommended,301860,33420270,Posted: 9 July,all,GorlocTheMad,"An interesting setting that is let down by lackluster story telling and repetitive, boring mechanics."
,Not Recommended,301860,35477432,Posted: 4 October,all,Steve_g92,"The game has nice graphics, even though a bit buggy more often than not. The music is nice too.What it really lacks is a real gameplay and story, as ""your brother is sick and you're curing it"" is just an excuse to make you roam around the map, and as there are no obstacles at all it doesn't give you that sense of satisfaction and achievement when it's over.Overall, it's a good way to spend an afternoon if you're not paying the full price for the game, but i wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,301860,35464542,Posted: 3 October,all,SpacerZ,"Everytime I enter a cutscene my game starts having a seizure and the soundtrack becomes juddery. I tried puting my graphics to the lowest setting and the game continued seeing flashing lights.Dev's seem to blame poor hardware and bad HDD's, but I blame bad coding practices and incompetence.Edit: System specs requested, here you goPocessor: AMD FX-8320 Eight-Core 3.50 GHzRAM: 12GBGraphics Card: GTX 960 Ti 4GBMB: AMD 970 GamingI also ran the game on an SSD and still couldn't get to function correctly."
,Not Recommended,301860,35468306,Posted: 4 October,all,Kaidenur,"It's an exploration game with not much to explore.The buildings all felt the same, and I actually looked forward to ladder sections because the normal climbing was so mind-numbing.The story was annoying, and I found myself wishing the deutragonist would die, becuase he seemed so whiny.There was simply nothing to do, except some story cards, which served as padding for a predicatble minor story.The major plus is the graphics, which looked lovely, but the main character seemed to smooth and the physics were very awkward at times.The other good part was the boat sections, which were relaxing, and the boat tended to drift instead of turn, which lead to unintentionally funny moments.Wouldn't reccomend this to anyone unless it was on mobile, and only to those who play VERY casually. 14/100"
,Not Recommended,301860,35494766,Posted: 5 October,all,Koivari,"In the end, was a pretty boring game. Go to a place, climb some walls, get frustrated if you choose the wrong paths (if you don't want to collect all those extras that make no sense, that is), get the desired object and watch the same, poor animations of that same ugly♥♥♥♥♥kid suffering all over again.If climbing just was more fun and if there was something to motivate the player to collect everything (other than achievements), this could be a better game. Currently there just is no challenge at all."
,Recommended,301860,32668535,Posted: 22 June,all,Helen.Baq,"Great game! It's like Fallout meets The Elder Scrolls meets Ico with no fighting, just exploring. ^_^"
,Not Recommended,301860,33299343,Posted: 5 July,all,MLV,"Upfront: played with a Controller over Steam Link.  This is a difficult game to review.  On the one hand, it looks very nice and the music and sound design are solid.  On the other hand, this title has a lot more in common with a walking simulator than an adventure game or even an exploration game.  Now, I like walking sims generally--but when I purchased this title, I honestly expected more gameplay and story elements than are present.Despite any videos that show your character hopping on ledges, etc., you should know that there is no consequence to any of that.  You cannot fall, you cannot die.  This game is not a platformer in the least--you really cannot deviate from very narrow paths and you cannot suffer any consequence for any action.  The ""gameplay"" is very simplistic and VERY repetitive.  You use a telescope and it will automatically note any structure that contains supplies, etc.  You then take a boat to those spots (using the automatically annotated map) and pick up the supplies and then you are automagically transported back to your ""home.""  Repeat this mechanic 15 times.  Whatever ""exploration"" is involved is superficial at best.  You cannot enter buildings--you merely boat to a limited number of pre-determined structures, press a button/key and begin to climb.  You can't fall and you can't really explore (e.g. you cannot explore the vast majority of structures since they don't have supplies.  Getting to the top of the buildings might take a minute to figure out, but there is generally one path to each goal.  You can't even go inside the buildings--it's all just basically clmbing ledges from which you cannot fall.  Yes, there are some runes also scattered in these buildings that help tell the ""story"" but oddly, the game not only allows you to proceed if you miss them, it actually causes you to not get them by immediately transporting you back as soon as you pick up the supplies.  This is a baffling design choice.  It would have been preferable to allow the player to choose when they are finished looking around.While playing Submerged, I was reminded of the game Brothers-A Tale of 2 Sons.  That game includes actual puzzle features that must be figured out to progress--this does not.  Brothers has real gameplay elements--this one only offers the illusion of gameplay.  Like I mentioned previously, Submerged has a lot more in common with a walking sim than an adventure game--there are no consequences for mistakes, you follow a fairly linear, limited path, and the payoff has more to do with mood .  That said, you might be tempted to compare this to a title like Abzu, which relies heavily on style.  The difference though is that Abzu contains zero ""gameplay"" elements--i.e. it doesn't pretend to be something it's not (like Submerged).  Abzu is 100% an experiential game that rewards the player with stunning graphics, music, and sense of exploration.  It is a far superior game than Submerged because it has no artifice of gameplay and actually is able to tell a story with visuals that really make you contemplate things.Finally, I'd note that despite the often beautiful graphics on display, the mechanics of the game can be highly frustrating.  Specifically, being a 3rd person title, the camera will often be positioned incorrectly obscuring your vision (especially common whilst on buildings near foliage).  Jumping/climbing ledges similarly was frustrating (with a controller) because the slightest tap can have you jumping up on a ledge as opposed to climbing left/right.  Again, there's zero consequence so it's just time consuming and frustrating.I wanted to like this title--I really did.  I can only recommend it while it is on sale, and only then if you don't mind very repetitive ""gameplay.""  I hate to say it, but this title really is all style and no substance.  It has loads of style--beautiful style.  There is an idea of a story, but the tedious, meaningless and highly repetitive pseudo-gameplay elements begin to really detract.  Play it in very small doses and you won't be as disappointed."
76561198117026517,Not Recommended,301860,34057157,Posted: 6 August,all,blackballet_bb,"I enjoyed this for a the first hour, but there wasn't much to do in the game except from riding the boat and climbing the building, and truthfully, the lack of challenge made this game a bit... boring, It's not that the gameplay is bad, but there wasn't anything special in it. The music is nice though. The graphic be a bit outdated, but I'm not really bothered with it.Recommend this to those who are looking for something simple, but not for those who were looking for more stuffs to do."
,Recommended,301860,26304761,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Cheeze Whisperer,"Do you like Zelda Wind Waker boat exploration? Do you like Tomb Raider climbing? Do you like ABZU? If you said yes to these, you probably already bought this but if not, BUY IT ASAP!This game was amazing. It has ""replay"" value but you can get all collectibles in one go or beat the game and u can explore for them afterwards. But still the game only lasts about 5 hours. Not a bad thing. It's short and sweet.You are a little girl who comes to this world on a boat with her little brother. The little brother is hurt, so it's your mission to find supplies to help him. Throughout the game you will find pieces of how the story played out. Stories about her and her family and the city your in.It is PURE exploration. No way to die, no combat, no horror/jumpscares. Just exploring to find things to help your brother and game completion. Sounds boring right? WRONG! This game is soothing so play it if you're in a chilling mood, like ABZU.The graphics are amazing, the music is soothing, the atmosphere screams ""explore me!"", the wild life is interesting, the story is simple but the way you get the pieces here and there make it fantastic. Honestly this entire game is just really REALLY amazing. I loved it.My only complaints are:1. You can get stuck in very few select places but usually due to your own incompetence. But you can get out through some determination or a game restart lol2. The game crashed once but it saves often so no big deal.3. Climbing up and down the same building cuz u realized u missed something and need to find the correct path can be frustrating.That's about it. 10/10 would play it more had I not already COMPLETED it XD"
76561198100916544,Recommended,301860,25823349,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,NukaMax,"This is a nice little game. I enjoy the story and like how it is told with images. Worth the pennies that I paid!If you like to play games, that means be entertained, then this is a great time killer. The basic aspect of this means it is easy to play and is quite harmless.The people are strange though!I enjoy it anyway!"
76561198298548049,Recommended,301860,25874697,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Zinom,"This game is a real gem. What impressed me most about Submerged is that it never tries to be more than its concept. It set out to be a simple narrative-driven and emotional experience with a strong environmental message, and it achieves just that. It's easy to get lost inside Submerged's desolate seascapes. Its desire for pacifism and drive for hope are worthy talents, but it's the call to adventure—to indulge and explore marine tranquility and conquering vegetation—that you'll keep with you, if only for a little while."
,Recommended,301860,26287164,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ICE,"In this game you can't die or even crash your boat, which I found really odd at first.  The game runs on the Unreal engine, so you know the gameplay will be smooth and the graphics excellent.  The lighting in this game was done to prefection.   The transition from day to night is really awesome.On the downside the game left me with a lot of unanswered questions:Why is the city flooded?  How did it happen?  Where did all the people go?  What happened!It would have been nice to get some insight into these mysteries.  What I would've liked is to explore inside some of the buildings.Overall it was a nice game to play.  I found it to be quite a tranquil experience - a nice break from the usual killing.  In a world full of voilence, you just need some peace and quiet once in a while ;-)"
,Not Recommended,301860,33019797,Posted: 29 June,all,sammomy,"This is a slow moving, sweet game that doesn't pretend to be anything different than what it is : a ""walking simulator"". You need to climb, find your way a bit, row your boat and it has a start and an ending (sortof). The vista's are pretty and somtimes downright impressive. You just collect pictures that make up a picture book store of what happened to the city, yourself and a couple of other things. Even though I didn't use any online map, I completed this while relaxing.Whether you like it or not will largely depend on the mood you're in and the person you are. I'll forget this game soon, but not in a negative way.Maybe an important issue :I bought this  at 80 % discount and thought nothing wrong about it, on the contrary. At full price, my review might have looked a quite different. A few years ago, people accused the old mirror's edge or the pre-panthom pain of being an expensive demo. This game is a bit worse, therefore at the normal price I wouldn't buy it. It's a shame really.edited: because the y or Y from the word ""you"", 22th word and at the start of the second sentence was not a capital, it's fixed now. Nono, nothing wrong with me, just making my capital."
,Recommended,301860,26682830,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Redka! hellcase.com,"It is ok, but could be better. The story is short, the gameplay is repeative. I got it in bundle, but I woulnd't give 14.99 for 2 hours of ""fun"". There are no monsters, no fight, no action and no challenge. Kinda like visual novel with checkpoints.Overall 4/10. Recommending only because i've seen worse games."
,Recommended,301860,17948067,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Soph,It always takes you back to the brother when you get a crate.
,Recommended,301860,17983872,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Your Left Nipple™,Fun game really worth the 20 dollars open world and parkour with a really intresting story
76561197976132488,Recommended,301860,17602765,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SpicyMonkey,"Pros:The game is beautiful and hauntingly serene.  The graphics are medium to top notch.  The way this game plays leaves room for all ages, although it does expose human suffering regularly through interactions with the injured boy.  I found the controls to be simple and straitforward.  Plays perfectly on my Xbox 360 controller as well as my mouse and keyboard.  If you are looking for a slightly saddened, but colorful exploration game this could be perfect for you.  Atmosphere reminds me of the movie waterworld from back in the 90's but with a bit more color.  Colorful patterns swirl on the water surface like oil and I can see nothing under the water.  Strangely familiar creatures leap from the water surface as they are drawn to my engine noise.  Two blocks away I can hear something very large splashing between the buildings, and off in the distance an abandoned bridge stands guard over what used to be a mighty river, but is now an underwater trench.  This game pulls of atmosphere perfectly.Cons:No underwater exploration.  Not really a con, but people should know.  No depth of field adjustment:  Makes game unplayable on my Nvidia 3d Surround setup.  If anyone knows of a functional mod, or file adjustment I can perform to enable this I would love to know.  Game isn't about combat, and is set in a region of abandoned city so repetition is par for the course here.  Buildings start looking the same and climbing all feels the same.  This is what makes the game relaxing and ambient, but can also make it very boring.Conclusion.10/10 If it had a FOV slider.5/10 Because it doesnt.  I have way too many exploration games that look beautiful spread accross my 6018x1080 Nvidia 3d Surround display.  Forcing me to fill my view with the shoulders of my character breaks this game for me, and killing two of my monitors to play on 1/3 of my display size is foolish at best when I have other options for entertainment."
76561198020962979,Recommended,301860,17443821,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MA-SIMON,"Nice Idea! I had fun on my playtrough. (3-4h)Though there are some rough edges.Especially audio-wise:The Main Character is barely understandable.Almost all sounds are missing some sort of ""positioning in-space"".They are bone dry on my headphones and really detracted from the experience.The Ending was hilariousely unstatisfactory though..."
,Not Recommended,301860,17449959,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,IM DRUNK,"If you like extremely boring/slow games this game is for you. I have had it 3 days now. and its climbing, a little bit of story. climbing. a little bit of story (the entire story is helping your brother). Oh and you get to steer a boat. Visually the game is great. And i love a good ""exploration"" game. But i coudnt help the fact i litterally just looked at the Desktop Icon more than i actually played it."
76561198027302522,Not Recommended,301860,17470836,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,palatank,expected more of puzzle then a 3d maze game
,Recommended,301860,19430446,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,dr capsicum,Good soundtrack.
76561198010082736,Recommended,301860,33908133,Posted: 30 July,all,PiotrLolo,Pleasant and relaxing game. Nice views and beautifull music. A little too short. I completed  it in less than 6h (with all achievements).
,Recommended,301860,17595941,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Seneki,Simple. Charming. Enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,301860,25488957,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ParallaxScroll,setting looks cool but there are force fields everywhere restricting your movement. gameplay not that good.
,Not Recommended,301860,17593829,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MechaManDan,"It's not finished. I needed a lot more time before it came out.1. The exploration when on foot is mostly just scaling buildings and walking through narrow passages. It's too enclosed to feel like I'm exploring, it feels like I'm just climbing up a ladder for 10 minutes.2. When not on foot, exploration is awul because the boat controls HORRIBLY. It seriously controls worse than the bike in No More Heroes, because at least with the bike, when I turned around, I ACTUALLY CHANGED DIRECTIONS. When your main mode of transportation for going around the map controls horribly, it ruins the immersion and makes exploring feel more like a chore.3. Graphics are okay at best. I'm normally not a ""graphics make the game"" kind of person, but when the main appeal of a game is exploration, visuals are insanely important. You need the looks to back it up, and this game doesn't have that.It's not a bad game, but it needs more polish and time on the dev table. If they were to patch it and fix some of these issues, I feel like it could be worth the $20 price tag. As of right now, though, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,301860,20126516,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Birdkoo,"Major DisappointmentNot worth getting at the current price. I understand and respect the aesthetic the devs were going for but it just does not work. Here is why.1. Poor Controls. You cannot jump in an exploration platformer (WTF)2. The Upgrades are pointless.3. The Story is non-sensical.4. The ""secrets"" are just child-like Images of paintings that are supposed to reveal what is going on, but at best it all remains very vague.5. The World is way too big for its own good nor is anything explained about it. Its supposed to be a flooded City but most buildings are unscalable, and every window in every building in 50+ skyscrapers is boarded up.6. There is little, if any interaction between the characters.  Gibberish is fine (But give it some better interaction)7. The textures are extremely bland and everything is this blue/green/grey colour.The Good1. Its the right length for what it is offering2. Some of the views are quite nice.3. There is some additional content for those looking to get all the collectables.4. The setting is very unique and I appreciate what they were going for, and the sea and weather affects along with the sea life is nice.Advice? Just get Black Flag."
76561198254306328,Not Recommended,301860,33693970,Posted: 21 July,all,Mimziez,"the idea of a non combat game is nice, enjoyed the first 10 mins but after that got bored, not enough to explore and completed the game far to quick.waste of money"
76561197970669269,Not Recommended,301860,17441614,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,thedruidknights,I finished the game and have a few things to say. Where is the story? Why the fake drama? Why could we not play the brother? I was so bored looking for items collectables animal and locations. Very ugly un-imaginative graphics and surroundings. I should not have expected anything better from another crappy INDY! Nothing is worth the loss of money on this one! PLEASE STAY AWAY!!!!
76561198018898235,Recommended,301860,20349308,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mourning Light,"It's been quite some time since I have played a game that is so simple in concept yet done so well that you forget its simplicity.  Submerged isn't full of action, full of explosions or massive amounts of dialog yet, it still manages to tell several stories, all without speaking a word.  This is exploration of a post apocolyptic world at its finest.Pros:Great animationEasy gameplayAmazing musicExcellent StorytellingCons:Seems a bit shortIf you are looking for something that can help you unwind after a long day then I highly reccomend Submereged.  If you are looking for a thought provoking story I highley recommend Submerged.  If you are looking for action packed explosive situations with dialog and a lot of fighting then go play Assassins Creed."
,Recommended,301860,21358973,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AntagoNate,"A really relaxing break of a game that tells an interesting story in a very pretty way. Considering the ""aim"" of the game is basically collection hell I really liked the fact that I could sit down and complete the entire thing in a 5-ish hours sitting without getting too frustrated at not being able to find the secrets and boat boosts.  The controls can be a little annoying at times but otherwise a fun little game."
,Recommended,301860,20101827,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DeadMeat1240,Very atmospheric. This is basically a puzzle game. Beautiful graphics and music. If you tend to have gamer A.D.D. then this is NOT for you. This game is about patience and an enjoyable time. Not constant action. It is  a small game. You are not saving the world. I enjoyed it quite a bit.
,Recommended,301860,21186613,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,m.barrow,Very enjoyable. A gentle game to pass the timeWonderfull
76561198053684621,Recommended,301860,21547687,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,alterpha,"A nice relaxing game with a story which unfolds as you gather secrets. The female protagonist  is searching a flooded map for things to help her injured broher such as drinking water (even though the world is surrounded by water, medicine, first aid, etc...As you progress through the game there are some odd looking creatures that appear in different areas that seem to neither hurt nor help. They are just there...most of the game observing. The gameplay is decent, the music is tranquil, and our heroine is joined regularly by a variety of sea creatures that seen to enjoy swimming playfully alongside her boat as she searches for things to aid her brother. I won't go any further, don't want to spoil the game.It's not bad for what it is. But I got it on sale, so I don't know what the regular price is. But once you finish it. There really is no reason to play it again. So don't pay too much."
76561198203592933,Recommended,301860,21223772,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Aliquid A,"Sometimes this is exactly the type of game I need to play to decompress after a long day.No risk of dying, no time limits, no pressure.... just explore the world, and explore the story behind the world.The game was well made and enjoyable.  Quite short though, if that's an issue for you."
76561197992704511,Recommended,301860,21312673,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Velmoor,Wonderful game. You completely get immersed in the environment and the feels that you get.
,Recommended,301860,29768924,Posted: 7 February,all,DatFaiz,"For starters, I played this game on low quality and I can't talk about graphic stuff.On the other hand, this game entertained me with every other aspect, from sounds and music, to gameplay and storyline.At first, the game seemed a bit dull, but after going further and further in the story, it started to become more interesting and it made me want to know more about what happened to the two MC, up until they've reached this city. Not to mention, you can find out what happened to the city and the people they're currently in, by searching for the collectables spread around the entire city.Even though it's not so complex, the game left me with a pleasant taste after completing it. I can only say, that this game, should be played by patient people and only if you want to get out of the daily stressful games, like fps/rpg/rts/etc. I wouldn't recommend to people who don't have any... it'll bored them.In conclusion, I'd totally recommend this. Why? Here are a few reasons:- fascinating plot- no combat elements; it's as peaceful as it gets- exploring factor, plus collectables (a lot of them, so you won't get bored)- character development shows incredible bond between the two MCs- you get to drive a boat; with nitro, if you collect all the upgrades.A downside would be the short storyline (yes, I'd prefer if it was longer; no, I'm not joking)."
,Recommended,301860,23802888,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Colonel Crow,Beautifully indie puzzle platformer. Lots of overlap/inspiration from Ico and Shadow Of The Colossus but without the combat elements. The game defeats a lot of the frustration from traditional platforming by not allowing the player to fail. If there is a drop you cant make - rather than the fall killing you - the game simply doesn't allow you to perform the action. This rewards curiosity and walking off of the main path rather than punishing the player for exploring.The only real negative is that a few animations are a little off. Not game breaking or anything but mildly less immersive/polished as it could be. Its also around 2 hours long - which I guess is somewhat to be expected.Soundtrack is phenomenal.
,Recommended,301860,23794570,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,derenb,"I don't want to say climbing simulator but climbing simulator. Though a very, very beautiful one."
,Recommended,301860,29966804,Posted: 16 February,all,Hawke,"Submergedis a third-person action game. The closest comparison is anAssassin's Creedgame without combat and stealth. There are an interesting plot, good graphics and soundtrack, customizable and adequate controls (played with KB&M). The whole city is available for exploration from the beginning.For a seasoned RPG fan, the most amusing part is the chests, which contain the exact loot you're looking for. RNG done right."
76561198111467618,Recommended,301860,35451289,Posted: 3 October,all,fluffy power,"I got this game becuase i wanted a relaxing and beautifull game too play and i got what i wanted!relax......sail around.......discover the past of the world in little pictures...i recomend this game on a sale, or depending on how much time you want from it. played my time for 4 hours and are done whith the story.really recommend if you want to relax while playing!"
76561198019183905,Recommended,301860,35479659,Posted: 4 October,all,LostManAbroad,"I liked the game. It is a very nice game for the casual gamer. Gamers who like difficult, hardcore survivals will want to skip this one. I bought the game and completed it finding all secrets and all boat upgrades within 4 hours. For an open world exploration game it is very short. I bought the game when it was 80% off so I considered it to be value for money.If I had paid full price however then I would have been quite disappointed. There isn't really any challenge to this game. You cannot fall off ledges, fall into the water or otherwise hurt yourself. The only challenge is trying to find all the secrets, all of which are fairly easy to find.The setting in the game is quite nice and the story is quite nice. I like the simplicity of it. Having completed it to 100% I would say this game has zero replay value. I enjoyed playing it once but would not do so again. All in all though, I would say it was 4 hours of fun that cost me less than 2€. Going to my local cinema would have cost me 15€."
76561198072543081,Not Recommended,301860,35500139,Posted: 5 October,all,MoSteel27891,"Honestly I didn’t play the game for that long...not even long only a few minutes. Either way, part of what make games fun is a challenge or story. Yes, there is a story in submerge but it would almost be a better game if there was no story, and no goals, just explore, and discover the story that way, but we begin with your brother is hurt, find bandages for him.Though no expression from the characters, just their stiff movements they bring us this very dull narrative. It's the first time I've completely dismissed a game, and I played Blades X back in the day.In the few minutes that I played it, all I saw was a bare bones assassin’s creed climbing game. Sure you can explore the city but even that is dull, besides the whole concept of being submerged, the city is like any other ruined city you may find. The graphics are a touch above PS2 graphics, but my suggestion is wait, wait till the game is free before you get it. It’s really not even worth the 2 bucks even though it’s on sale.I am all for playing a game like this, but when it’s so dull it’s hard to get into, I was expecting something like Jak and Daxter without the fighting. This isn’t that. Sorry if all of my references are from PS2 era but that’s all I have to compare this to."
,Not Recommended,301860,25613878,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Delicious Orange,"A beautiful world, concept, and game engine; utterly wasted on a bland, boring, lifeless game.Looks great in screenshots, but is a mess of hyper modern, shallow gameplay.An 'explorative' collectathon with no sense of progress and controls so restrictive they quickly make the one dimensional design very tiresome. What is at first glance a very enchanting world quickly becomes a boring, repetitive slog with no sense of tension or urgency. Even the exploration aspect of the game is ham-strung by fact that the player is only permitted to move in very limited, pre-approved areas of the game world which are conspicuously signposted with the same 4 types of grabbable ledge/vines/pipes for the entire game. It becomes obvious very quickly that the buildings you explore are all just winding corridors where you simply press the right direction to continue forward. No puzzles, no mazes, no interesting usage of the environment, no enviromental storytelling; just a barren world that tells a disappointly shallow story of a girl magically finding exactly what she needs in whatever cache she happens to come across before a deus ex machina resolves the story for her at the end.There was nothing more disappointing than getting an achievement in the game for reaching the ""highest point in the world"" and looking around to see taller structures looming above."
76561198312983734,Recommended,301860,35502281,Posted: 5 October,all,AkiraZombie,"There are no enemies, no threats just exploring a beautifully designed city with nice relaxing music along with it. maybe there could be a better story line with better objectives. The gameplay is at most 5 hours. There are no challenging objectives. The music are similar to Nier Automata's' which is a great thing.If the developers decide on making a second game please note these:-make a better storyline without repeating objectives.-more climbing mechanics.-the music should play more often.the full price is too much. so buy it when it is on discount."
,Recommended,301860,17381355,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,elliot,"Not for a gamer looking for a challenging platformer, but worth a look for anyone else.A really polished indie exploration game.  I'm rarely one for this sort but it's so polished, looks beautiful and runs superb thanks to UE4 and talented devs.  Interesting story, well designed climing.  Really impressed by the level of polish.  Nothing is broken, everything feels and looks good.  Been following the dev diaries for this for some time and really pleased with the results."
,Not Recommended,301860,35450844,Posted: 3 October,all,yoodoll,"Damn. Please do not buy this game. I bought it for £1.49 which is still not worth it, but £14.99?! The only interesting thing about this game is the visuals.You go from building to building and collect supplies to help save your brother, but that is literally all there is to it. wasd to walk and climb and a short clip showing you ""healing"" your bro when you collect the crate.This is something I would give to my nieces when they want to play on my PC but I don't want them to actually /do/ anything."
,Not Recommended,301860,28084791,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Natos,"I would love to recommend this game, but i can't do it with it's price tag. I mean, if it was half what it costs, then i would give the thumb up, but the game as it is, has neither enough content, nor content with enough quality to justify the price tag.The game as good visuals, and a nice story. The music also fits well with the game. The problem with this game is the lack of  variety. The building looks all the same, and the exploration is basically the same every time, just climbing walls in a linear way.Still, if you find this game at a discount price, then i would say that it's worth the money, but for the full retail price, you are better off with other games."
,Not Recommended,301860,20363185,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sarcastick,"Gameplay of this was literally just ""use your telescope, find locations, get in boat, upgrade it maybe, climb buildings, get care-drops, heal your brother/light a fire/feed yourself""You can see why after the 3rd time of getting a care pack it got just a little bit boring and tedious"
,Not Recommended,301860,25559243,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,WC,"In just 2 hours I've completed the main story and over half of the optional stuff.  It's *short*.If that were the only issue, I could probably still recommend it.  But the exploration elements are pretty weak.  You'll use the same 4-5 architectural features over and over, and it's pretty rare that the exploration aspect poses a challenge in getting where you want to go.The boating is pretty boring after a few minutes, too, and exploration becomes a chore rather than a joy.And the story...  Ugh.  They limited themselves to tell it in childlike drawings with no words spoken.  The story is super simple, and the end is garbage.  I was beyond disappointed with the ending."
76561198028879718,Not Recommended,301860,27774214,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nineth_rider,"Very pretty game, but not much to play again."
,Recommended,301860,19918732,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,nicknicknicknick,there's whales and mantas and dolphins and zombies and flying fish.
76561198035706021,Not Recommended,301860,33681677,Posted: 20 July,all,Keks der Weisen,"I got it on summersale 2017... and i am glad, that I did not pay the full price.The game is so boring...I like the fact, that there are no fights and no rush at all. just exploring the little rotten city and climbing a few buildings. BUT everything looks the same! There is nothing interesting arround.You have to help your brother by getting supplies, which can be found on top of special buildings... thats it. If you have all the supplies after about 2 hours the game is finished.You could spend more time finding all the story-fragments, which explain the history of the city... but with the fact, that every building looks roughthly the same I had no desire to do so, because I was afraid to take phsychological damage from the lack of visual input ;-).And all that is really a shame, because the idea behind the game is quite nice and I was looking forward to play a relaxed exploring game... but with nothing really to explore the game left me a bit disappointed."
76561197993532931,Recommended,301860,23127138,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,dhaussler,"I have to echo the comments by others.  this is a fun game however its too short, you can bet in in only a few hours without really pushing."
76561198088320593,Recommended,301860,25043315,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Lemmks,"Such a simple and awesome game. No violence, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just an amazing place to explore and admire while learning what happened to the world and to the main characters. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,301860,26174401,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,mrs bonez,Assassin's Creed at it's finest.
76561198031875543,Recommended,301860,26272570,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Poliban,"To be honest the main thing this game as in his favor is the graphics, all the world design and the music, this game is stunning, but the gameplay gets repetitive really fast, you are either driving around your boat or climbing♥♥♥♥♥♥ so even though I recommend this game I only do so for does who like them indie games and don't mind getting done with the game after playing it 1 to 2 times"
76561198016292979,Not Recommended,301860,33784671,Posted: 25 July,all,Krilldor,"This game stinks and that really is too bad.This game is short, limited, small and rushed. This whole game feels like it needed a lot more attention, but was just abandoned or something. That really is a shame 'cause it could have been great.Objects stick out of surfaces, textures a repetative and poorly placed, the eploration is really just straightforward paths a lot of the time. After finishing this game I really felt like this game was incomplete. There are misterious/scary creatures and even that experience is ruined because you are told before playing there is no combat, so the whole effect of them is lost."
,Recommended,301860,33448289,Posted: 10 July,all,kgptzac,"An atmospheric exploration game set in a partially submerged city ruins.  It’s bit hard to as for $20, but I recommend get it when it’s on deep discount.  You should look away if you want a rich and interesting puzzle game… which this game isn’t.  It’s one of the few games that if you like what you see in the screenshots, you definitely should get it."
,Recommended,301860,24623881,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shady Boots,"Beautiful, simplistic and relaxing. Just what I needed. <3"
76561198025243656,Recommended,301860,25551661,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Madara,"Nice, came, albeit short. It was worth the 5 euros I spent on it, but 20 would have been too much. Nice and atmospheric, and great for chilling, as there ar no enemies or any danger at all."
76561198072803092,Recommended,301860,34719481,Posted: 3 September,all,Maui,Recommended on sale.
,Recommended,301860,33893421,Posted: 29 July,all,Zackhario,"Non-narrative, music driven game.The story follows a sweet big sister risking her life to save her brother, she ventures into a abandoned submerged city (Hence the game's name) and discovers the historu and the pretty spots in all corners of this city. Animation can be a little stiff and awkward at times, and the story is a little straight-forward and dull. But overall, a nice little break from other games.Good stuff."
,Recommended,301860,23768571,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Throcket,"Submerged evokes a delightful feeling of serenity as you navigate the overgrown remnants of a partially submerged city. The gameplay is fairly simple: explore, discover, return to base, however your efforts are rewarded with fragments of lore and story told with charming simplicity."
,Recommended,301860,35430069,Posted: 2 October,all,Moza,"Unique game! Great visuals, and interesting storyline."
,Recommended,301860,23739410,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Schalfing,"Highly recommend this game, however it is not for everyone. It is a game where you can watch something on another monitor while playing, or even stop for a while. If you like to complete something 100% it is an achievable goal in this game."
76561198097793104,Recommended,301860,24148951,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DrawingBoard,"The game isn't long, about 5-10 hours to complete the game (grab all the secrets and collectibles, and achieve every achievement); but what a wonderful 5-10 hours you'll have if you enjoy atmospheric games.Exploration is fun and gives the illusion of freedom well enough to keep you immersed, even if the building climbing is a set path(s). It can be annoying if you missed a secret, but even that isn't too awful.The world itself is beautiful and the character design is well done and matches the world design, especially as you get into the story. And the backstory is interesting as you must interpret a series of pictures (world backstory is gained from finding secrets and character backstory is discovered from story progression) that explain how things came to be.It's also a ""safe"" game: the only way to fail is to quit and give up. However, that doesn't mean there aren't a couple of more tense moments.And the music, while not the pinnacle of anything, is beautiful; and I'm not upset at the extra money the soundtrack cost.I purchased it on sale and recommend that anyone interested grab it for that; but don't be afraid to pay full price if you can spare the extra money and like the idea of a no-rush, safe, atmospheric game when you want a break from the normal."
,Recommended,301860,35452484,Posted: 3 October,all,Sylvan66,A truly beautiful game that takes you on a pleasant journey. The music provides ample atmosphere and conjures up a mesmerising soundscape. If you want a break from all the Lara Croft romps then look no further than this!
,Recommended,301860,35452932,Posted: 3 October,all,Skyward,"I bought the game while it was on sale for $1.99 and it was pretty good. I have a fear of the ocean and this game kind of helped me feel better about it with the no combat and such. Basically, I have a rule with games that doesn't always have to apply but it's a good rule to follow. Find a price you would spend on an hour of entertainment. I would spend about 1 or 2 dollars for one hour of entertainment. I bought this game for $1.99 so I am pretty happy. Anyway, the game is very unique in that it doesn't try to ""wow"" the player with action but more with mystery and beauty of this flooded city. In all, I'de rate it a 9/10 for the price I bought it for.I reduced a point due to the city's moss people disapearing into stone rubble walls and just flat out disapearing in mid air because the devs thought people wouldn't be able to see them."
,Recommended,301860,35487744,Posted: 4 October,all,Jacky Cola,This is shadow of colossus but in super easy mode becuase the colossoses are now just houses and you climb up but you don't have to kill them and the horse is now a boat because the floor turned all watery and it's not even a desert anymore because of the houses and the water.
76561198059494469,Recommended,301860,35507751,Posted: 5 October,all,PikaZoku,Omg For The Price OMG soo good
,Recommended,301860,17416428,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,AuldWolf,"I think the problems people have with this game come down to flawed ideals.1.)It Isn't Quantity Over QualityWhy do they love quantity over quality so? The best games I've ever played have been fairly short. I don't understand this desire to add in repetition, grind, and padding just so it's worth the money. Portal only lasted three hours yet it's been hailed as one of the greatest games of our time, and thus it should obvious why the importance lies in how much you enjoy something, not how much time you spend with it. Dragon Age: Origins claimed 60 hours of content, but 35 of those were spent in the labyrinthe dwarf tunnels being lost and repeating the same combat over and over until the person playing it was sick of it, and another 20 were just soulless grinding and repeated content.This is the kind of game addicted mindset that lead to MMOs and skinner box models. The best 'game' in the Quantity Over Quality category then is World of Warcraft, it has endless content. It doesn't matter that it's not fun to play; Nor does it matter that it doesn't have an interesting plot, narrative, or story; And it's fine that it's lore is just a pile of spaghetti and mostly sheer nonsense. It's got bang for buck, yo! That, apparently, makes it the best.From Mega Man to Portal, the quality over quantity category is stacked chock-a-block full of enjoyable titles which prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that this is what anyone should want. Portal, Ico, Doom, Quake, Shadow of the Colossus, flOwer, Braid, Shatter, Psychonauts, To the Moon, Streets of Rage (series), The Legend of Zelda: Windwaker, the original Metal Gear Solid, Day of the Tentacle, Ultima VII, Full Throttle, Life is Strange, Saints Row IV, Never Alone, Ori & the Blind Forest, Stacking, The Stanley Parable, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, recent Telltale series... I could go on as there are so, so many more. I think my point is made, though.There's no reason to choose quantity over quality unless you're a game addict, but if you are, you shouldn't be considered a metric of what is or is not a good game.2.)No CombatThere's no combat. It's an exploration game, but one with a strong story. This isn't Proteus. It actually does have goals to follow and things to find. To me, that's refreshing. A lot of people though have trouble getting stimulated unless there's violence on the screen, and I don't understand those people. There are far too many of them playing games, which means that whereas film goers can appreciate a film that doesn't incorporate violence in any shape or form, gamers are just gagging for it. I think that's sad.It also leads them to rage at titles like this where there's none of their shooty-shooty-bang-bang, or stabby-stabby. This leads me into my next point, but I'll get to that below. The fact is is that there's nothing wrong with a game that doesn't have violence, if there was then we'd pan everything from Tetris to To the Moon. It's a really simple-minded perspective to believe that everything needs murder, but some people need viscera to be stimulated. I can only imagine those who do to have very simplistic, extroverted minds that require non-stop stimulation. That doesn't reflect badly upon this game, but on them.3.)Not a Male Power FantasyGuys are used to this, and they rage whenever they don't get it as though the primary demographic of gaming is somehow being discriminated against. Oh boo hoo, cry me a river when most games are about male power fantasies, which involve characters guys want to be, being swooned over and praised by characters guys want to look at. See: Skyrim. I'm a guy but my fantasies tend to not involve sticking my mansword into things in order to have the masses faint with awe. I'm more secure with my identity than that, and more self aware. I prefer healing, or helping, or exploring.Whenever a game pops up that obviously isn't a male power fantasy though, you'll have people rage about it.Thee three factors explain all of the negative reviews for Submerged. Essentially: The negative reviewers aren't a particularly bright bunch. They like skinnerbox games filled with violence and male power fantasies because of course they do. It's all they can enjoy. But that doesn't mean you should take their reviews with anything more than a grain of salt. This is a particularly great game that practices quality over quantity.Ultimately, you'll have to decide for yourself. But read the negative reviews and tell me you don't see what I mean."
,Recommended,301860,17381940,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lionarith,"Really beautiful, a game to relax and explore."
76561198267781617,Not Recommended,301860,35441369,Posted: 3 October,all,jonathanansard,"i don't know if a bug or something like that, but the screen resolutions which are proposed from the game are a bit weird... for example : there is no 1920*1080 and 1280*720 neither.The game is very beautiful but i think it is missing a bit of dynamism, because actually the exploration gets boring very fast and this is very sad for that kind of game..."
,Recommended,301860,17522070,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sad,Simple and enjoy
76561198025035002,Recommended,301860,17379830,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,PhaineOfCatz,"An exploration oriented game, not really meant to be rushed through. Decent story with a very interesting way of being told. Controls are simple, but functions smoothly. I'd say 4 to 6 hours of gameplay(I beat it in under four without rushing, but I missed some of the boat parts and a creature.)"
76561197990657191,Not Recommended,301860,24084554,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Silencer-X,"Not much more than a Shadow of the Colossus clone. This is present in both the incredibly overused climbing and telescope mechanic. Even the SotC's storyline of bringing a loved one back to life while oneself is ""turned"" is present here. I really hope the developer didn't spend too much time on the beautiful visuals, which are in fact only enjoyable for the first hour or so because the level design, texture, and architectural diversity is so incredibly monotonous. This game could have been a treat of urban exploration if these elements had been crafted rather than so cookie-cuttered. There's something to be said for the foolishness of much effort without sufficient reflection. This game is a clear example of an indie title without indie creativity. It is true that this game does offer a non-violent alternative to Shadow of the Colossus, but did it have to be so obviously unoriginal in these gameplay and story components?"
76561198137876074,Not Recommended,301860,28146971,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SonicNinja75,"It was alright. Some people would say that the lack of combat is a nice change from most games but results in Submerged containing NO CHALLENGE WHAT-SO-EVER. There's not stamina for when you're climbing, no fuel or health for you boat and no threat from any of the creatures in the world. A game doesn't need combat but it does need challenge of some kind. The most challenging thing in this game was finding the next McGuffin to collect. It looks quite nice and it fun to explore the world at first but it quickly lost its appeal for me, at least.Submerged tries to be Journey by using minimilist picture story telling so that you can try to piece the story together and general prettiness to engage you but where it worked for Journey ('Cause Journey was prettier, had a more interesting story, an actual threat at times, had replay value AND, though not the most challenging, did give a challege at least.) it does not for Submerged.If you're interested in a PURE exploration game and do not want ANY form of challenge (unless you count trying to find the right route up a building a challenge) then Submerged will work. I'm not recommending this game as Journey exists and would be a better choice for someone who want a calming yet investing gaming experience....Yes, maybe I will marry Journey, shut up!"
,Not Recommended,301860,35479586,Posted: 4 October,all,SCUM NATH,if i bought this game full price i would be gutted ...
76561198049945266,Recommended,301860,26069334,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ZombieKef,"Nothing ground-breaking, but I thought it was pleasant, and it didn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,301860,25507024,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,cosmonaut,global warming is bad: the game
76561198025390794,Not Recommended,301860,28224029,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dmoser720,the story is strange and gameplay is slow.
76561197995200563,Recommended,301860,31923697,Posted: 23 May,all,Elcyion,"Relaxed exploration in a very pretty submerged landscape.  Short & to-the-point, and worth a look."
76561198063997969,Recommended,301860,23924118,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kingsultan,nice game
,Recommended,301860,23777635,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,obscurimity,"Beautiful game, both in terms of graphics and story. Climbing gameplay is a little too slow and repetitive, but my drive for exploration kept me going.I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a game they can just relax to for a couple hours."
76561198102909195,Recommended,301860,35455336,Posted: 3 October,all,Adamslovenski,The game appropriate to be in VR and for childrens
76561198045459051,Not Recommended,301860,31611479,Posted: 7 May,all,MrNobody9999,"This game is pretty and has a nice soundtrack.  That's pretty much where the positives end.I don't think you can die.  Sure, it gets scary at times, but I never felt like I was in danger of having to do a level over.  You just climb stuff and drive a boat.You have to piece most of the backstory together by finding collectibles.There are definitely better adventure games out there.  This would have made a decent animated movie."
,Recommended,301860,34733734,Posted: 4 September,all,Santiago !SATILIK HESAP! !SALE!,"This is a simple, relaxing game about exploring. It isn't that deep, but it doesn't need to be. It's nice to play while listening to a podcast or something, although the soundtrack is pretty good."
,Recommended,301860,35477931,Posted: 4 October,all,GodBlunt,cool game
76561197972142968,Not Recommended,301860,20738660,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Chiken_Sammich,"After 2.5 hours I think I have a good feel for the game.Submerged is pretty & there is a little bit of a story rearing it's head that piques the interest. The world has a real Beyond Good & Evil quality, but if that world was devoid of life. The devs were definitely aiming for a Shadow of the Colossus-esque game, but missed the mark by making this extremely tedious. All the character movements feel like you're trudging through molasses. If you're not patient & thorough. You'll either leave things behind or dread having to trek back to items you missed. As far as I'm concerned, It's a ""no"" vote."
76561198308242757,Not Recommended,301860,33393921,Posted: 8 July,all,Nicole (⊙ω⊙),"It was okay at first, but i didnt like it personally so i requested a refund, but it might be your game so give it a try if you want."
76561198170868615,Not Recommended,301860,29866355,Posted: 11 February,all,Lvl 69 Lickilicky,"What is this ending? Went from solid 7 for $7 to a 5 for noodle. Terrible ending, only took 3 hour. GG"
76561198054756204,Not Recommended,301860,31285082,Posted: 21 April,all,Echo127,"Not so great. I'd rate it ""meh"" if I could. Just wasn't particularly interesting."
,Not Recommended,301860,35482198,Posted: 4 October,all,LordOfDream,full of trash .... though the music is quite good
76561198044875450,Not Recommended,301860,32347657,Posted: 11 June,all,OneTaps >ALe KiT<,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ище
,Not Recommended,301860,35486686,Posted: 4 October,all,Hasu Desu,If i paid $20 it could be waste of money
76561198051742605,Not Recommended,301860,30412494,Posted: 9 March,all,Crazy PT22,This game feels more like a chore to finish rather than having a good time... Bad gameplay... boring :/
76561198154684965,Not Recommended,301860,35458646,Posted: 3 October,all,KAVUz,Hmm PLEASE no...
76561198189848261,Not Recommended,301860,35506258,Posted: 5 October,all,Pabmab,crap
,Not Recommended,301860,25003996,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ciaran,Would not start for me on a $2500 PC. Tried everything. Refund requested.
76561198052898025,Not Recommended,301860,29772487,Posted: 7 February,all,Michael Christy,"Extremely boring.  Didn't expect excitment or anything like that, based on game description, but the chores or objectives are repeative and dull...  decent graphics, but that is about it.  Game should be a FreeBee."
,Not Recommended,301860,23025780,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,heyhou95,"This is just Assassin's Creed without.Without a story, without characters, without fights, without death, without challenges, without assassin's costum and without assassin's jumps.But it has a lot of water and sad music."
76561198041627942,Not Recommended,301860,25452478,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Piercus1986,"One of, if not the, worst non-early-access game I've ever ""played."" I use ""played"" because all you do is hold down the up key the whole game, with the occasional REDUNDANT press of the ""E"" key... could've just made that automatic too.. save pretending whatsoever that this is anything other than an interactive novel......... with very few words............................. and no set up.................. and no real plot other than a whole game of saving the brother... damn he dies slow.Wow... what a pile of crap. And maybe if the graphics were at least current, and the world looked crazy, I'd say ""o.k... there's something to this interactive story,"" but it doesn't, so I don't.Unless it's on sale for a dollar or two, avoid it. Unless you like wordless interactive novels."
76561198120363173,Not Recommended,301860,25471399,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ratman01,"the most fun i had was when i reterned it to get my money backi only played 39 minutes so it could still be fun, but i couldent take it"
,Not Recommended,301860,25446248,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,schoemanleila,MOST BORING GAME EVER NOT WORTH IT!!!!!
76561198038623950,Recommended,301860,30714009,Posted: 24 March,all,Tosei,"Cute and simple game. Good for me since I am a completionist. It was nice to figure out the story of the city and the sister and brother. If you get all ""secrets"" you kind of get to know a bit about the world as it came to be after apocalyptic events.The stories about both the kids and the city are in the form of pictograms, but they are easily understood and fit very well with the theme and general atmosphere.The game is very simple and perhaps a bit too repetitive, but it is nice and relaxing to play for a few hours. I played it in one hour chunks which did not get me bored.The atmosphere and music and sound is very well done.The controls are easy and you can never die or damage your boat. This is really more of an interactive experience than a game where you must struggle to accomplish things."
,Recommended,301860,30619035,Posted: 19 March,all,Slayve,"After the first hour of playing this game, I wasn't sure I wanted to continue. It's rather pretty on the whole, but the textures are bland, the movement animation of the player character is the stiffest I've seen in many years, and the movement of the boat seems unnatural. Also, the only real action in the game--climbing buildings, à la Ubisoft towers--is not at all challenging or even clever for the most part. (To be fair, it isn't challenging in Ubisoft games, either; but those games offer other challenges, which this game does not.)But then I found myself coming back the next day to play some more. In part this was because of the interesting way the story unfolds via pictograms. There are two stories, one about the main characters, a brother and sister (you play the sister), and the other about how the world came to be ""submerged."" The city story is the longer of the two and I found it a bit hard to parse, but I appreciated the unique way the story was told was told. The pictograms are unlocked by finding collectibles, which gives you a reason to explore the world beyond finding the ten supply crates needed to nurse your injured little brother back to health, which is the primary motivation of the game.I was also struck by the natural beauty. Though the boat handles rather awkwardly, there are impressive moments as you zip along and a pod of dolphins comes to swim alongside your boat, or a ray soars over your head, or a giant whale breaches the water in front of you, backlit by a lovely sunset. There is no combat and you can't die. The game is just a charming palate cleanser, which is exactly what I needed after almost 45 brutal hours of Mafia 3."
,Recommended,301860,24174492,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Somatix,"It's kind of like Enslaved; but with more water, no fighting, very basic narrative, no death or challenge and a lot more climbing.  The submerged city looks very nice, although repetitive looking so it is difficult to navigate without referencing the map.  The same goes for climbing the different buildings, they really don't stick out from one another so once you've climbed one building you've essentially climbed them all.  Even with these issues though I still enjoyed my time with it.  If you can get it on sale (< $10) and find enjoyment just through exploration and discovery I would recommend it."
76561198019090860,Recommended,301860,24286018,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,rsknight,"Great if you are looking for some relaxing exploration game. Nice story, very short though, I finish it in about 4 hours and that's becasue I searched for every item and got all the achivements. Buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,301860,24362632,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,0xdeadbeef,"Buy it when it's on sale and if you're after a short but relaxing exploration experience.Submerged is a peaceful openworld game that offers some eyecandy and exploration. It's very short though: it took me only 6h for a 100% playthrough and I guess I used quite a bit of that time to search for the last few boat upgrades.From whatever perspective you look at it, it's a budget game. There is nearly no story, nearly no voice acting, nearly no typical gameplay challenge. While there are some stunning visuals here and there due to nice lighting and colors, it's clearly visible that the graphics where also created on a budget. Even the main character is rather stylized, there are only a few types of animals where all individuals of one species uses exactly the same model and a very small set of animations that is repeated over and over again. This is also true for the mutated humanoid beings.Last but not least, most of the buildings look a bit bland as well. Like square boxes with windows and not nearly as deteriorated as you would expect. And yeah, the city is not that big either.Anyway, I was somewhat aware of these issues and I got quite what I expected.I was after a peaceful exploration game, I liked the flooded city scenario and I bought it when it was  on sale.So I didn't regret buying or playing it. Just don't expect it to be a fully executed game like Enslaved."
76561197970397396,Recommended,301860,24904185,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DMB,"I have only played this game for about an hour, but this a case of love at first sight. The music, the art style, the sound, and the unfolding story all pull me in. This feels so different from any game I have tried before, despite it having elements that remind me of the best parts of Tomb Raider."
,Recommended,301860,24999823,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,JackFunk,"Submerged is a fairly short game that centers on exploring a flooded world.  The story is told without speech, using pictures and some text.  The narrative is effective and interesting.  The exploration is done in two different parts, in a boat and climbing buildings.  The climbing is straight forward and easy to control.  The main character has the grip strength of Ezio Auditore da Firenze.  the larger buildings are small puzzles of a sort.The visuals are very nice.  The world itself is a character.  Much effort clearly went into the design.  The music is sweet, but melancholy.  It fits the game perfectly.As I said above, it is short.  I finished it completely in about 5 hours.  That said, the length feels right for this game.  Any longer and it may have felt overwrought.If you like relaxing games that tell an interesting story (in a novel way), then give this a try."
,Recommended,301860,24776621,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Alaeus,"Short but cozy, very relaxing. Do not expect a twitch shooter.Have a cup of tea, a cookie and enjoy!"
76561198053942726,Recommended,301860,26447950,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,xenaever,"Such a relaxing game! No death, no damage, no enemies! Would have liked to be able to climb every building and you definetly need controller to play smoothly but all in all its a great, relaxing game."
76561198026506133,Recommended,301860,25518447,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Clueless,The closest PC gaming has gotten to Shadow of the Colossus!
76561198091869683,Recommended,301860,25507624,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jecomans,"Given the mixed reviews I had heard, I was apprehensive about buying the game at US$20 (AUD$26), so I took the chance in this sale. Given the experience, I think I would have been happy to buy it at full price. Some people are understandably disinclined to spend that much on a 3 hour indie title, but if you are the type of person who would consider it, I would recommend this one to you.First off, it performs quite nicely. I maybe didn't get quite as much from my powerful rig as I thought I would, but  was still happy with it, and once I had myself at 60fps it was very stable throughout, which was impressive given the draw distance you often can get, as well as the detail of the environments.As you probably know, the game itself consists of boat exploration (which was a little unweildy), and climbing buildings. The puzzle aspect of climbing is not designed to be much of a challenge, though nor is it brain-dead. You will be figuring out where to go to find the secrets, though. And thankfully, the character does climb quickly, so it never drags. The game does not allow failure, so you cannot fall, or flip the boat. Whilst I at times would have liked some more challenge, overall I think this more laid back attitude suits the tone well, and was a good idea.The backstory is told through simple pictures, which are the secrets found throughout the world, with the story itself told through a mixture of pictures and short cutscenes after each main climbing section. I found the story sweet, and tinged with the right amount of melancholy, which is backed up by the beautiful and minimal score. The player character, the girl, is also rather endearing, and I became quickly attached to her. The story is well presented and touching.It is a short game, but it does not outstay its welcome, and I think it is the right length for what they were trying to acheive. Even if a short game does not fit your budget needs, I really would recommend getting it for a price that works for you, because it is a very worthwhile experience to have."
76561198059143643,Recommended,301860,25625424,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Laraesque,"I am completely charmed by ""Submerged""! It is a simple yet elegant exploration game with beautiful graphics and a soothing soundtrack.  The objective strategy is simple: use a motor-driven boat to find secrets in the environment, which is a partially submerged city, abandoned after some apocalyptic event.  Despite the title, all the exploration occurs above the water line.  It requires navigating the boat to open up the map and clambering up set paths across ledges and vines on the protruding buildings.  You cannot fall.  There is no diving to see what is below.The specific goals are to find the following items:1. Essential supplies to save the life of the protagonist's little brother; finding all of these completes the story.2. Entries for the journal that tell the back story in pictorial form of the protagonist and the city3. Discover specific species of fauna of the city4. Pick up parts for the  motorboat.  (These did not seem to help or hinder the capability to explore, including distance or speed.)The story of the girl and her brother is poignant in a larger tragedy, although the mood of the world is neutral to upbeat due to the focused objectives, soothing sound track and gorgeous setting. I loved this setting and graphics style: buildings, gigantic statues, cranes, and bridges, reclaimed by flowers, palm tees, and vines and surrounded by an ocean alive with whales, manta rays, diving birds, and dolphins that trail you as you explore.  The whale animations are wonderful.  You can view them at water level or from up in the buildings. The color palette is rich and changes as night and day cycle.  Reflections on the water dazzle the eye with colors like a find pastel painting.The climbing is vaguely reminiscent of Tombraider without the jumping, leaping, and gymnastics.  No traps or dangers of any kind, however.A handy shortcut that is built in: after you complete a particularly complex climb up and around a building to claim the main objective atop or inside, you are immediately transported back to the main camp, so you don't have to retrace your steps down the building to your boat.Also, there is a spyglass tool that will affix secret locations to your map, making navigating to them easier. You don't have to use it, however.If you finish the main game objective, the ""Resume"" link of the menu changes to ""Explore,"" and you can continue to retrieve the remaining secrets.  Incidentally, the story line is linear; exploration is not.The graphics, setting, and story are so pleasing that they easily outweigh any negatives of the game.  Still, here are mine:Cons:* Only specific buildings can be climbed* The world is small.  I would love a larger world based on this story and environment.* If you have not claimed all the secrets of a building, before you claim the primary objective there, you must come back because of the automatic return.  It's a small world, though, so going back is not a terrible hardship.* There are only 8 species to find!  They are so well done; there should be more.This game was definitely worthwhile for me, as I love to wile away time in beautiful environments. It was just the right length for a pleasant interlude."
76561198060763780,Recommended,301860,25585065,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,belaviaair,Good adventure game just really short. Get it on special only not worth full price.
76561198048774883,Not Recommended,301860,25733538,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Stockholm Sydrome Personified,"I honestly love the game's concept.. But it gets old fast. 61 minutes played and  I was bored out of my mind. It's like No Man's sky, on the surface it provides a lot of juicy content, but on the inside, it's monotonous."
76561197961441722,Recommended,301860,26299998,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Destrier,This is the game Naughty Dog would make if they were a tiny indie company with a classical quartet in the office.
,Recommended,301860,26380445,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mike,"6/10 This is a very close thumbs up.Pros:- Pretty- Calm- Combat free- ArtsyNeutral:- Short (3-4 hours, but it gets repetetive quickly)- No speech (but ambience sound)- Very light story that is told only in pictures that you can find / will automatically unlock as you progress- Sudden endingCons:- Expensive- Repetetive game mechanic (climbing up the same ledges on different buildings to get secrets)- Game mechanic isn't much fun (the climbing feels very stiff)- 'Puzzles' are annoying. They're not difficult, but they require you to go back and forth a lot, climb buildings that you've already climbed and is quite time consuming. There is no logic behind them.Verdict: If you like the screenshots (e.g.https://steamcommunity.com/id/de_Mike_333/screenshots/?appid=301860&sort=oldestfirst&browsefilter=myfiles&view=imagewall)give the game a try, when it is on sale. If you're unsure go watch 10 minutes of let's play and you know what you'll expect for the rest of the game."
,Recommended,301860,26124707,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sir_Meowsalot,A simple joy of a game. Climb buildings and save your brother. Gorgeous water tech is the big thing in this game.
76561198053797588,Recommended,301860,26311648,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Doodlemuffins,"I was so deeply enthralled with the beauty of the environment, music, and the engaging story. I was hooked. I played the game non-stop for 6 hours and I don't regret a minute of it. The environment is breathtaking, the animals are dancing about you as you drive your boat and are beautifully rendered and animated, even the soundtrack is soothing and touching.This game is perfect for those who like to free-roam and explore or for those who like to collect up secrets and climb buildings. The gameplay is easy, and the whole thing is a relaxing and enjoyable game to play. They masterfully told 3 different stories all without any voice lines. Every story was beautiful. I was so anxious to reach the end and I was not disappointed.This game is a delightful, relaxing, engaging piece of art and I think everyone should be able to enjoy this.There isn't a thing I can think of that I didn't like. It has just the right amount of edge to make you worried for the protagonist and really feel for her, but there's no fighting, no running away from anything. Just sitting back and exploring the world and doing all you can for your brother. It was beautiful watching the story behind the children, the city, and the protagonists current journey unfold.This is a must buy!"
76561198075576006,Recommended,301860,26470644,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,chelapago,"Everything is great, love the environments and music and the animals. The only thing that bugs me is Miku's walking/run cycle. To slow and ridging for my liking, especially for this open world game. I wanna explore this place, but not at the cost of feeling like a sloth. ""C'mon, turn the corner now"".Wish I had the chance to explore inside a couple buildings"
76561198073488017,Recommended,301860,24378722,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kittensoft,"Just finished. Nice scenery and music, it's a relaxing game. Sadly it's quite short and repetitive, but it was kind of addicting trying to find all the secrets.  A warning, I couldn't get my logitech controller to work (and the sailing controls are terrible on the keyboard)...I have heard that wired xbox 360 controllers work, but I haven't been able to test this myself."
,Recommended,301860,24083747,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I saw this game on a Jim Sterling video about walking simulators. The thing is, I'm not quite sure this qualifies for that description.There's actual gameplay to be had here, although it's quite simple. There is no way to die - you simply explore the world in your boat, collecting papers and supplies, while climbing and exploring various buildings. It's not particularly challenging, and not particularly deep. In the right mood, it's relaxing.It reminds me of Assassin's Creed a bit - but only the portions where you're clambering around buildings collecting feathers and the like.If you want a very low-stress, simple exploration game, this is your man. If you want anything deeper, look elsewhere as you'll likely be bored. If the game was any longer, the limited gameplay would become a serious problem.I'd give this a 3/5 - it's an enjoyable enough time if you want something low-key."
,Recommended,301860,24054426,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,snakepaws,"A little neutral on this title overall. That said, I sway toward recommending it.Pros:+ Beautiful.+ Great setting and atmosphere.+ Good soundtrack.+ Simple controls.+ Relaxing.+ Short.Cons:- Price.- Short.The game is short, which lends both to its strength and weakness. Just as it's starting to get stale, you're wrapping up the main story. There's just not a lot to do. Collect pieces to make your boat's boost last longer. Collect artifacts. See creatures and landmarks. Collect supplies for the story. It's a pretty game, and feels more like art (in the ""classic"" sense; not getting into a ""videogames aren't art"" thing, so simmer down). Climbing starts to feel tedious at times.The $20 full price feels like too much. Even at $6.79 on sale, this game feels pricey. I guess it depends on how much you value your money, and how much expendable cash you have. I also feel the devs deserve compensation for their work, as this isn't a bad game by any means. So, for the length and content, I'd recommend it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,301860,24094392,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dannypent,"Submerged was surprisingly relaxing and the story, though minimally narrated, was quite good! Took about 2 1/2 hours to complete the main story and found all creatures, landmarks and roughly half of the secrets. Definitely worth a buy if you can find it on sale (wouldn't really recommend at $19.99 due to the length of the game).-The building climbing is very simple, yet oddly soothing.-Driving the boat is fun, turbo boost activated!-The creatues and world are beautiful.-The ending when.... nah, you find out for yourself. Luckily was the ending I hoped for, but with a twist!"
,Recommended,301860,24010592,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Legion♋495,"A good exploration gameThis game feels like ""Enslaved"" without such a direct story and technological gadgets. It looks quite nice and you basicly have to find the story by finding pictures and get the connection between all those.It's quite a task to find the history of this city itself by finding books which if you collect give you a picture, also places which you encounter give you those, I would wish more interaction with old places and that you could enter buildings.Not perfectBuild around the Unrealengine4 which at the time was quite new, but in my opinion there are things that could have been better like, the running/walking animation feels like the character gets slided over the ground rather than walking and there are collectibles sometimes with the item you need BUT if you collect your needed Item it spawns you back to the start so if you missed something(and or wanted to search for it) you have to do this first. This consums most times several minutes and thats the point where I wish there could be a button instead of an instand respawn to the start so you are able to still check out the building while you already have your needed item.Furthermore there are also Trees/Palms which have some nice clipping issues, but is there even a game without any clipping issues?Personally I also would like a faster climbing animation or atleast someway smoother as the way it is made consums the most time in this game and you can't explore every building.After all that it's still a wonderful game to look at"
76561198040085612,Recommended,301860,26740464,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Agent_Sliper,It was a lovely thing.
,Recommended,301860,24061861,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jonas™,"Sometimes you need a nice exploration game without all the mindless combat that is standard in most games today.  I found the exploration and sailing elements to be very enjoyable and a welcome change from what I have been playing lately.  The world is beautiful and haunting.  The cimbing aspects could have been a little more complex ala Assassins's Creed, but overall I really enjoyed the game.  I would love to see more of this world with new stories, but the developer has stated they wont be expanding on it, which is disappointing to me.Update: Still a nice break from shooting/stabbing stuff."
76561198035297348,Recommended,301860,28337211,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,~Jade~,"I fully recommend this game.  I paid $5 for it, but feel it was worth more than that.  I would have paid more to go to a movie theater, and this game was worth at least three movies.It is a story game - you explore around the city, collecting pieces to the story.  There is nothing else to it.  That is fine by me.  The story was good.  There is plenty to explore.  I was entranced by the game and didn't want to stop playing, even though it is a casual play style, allowing you to stop at any time and pick up where you left off.  I did not find it boring - it seemed to have just the right balance of play and story scenes."
,Recommended,301860,28295494,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Talon One,"Cute little exploration game, very nonlinear, very... chill, I guess?And it is beautiful.A bit short, though."
76561197975368702,Recommended,301860,28882391,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheRamenator,It was worth a play through.It does not take very long to beat.It was just different from anything other game I played.
,Recommended,301860,28438905,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Applesau5,"Submerged was interesting enough, however wait til a steam sale. It has assassin creed style climbing. Easy, peaceful, and I never had to worrry about falling off a giant building 7/10"
76561198036218875,Recommended,301860,28191288,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TrainFreak,"If you get this at a reduced price it is a little gem - I enjoyed much more than I thought i would. A nice change of pace, slow and gentle with a few stunning moments."
76561198032294592,Recommended,301860,27510692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MaX,Visually beautiful but lacking in substance.I can recommend if you can get it for at least 50% off and you have a few podcasts to catch up on.
76561198322297274,Recommended,301860,27263778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gainsboro,nice game.it's worth playing.
,Recommended,301860,23900469,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IvoryPeony,"Submerged is a nice and straightforward exploring game. It has no difficulty level since there aren't any puzzles (except for the achievements) and you can't die. The scenery is really pretty and the story is very open to interpretation, which I personally enjoyed a lot. I finished the game in 6 hours, taking my time to accomplish everything, but it was very soothing and relaxing. It felt a bit like Shadow of the Colossus, but very easy. I can really recommend Submerged if you want a nice and easygoing game.Plus:- Nice camerawork- Open, wordless storytelling- Easy controls, no game over- Great soundtrackMin:- A bit short maybe- The achievements can be glitchy- No indepth story or quests, repetitive gameplay"
,Recommended,301860,23892132,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Waxx,"I played through the story and didn't explore much, but even that was rewarding. The story is told in pictogram form, leaving you to decipher it however you want to. In all manners of speaking it's quite a beautiful game, and I look forward to going back and exploring the rest of the map at leisure.A good, relaxing time."
76561198107258071,Recommended,301860,23909542,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ax,"I found this game very relaxing and not particularly challenging, which I liked about it.  It's the kind of thing you can fire up and just explore with.  It's very obviously inspired by Ico and Shadow of the Colossus, so it's an extremely familiar feel to that with the camera cutaways and also very pretty with a heartbreaking, nostalgic, oppressively otherworldly feel to it.  I got really drawn in to finding all the different parts of the stories, which are not explicitly laid out but explained in pictures, and I was emotionally invested in the plight of the two characters.  I love the character designs, and the animations are a little weirdly weighted at times, but especially during moving and climbing they look really natural.  The only thing I really hurt for in the movement was the lack of a run button, but there's so much climbing and boating to kind of negate that and the boating controls are refreshingly precise (for a boat).That said, as other people have complained, there's not a whole lot of variety.  I really liked the open world aspect, but once you played through the first ""level"" you've pretty much seen all the game has to offer.  Either you have big abandoned buildings you climb all over with the same mechanics each time, or you have smaller areas just as hard to tell apart; once you realize that, the open world aspect gets less engrossing.  There was one other mechanic introduced in a subsequent level, but bafflingly it never came up again.  The story that you go through picking up the details for is also extremely vague, and it's really not rewarding to find another piece to just make you go ""and then there was a storm I guess?  and then more storm,"" so I would've appreciated either a cutscene or a textual or verbal story to go along with the vague pictures to make actually finding all of the pieces worthwhile.The other thing is that it's short, which considering it's in the style of Ico and SotC is not a surprise, but it's just too samey all over to keep that shortness from being a downside.  It's a good little game and one I definitely got emotionally attached to, but I'd recommend getting it on sale for that reason."
,Recommended,301860,23877273,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lord Máliko,"I recommend this when it's on sale.I 100%ed this game in about 4.5 hours and once you get everything I don't see any replay value here. So even on sale at 66% off giving a price of $6.79 I fail to get my dollar per hour, however I think it was definitely worth it for me.Pros:the world is beautiful and fun to explorebeautiful and relaxing soundtrack and sound effectsthe story presentation is spot on and really made me feel for the charactersthe story presentation also motivated me to get all the collectiblesintuitive controlsI didn't encounter a single bug in my playthroughit's a story experience I'm glad I hadno challenge (only a pro if you're in it for exploring and an emotional story)Cons:very shortlow replay valueno challenge (only a con if you require a challenge to have fun)"
,Recommended,301860,23853466,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tiramisu,"Loved it. Gently driving my little boat over the calm waves full of creatures in a beautiful green and lush environment of the abandoned, mysteriously submerged city.I'm not normally a completetionist in games but wow; this one, I could not stop looking for all the secrets, landmarks, creatures, boat parts and everything else collectible just to find out the story behind the submerged city, while of course eagerly looking for materials for the main purpose of family.Perhaps I wanted to continue wandering in every corner of the city because I enjoyed the peaceful scenery of driving on a small boat in the calm waters. I'd love more adventures that include driving a boat like this."
76561198176247989,Recommended,301860,29916785,Posted: 14 February,all,GemTheAngel,Now first off this game isn't for everyone but I am one of the people it is as of right now I just finished the game I took time to get everything it not action pack it isn't supposed to be but it is fun for people who like exploring and calm experience like it do the game controls well and the only problem I ever had was when I tried to walk along next to a ledge the game would something get confused since the up arrow made you both forward or up a ledge it's fun I would definitely play it again to boat around which was fun this game was also very beautiful and I am glad I got it
,Recommended,301860,32759374,Posted: 24 June,all,Marcone Antelius,"A game that favorably takes a break from the rush and chaos of usual games, Submerged is definitely something for those of us who like to explore. If you're expecting stylish combat and deep story packed in a 12-hour epic: don't bother. Its about simple climbing, exploration, and telling part of a story. While the climbing may get boring, it doesn't wear out its welcome with multiple pathways that lead to books which unlock story segments about the history of the world, all done visually. Boat upgrades and wildlife are out in the open to discover and part of the game's charm involves finding them. A calm soundtrack coupled with the amazing visuals of the Unreal Engine 4 almost make it a zen game. The only problem being the asking price, I'd recommend it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,301860,32773719,Posted: 25 June,all,Kailyr,"It's a simple climbing/exploration game, great to pick up on sale, but asks too much for the length and content of the game. The music and art style are very nice, and the story-telling element is different, but the story is very short and the ending feels boring and very '???'."
,Recommended,301860,33064501,Posted: 30 June,all,Anal Crusader,Best soundtrack of any game I've ever played.
,Recommended,301860,33644402,Posted: 18 July,all,DireMuffin,"I enjoyed this game a lot - and for $4 on sale, it's absolutely worth it. Pretty, peaceful, and surprisingly in-depth.Feels to me like Assassin's Creed without the assassinating - IE lots of exploring, collectibles, and simple 'climbing puzzles'.The visuals are gorgeous, the world is compelling, and they've done a good job even adding lore and a decodable alphabet. Don't go in expecting a whole lot of gameplay - the only thing separating it from a walking (boating?) simulator is the climbing mechanic, which is still quite simple.There's a lot here to enjoy, and enjoy it I did - 5 hours and 100% complete w/ cheevos. I highly recommend it."
76561197973498812,Not Recommended,301860,33646953,Posted: 19 July,all,Sherkhan,I am mixed on this - mainly because it is quite repetitive - once you climb up and get the stash it returns you and if you leave a secret you have to climb all over again so you have to make sure you have all the secrets before you get the stash and once you are done getting the secret there is no way to get back to the boat. The graphics are ok. The story line is good and did like the achievements even though some of them should've been easier. Towards the end it got tedious since the plot is rinse repeat. I completed it so I wouldn't say it is not worth it but could've been better.
76561198185527942,Recommended,301860,33463445,Posted: 11 July,all,Rue,"A simple and refreshing break from, murder, crime, combat, guns and blood....A slow paced story based game the concept is pretty simple you explore a dystopian city in search of medical supplies for your wounded brother.The game is part sandbox where you speed around on a boat looking for clues to how the city eded up in its current state.Part puzzle where you search for the best route up the side of a building scaling edges and shimming down drain pipes and ladders in order to find supplies and more clues.While the graphics are not amazing the ciy is atmospheric as you discover more clues and learn not is all like it seems.And the story is uniquley told with out dialog or narration.If you are prepared for a easy, relaxed and simple game this one can be quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,301860,33490442,Posted: 12 July,all,Blitzkrieg,"Beautiful game and experience overall. Ran smoothly on my potato farm.Might become boring for completionists when trying to obtain the ""Chronicles"" achievement. Not spoiling anything other than the mechanics itself, you'll sometimes find caches that will automaticaly take you to the central point in the map, which will then force you to climb the same skyscraper again to look for secrets that you may have missed when you found the cache. As there's no other way to climb down other than manually, you'll also then have to get to the boat manually.Other than the above, the game is beautiful and original enough for me to recommend buying it on sale."
76561198042344608,Recommended,301860,33838798,Posted: 27 July,all,FluffyBunni,"It was a good game to buy in the Summer Sale, for sure. Three hours well spent trying to piece out the story. Good work. :)"
76561198370109488,Recommended,301860,34571623,Posted: 29 August,all,littlesilvermaiden,"Very nice music. Could do with a map to make it easier to figure out where the heck you as a player are. I find it easy to get lost. Aside from that, very imaginative. It makes you think. No violence makes this the perfect game for the younglings to play and learn to think and problem solve."
76561198317039026,Recommended,301860,30011034,Posted: 18 February,all,JAGGEDx,CLIMB SIMULATOR
76561198398375911,Recommended,301860,34338147,Posted: 18 August,all,Zombie_Gurl5,Gorgeous game! I just fell in love with the story! Definitely one of my favorite games!
76561198001521783,Recommended,301860,34348324,Posted: 19 August,all,xatchett,"Well, let's start with the positives and then list the negatives.I personally liked the game. It's a nifty time-killer. You sail around a sunken city, climb dilapadated buildings and find stuff. That's about it. There are no enemies, there is no time limit. My dying brother survived for days without water and medicine while I was messing around, so you're in no hurry or anything. It's impossible to die in the game. The controlls are fine. The graphics are all right, it took some time to get used to them, but they do a nice job of setting the atmoshpere. The weather changes, time changes, it's nice. The music is okay. ""Submereged"" is a nice way to relax.Basically, this game reminded me of ""Shadow of the Colossus"", only without the Colussuses, and, of course, of ""Journey"" and ""Abzu"". It's a climbing simulator, and the only danger is getting lost or bored. If this is your jam, sure, go ahead, buy the game. I had fun. I got my money's worth for about 10 bucks. If it were 20 bucks - not so much. Unless you want to support the developers, which is a good cause, I guess.The trick to enjoying it is not to expect any challenge. Well, there are climbing puzzles, if you're interested in finding all of the secrets, and sailing around looking for animals, boat parts and scenery pieces, but that's about it. All in all, a relaxing experience. Maybe it could've been something more, but it's okay for what it is. A solid ""B"".Now, the negatives.- I understand how some people might find it boring. But it's my kind of boring, so I don't mind it that much. But it does get repetative. So if messing around with nothing much to do for a few hours isn't your idea of fun, you might want to skip this game. Even I had at one point or another wished for some element of excitement or, I don't know, urgency. Still, it felt fine, all in all.- I found the speed of the character somewhat strange. She runs rather slowly, but climbs like a monkey. Just messed a bit with the pace, I guess.- There is a minor possibility of getting stuck between a palm tree, a bush and a wall, but that happened to me only once, so, well, there's that. Just avoid tight spaces, and you'll be fine.- Aaaand the big one. The game crashed twice. On the second-to-last cutscene, and on the very last cutscene. I had to see the ending on youtube. Well, at the very least it picked up after restart with the loot already in my posession, so I didn't have to climb all the way back for it again. But yeah, that was disappointing.Still, I'd say ""Yeah, sure, go ahead, I recomend it. Just make sure you know what you're getting into."""
76561198079053148,Recommended,301860,34424192,Posted: 22 August,all,deathnfudge,"Nice little game if you're looking for a relaxing no-combat type of game. It gets rather repetitive, but I completed the whole thing in 5 hours, so it doesn't overstay its welcome. If you just do the story, it would probably only take a couple of hours."
,Recommended,301860,34434587,Posted: 23 August,all,Valxantr,"TL;DR - 9/10 (great if you're looking for a game to play in between games, to relax, nothing challenging, to just chill)First of all, Submerged is great despite it's lacking a lot. The game has so much potential to be more, still it has its place and does well as an exploration and adventure game. It's very straighforward, the world is simple and the story flat, yet keeps up a somewhat mysterious notion. The story is told in pictures you can find and the game does tell three stories at the same time: the story of you, the city and the world. It's great that they look like children's doodles and just fit perfectly the lonely setting of the two characters.As I said, it's lacking a lot, and by that I mean mechanics and depth. If there would be more, this game could've been more like a real platformer, but so far it's just a nice little trip down the chill-lane. You haven't got much to do in Submerged, everything is just laid out, you just gotta search and tackle it. There are not battles, nothing to hide from, just climb stuff and find stuff. That's the reason why I said it's only good for in between.Thus I also recommend getting it only while on sale.The only huge letdown I had was the ending. It was just building up such a great story just to be deconstructed and letting it go away. There just could've been more..."
,Recommended,301860,34630760,Posted: 31 August,all,Gloriana LaFey,"While the game was much shorter than I had hoped, it didn't disappoint.  It has an interesting world with a beautiful art style and interesting story.  I was impressed by the fact that they were able to tell an entire story without using words.  Lastly it was such a relief to take a break from all the killing in other games.  Never once did I worry about having to kill, or being killed, so I was able to stop and truly appreciate the atmosphere of the game.I really hope in the future we get an expansion or a sequel, hopefully something longer than the current game.  I’d love to revisit this world again, and explore it with all new adventures and mysteries to unravel."
76561198129354588,Recommended,301860,35047256,Posted: 18 September,all,DA SAMOORAIIIIIIIIIII,"Good gameplay good graphics kinda crappy animations (specifically walking) there isn't much incentive to play after you beat the story except to find all the other collectables, and I don't like the fact that you have to search for ages in order to find something. Overall I give it  6/10 its fun but its pretty short if you knock things out in a day like me."
,Recommended,301860,35135660,Posted: 22 September,all,Gimpy,"A beautiful little game with a compelling story, great environment and solid mechanics. If antyhign it could do with a little more variety to the movement controls but all round an excellent game. Well worth whiling a few hours away on."
,Recommended,301860,35467103,Posted: 4 October,all,dead_faith,"i finished the game in 1.5 hr.Nice game but a little bit boring,anyway its is worth 1$"
76561198238258422,Recommended,301860,35466903,Posted: 4 October,all,saxonenigma,"Nice calm peacful game.Great graphics.Boat is fun to drive.Climing not so much, but ehAlmost got 3 hours of play and paid less then $2 on sale. worth it!Feels like this could be great. If this was chapter one and only the begining..."
