user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030623077,Recommended,301840,35046743,Posted: 18 September,all,The Doctor,"Very early days, but shows a lot of promise. If you liked the original Prince of Persia games (I mean the 2D, tough as nails versions), you'll like this. Hard (you'll die often) but fun. Good fun even in this rough state and well worth the asky price."
76561198168764957,Recommended,301840,35049177,Posted: 18 September,all,British Curmudgeon,"I think the people who liked Bioshock are gonna love this game. It's fast, exhilerating and not that easy....at least for me!Set in an Arabian Nights metropolis that's full of traps to get you and help you get your enemies....of which there are many. Death is not good. You start at the level you are at. Visuals are good. Mechanics are very responsive.My favourite enemy so far are the ones who rush at you head first so you better dodge a lot. Using only a whip and scimitar you must fight your way to the exit (to the next level I guess) Think there are 12 levels in this early access version.So if you're looking for a good rogue-lite challenge, then this is for you!Quick look here :https://youtu.be/Rd4-78DFpLs"
,Recommended,301840,35097021,Posted: 20 September,all,hellstorm102,Know this. Only one may enter here. One whose worth lies far within. A diamond in the rough.
76561197994004240,Recommended,301840,35189313,Posted: 24 September,all,Shaalanaar,"So far City of Brass has been a really fun time. You run through agrabah and other arabian nights ish places and look for gold trinkets and chests, while avoiding various undead and some djinn. There is a good variety to your main and secondary weapons, and there are various power ups you can purchase that change gameplay somewhat. Its a game with a time limit (you are trying to avoid langoliers), so you want to take what you can and run. You really feel like a very skilled (or very inept) bandit, and the combat and interactions with the environment really benefit from good hand-eye coordination, a sense of timing, and a good sense of awareness with regards to what traps are around. I can't wait for additional content to be added (the devs are supposed to release major content patches every 4-6 weeks).Highly recommended."
76561198059859623,Recommended,301840,35092325,Posted: 20 September,all,Recluse Ronin,"Very good early access game.  It's a mix of Guantlet the Arcade game but done 1st person with a Prince of Persia environment.  It's fast and tough.  You have to fight, avoid traps, collect gold and use the environment to your advantage to help take out the enemy.  You only have 1 life and 12 levels to get through.  The levels are randomly generated.  You can use the gold to buy better equipment to help you, but when you die you lose it all unless you find a Genie that allows you to bank items to use on your next playthrough.  Very cool concept.  If you want fast action then this is a great game to try.It's in early Acess, so there are tweaks that will most likely becoming down the pipeline in the coming months, but it is a very polished game for $20."
76561198066856796,Recommended,301840,35300736,Posted: 29 September,all,Carnivore Potato,"A good game, but some sort of permanent progression would be a great addition."
,Recommended,301840,35097600,Posted: 20 September,all,baron von carson,"This is a very polished game for an Early Access title. It feels like rogue legacy + prince of persia + legend of grimlock all in first person!This game has a lot of potential to be a very great game, and given the level of polish so far, it looks that way. The devs are very involved in the discussion boards and taking player feedback.Highly recommended if you love rogue-lites and a challenge.Not to forget, it's made by Australian devs! So gotta support that Australian gaming scene."
76561198082396465,Recommended,301840,35051533,Posted: 18 September,all,DW x D3MON,"City of Brass peaked my interest by being set in a time in history, that while it has been explored before, was never given the chance to become saturated and boring. Personally, I feel the middle-eastern setting is one that many desire to become immersed in, as in the west it feels very alien and intriguing.Firstly, I will say that the screenshots did the visuals of the game justice. The game is not very demanding on Ultra settings which allows you to get good visuals, although not stunning, with a high frame rate. Although, I must admit that the graphics when on medium to high settings were not very sharp or pretty.However, when on max settings the environment presented does look very impressive and paints a picture of a very wealthy and historic city. The streets are detailed and the views in the distance are striking, creating the illusion that you are in a real and lived in city.Although, it is rare that you get a moment to admire the scenery (which unfortunately sometimes does become repetitive) as the timer to reach the end of the level ticks on. This feature gives the game an early arcade feel, which is further enforced by the fact that dying on any level brings you back to the start of the game. While I’m sure this has been done to create some longevity to an early access game, it does create some extra challenge which I know many will be fond of.Furthermore, for those that enjoy it this difficulty can be toned up further by the use of enabling buffs to enemies and hindrances on yourself in the menu before the game begins, similar to Halo. Although, the normal game is already quite challenging. There are many enemies and traps are common, hits do high damage and health is hard to come by. Some difficulty is created by the simplistic combat, combat is slower (which doesn’t feel out of place here) and while it is satisfying to hit an enemy and see their reaction to a strike from your sword or whip, it often feels like you are simply trading blows (hit, get hit, hit, get hit…). Perhaps adding in a parry or dodging ability with combos and more varied attacks would alleviate this though.A big positive is that enemies are varied and interesting leading to a small amount of variety in the simple combat system. I often found myself interested in the design and look of the enemies, their movements felt real giving the impression they were part of the world.Speaking of world… Although visually it is very fleshed out, in terms of story it is very much lacking. The only real lore that you receive is in the tutorial, and this is very general, very generic and very poorly presented. I feel that this setting is more deserving of a game that involves deep lore and story, that inspire the player to keep progressing because they want to learn more of the world they are in, not simply to reach the end of a stage and kill more enemies.Now, it is extremely important to add that this game is very much in early access. Because of this it is easy to forgive the short comings of the game so far as I’m sure these problems will be addressed. I do have faith that this game will improve greatly with updates as the game at this stage, while not full of content, is very polished. I personally feel that this is the best approach for an early access game, as it shows commitment to making the game a high-quality product rather than a long one.Hopefully, the level design of the game will become less repetitive (street, followed by courtyard, followed by street…) and there will be more light shone upon the story behind the city, the character, the enemies and the motive for exploring this beautiful but deadly location.Overall, I would say the price for this is fair and that I expect, as the game develops, may even become a very good price for a very good game. In its current state, I would not expect to pour hours into this game, but as content is added and hopefully some form of story is put in the game, I wouldn’t be surprised to see a fleshed out and immersive game that motivates you to explore and progress."
76561198000186788,Recommended,301840,35057958,Posted: 18 September,all,✘ Eat,Spelunky meets FPS. Really fun and quite challenging.You can watch a review belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMz1OKjZxMw
,Recommended,301840,35055556,Posted: 18 September,all,Supernova,"I had this game on my wishlist and kept an eye on it, waiting for it to be released as it looked like a lot of fun and very Prince of Persia feel to it. I also love roguelike/dungeon games so it was a really good thing to see these things combined; and I have to say; after only playing 1hr of this game, I love it!Its got everything I like about rogue games: Traps, varying layouts, treasure/loot, merchants and secrets too! It looks really promising and has really made my year to see a game in early acess that is really well polished and fun. I haven't found any bugs so far but there have been a few glitches with hit detection and items clipping through walls, but it's nothing a few patches can't fix.Really looking forward to seeing the continuous development of this game and best of luck to the devs to get it done! Bravo Uppercut Games!P.s. If you're still skeptical about getting this game after reading this, the game is very well done and feels almost finished in my opinion, so you could just wait it out and see what other people write in their reviews or wait for the full release, but its worth getting if you like procedurely generated adventures!"
,Recommended,301840,35141437,Posted: 22 September,all,DestroyerOfWorlds420,"love this game! so much fun running around whipping guys in the face, tripping them up, pulling them into traps. graphics are great and it runs perfect at ultra for me. very challenging, the combat is very satisfying, lots of throwables and diffrent weapons/whips to mix it all up. Find lots of treasure to buy upgrades from the genies scattered around the levels, so many diffrent things to make your run diffrent. its really alot of fun, very well done. Playing with an xbox controller and it works perfectly. Currently very bad at it, still very fun. Get it at full price or on sale worth it either way.System: i5 4690k 3.5ghz, 16mb Ram, GTX960SC 4gb, Windows10"
76561198254461081,Recommended,301840,35090726,Posted: 20 September,all,DigitalDaftPunk,"Saw this game on Early Jimpressions and it's pretty fun. There are some bugs which is to be expected of an early access title. A annoying one is one where your character refuses to swing his weapons though that could be a cooldown mechanic that I'm not aware of. One thing I really don't like about the game however are the traps that are right infront of/behind doors, it feels really ""petty"". I look forward to seeing how this game turns out."
76561197998700831,Recommended,301840,35081670,Posted: 20 September,all,[ERROR],Awesome game.  Love the art style
76561197982599663,Recommended,301840,35051788,Posted: 18 September,all,kidc,"This game is in EA, but is already fun to play and pretty darned polished. Its a first person rogue-lite, where you are looking for treasure, killing enemies, and avoiding traps. When you die, you start over from scratch and the level layout changes. Good so far, looking forward to see how the game evolves through EA.Check out my video below showing a few different deaths and how the first stage changes.https://youtu.be/zZ4P4qhic7c"
,Recommended,301840,35291653,Posted: 29 September,all,Altair22,"I had this game, and I got a refund.I was expecting a lot more parkour and Mirror's Edge style platforming and motion based on some of the descriptions and the gameplay snippets (wall runs, wall jumps, duck-and-rolls, building of momentum, etc.).  Like Prince of Persia except in first person.  Instead it was a lot of combat and very slow progression, with the only parkour-style movement being climbing up on things and a slide maneuver.  The levels are nice and maze-like, with many paths to take and lots of areas to explore before you reach the exit, but it still feels very, I don't know, constrained and crowded and small, in a way.  Each room is filled with dozens of traps and many enemies and even open areas like courtyards and marketplaces still feel kindof small and cramped.  Was hoping for some more grandiose and open areas and designs.  The whip is a fun weapon to use against enemies and traps, but I wish it was more useful in traversal (there are a few grapple points in each level but they are not required to use.  I would very much like to see non-optional platforming sections where you have to run, jump, and grapple/swing in sequences).  There's also not much enemy variety but I also could not get past level 3, this game is very hard and hopefully it will be tuned appropriately.   I guess this just wasn't what I was expecting.I thought it would be a rogue-lite first-person Prince of Persia but sadly it is far from that.  It's still a fun game with a very amazing unique aesthetic but it's just not my cup of tea.  I still recommend it though because the combat is still somewhat satisfying (using the whip to either stun enemies, knock their weapons away, or trip them, is immensely satisfying, and the sword combat has good weight and oomph to it).  The genies can either help or hurt you, which is an interesting mechanic.  The backstory of the world is great.  I wish there was just more to it.I really hope they revamp this game since it's still in Early Access, but sadly I think that they have the gameplay mechanics set in stone and the final release will only just be a more polished version of what is already available (which is already quite a lot).  Seriously there's a good game in here and for an early access game this is already somewhat impressive, it's just not for me and not what I was looking for.  I still recommend it though to at least try.7/10"
,Recommended,301840,35106662,Posted: 21 September,all,LoneSomeRider,"1. Like the artstyle, A few visual bugs here and there but overall nice looking.2 The gameplay is punishing and permadeath is painfully making itself known to the new player (me).3 Fun combat mechanics, whip can pull objects and enemies while also activating traps. The whip can also blind/stun enemies aswell as disarming them. swords are quite powerful melee weapons but may not be sutible for every enemy.4 well hidden traps that can both kill you and be explotied by you (luring charging enemies into)5 nice ai that sometimes trick you. that being said it could be fixed in some areas (once an entire room of enemies commited suicide by walking into the same spiketrap).6 good flow of movement mixed with good sound design makes for satisfying high speed runs.Wrap-up: Well made indie early access game with some really unique elements but a few faults. but buyers beware its a rougelite so if you have no clue what that is, do some research."
,Recommended,301840,35128532,Posted: 22 September,all,Reks,"I played this game for a few hours and felt like this game is indeed a breath of fresh air for the industry. With that eastern theme, of course the first game which comes to mind to compare with is a Prince of Persia. And this would by a surprisingly fair comparison.You might remember the prison depths of Jordan Mechner's creation - the original Prince of Persia popular back in 90s. Full of traps and foes, timed hardcore levels required you to make a lot of attempts. Beating this game back then felt like an achievement, it gave you a good feeling of satisfaction. And this game was not repetitive. There was always a twist. Constantly you encountered something new and mysterious, something that looked very dangerous and unpredictable. Like your reflection in a mirror which suddenly becomes your foe. Or an undead skeleton, which you cannot kill. Suddenly that required you to think. How do I defeat my reflection which shares my health pool? How do I defeat an undead skeleton? There was always a clever and interesting solution, almost with a grain of romance. And that romance made you feel like a hero.You might also remember a genius game called Prince of Persia Sand of Time. And I feel like Sands of Time is much closer to City of Brass. In Sands of Time we still have levels full of enemies and traps but in 3D. Exactly like City of Brass. In Sand of Time we also have much more romance. And that’s not exactly like City of Brass.So what makes City of Brass so unique and fresh? Of course it is procedural levels. Of course it is complexity. While we had a procedural and hardcore games before we never had these in 3D. City of Brass is something in between Sands of Time and original 2D Prince of Persia, but with no romance at all. The plot is very general in fact.This game is unique and interesting because this games tries. And those tries are good. But what we have right now in early access is simply not enough. And I really hope the devs know what they are doing and they will take a right direction. I really hope for this game to end up a good game.Let’s talk about what this game tries but cannot achieve right now (hopefully later).This game tries to make you feel like you are lost in the labyrinth built by twisted mad souls. The city is cursed. The city also wants you to feel the endless greed of its inhabitants. To experience their madness. To resist as long as you can, but surrender your soul in the end. The city tries. But city fails. There is not enough gold in the game about gold. Where are mountains of treasure? Where are piles of gold? Where are beautifully polished gems? You encounter a couple of chests per level and that’s it. You collect some golden jugs and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And it’s your only source of gold. Feels ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ man. Why can’t you let’s say have an option to break into some dude's house and rob him? You are a thief aren’t уou?The game tries to make you feel like you are playing some kind of Binding of Isaac game. Where it’s all about your items. But not only there is no interesting items, they also don’t matter that much. You are fine with default weapons. Any sword must be better than a default sword, and it’s not true in this game. There is like a bat which does no damage. Really man? A sword which just pushes your enemies and does no damage? Don’t you feel like that’s a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea? Any weapon must do damage. That’s why it’s called “weapon”. Where is a flaming sword? Where is vampire sword? Where is your usual steel sword which is better than your default? Where is an axe or a spear? It feels like your whip must do damage too. But it doesn’t. You must be able to slap your enemies to death. Yes, the whip plays kind of supportive role, but let it deal like ¼ of a heart damage. By the way, the character screams when he swings his sword are too irritating and absolutely must be removed.This game wants the whip to be interesting and useful. But right now there is not enough applications for the whip. You can stun enemies, trigger traps, you can draw and pick up distant items, you can hold to those rings hanging from the ceiling which I didn’t find any practical application for. And that’s about it. You gotta come up with more! And hang that ring above the deadly abyss!This game wants to be pretty. Right now the only truly beautiful moment is the beginning of the game, when you stand in front of the gates. And while I’m sure the devs will improve graphics at least to the level shown in their gameplay trailer, the very design of the game would not let you to appreciate the beauty of Arabic city. And the reason for that is that there is so many enemies in each level that you never have a moment of relief. You must constantly run and gun to survive. The levels must be bigger with moments of relief. Give player time to appreciate your graphical efforts. Give player time to just explore something interesting without a fear of being hurt by some mob from the back. Give player time to feel the atmosphere. I’m not even sure if the time restriction was a good idea overall. Show them your city from above. Let’s say there is a level above the ground where you need to travel from tower to tower by the huge bridges and observe the labyrinth down beneath. Give player some elevation overall. Open access to roofs.Talking about enemies and traps. There must be natural, intuitive, user-friendly way to kill every enemy and to completely disable every trap. I could not find a way to kill that stone midget with a dagger. Are they immortal? Even molten lava cannot stop them. And those genies throwing fireballs and raising skeletons. You must have a way to just stop them. I didn’t find one. Let’s say you have to pour sand or water into their lamp, maybe? Those vine traps are irritating by the way. You don’t want your player to get irritated. Maybe you can burn vines? Or burn some king of mother-tree, so all the vine traps are getting disabled. Whatever.Let’s talk about hardcore in this game. You don’t have a lot of health. I understand that. But you don’t have a lot of ways to restore health. In Binding of Isaac there were moments when a room is just full of hearts and you cannot carry more with you. There must be some cheap but rare opportunity to restore your health completely. And obviously there must be a way to increase the max health pool. Right now the game values health restoring for too much. The only way I found to restore health is to pay to that random health merchant a ridiculous amount of money for a single heart. Besides you usually don’t have that much money to pay him. When you encounter a merchant you must feel good and satisfied. A merchant is an opportunity for you to get an upgrade. And they are not giving you that feel in this game. Merchants don’t have interesting items and you don’t have enough money to buy anything good from them. There must be more gold and more ways to spend gold. There must be more ways to obtain items than buying them. I know chests have a rare chance to give you an item, but it’s not enough.Surprise a player with interesting interactions, bother them with something else but not only enemies. Let them feel the curse over your city. And let them become cursed themselves. Make city more interactive. The cursed souls want to be free right? Maybe some of them are sane enough to provide some help for the player? But who are the player? A thief or a hero? Let player build their identity somehow. Let cursed inhabitants to learn the player’s intentions so they can decide if they want to help him. Add puzzles and riddles. Add rules, by which city lives and evolves. Let player learn these rules. Add some kind of mysterious NPC’s other than merchants. Add a flying carpet in the end of a day."
76561198014648853,Recommended,301840,35145677,Posted: 22 September,all,Mischief,Fun game that doesn't lead you by the nose like most games.  Loved the arabian nights setting!
76561198042539144,Recommended,301840,35118285,Posted: 21 September,all,Helpless,"Awesome game! The controls are fluid, the environments are gorgeous and everything feels wildly interactive. I love it, and am super excited to see where it goes!"
,Recommended,301840,35142964,Posted: 22 September,all,Larry Chupacabra,"You know I never knew how much I needed an Indiana Jones Simulator in my life until I played this game. The use of a whip as a core tool in an action rogue-lite was great. Loved it. Especially when you can activate traps to make them trigger and kill enemies. that was fantastic.Overall I didn't have any complaints about this game. The graphics were nice. The Audio helps alert you to enemies. The only note Ill make is sometimes the terrain generation derps up, but thats just early access growing pains for you.https://youtu.be/M6ux6tK34VY"
76561198047310970,Recommended,301840,35114272,Posted: 21 September,all,FuzzyCat,Fun game...Like Extremely fun!! I would of played it more if it wasn't for a god damn Timer that forces you to speed run the game ...Pro tip : Make the timer an option ..
,Recommended,301840,35124113,Posted: 22 September,all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"The game so far seems very fluid and exciting with a great atmosphere similar to Dark messiah Might and Magic. There are so many traps it gets very tricky and often annoying to avoid them, however, you can use them to your advantage and use them on enemies. I haven't picked up on much of the mechanics but the whip mechanics work incredibly well knowing the game has only had one update, and for that matter thew whole game seems to be relitively bug free from the short while I played it."
,Recommended,301840,35070159,Posted: 19 September,all,AHmedia,Awesome! Nice old-school style rogue like! I really love the Arabian Nights setting and the procedural level generation. This is one of those games you can play for a few minutes without having to get too deep into things.It's also running on Unreal Engine and the graphics are of course stunning!!10/10
76561198309983235,Recommended,301840,35093504,Posted: 20 September,all,ZZ,AMAZING
76561198051261892,Recommended,301840,35136159,Posted: 22 September,all,Geralt of Rivia,This game have a soul
,Recommended,301840,35077938,Posted: 19 September,all,Wolf Nipple Chips,"I've been looking forward to this game all summer. It is so exciting to finally be able to play it. The art style and environments are gorgeous and the entire aesthetic is right out of Arabian Nights. The gameplay is sharp and challenging and it is a blast to chop my way through the city. Some carry-over between runs would be nice, but all in all this game is fantastic and I can't wait to see how it develops."
,Recommended,301840,35127971,Posted: 22 September,all,Hank,so this is how it feels to be a white man with power !
76561198034786347,Not Recommended,301840,35049403,Posted: 18 September,all,liquidmetaldebri,"everything looked good and saw some good reviews of the game, on here and youtube, i downloaded the game and went to play it, my mouse movements were unresponsive except for in a very small part of the screen when i alt+tab, so i was only able to look straight ahead and not move my sight up down or left or right, the mouse clicks respond fine, but without the ability to look around the game is quite unplayable, i will be uninstalling and asking for a refund, very disappointing."
