user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,301910,14085065,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Crazher,"Saints Row 4 Meets Hell Meets... Frozen?(Feat. Terry Crews as Satan!)If you loved the zany, crazy, madness that was Saints Row 4 - yes, thats including the superpowers and extremely insane themes. Then you will definitely get your money's worth with Gat Out of Hell.Gat Out of Hell is short, but still very worth it for the price, especially if you are an SR4 fan. I would say that I hurried through the game, and with a time of about 6 hours 12 minutes, I finished the main story, all activities with gold and collected all collectables on Hardcore difficulty (97% game complete, plenty diversions and kill quests left to do, but those are just timesinks).  Of course this is quite short, but considering they marked the game down to 20 dollars (compared to 60 dollar releases of the same quality), I would still say its well worth the money, or at the very least on sale.The story is.. a love-story!.. In hell! Without spoiling anything that isn't in the description of the game already, the President is kidnapped by Satan. He is to marry his daughter, Jezebel. And on top of that, the story is portrayed as a musical in a few instances. Additionally, regarding the story, if you are a fan of the story in the Saint's Row genre in general, you will find many references or even characters throughout the game that will make you either laugh or reminisce. The ending is one of various choices, that you get to choose yourself.On top of the story we also have activites, as in previous Saint's Row games, these often tie into the story in a way that you have to finish them to progress, personally I find most of these fun, even in previous Saint's Row games, so I did not have much of a problem with them, but I know some people are less inclined to do them - or even to strive for gold.They have added a dozen variations to previous activities, and a bunch that are based on the new flight power - such as ""Salvation"", you have to fly to falling souls and catch them before they reach the ground, without landing on the ground yourself.Gameplay is very similar to Saint's Row 4, in the sense that a lot of the superpowers are very similar, if not the same - with a few exceptions, such as ""Summon"", an ability to summon, for instance, an army of imps! Yes, that's right, your very own army of imps that will jump and attach themselves to your enemies while gnawing at their heads/limbs.As for bugs/glitches, I have yet to stumble across any - I did find a few activities that seemed like they could do with some tweaking in time, but to be frank, this might just be a matter of getting through the learning curve and optimizing how I do it better.I encountered a single bug that made me only get 939/940 of the soul clusters needed, this was a little annoying. (Edit: Turns out it was simply not on the map, but it was ingame, I found it now and have 940/940, link to map in comments).So would I recommend this game? Hell, yes.Edit: Pros and cons after finishing the gamePros:Saint's Row Insanity at its best.New activities/variations of old activities. (Salvation, Torment Fraud, Hellblazing with flight)New targets (Most are similar to SR4, but again, have a variation).New Map (Uses the same city-theme as the others, with a hell twist - but it is a new map)Characters from the older games (Dane, Dex, DeWynter sisters) + a few new original ones (Shakespeare, Vlad, etc).Plenty of new awesome weapons (7 deadly sins).New superpowers (Summon is entirely new, and all the others have new ""Elements""/variations).Story is as cheesy as any good Saint's Row story should be.It's cheap. At $20 you still get much more content and usage than a movie ticket. (Now imagine the inevitable 75% off at $5).Cons:Game is not reinventing itself. And while this is not THAT bad, because I am a huge fan of the SR series, it would be nice with some more variety from SR4.It's short - took me 6 hours to beat the story, gold all activities, and find all collectibles - could probably have been done faster. Still worth the $20 pricemark though, and definitely 50%-75% off if you can wait.Not enough Genki, although you do get to kill him at least once.Not enough old characters - Why not let us fight more old baddies again, let Gat kill Jyunichi (Aisha's killer) some more? Or Killbane for that matter?Not enough Shaundi and Pierce. Gat and Kinzie are great, sure, but couldn't they at least have had some more banter between them?There was no gang-war at all in this one, again, sure it's hell and all but..No radios - Who wouldn't have LOVED a hell-themed radio-set? Imagine talkshow hosts in hell, maybe even interviewing Satan?Conclusion:As a Saint's Row fan I will be inclined to recommend this at its full price no problem, if you love the series and cant get enough of SR4 - then get this for sure. Otherwise, you might want to hold off until it's 50% off. It's still a great addition to the series, and I've had a lot of fun with it already - and will most definitely continue doing so.Update:After 14 hours and 51 minutes, I 100%'d the game - this could definitely have been done faster, but I wasn't exactly speed-rushing through it. Of course, this is excluding 1 achievement (Spend 20 hours in hell)."
,Recommended,301910,19368608,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,alonsen,"Short review for those who want to purchase Saints Row: Gat out of Hell. I really enjoyed all previous SR games, so I just couldn't miss this one. Here's my experience:Pros• Gameplay is familiar to the SR4 (which was pretty good).• Good flying mechanics.• Several different endings.Cons• Very short.• There is no main quest, just a lot of sidequests.• Can't customize your character.• Can't customize your cars (but who need cars here?)• All neutral npc have same model.Overall, I can't say that game is bad, it's easy playing and fun as previous titles, but the disappointing part is that it ends just in the time when you start enjoying it. And that's kinda sad."
,Not Recommended,301910,19243415,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Akka,"I cannot afford to give this game the same kudos that I gave its predecessor.All of the effort went into the first third of the game, with the remainder of your hours spent doing exactly the same thing. The charade is so thin that the game breaks the 4th wall in allowing the protagonist to argue with the developers over the unnecessary padding.If you admit your own game is bad then why wouldn't I?"
,Not Recommended,301910,32240260,Posted: 7 June,all,Alice,"It hurts me to say that I hate this game.Mostly, becouse somebody had the nerve to call it a game, when it should be a SRIV DLC.Reasons:1- Predetermined characters: Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington, which means the same face with no chance of editing, nor clothes changes. Nothing.2- The map is Steelport once again, with no shops. Instead, you get vending machines.3- The story is ♥♥♥♥ing short, barely four hours.15 bucks for this. Honestly, I wish I didn't buy it."
,Recommended,301910,14320704,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,AngryBoz68,"A standalone expansion for SR IV, Gat out of Hell lets you make the Devil's playground your own.  Satan has kidnapped the President and the player as Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington are going to hell to get him back.  What is Gat's plan to get the boss back? -- Simple! Shoot the Devil in the face!If you enjoyed Saints Row IV then you should enjoy this game.  Gat out of Hell is a trimmed-down version of SR IV with a hellish theme.  You get a new city with New Hades that weighs-in approximately half the size of the Steelport map.  Super powers make a return but have different elements to reflect the new setting.  A new flight mechanic is introduced and it feels real good.  Many existing weapons also make a comeback, but new weapons reflecting the 7 deadly sins are introduced, which are very amusing and fun to use.Mission structure is somewhat different than previous games.  There are no scripted story missions.  You are introduced to 4 allies which you gain favor by completing side activities.  Finishing all of the activities for an ally will usually grant a new weapon.  The completion of side activities will also leave a trail of destruction that will gain the attention of the big red man himself.  A progress meter will fill as the player completes more activities, and once the meter is full, Satan himself will finally show-up and confront the player.  There are some good cutscenes as the player is introduced to allies and completes their tasks.  Story specific cutscenes also play at certain points as the progress meter fills which includes an amazing musical score.  So the game mainly plays as an open world sandbox where the story ends after completing a certain amount of side activities.  Surprisingly enough, once the game ends the player gets a choice of 5 different endings.  This is merely a choice that results in a cutscene and none of the actions during the game will influence the outcome.There is a lot to do as I spent about 20 hours completing the game to 100%, but one can actually complete the main story in 5 to 10 hours.  Additional time can be spent attempting to complete all of the numerous challenges in the game so the $20 price tag seems fair.  The numerous side activities are a lot like those from SR IV but with a twist to fit the theme.  A few new activities are also introduced to mix things up a little.There are a few downsides that may disappoint fans of the series though...You get to play as Gat or Kinzie, which is fantastic, but there is no customization for these characters at all.  There is also no weapon skin customization (though you can thankfully still upgrade weapons and powers).  In fact the only customization that you get in this game is the ability to import your unique ""boss"" from SR IV, but you only get to see the boss in a select few cutscenes.There is no licensed soundtrack like in the other games.  There is also no special celebrity guest appearance this time.  I guess the $20 price point made these features prohibitive but it would have been awesome to see something like Ozzy Osbourne show up in hell as one of the four allies and some heavy metal from Black Sabbath blaring in the background.Other features cut are vehicle upgrades and garages.  The player can still hijack vehicles, but the variety of those are few, and vehicles cannot be stored for retrieval or upgrade later.  I suppose these were lesser used features anyway since the super powers rendered them mostly useless.Another minor quibble is that there is little difference between playing Gat or Kinzie other than mainly appearance.  The player may easily switch between either at the Ultor building and there is no separate upgrade path.  So the choice is mainly a cosmetic one.  Although both Gat and Kinzie has their own set of 30 audio collectibles and the player has to be playing as the respective character to find those collectibles.I found the game to be rather entertaining as a SR IV expansion.  Definitely worth a look if you are a fan of Saints Row IV and want a little more of that kind of craziness."
,Not Recommended,301910,14168221,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DanTayl,"I loved Saints Row IV. I played the hell out of it, doing every side mission, spending hours upgrading every weapon, customising my character, vehicles and upgrading my abilities and powers. I loved the writing, the antagonist, the loyalty missions and the radio stations. It was one of my most favourite games of the 2013.Gat Out of Hell is such a disappointment and it left me feeling very sad, with no desire to play on after spending just a couple of hours on the side missions and basically stumbling upon the ending without realising it. It lacks so much of the joy and love that SRIV had. It's stripped of any customisation, the missions are generic and all of the loyalty missions are exactly the same. The writing was a big let down too, with a lot of the comedy hit and miss. The musical was great, but it was a complete contrast to the rest of the game. It didn't feel natural or absurd. It felt more of a sweet release from an otherwise dull atmosphere.The lazy excuse to ""remove all sins"" from the citizens of hell, simply so they can get away with using the same model for every pedestrian adds to the feeling of a very unloved game. I feel like the ambition of taking the Saints to hell was let down by either timing issues, budget or just the team wasn't up to it.It's Saints Row 4 without the customisation, the writing, the diversity of the loyalty missions, the range of assets and the radio. It's Saints Row 4 on a budget, which leaves me asking whether Saints Row is actually any good without those things. Gat Out of Hell answered that for me. It simply left me feeling very disappointed and with just 4 hours of gameplay, I feel like I've done everything I wanted to do in that game and instead would rather go have some more fun in Saints Row 4."
,Recommended,301910,32767815,Posted: 25 June,all,Carlos Danger,"How much is a metal as ♥♥♥♥ redo of steelport with some entirely new sections, no customization but 2 playable characters, a funny story, and hillarious judeo christian weapons?I don't know what it's worth to you, but $3.75 durring a summer sale seems more than reasonable."
,Recommended,301910,17397615,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell is a standalone expansion for Saints Row IV.Through Kinzie's birthday party the Saints play with an ouija board, which leads to the kidnapping of The Boss by Satan himself. Satan is trying to force him to marry his daughter, Jezebel. Johnny Gat and Kinzie follow them into hell to rescue the President.In Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell you play as Johnny Gat or you can switch over and play as Kinzie Kensington. While the superpowers from Saints Row 4 are immediately familiar, they are at least in new flavours. There are no shops to change the clothes and no homies to call up and fight alongside. Johnny and Kinzie's entire mission in Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell is to get Satan's attention with murder, mayhem, and chaos.It takes something around 5 hours to beat the game, to get all achievements it takes 20 hours ( the final achievement is to spend 20 hours in Hell).The graphics are nearly the same as in Saints Row IV, no real improvement. The city, New Hades, is not Steelport. There are similarities, but it is nonetheless a new place to explore.Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell has all of the character voices from the previous game. Unfortunately there is no in-game radio stations like it was in the previous games.Overall I think Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell is still a lot of fun to play if you play with a friend. If the price goes under 10 € you should get it if you are a fan of the previous games.Sounds 7/10Graphics 6/10Gameplay 6/10Atmosphere 7/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Recommended,301910,24031555,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tom,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a standalone expansion for the action adventure series. The game was developed by Volition Inc and published by Deep Silver, releasing in January 2015 on PC, PS3, Xbox 360, PS4 and Xbox One.The gameplay is almost identical to the rest of the games in the series. Playing from a third person perspective, you are thrown into the middle of a humorous and absurd sandbox world; and you take part in missions with the common aim of taking down Satan, of course.  Your character, Johnny, will receive some new superhuman abilities, such as the ability to fly, and one of the more memorable weapons to be found in the game, is the Gatling gun arm chair, I know it’s almost as ridiculous as it sounds.  The missions vary from one mode to another, none of them have any real story potential behind them, there is just pure action throughout the game. It almost felt like all the missions were sided activities from a game’s main element, but the ease and speed at which the game was taken at from beginning to end made the lack of any real story side of the game forgettable as you are having too much fun to realize it.Gat out of Hell relies on the same game engine as Saints Row IV; so we are going to have a decent looking game on our hands. The environments which you are able to explore definitely give you that feeling of being in hell; although they aren’t as interesting to explore as say that of GTA V, it is still a somewhat bustling city with thousands of collectable items to find and smaller side activities to take part in. The voice acting is pretty good here too, with a lot of the main characters from the previous games making a return.This game is by no means hard at all; I only died once throughout the whole playthrough. The only really challenging aspect of this game is the platforming element which is always going to be my virtual enemy since I hate it so very much. Getting a hang of the controls and the fact that both inverted controls and regular control systems are used quite a lot throughout too left me confused as to when to use which. Some of the missions don’t give you any explanation as to how to complete them too which isn’t always a bad thing, but after ten tries or so it would be nice to get a little hint to stop the embarrassment.I played through the story mode as well as working on collecting the majority of collectables and completing all of the side activities and targets across the city and still only managed to clock in just under ten hours; now this may not sound like much but this is a stand-alone experience so I have come to believe that a shorter amount of gameplay should be expected. I felt pleasantly filled up with my fix of Saints Row once I reached the game’s conclusion.Throughout the whole play through I only ever had one crash to desktop and I wasn’t able to find the cause of that and never happened again so I’ll put that down to luck. I was able to play with settings maxed out and kept it running at 60 FPS the whole time whilst streaming too. This is a really well-optimized game for most machines.Saints Row Gat out of Hell is a really good introductory game to the series if you are little on the fence about trying out some of the longer and more expensive titles. You can pick this game up for just £10.99 when not on sale, and even then this game is worth it. Such high production values on the genuinely fun gameplay make this a highly recommended game for me.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review site. You can also find me Streaminghere, or check out my YouTube channelherehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/301910"
,Recommended,301910,18508941,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,CrimZone,"As a big fan of the""Saints Row""franchise have to say that""Saints Row: Gat out of Hell""it's more like a DLC of""Saints Row IV"", because story is too short, compared with the other games of the franchise.This game takes place in hell, after the Saints Boss (this game loads your character from SR IV) is kidnapped by satan to get married with his daughter Jezebel.After that, Kinzie and Johnny Gat must save him and return safe. In game you can switch to play as Kinzie or Gat.This game takes place on the city ofNew Hades(the capital of hell), not as you expected the hell is, TheSinterpolit's the patrol of hell (new enemies, vehicles, etc).As previous games this one is as funny as them, secondary missions, twisted weapons and powers.Once you finish it you can choose alternative endings to make your own story of the end of Saints Row.8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,301910,16964168,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zweis†ein ( ಠ_ಠ),"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a standalone expansion to Saints Row IV and it stays completelly true to the game controls, fights system, special skills logic system and graohics engine. If you enjoyed Saints Row IV you will also enjoy this short expansion.I'm writting this strictly under the line set ever since SR3 was out, because that's when the Saints Row franchise jumped completelly out of the GTA like type of story telling and into overdosed craziness and hilariousness.PROS✔ Hilarious script writing as always. The game stays true to the new humor stadarts set ever since Saints Row 3 was out and keeps it up to the very weird crazy level that suits.✔ You get to have parodies, easter eggs and references here as well. The whole game is like a reference to teh Constantine movie and there's some hilarious Disney parody hidden in it, I should let you fidure out the rest.✔ If you liked SR4 and the special powers concept then you will love this as almost all of the skills you had exist here as well but this time with difference forms/ effects/ visuals and animations (for example you get to fly with wings instead of gliding).✔ You get to play as Kinzie and Gat (can choose between any of the two) and it's not a bad chance of pace.✔ Story makes little sense but keeps you interested enough to go on, like a Saints Row game should.✔ You character, sadly only existing in cincematics, is imported without the need of connecting to online community, which shows that the developers are now able to auto-import your character into a different installation.CONS✖ The game is pretty short. Was able to do all missions and side quests in a bit less than 6 hours and took some extra time to roam around and see what I can do for challenges, my interest for which quickly fade away due to repetiveness.MIXED☢ The price is not fair for what the game has to offer. Must get it during special offers.☢ This game felt a bit needless to have come out as a different title. It's nice but it feels more like a way to support the developers. And I gladly did, but I would also like it if this was possible to appear as a special DLC mission inside the SR4 game instead of a different title (not even sure if it would change much).FINAL VERDICT:I loved it. If you loved the crazyness of Saints Row IV then get this and have some more fun.Of course it has nothing to do with traditional sandbox gang war gaming so be sure to buy this while knowing what youa re getting into. It's a 7/10 for me, recommended to try, and defo worth checking during special offers.I really wonder about where this franchise can go next. I kinda wish to see something like SR3 again. SR4 was nice but having super powers during 80% of the game makes it meaningless to enjoy romaing around the city and pay attention to vehicles and their customizations.I wanna see more from where SR3 came from and I wish to see that overdose of easter eggs, parodies and references again."
,Recommended,301910,29976844,Posted: 16 February,all,Sly Turkey,"If you are looking for a full game then you will be dissapointed. However, if you think of this as a saints row 4 dlc, then it is beautiful."
,Not Recommended,301910,18388138,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,JOHJ,"I don't know about you guys, but for me, activities became the most boring part ever since The Third. This game is 99% activities, and so far (I got 3 out of 4 Satan's Wrath levels) there's been ABSOLUTELY NO ACTUAL MISSIONS. There *is* stuff like ""Recruit Homie"" and ""Rescue Homie"", but it's just the same repetitive shootout repeated with different characters. Because of this, the characters themselves don't get much time to shine and thus feel boring (except my boy Dane, he's just as charming as he was in 2).So, for me, this part is built on the most boring things of the franchise and lacks my favorite things (the characters, the interactions, the plot). If you didn't like activities much, like me, then skip this one. If you did like them, this game's alright.Oh, should note that flying is pretty fun, so this game has that going for it."
76561197999199323,Recommended,301910,14135488,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Strontium Dingo,"For $20, you get:- A game that feels like a funsize version of SR IV- To kill Dex over and over and over- an excuse to tell people to go away (""Go 'way! Saintin'!"")This is who would like this game:- people who liked SR IV- people who liked SR 3 but thought it didn't have enough Satan Punching or Super Powers, and also had too many cars and also way too much storyline, also people who hate run-on sentences may hate this sentence- people who like the Mighty Boosh - Okay, this is actually totally irrelevant, I just want to give a shout out- Jane Austen fans (it technically features 'a new book she wrote' - if you're insane like me)- Aussies who want to play SR IV style games with non-Aussie people.- people who like a good story and can read between the lines (the story is filled to the brim* with possibly-accidental allegory)- people who like snappy/snarky dialogue- people who like playing 'guess that voice actor'- Chrisitians with a twisted sense of humour may enjoy fighting Satan and his minions.This is who would hate this game:- people who expect a 40-hour AAA game for twenty bucks (it took me 5 hours and I dawdled)- Fundamentalists (I'm too scared to mock them, which is its own joke really)- people who hate fun- people who prefer GTA (which is fine, it's not a contest - lucky for you guys.)- people who still hate fun- Meatloaf fans expecting to hear a version of THAT song- Satanists may not enjoy the final battle. 'Do as thou wilt', I guess.*I really wanted to say 'filled to the brimstone' there, but I said it here instead."
,Not Recommended,301910,28010279,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Laffle,"Boring and tedious. Lacks everything that made previous games fun. Combat is not challenging at all. Go to place, click on demons. There's no meat to these bones, it's just all the boring minigames thrown together with some ~WACKY~ situations."
76561198034337204,Recommended,301910,23672419,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nightingale,"+Who didn't want to punch the devil in the face and become besties with Vlad the Imapler.-Short-Buy it only during sale, isn't worth full price."
,Recommended,301910,23452909,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,TSx* Naxer,"As far as I know, it's a standalone DLC. And IMO, for DLC, it's quite big... but not big enough to be considered a sequel or anything like that.The story is very short... In fact there are maybe 2 first quests about story, then doing typical takeover quests which act as loyalty missions for people like Shakespire or Blackbeard, that way you filled the meter of Satan's anger. When it's filled, you just have final boss with him.Completing this game 100% is tedious. I mean, about 90% of challenges are ""kill 100 demons with X gun/power"".So why do I still recommend this game? Because it's fun when you don't go for full completion... or at least forget about those challenges. And after all, it's standalone DLC, not full game. However, I'd say you should buy it when it's on sale."
76561198008405446,Not Recommended,301910,26724558,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Armoured Centurion,"Gat out of Hell is the expandalone for Saints row 4, basically meaning it could have easily been a DLC release, but as always making money is the top priority. The title felt like a quick cash grab from start to finish, everything about it seemed rushed and short lived, the map is just a copy paste Sci - Fi theme to an underground Hell theme but the theme itself was actually very appealing to be in and I just wish there was more to do in this title in terms of gameplay.The story is childs play, you get to play as either Jonny Gat or Kinzie Kensington and the end goal is to rescue the boss by shooting Satan in the face, anyone could have written it, while characters like Shakespeare, Vlad and Blackbeard where interesting historical figures with charming personalities they were short lived to the point of having 5 minutes worth of dialogue each, the story in general here is an utter waste besides the musical which did put a smile on my face.The side activities felt short lived as well sadly but they were still fun while they lasted, things like collecting soul clusters while flying around with angel wings felt like a good sense of freedom. There were still things like trail blaizing and insurance fraud, and doing other basic violent things to stop satan's operations.Overall the story and all side activities take around just over 5 hours to complete, if your a completionist like myself who wants to purchase all the upgrades for the new demonic powers which are actually worth getting because this is the new meat of the game, and they actually have a strong unique variety to them, it was just very shortlived.In conclusion, pick this title up on sale, have it as a side game to play when your bored of all the major triple A products out there that everyone has heard of, play it to blow off steam and wreck havoc, even if its only for a short time.Final rating - 2/5 for a mediocre experience."
,Recommended,301910,29282314,Posted: 15 January,all,Nexiu,"You can do everything you can't do in real life, like casting magic and talking to girls."
,Not Recommended,301910,30735958,Posted: 25 March,all,[PCNE$] Jz.Daki,"I know it's Saints row 4 expansion game, but cmon can't you guys made it longer?Loyalty missions on Sr4 was fun and different then other missions but in this game, go through some not fun side jobs and go save some souls! really?To be honest watching gat and kinzie singing is fun but it feels so childish like disney musicals, then i remember the good ol days on sr2ok im gonna stop b*tching about the game here's the pros and conspros:-fyling makes collecting clusters even more fun-you can play both kinzie and gat-You can be allies with some historic icons such as shakespeare, black beard and etc.-I got better fps compared to sr3 and sr4-Voice acting and soundtracks were greatCons-Super short (you can finish the game in 3 hours)-Non sense side jobs-City looks ugly and hard to see-Pedestriens are all have the same look-Most of the stuff are just reskins-Loyalty missions were s*it compared to sr4-Lack of customisations-Super easy to play even compared to sr4-No radioThis can be a ok game if it was longer4/10"
76561198018508159,Not Recommended,301910,15680271,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Aithor,"I should preface this by saying that even though I can't recommend this game, it is by no means terrible. Firstly, I will start off with what I liked:+Flight is much more enjoyable than in Saints row IV+Even though most of the powers are the same, they changed them up enough that combat felt different+Cool new weapons+Musical+Decent Story+Saints Row humorNow for the sad truth. Those positives were not enough. Flight was fun, but Saints Row isn't a flight simulator. I enjoyed the new guns and powers, but I don't play Saints Row for the combat (that's why I play Dark Souls.) The story was fine, and as always I enjoyed the satirical humor of the Saints Row games, but the story was far too short (less than 4 hours froms start to finish) and so there wasn't that much humor. It's hard to have many funny moments when the game itself doesn't have very moments at all. The musical scene was fantastic, but it was just one scene with a single reference later. The missions themselves were never bad, but they didn't impress either. Saints Row has always been good at steadily building up the craziness and zaniness so that every time you think you've seen it all, something new leaves you wondering. With Gat out of Hell, it feels like they through everything they had into the setting and the single musical scene. Once you accept the fact that you're in hell and have powers, the game doesn't really have any more surprises.If you're not like me and get your enjoyment from being a completionist, then this game may keep you interested, but I had trouble staying interested in a game that seemed terrified of trying anything new. The game is cheaper, but even with its low price, I wouldn't say it's worth it until it goes on sale for 75% off. It is being sold as a third of a Saints Row Game, but in terms of content it has less than a fifth."
,Not Recommended,301910,34174884,Posted: 11 August,all,Sergeant_Baker,In all honesty this game has disappointed me. For me personally Saints Row is a game of over the top ridiculous nonsense (at least in recent additions to the series) and this game is just not there.Gat out of hell's plot is weak. The game feels like for of a Dlc such as how the saints saved Christmas in IV or Trouble with clones in the 3rd. I'll give you a list of the things I've liked and notPro's• Good upgrades on abilities• You get to play as Johnny Gat (!!!)• See some old characters from the series• The weapons you get are pretty awesome (though not a patch on the dubstep gun from IV)Con's• Annoying characters!!! (Can't stand the devils daughter)• Lack of character from the main crew - you only see characters such as Pierce and Shaundi at the start and end)• All the side quests are annoying or boring - there wasn't a single one I liked• The wings are hard to control• The map is quite boring• THE VEHICLES - can't save any and they all look awful• No music - like cmon really?• The game is so short - like who is going to get the 40hours+ achievement when the campaign takes 8 hours to completeI love the saints row series! But this game just doesn't fit with the general theme. Hope it doesn't look like I'm complaining but is my honest opinion of the game.Disappointed as this game was the most expensive one I bought in the series and it was the worst (imo)
,Recommended,301910,14086653,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,PepperjackJig,Who doesn't wanna be Johnny Gat?
,Recommended,301910,25507610,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SamuraiSTALIN,"There are two different kinds of SR fans: The SR2 fanboys who have probably moved on to GTA V, and fans of SR4. If you fall into the latter camp, you will enjoy this game; if you fall into the former camp you'll ♥♥♥♥♥ about how it isn't SR2.Get it on sale. It's really bloody short but fun for what it is: a standalone expansion pack."
,Recommended,301910,14119277,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MattRock93,"Started game.OMG a cluster, oh wow another cluster.Better collect these clustersOk time for bed, oh wait a row of clusters better get themthey lead to more clusters ill just collect those.cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster*dies in a pool of my own clusters*"
,Not Recommended,301910,14173185,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Stymie,"It's a fun game but sadly I would not recommend it unless it's about $5. The customization is heavily stripped and lack of radio stations. Yes it's set on a new map, but it's a bit small and un-interesting to explore. I would only recommend it if you can get it for cheap. The campaign is short and it gets repetitive, as almost all of the missions are basically side missions and activities."
,Recommended,301910,14090765,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Owningchaunce,"Speaking from experience, this is the most realistic Hell simulator out there."
,Not Recommended,301910,29488487,Posted: 25 January,all,Just Sebastian,"It's fun, but go for Saints Row 4 instead. Saints Row 4 has more features, it's the same price, it has what I beleive is a longer story, and has better/less grindy missions."
,Recommended,301910,14085180,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bluetuna3,"*Edit after 100%ing the game I am changing the final scoreLet me just start of by saying that this IS a dlc/ expansion. BUT IS A GREAT DLC!  What did you expect a 15 hour long humerous story. Well that is no where to be found around here. What you do get is a reskin of SRIV. Sure there may be a new ""demon"" faction, new weapons, cars, and abilitys, but there is not enough. However I will say that this is a completionist's heaven.In the begining of the game the president is sucked into hell to marry the devils daughter. You playing as Johnny, go into hell to stop the weading. You must be thinking ""huh. this dosent sound bad at all for a story"". Wrong, besides an opening tutorial mission all you do is practically minigames, or a checklist of items to catch the devils attention. When you fill up a rage meter, you then begin a misson relating to the story.However the characters are great. I mean who doesn't want to play as Gat, or befriend Shakespear, Black-Beard and others. All in all if you're looking for a fun way to pass time then I reccomend this game.Story: 3/10Gameplay: 8/10Sound: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Fun-factor: 9/10**Total 37/50** or a **7.5 out of 10**"
,Recommended,301910,14148594,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,RaZeR2020,*Sets marker on map**Starts flying to location*Oh look a cluster!*Collects cluster*Oh look another cluster!...2h later:Oh look another cluster!11/10 Cluster collector simulator
,Recommended,301910,14092942,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,2$hort,"Being a fan Since Saints row 2:Pro's:Mayham: violence and flyingFunny Skits, cutscenesNo traffic :)Tie in all the lore well:Cons-NO sound track?!? all good I got Itunes or my ipod.I do miss my boss, clothing stores Tat's and car customization;No revenge for the guys who killed Aiesh O.o:  i figured that would be the first person Gat would look up in hell.Parts of the game had me laughing: Jonny gat doing a musical number....... Priceless.The intro was crazy, twisted and nutty......no complaints.I would have like the concept: Rescue the Boss: Then play as the boss and take over hell.""All we need a AC Couple flat screens, and stripper some poles.Warning issue loading in boss Character: before starting: load your SR4 Toon and remove any DLC clothing, Tats or hair may cause issue on loading into GOOH and cause CTD."
,Recommended,301910,14088871,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kenuty,"It's basically a reskinned version of saint's row 4 with the power adjusted and edited and modified.You can fly in hell, do activities and eventually pull out Santan and kick his♥♥♥♥♥ There were some funny moments in the game but overall it was lacking on the story side. I kinda gave it a thumbs up for killing the time that it did for me. It wasn't a bad game and wasn't♥♥♥♥♥♥bad either. It was just meh.7/10Would gat to hell and back again. Next stop Heaven.Best cutscene from gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5SNafZuaMk&feature=youtu.beVideo Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SyOF8tdtGg&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfwPros+ Music or rather the MUSICAL+ Plenty of activities and silly stuff to do+ Play as Johnny or Kinzie+ The cutscenes were funny and decent+ They still got the jokes+ Playing coop with a friend was at least decent+ Multiple ending choice LOLCons- It was really short, and thats not doing every activity but the majority of it in a quick run (4 hours to beat the game)- Once gat gets really powerful, he is ridiculously op the game becomes cakewalk on hard difficulty of course.- The weapons this time around wasn't as great as saint's row IV- There wasn't much to the story this time around.- There was plenty of activities but overall they got really tedious after a while.+- I expect much much more in the next sequel, they can't keep pumping out these short games anymore and upgrade the engine, its time to take the saints to the next level seriously. Milking the same engine of 4 over and over and over again is getting old and need more innovation in the direction of the story. They've got the joke, now they just need the world and more to it."
,Recommended,301910,29889434,Posted: 12 February,all,phoenix_advance,"Good game. Like a watered down version of Saints Row IV. I really like how Volition focuses on the feel of how the character moves around in game. This time with angel wings. It feels completely different to the gliding mechanics in Saints Row IV.Overall the game reminds me of Alan Wake: American Nightmare in the way that it's more like an expansion to the universe of Saints Row with a value/budget production. When done right, this is where quality shines rather than stretching it out for quantity. For example with Bulletstorm you only need 8 mins to understand a game play segment, then this is repeated for 11 hours. This is not the case with Saints Row: Gat out of Hell where everything is paced well.Of course the humour never stops. What's a prison like in Hell? Singing ""the wheels on the bus go round and round ..."" XDI was also very surprised at thetheatrical song. Top notch for a video game. Excellent programming, well done once again Volition.EDIT:The only let down for me was the multiple endings. I'm sure I've mentioned this heaps of times in some of my other reviews, but I'll reiterate it here again since nobody seems to be learning from this common mistake. It just doesn't work in games and is down-right frustrating. The only exception is IF the game is an instant-classic AND IF the ending is tied heavily to the choices you make in the game play right from the very start AND IF you're not forced to make a choice. Now these are pretty big IF's. The only game that has gotten this right imho is Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines."
,Recommended,301910,22558016,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TacticaL,"Good but wasted potential.It is a great DLC for SR4 but I would have preferred if they saved the characters, plot and mechanics for a full game.+Flying mechanic is a step up from gliding in IV+New and returning characters from past games+Fun+Co-op-No music-No character customization-Short (Really short, 4 hours to complete ""story"")-Achievements are super grindy (14+ hours to complete them, most which consist of killing demons over and over.)"
,Not Recommended,301910,29621530,Posted: 31 January,all,David0vić,"Pretty underwhelming even for standalone dlc standards. It mostly consists of you doing side activities to progress through the story and if you’re like me who has already done those activities dozens of times in the previous three games of the franchise, you might be looking for something slightly new or different and gat out of hell does not offer that. It’s basically more saints row side content and I don’t think there is enough here to warrant a standalone expansion. The story has a decent setup but it doesn’t really go anywhere and I didn’t find the humor clicking either. There are zero changes to the gameplay aside from the wings gimmick and even that feels mostly like the gliding from saint’s row 4. The hell city theme wasn’t very interesting or appealing to explore. Unless you are absolutely craving more saints row there is no reason to play this.5/10 (Average)"
,Recommended,301910,21737806,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"Let me just start of by saying that this IS a dlc. BUT IS A GREAT DLC! What did you expect a 15 hour long humerous story. Well that is no where to be found around here. What you do get is a reskin of SRIV. Sure there may be a new ""demon"" faction, new weapons, cars, and abilitys, but there is not enough. However I will say that this is a completionist's heaven."
,Recommended,301910,32862213,Posted: 27 June,all,General Kenobi,"Gat is basically a ♥♥♥♥ing badass. And now he has devil powers.The story was short but good, tons of funny hell-related puns, and generally a funny game.But if you're like me who likes to takes things off of their quest list, completing every challenge is a ♥♥♥♥ing chore. One of the challenges was to upgrade every weapon, and even after finishing every other challenge and the story, I had to farm money for about 8 ♥♥♥♥ety ♥♥♥♥ing hours.Great game tho."
,Not Recommended,301910,30327617,Posted: 4 March,all,Cuki Dep,"I love Saint's row franchise , i really do , i even endured Saints row 2 awful port , but this one? should be a dlc imo.can be beaten in 6-8 hours even doing 100% takeover in all of hell districts , barely any cutscene , i like the concept tho  but feels incredible rushed,  you get most of your main powers like 30min into the game , unlocking the extra effects of each requires finding them but overall they all suck except summon death pillar which is op!All guns are boring except the  7 sins ones and sadly you cant get most of them until far into the game , like after you really done all you could have done before with them leaving you unsatisfied, oh look i unlocked The super mega fire swords.... oh everything is done already here.The story is amusing and i love what they did with Vlad the impaler , he's by far the funniest character in there but you only talk to him like 2 times in the entire game , same with the rest of the characters and i mean talk as in , when you meet them , andwhen doing their ""loyalty mission"".Most of story cutscenes are presented in the way of a choose your own adventure book illustrations and shortly animated after , even when you 100% a district that's how you get rewarded per district.You cant even hang out with your homies, i would have paid to hang out with vlad or shakespeare in hell , but again nothing much to do , barely any activities and the rest of them are kill this and capture that gameplay nodes.I love however the ending, both the normal ones and the ""true"" ending. without spoiling anything one of those if it's going to be a thing in the future it would make for the best saint's row ever o.o 10/10tl;dr only buy when bundled , dont waste any more than that not worth it even if you're a SR fan like i am."
,Not Recommended,301910,25523248,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ppleater,"For this price, i cant reccomend it. It took me 2H19M to complete and felt more like a repeat of SR4. If you havnt played SR4, and you like sandbox games, this game is really fun. If you have played SR4 and are thinking of getting this, dont, its not worth the money unless its on sale.The story is pretty meh, and the gameplay is very samey of SR4."
,Not Recommended,301910,14120933,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,NGxscoot,"There's simply not enough content to justify the price tag. The new weapons and abilities are really fun (you get angel wings and flying is really great in this game), but there are only a few story missions and the rest of the game is just minigames taken from SRIV. It's padded to hell with these minigames (you need to do them to play the story missions), and even then it's only 3 hours long. It's not worth paying this much just for a few fun weapons.The musical scene is absolutely amazing though. Not worth grinding through 90 minutes of recycled minigames from SRIV, but worth finding on youtube."
,Not Recommended,301910,32740050,Posted: 24 June,all,cvaska,"I am a HUGE fan of the Saints Row franchise, but this game feels different. While Saints Row 2 remains my favorite game of all time, and you should totally get it, this game is not right. Saints Row 1 is good, Saints Row 2 is perfect, Saints Row 3 is Great, Saints Row 4 is okay, but Gat out of Hell is like a piece of DLC that is too large to be DLC, it just isn't good. I can't recommend this game. Also, it only takes 5 hours to finish the story."
76561198032119718,Recommended,301910,14094028,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Grubbs008,Kinzie's Boobs bounce. 99/10
76561198060257844,Not Recommended,301910,29078719,Posted: 6 January,all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"This might be fun if you've not played any of the previous games, but it is a far, far inferior version of the last two entries, both of which were excellent.  Most of the style and humor of those games is gone.  All this does is make you reinstall Saints Row The Third."
,Recommended,301910,28655267,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kodyd194,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is the shortest Saints Row game, by far, but I still enjoyed it for what it is. Gat out of Hell is less of a spin off, and more of an expansion pack for saints row 4 where you continue the games story as Gat. The game can be completed story wise in about three and a half hours, the majority of gameplay after that is just open world shenanigans and collectibles.One of the endings to Gat out of Hell directly spins off into the new game Agents of Mayhem so I am sure some fans may want to play Gat out of Hell just because of that. No matter what though I feel like Gat out of Hell was decent enough and recommend it to Saints Row fans."
,Not Recommended,301910,14175120,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Beredan,"Wasted Potential :(Likes-Awesome Buildings and Statues-Flying is fun after you max everything out-Being able to play as KenzieDislikes-Lack of any music. I would pay for this as a extra if possible as this is a $20 dollars game-Campaign is replaced by activities and a progress bar that unlocks the final boss-The promise of 5 hours that many people stated was untrue. I personally found i finished campaign in 4 hours and that was with 50% completion-Self awareness of laziness.-The ending offers multiple choices. The choices offered leads me to believe this game to be the last game in the current Saints Row franchise,ConclusionThis game would have been better if Volition had made this a Full size Saints Row game making it the final conclusion to the series. Instead we ended up with this, a car without doors, tyres, stereo and windows."
,Recommended,301910,14134953,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bustin,"Fantastic game. Like everyone before me has said, if you liked Saints Row 4 you will like this. Personally, I ended up liking Gat out of Hell more than SR4. Runs smooth, fun gameplay, good humour, pretty low price for the entertainment you get. What more could you ask for?"
76561198082881386,Recommended,301910,29167937,Posted: 10 January,all,Ketonal,"This is basically Saints Row 4 reskin.It doesn't have:- character customization,- vehicles customization,- plot.Instead we receive disneylike princes: Jezebel (Satans daughter) with her own musical song.Good deal.Just remember to buy it with heavy discount - game is too short to be worth base price."
,Recommended,301910,14212231,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DestroChris🐉,All in all it's a good Game.Just the Story is to short. (~4h-5h)But there is other Stuff todo.
,Recommended,301910,20312037,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,AbedsBrother,"If Saints Row 4 was a love letter to the franchise, Gat Out of Hell is a postcard. If SR4 was a game you enjoyed, go ahead an get this one, it's just as wild and crazy. The Boss has been kidnapped by Satan and taken to hell to marry his daughter, so Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington go after him/her. To get Satan to confront the duo, you have to destroy hell to get his attention.  A pretty thin story, but it works well as an excuse for raising hell all over hell.A number of old characters return, like the DeWynter sisters (SR3) and Dane Vogel (SR2). There are some new characters too, like Vlad the Impaler, Blackbeard, and Shakespeare. Oddly, though, they're not recruited as homies, only as “allies.” Single-player Gat Out of Hell is a solitary effort. And short. Others have claimed 6 hours for completing the story; I took 8, but that's still a quarter of the size of the other Saints Row games (maximum level is 20). If you want to bring the game to 100%, getting all the collectibles and completing all the activities, there's a lot to do, but the game devolves into a collect-a-thon at that point.Super powers return; Stomp, Minion-summon, Aura, and Blast each have three elements to choose from. The geography of  hell is new. Most of the activities are back, though in some new forms. Insurance Fraud is now about removing years off of souls' sentences in hell; when Adrenaline Mode is active, there is an explosive fire effect that can really heat things up. One of the best parts of Gat Out of Hell is the flying, which is good because you'll be doing a lot of it. The weapons are also a highlight; shooting frosting at enemies to make them attack each other? Yes, please. Shooting love dust at enemies to make them break into a sexy dance (even the titans)? Oh, yeah. If there is a downside, it's that the game is easy, even on the hardest difficulty.I had fun with Gat Out of Hell; Johnny was missing for most of Saints Row 3 and half of Saints Row IV, so this game was like catching up with an old friend. No, you're not playing as the Boss, but “Who wouldn't want to be Johnny Gat?” - Johnny Gat.Note about Kinzie for single-players: you can play as Kinzie throughout the campaign and switch between her and Johnny whenever you want; you just have to return to the Ultor lobby to do so. For the final boss battle, though, you will play as Johnny; Kinzie enters the room, Johnny shows up, they high-five, and you play as Johnny for the boss battle. It is calledGatOut of Hell, after all."
,Recommended,301910,33919848,Posted: 30 July,all,Cole420,"Another solid game in the Saints Row franchise.  The storymode is on the short side but it took me 30 hours to get 100% achievements.  The weapons and powers in this game were the coolest out of any Saints Row.  The missions could have been more creative but they were still enjoyable for the most part, especially Hellblazing.  There is no way to customize Kinzie or Gat but I didn't really mind that.  Unlike other Saints Row games, there is no option to select a soundtrack while in a car or foot.  Overall I have to recommend this if you enjoyed Saints Row games in the past."
,Recommended,301910,14138172,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dev.null,"The sequel to Saints Row IV is finally here and this time you play as Johnny Gat , one of the first saints and the oldest member of the gang and the president's closest friend.The president (your character) has been kidnapped by Satan to marry his daughter with the President and you (Johnny Gat /Kenzie)  has to track him down, shoot satan in the face and stop the wedding.It's basically a short version of Saints Row IV with new powers , new small city , short story line , new activities and returning deceased characters ( after all , you're in hell ).One thing missing from this game is the lack of radio stations , I absolutely loved how you could listen to tracks while gliding around the city in SRIV and was looking forward to listening some heavy metal while fighting satan's army but this dissapointed me.The game's story line might be short but hidden cutscenes make up for it.TL:DR ; Destroyed satan's army and took over hell just to save the boss.9/10would recommend this to any saints row fan."
,Recommended,301910,14112977,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kombat Unit,don't go into this expecting:1. a full fledged SR game2. any sort of campaign missions3. any sort of stability at the time of writing4. that the requirements are anything but stupid bloat because hurrdurr next genand you'll probably have funi'm clicking recommended but doing so knowing that one would need to already be a fan of the SR games to truly enjoy this title
,Recommended,301910,24753362,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zeikram,"FUN BUT SHORT^All you need to knowIt's like a reskinned Saints Row IV, instead of Aliens you get Demons. Instead of simulated powers you get Lucifer's Halo. The main story itself is short but there are a lot of side quests, distractions and activities you can do as well as collectibles like audio logs and some other weapons. I'm not into those things really so I don't think I will be finishing anything else aside from the main quest.It's pretty cheap and if you buy the game of the century bundle it's in there so I don't see any reason not to get this game."
76561198007554934,Not Recommended,301910,20711307,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,melkathi,"Extremly disappointed with this game. I went in expecting a short fun romp through a Saints game. And the writing is a lot of fun. Sadly it comes with a game attached to it that you have to endure to get at the story.Gat out of Hell took everything out of the Saints Row games that made them fun, threw them out of the window and kept only the repetitive boring parts. And unlike other games which would showcase each activity during the story, but leave it up to you to then decide whether you wanted to do more of a specific activity, this time you are forced through more and more of the same.It's a shame, but I guess I have to simply watch the cutscenes on youtube and uninstal this unfinished."
,Not Recommended,301910,16728526,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MacHaggis,"Funny, but finished it in less than 5 hours. Frankly, if you want a true Saint's Row game with the full extend of it's bizarre humor, play SR3."
,Recommended,301910,26022910,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,teh_chris,"This really should have been an expansion to SR4. Maybe it's merely a standalone expansion. Regardless, while I did have fun playing it, the story was much too short for me to give it any truly positive rating.Having bought it at the -75% price ($3.75), it's definitely worth it. It's not worth full price at all, and those looking into it should wait for a big sale to pick it up. Loved the musical numbers, found them hilarious. Wish we could have seen more of Satan's daughter, perhaps in a future SR game? She's great."
,Recommended,301910,23132863,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nicholas,"Essentially a four-hour DLC with a stack of padding to stretch it out into a stand-alone game.Still, if you can get it cheap enough (if you have the rest of the Saints Row games, it can be only a few dollars in the Saints Row bundle), it's good value.The musical number alone is worth playing this for, and some of the new activities are pretty clever, Plus, it's just great fun to be able to fly around so freely."
,Recommended,301910,14331054,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dana,"TL:DRversion? Here's for you.Might have spoilers, watch out!Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is just a standalone/expansion game of Saints Row 4. It doesn't really has a long story line. You can easily finish the main quests in 4 hours or less.Technically, it's just a continuation of SR4. The Saints are celebrating Kinzie's birthday. As a birthday game, they played ouija and asked some questions. Shaundi asked the board who's gonna marry the President. The board answered Jezebel. The President got sucked by a portal from hell. Now, Johnny Gat and Kenzie must save the President. That's about it. Nothing special.ProsYou can fly now(Lucifer's Angel Wings)You still have your super powersYour favorite activities are presentConsGlitches!You can only play Johnny or KenzieNo Customization or whatsoeverNo On-Foot radio station(You can use a mod if you really want an On-Foot Radio Station. Just ask me, or google it!)""Hell"" looks like SteelportFinal verdict:Don't expect too much. It's just like a mini version of Saints Row 4. But I think, you're still gonna have some fun playing it. If you really want this, just buy it on sale. Even though I bought it on full price, I think it's okay.Note:If you are having problems with the Flying Mode, try to un-invert it in the Control Settings."
,Not Recommended,301910,26103132,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sirk,"I't like Saints Row 4.But in hell.Powerups are nearly identical, the weapons work the same, the skills work the same, the missions are the same...There are even the ""Data clusters"", just that they've been renamed to Soul Clusters.I could go on.It's just plain boring after playing Saints row 4, which I enjoyed so much that I finished it thrice.Don't reccomend it if you have played SR4, but if you haven't and like hell and magic? Then sure. Go and play."
,Recommended,301910,14086097,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dyonus,"I'm not sure what I expected when I started this game (or rather expansion), but I'm certainly satisfied with what this is. It feels fuller than I would have expected. The only thing is, I don't feel I've done much in the game and it already says I'm at 41% and I'm only 2 hours in, so that's a little disappointing. Then again, I knew it wasn't going to be a long game. A few hours of fun in the Saints Row universe is what I wanted with this title and that's what it gives me.Flying mechanic took a little getting used to. It's a bit different from the glide mechanic in SR IV, but overall, I think it might be an improvement. Not much new as far as the weapons go. Except the preorder weapon is pretty neat, the hammer you get from Blackbeard is fun, and there's a gun that allows you to shoot hornets at demons. So that's great.The map is a bit small in this one. I think it's even smaller than Arkham City, but given the fact that there are no stores (so...no dressing Gat or Kinzie in your own attire), I guess it makes sense.Yeah, for a quick expanison, it's pretty fun. It'll sate your appetite for more destruction and mayhem until the next Saints Row game comes out."
,Recommended,301910,23282862,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kip,"This is a short, fun little tour thorugh the underworld. It isn't as fun as the rest of the Sains Row games, but fans of the series should appreciate it."
76561198255924552,Not Recommended,301910,31775681,Posted: 15 May,all,crowneddragon99,"The ability to import your character was broken as of the latest update to Saints Row IV and after more than 6 months, the developers STILL haven't fixed this. I, along with many others, don't want to play this game and have the characters we've used throughout several of the games in the series to be replaced by a generic character substitute. Having the other characters talk to this person who looks and sounds completely different to how you're used to completely kills the game for me. I really wanted to play this game, but if the devs don't care about it, then neither do I."
,Recommended,301910,14124155,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,LombaXShade,"Saints Row Gat Out of Hell is Absolutly a Great game that i've ever enjoyed to try.It has same things that SR 4 has but also include a new and Amazing things for example:New Weapons,Missions,Enemies,Storyline,Worldwide and whatelse.This game is actually has a Less Sizes then SR 4 and 3 but it has a lot of Things you can ever do.In some words:Epic Game and Amazing.Rating:10/10"
,Not Recommended,301910,24753340,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,VirtualVictory,"It's a cute game if you receive it as a gift or are interested in achievements but this game doesn't offer you much. Not only does Gat out of Hell bring nothing to the table that's innovative, furthering the gaming industry as a whole, in an abominable sum of ways it's going in the complete opposite direction. Personally, if this game wasn't $5.00 USD, I could've happily lived the rest of my life without spending a second in ""Sinterpool.""Aspects of Saints Row: Gat out of Hell worth criticizing●No Soundtrack.Unlike Saints Row, Saints Row 2, Saints Row: The Third or Saints Row IV, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell doesn't have a music soundtrack. No radio, you're in Hell, silly.●No Character Customization.Unlike Saints Row, Saints Row 2, Saints Row: The Third or Saints Row IV, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell doesn't allow you to change your appearance.●No Graphical Enhancements Since 2011.●No Modifications Made To Engine Since 2011.Aspects of Saints Row: Gat out of Hell worth praising●A single DLC pack?Unlike Saints Row: The Third and Saints Row IV, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell doesn't have $60.00 USD+ of downloadable content; it has 1 DLC.Many reviewers seem to give products a positive rating if they've received it for free or on sale, well, I did and that's not reason enough any more; it's not going to cut it. It makes for a good laugh but truly, it's repetitive, cheesy and the majority of the game you spend killing demons in one way or another to complete all 101 challenges. I didn't enjoy it as much as much as previous titles in the franchise and Volition, stop making half baked downloadable content ideas into games."
,Recommended,301910,14174261,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wolfie,It feels like the next stage from Saints Row 4 ~ Storywise was really funny and gave alot to the history of the series. It's Gameplay feels like what we would want in a Superhero type game. Works really well aside from wallrun and dashing trouble here and there; but really if you didn't have those two together it would make flying slow to start and not as fluid as it is right now. Nice work on the achievements letting you know it was expected from the dev team :P.If you are a fan ~ it's worth it. But new players to the series would appreciate SR4 much more.put in 10hours with near 100% completion aside from CO-OP stuff.Hopefully it's going to be part of the main storyline as one of the endings sounds like the perfect setup for a new Saints Row :]
76561198069033992,Not Recommended,301910,28126143,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AyKuZzZ,"Finished within 4 hour it's not worth it , only one fun scene other than game is about doing same boring sidemissions over and over and over again until you can fill satan's wrath meter most boring saints row game ever."
,Not Recommended,301910,34199443,Posted: 12 August,all,Matt_13,"Story seems way too short compared to other saints row games. Lucky I got this on sale, I would not recommend getting this game at full price."
,Not Recommended,301910,20120428,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Matak3000,"There's no missions. At all. Just those side quests that everyone tries to avoid in the previous games, that's the entire game. It took me 2 hours to finish the game. There's no progression in the story, it quite literally goes ""I'm gonna save the boss!"" Then Gat gets there, meets the allies, ♥♥♥♥s around, then goes and fights Satan.THEY PUT IN LOYALTY QUESTS FOR THE ALLIES AND I FINISHED TWO OUT OF 4 BEFORE THE MISSION TO FIGHT SATAN STARTS ON ITS OWN AND I BEAT THE GAME. WHY?It's worth it if you buy it in a sale, it's £3.73 when this was written, but anything more than that it's not even slightly worth, and that's coming from someone who's put about 500 hours into the Saints Row series overall."
,Recommended,301910,15108348,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Scarlet Witch,"If you are looking for funny and silly games,You'll love Saints Row:Gat out of Hell.I didn't get bored for a single moment.You'll gonna play as Jonny Gat or Kinzie.Namely,you won't be able to customize your character.Of course there are bad sides of game.For example:Storyline is too short,if you focus on main story you can finish game in 2 hours.Game is more like a DLC,more than a game.It likes Saints Row 4 so much about playing genre.But if you liked other Saints Row gamesI think you'll love this too"
,Recommended,301910,14146596,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Nitrogsen™,Got to punch satan in the face after he offered me to marry his daughter!11/10
76561198128905692,Recommended,301910,14784107,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Thiccy Niccy,"It was a decent game, short though which is a bummer. You can tell it is a reskinned version of SR 4 when you roam Hell.  It was still a good game in my opinion. I would recommend this game if you have a couple of hours downtime and have beat all your other games. ^.^"
,Recommended,301910,25557614,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ʀᴀɢɴᴀʀᴏᴋ,Super fun game but too short. I enjoyed the cutseens and the story is really cool. It is okay to buy the game if u have some extra bucks. If you are a broke college studen't then i advice you to save your money for another game because this game is pretty close to what u have played in SR4.
76561198021578123,Not Recommended,301910,19926495,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Carhartt Cranzee!,"I honestly cannot fathom why this was a standalone title instead of being DLC for Saints Row 4. Nearly 80% of the game is needless padding and still manages to be ridiculously short. No cribs, no decent vehicles, and no real Saints Row flair. This whole game was a big bucket of ""meh"""
76561198091233383,Not Recommended,301910,29369241,Posted: 19 January,all,Roninakuma,Hell is cool. Short game is not. Wait for a serious discount. See the time I put in? That's about all there is. Wish there was an inbetween for reccomendation. Bleh.
,Recommended,301910,25030009,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kura,"If you're a Saints Row lover, you'll like this one.Would be better if this game is an expansion, rather than being a separate game.This game is full of side activities though, so keep that in mind.Buy this game on sale if you want to, because this game is really short (probably like 6 hours or something)+Flight mechanics, really great once you get the hang of it-Hellblazing, f*** hellblazing, upgrade your flight arcane if you're having trouble with this crap"
,Recommended,301910,31388756,Posted: 27 April,all,MystRChaos,"DO NOT PLAY THIS AS A STANDALONE GAME.I love Saints Row games.  The entire series is just fun.  You can run the storyline or just run wild.  That's always how it is.  However, this time you get to do this in Hell.  As of the time I'm writing this, I'm only two hours into it, but so far, it seems like any other Saints Row game.  I did notice though, that the time it took me to get to 28% completed in this game was about the same amount of time it took me to get through the tutorial of Saints Row the Third.  This particular installment seems to be almost a Saints Row mini-game with a kind of Protoype flavor to it.  Hell is essentially Steelport on fire when the citizens don't have clothes and ALL fight you when you have any notoriety.  I don't know if I'd put this game on the same level as the other two most recent installments.  It's absolutely a Saints Row game.  The quick dialogue is there, the gameplay is fast and challenging, playstyle almost identical to any other SR installment, the modifiable difficulty is nice, new abilities are nice, but a little underwhelming compared to the previous game.  As opposed to the other games, the introduction seems a little rushed.  You have to already know the characters and know the ending to IV to get anything out of it.So, overall, worth playing.  Not as much as 4, and definitely not as much as 3, but still worth a run-through.DO NOT play ""Gat out of Hell"" before you play ""Saints Row IV"" and do not play ""Saints Row IV"" until you play ""The Third""."
,Recommended,301910,32908390,Posted: 27 June,all,Milestrong,"The actual storyline of Gat out of Hell can be completed in only a few hours, which is reasonable since this is a small standalone expansion to the SR series, but it's still extremely fun to play.It has all the good parts of the previous SR games- the witty dialogue, humorous  references, and all of the mayhem and destruction you can cause. And you get to do it in hell this time!"
,Recommended,301910,14104924,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,I AKU!,"Gat Out of Hell is a fun standalone DLC. Its still funny and the new powers are lot of fun to use. Flying is the newest addition and its really chill to fly around and its controls are smooth as butter. Hell is its own new map and its got some nice variation from an industrial hellscape, to huge♥♥♥♥♥shanty slums, to Hell's entertainment district. Its biggest flaws are that its really scant on story missions and major cutscenes and the soundtrack is barely there. The former does suck because it really could have been great if they fleshed it out some more but overall its more Saints Row at a budget price and that's nothing but a good thing. If you liked SR4 be sure to pick this up."
,Not Recommended,301910,29633147,Posted: 1 February,all,Cozy Boi,"Feels very weak even for a standalone DLC (or campaign, whatever). I've expected a progressive story through the game, better endings (the one I choose was 15-20 seconds long.) rather than ""play different mini games to progress to the final battle"" gameplay. It's still worth in sales but nah, I didn't like it at all as a Saints Row series fan."
,Recommended,301910,14090606,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pudge,"Gat out of Hell is another incredible open world playground with just enough new toys to play with to distract from its content problems. It is true that the game consists solely of side missions, with each set getting you closer to a cut scene that progresses the story along. The main campaign can easily be beaten in 4-5 hours of gameplay, although the game will hit the end credits before you run out of things to do in the city. The game's humor and style is still top notch, so whether you purchase at full price or wait for an inevitable sale depends solely on how much you love Saints Row.At $10 this would be a 100% must buy. At $20, it's for diehard fans only.Want an expansion on these thoughts? My full review is now up over atGeekenstein.com.www.geekenstein.com/review-saints-row-gat-hell/"
,Not Recommended,301910,26343554,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Krakaholyknight,"The game is okay so far but without a soundtrack or what not while you are driving cars or even while playing the game, the game is dull. Driving in hell with no music is boring. If you love the soundtracks that Saints Row brings you, get this while its on sale and be warned: There is NONE. The controls and everything else is all the same but.....the fact that there is no music.......really makes this a game I won't be likely to play a whole bunch."
,Recommended,301910,14199708,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheManko,"I wish Gat Out of Hell was twice as long. What you get is almost on the level of the regular game. It’s so close in quality, that it can be hard to put your finger on what it is that’s missing. It’s 90% of the way there. All of it is on a “good enough” level of quality to make it work. The mission designs, the writing, the world. It’s all ok. This means if you’re like me and you liked Saints Row 4, and you finished the campaign, and you’re wanting more of the same; then Gat Out of Hell delivers.What’s missing is the story missions. There’s only a few of them. The majority of the game is about side missions and collectibles. Fortunately those are all well done. I give them a pass because of just how limited of an audience they were aiming at with this. This isn’t Saints Row 5, this is fan service. And as that, it does its job well. If only there'd been a few more missions!"
,Not Recommended,301910,20906269,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Diggitheins,"okayi finished the game is about 3 hours (my save says 2:57).it sucks so bad. too easy, finished it fast and boring."
,Not Recommended,301910,31256814,Posted: 20 April,all,Niksunteri,"Meh, the game's price is a bit too big for such a short story, it reminds you way too much of the previous Saints Row game (Saints row IV). Also there is no character customization, but if you want to explore hell and don't really care about how short the story is, go for it.I think this ""expansion"" should just be a DLC for Saints Row IV for 7-10$ but otherwise, it's not that bad. I just didn't really enjoy it myself."
,Not Recommended,301910,16737992,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Large Cock MFG.,"A suprisingly un-enjoyable expandalone to Saints Row 4. The superpowers are both more overpowered and less enjoyable to use than the SR4 counterparts. Flight being introduced very earlier in the game as a major transport mechanic relying on your stamina. However the missions are very unvaried and quite linear, short and really shouldn't be counted as a storyline, more so a forced interaction with the various side missions (also less interesting variants of their SR4 counterparts, save one where you fly around saving souls from being damned or rising to the heavens [makes little sense, but it is SR so that is a minor part].) Cutscenes are void of existance with replacements being offered in the form of a story board with narration. If this is what we are to expect from Deep Silver with the Saints Row franchise, expect to be dissappointed with no real progression, consistant repetition, little explanation and near zero of the classic SR humor found so commonly in SR2 and SR:TT. Overall Saints Row: Gat out of Hell was a money grabbing release, offering no real improvement to the base game. Save your money and spend it on a promising Early Access or Indie game."
76561198271938813,Recommended,301910,25557691,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Wang Bang Bung Chung,"I love the game and the whole entire series but this one was way to short because if I did not do all the bonus stuff I would have beat it in 3-5 hours. This game took me 6 hours to beat cause i did extra stuff in the open world. I still love the game's ideas, storyline, etc. I would reccomend you guys still try it."
76561198051133213,Recommended,301910,22436289,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,The Wild Radstag,"A fun stand-alone that could have been developed easily into a bigger game. Fun gameplay but little customization. Pick it up if you're a fan of the series or like open-world games, though I'd only really recommend it on a sale.Full review with screenshots here:https://koolthingsforkoolkids.wordpress.com/2016/04/15/should-you-play-saints-row-gat-out-of-hell/"
76561197999369173,Recommended,301910,23831307,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HOOOOO,"It's basically DLC and more or less reuses the same city map as SR3 and 4, with some changes. Gameplay is extremely familiar if you've played Saints Row before. No character customization, but you do get to play as Johnny Gat which is nice.It's the victory lap of the Saints Row series. Get it or don't. Worth the money if bought on sale."
,Recommended,301910,30361588,Posted: 6 March,all,a_walking_dead,"Played and loved all of Saints Row games and this one is no exception.Though, I don't recommend it if it's your first Saints Row game and you're considering buying it just because it's the newest one, go get The Third. 8/10"
76561197994849545,Not Recommended,301910,29076030,Posted: 6 January,all,Lelouch,"It's not bad but it's a bit recycled, they even say it themselves in one of their breaking the fourth wall moments. It's worth 5 euro but nothing more."
76561198039336908,Not Recommended,301910,31532625,Posted: 3 May,all,JTUsn12,Finished the majority of the game in one sitting.  I would've been justified as DLC compared to what they did.  I don't mind the changes in the gameplay they did however this is another example of being lazy and no one stopping their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,301910,14188030,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,UnseatingKDawg,"Personally, I found this expansion to be enjoyable, but with some flaws.  While I had no crashing or glitching problems (the game ran pretty smoothly for me, actually), I didn't care for a few features, such as the following:-Lack of Story - While the story isn't bad, it isn't fleshed-out enough.  There could've been a lot more put into the story, like more detailed legacy missions (like in Saints Row IV, for example).  What irks me further is that certain characters from past games do make appearances in cutscenes near the end of the game, which could've been made into more missions (I won't delve into too many details since I don't want to spoil).-Certain Challenges/Achievements - By this point, why would we necessarily need to drive a vehicle?  We have the ability to run faster than nearly every vehicle driving around, not to mention we can fly anywhere we wish.  I also don't like how the monster trucks handle - they're very unwieldly, at least to me.  I also don't even know how to ride a car on a comet - they don't exactly explain that to you in the game.Well, that's what I didn't like.  Here's what I did like:-Playing as Johnny Gat - Always did want to play as him.  Sure, there's no customization, but Johnny is just awesome in action.  I also like how he slices and dices enemies with his knives.  That was a nice touch.  Most of his commentary blurbs are pretty funny too.-Weapons - While I didn't care for certain weapons (such as Last Supper), I really like some of the deadly weapons and plague-related weapons - specifically, the Armchair-A-Geddon, the Exodus 10, the Lil' Croaker, the Gods Hammer, and the Gallows Dodger.  They cause so much carnage!-Arcane Powers  - I do like what they've done with twisting the powers from Saints Row IV - such as turning enemies to stone, making them bow before you, and creating a vacuum by stomping the ground which sucks in all loose currency lying around.  Watching Imps tackle demons is great too - especially when you decide to blow them up.-Flying - Oh my God, FLYING.  It's great!  A lot better than SRIV's gliding setup, and its exhilirating.  The wings' look is just icing on the cake.  It's the quickest way to travel in any Saints Row game too, aside from warping using towers.-Location - While I didn't have a problem with Steelport being in Saints Row IV (I liked exploring and seeing the differences Zinyak put in), New Hades is a nice change.  Sure, it's not as big, but it's something new to explore.  I like all the sadistic stuff too - like the High Fryer Ferris Wheel, for example.  Really makes it feel like you're in a godforsaken place.-Carnage - Blowing people (well, husks) and demons up is a great way to relieve stress.In all, I'd recommend this game, if not for the story, but for the gameplay.  There's plenty of carnage to be had, and it's a good expansion to Saints Row IV.  $20 is a tad steep though - I'd say $10-$15 would be a bit more resonable.  Make of that what you will."
,Not Recommended,301910,20003915,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Caduceus,"This game is an interesting turn on SR. However, if you enjoyed the story-based missions of SR4 then this game is not for you. This game, to my surprise, is mostly based on side-activities and diversions. I recommend it to anyone who wishes to carry on with Saints Row based activities, as the environment and flying is a lot of fun to play with. Although, it was just not for me.It seems like a lazy and recycled content cash grab, and the concept is pushing it a far - even for the series that started off with street gangs, and progressed into aliens."
,Not Recommended,301910,26102810,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,Just finished Saints Row IV and this feels to me like a bad demo of the original ...Might be a good buy for a desperate Saints Row fan but I guess not for me.
,Recommended,301910,25688244,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Saints Row: Gat out of HellThis sequel is still another ""over the top, GTA sandbox style"" gameplay, and still ABSURD & TOTALLY CRAZY!However for this sequel, it stops there. In fact, I wouldn't call this a sequel... more like an extension as this ""GOOH"" is very short in playtime.What makes this sequel different from SRIV is the new setting in HELL and you get to be either Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington characters. You have different super powers than SRIV and have the same kind of side missions and quests you are used to do ever since SRIII and SRIV.PROS:+Play as Johnny Gat!... Or Kinzie Kensington!+Simple combat and driving models (can too simple be bad?)+Same upgrade system from SR3/SR4 except streamlined for LVL 20 MAX.+Stable game, no crashes or bugs encountered.+Flying mechanic feels great, especially once fully upgraded! You can stay in the air and fly the whole city fast! It is similar to the ""glide mechanic"" from SR4 but much better once fully upgraded!+Same game engine as SR3/SR4 meaning UltraWide 21:9, 1440p support.+/-Many different endings but from what I saw, you can only choose one and scrap the others. Maybe there's a way to see the other endings in the game but I haven't found a way (like replay the last mission) yet. Looks like YouTube is the answer...CONS:-Not a ""true sequel"". This game feels more like an extension than a full game.-Very short playtime. You can beat this in 5 hours (surely faster if you skip side missions or longer if you're a completionist).-No radio stations.-No noteable NPC/companions.-Bland dialogue, so little humor.-Recycled city map from SR3/SR4... Set on the same map from SR3, SR4 and this game... except with HELL ""skin"".-Can't make you're own character as you can only play Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington.-Average voice acting.-Graphically average STILL... (the game doesn't look that bad but about same fidelity as SR3 and the draw distance is poor).-Cars are still useless with the super powers (super sprint and fly)-Stupid enemies (very easy gameplay).-Gameworld ain't that big compared to GTA IV / V.OVERALL:Disappointing ""sequel"". I still had some fun playing it and thankfully the game ain't priced high so you don't feel cheated by purchasing it at full price. However, if after playing SR3 and SR4 you had enough of the playstyle, you may want to skip this ""extension"" and focus on other titles. OR you could always just watch YouTube for the story and endings!RECOMMENDATION:I do recommend it for Saints Row fans ONLY.Newcomer? This is not the game to start SR! Start with SR3 then SR4!"
,Recommended,301910,14132906,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hidemichi,Hell yeah! Who doesn't want to be Johnny Gat?
,Not Recommended,301910,31712367,Posted: 12 May,all,Sunky,"At first I am very disappointed with this game. I expected more from the developers. For the three hours I played, I noticed a huge difference from Saint Row IV to this one. The thing that left me most disappointed was the lag when you make a special melee combo .. and believe me .. it's not FPS problem, it's a glitch in the game. Another thing that made me very frustrated was that in this Saint Row you can not make much use of your character.I only recommend buying this game if it is on big sale, otherwise it isnt worth the money.4/10"
,Recommended,301910,14124167,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Minted,"Amazing! Love it, I love Saints Row and this was the best game in the series so far. The only down side is witch ending will they continue it from and the lack of music. The rest was amazing, 11/10, choosing from multiple endings was a key feature in this game and I LOVED IT!!! :)Spoiler Allert!!!If you are going to play it yourself do not continue reading!!!! :IMy favourite ending was when you get to see Aisha! That was emotional for me seeming I am a huge fan. It was nice and short, unlike the others that should have been longer. The one where you are a cop is good, just to short. :(-Finn"
,Recommended,301910,14087580,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,"Oh boy, here I go killing again.","It plays just like more Saints Row IV, just in set in Hell instead of Virtual Steelport, but I'm completely ok with that."
,Not Recommended,301910,24677977,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tac82,"If you like side missions, this is for you. If you like the storyline, this isn't for you. It has a really REALLY short story with a bunch of side missions for you to complete once you are done with the story line."
,Not Recommended,301910,18550779,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SwankyR,"Oh, my God. Where did it go so wrong?[UPDATE: Completed game]Let's start off with like the 2 pros:+It's Saint's Row characters+It can be randomly funny+End has a lot of options that will affect the story.But this game is like Jordans. You're gonna pay for the name brand, and mostlym not the quality.Cons:-Humor is sorta just meh, it was funny but now it's just like outdated humor of all sortsEx:""hurr durr look let's show the people a musical because we're random and funny xdddddddd""-Somehow MADE FLYING WORSEFlying is almost uncontrollable in this game until you're used to it. For me, it took me until 70% through the game to fly right and fast across the city. Post some results of when you started flying.-Plot doesn't make any sense.Ex:Okay, I get that Satan is trying to steal the boss, but when you get more evil than he does, please explain why he gets angry? He's the devil. He really didn't expect you to fight back and get angry and unleash his wrath in HELL?-HURTS you for not being a completionist.Ex:I had to take down most of the stations, missions, and activities to get my character to fly more than 100 meters. That's messed up.-Short. Obviously.Actually, this is way shorter than a 20 dollar game should be. I'm at 10 and I went full completionist on it. I finished the story in get this: 3 hours.-Buggy as hell.I've fallen under the map 5 times.-FPS dipsYou can thank the idiot who partnered with AMD and crashed every Intel/Nvidia setup and times.Thanks for trying.-Annyoying at times.When I was on the final boss I couldn't beat him. Why? Because it's complete FPS dropping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t [even though my rig is fine, I'll post below], cheesing ♥♥♥♥ing enemies and ragdolls, and guess what? I'm ♥♥♥♥ing stuck because the game forced me into this mission. Thanks.Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a weak cash-in on the series. I mean, how hard is it to make a damn quality game after you've shown us SR2, SR3, and SR4? It's like they grabbed a whole new series of devs, played the good games, then sat them all down and said: ""Now go make a game about Gat!"". It even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off when I played all 4 of the games before and thought extremely high of them all!Gat out of Hell: 4/10 - only pick up if it's less than 5$.It should say enough when a diehard fan like I was dissapointed."
,Recommended,301910,14202248,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bobv702000,"Stand alone expansion for Saints Row 4 that goes up to 11 on the crazy meter.You get to play Johnny Gat and Kinzie when the Boss gets abducted by Satan so that he can marry his daughter Jezebel to the Saints Leader.That is all the premise of the plot you need to know. If you loved SR4, you will enjoy this expansion to a new other level. If you haven't played any of the Saints Row game, I would recommend that you get the Game of the century edition of SR4 when it is on sale as it has more missions and gameplay hours and then, get this 1 when it is on sale. At full price, it is more for the fans of the series I think.Easily the most fun I had playing a game in the last few months."
,Not Recommended,301910,25961363,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MsDarkLow,"[As someone who only played SR3, SR4 and This]Also bad at making reviewsComparing this game to SR3 and SR4, its nothing more than just going to hell and with some special powers (sort of cool). But hey, you get to play as Johny & Kinzie!This game may have a few jokes here and there but there isn't much to see.There are no radio stations which leads to a boring background noise whenever you are traveling or something.There is OST in which fits in to the game. (But there aint much :o( )Doing the campaign was alright but everything else was pretty much boring and very grindy (challenges & achievements). I didn't even feel like doing them.I don't see much replayabilty in this game unless you really haven't played much games in the past.If you are ever thinking of buying SR3 or SR4 or This. Consider going for SR4 or SR3. I'd go for SR4 just because it is the one I mostly enjoyed playing Solo. (Co-oP must be amazing for both...)"
,Not Recommended,301910,16742265,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,EnterTheRobot,"I am a big fan of the series, but this one i can't get into. I love the big cities in the other games, and the scenery for this one doesn't work for me, and neither does doing things just to try and♥♥♥♥♥♥off satan. I don't care for flying and some of the missions just felt more tedious than in past games. Even to fans of the series i wouldn't recommend this one. I'd rather playthrough 2, 3, or 4 again.5/10"
76561198034569804,Recommended,301910,14125148,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,xXSFCShAdOwXx,I'm not sure what i think about this game. Having loved the Saints Row series since 2010 i'll say that this game was a little disappointing to say the least. As a metalhead and seeing as this game is set in hell and Saints Row IV lacked in metal music then i thought that we'd atleast get some metal music. That's not the case here. So far i haven't found a way to change radio stations if there even are any.Overall the game plays as Saints Row IV but in a different setting. Worth $15 but that's about it. Wait until it's on sale
,Recommended,301910,22847667,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Avoider74,"Should be Saints Row 4.5. Very short gameplay, classic triangle relationship drama with SR joke. Worth to get it if on sale."
,Recommended,301910,15606188,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,XZMB3XEPICRACCOON,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell Reviewso I finally got around to beating Saints Row Gat out of Hell and I gotta say it is pretty badass for what it's worth. for only being a $20 dollers DLC stand alone expansion of Saints Row 4 there is a huge wealth of content in this game. New Hades (aka Hell) is a decent size and very diverse city to explore with a ton of side quests and collectables to find. the story is a little bit on the short side but is still pretty good and there is multiple endings for replayability. the gameplay is mostly the same from SR4 but has been slightly refined and unlike SR4 New Hades was designed with your superpowers in mind unlike Steelport so you find yourself generally having a little more fun using them in this game.it is true however that most of the well known Saints Row features have been stripped from this game like character customization, editing the characters apparel, car customizations, radio, etc... and it is a slight bummer but I won't dock it any points for that, this isn't a full-fledged $60 dollar Saints Row game. for only asking $20 bucks I don't think they could've financially afford to have things like music considering everything that you already get in this game and as the game is about playing as Johnny Gat, character customization and apparel don't really make that much sense. all in all I think for what you get it is definitely worth the asking price and I would recommend picking this game up if you're a fan of the new crazy Saints Rows.Final Score: (7/10) Good :)"
76561197993118789,Recommended,301910,26228201,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,nerloch,"Every saga has to have a fitting epilogue, and SR: Gat out of Hell is a decent final chapter in wacky, crude, zany, filled to the brim with cultural references, emotional and bloody fun adventures of the Saints Row gang.Everything that you loved in third and fourth sequel is here: one last outrageous campaign where after fighting the corrupt ULTOR Corporation, Killbane and its associates, and Zinyak the alien conqueror of planet Earth, it’s time to settle the scores with forces of Hell for kidnapping the President of U.S.A. If you were more of a fan of the first two games that were much more serious in tone, Gat out of Hell is going to irk you the most. This time you play as a fan favorite Gat and his trusty, psychotic sidekick Kinzie as you wreak chaos in ole Lucifer’s domain, by doing main missions and side activities while making as much havoc as possible. While for me personally, Saints Row 3 was the best game in the series, this one is the least exciting, due to the overall shortness of the game and its buggy nature. As an expansion, if you focus only on the main story, it’ll take you around five hours to beat the game, but with all the side activities you will have fun most of the time with clocking at around 20 hours max.The impressive engine Volition has used in the last three games is finally showing its age, and while it still manages to look fine, the graphics wow factor is gone and the overall bland art direction coupled with washed out color palette makes Gat out of Hell visually forgettable and underused, especially if you consider the hellishly delightful look and style the game could have due to its themes. Also, the game is very buggy this time, with frequent flights to Windows or hard-crashes.Story is the highlight however, and even though it’s short, it is still fun and exciting as it was in the previous SR games. The best bit: a surprising musical halfway in the game. A musical… in an action, open-world game! Singing of any sort is in extremely short supply in games overall, but when I found out there is a short musical in Saints Row title, I was grinning like crazy from joy. There are multiple endings this time, and all of them feel satisfying and complete, leaving zero chance to any possible sequels. This is it, one last love letter from its developers to the fans.Action is still fun and hectic, like in previous SR games, where along great driving and shooting mechanics, coupled with super-sprint power from Saints Row 4, you have one more amazing addition: the power to fly. I cannot describe enough how good it feels to reach the brimstone skies and fly over the entire city of New Hades in a matter of minutes. It has to be experienced to be believed. Side activities unfortunately feel the most grinding this time. There was always an aspect of optional grinding for those who wanted to complete 100% in every previous SR game, but due to extremely low number of main quests and almost zero side quests, getting everything in Gat out of Hell for completionists is going to be an infernally repetitious task.Sound is excellent as before, but I presume due to budget constraints and the game’s relatively low cost, there is no radio music to play and add to the atmosphere and enjoyment as with previous games. I wish they added the option to play music from hard drive like GTA 3 did. Travelling around Hell and creating chaos is going to feel underwhelming without some music to kick in.Overall, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a mostly positive experience, as reviews right now suggest and gets a single thumb up from me. It is still crazy fun and one of the rare open-world GTA clones that doesn’t take itself seriously. After GTA Vice City and San Andreas, new GTA games became a bore to me, but Saints Row series carried their lost spirit and evolved enough to stand on its own feet. For that Volition, you have my thanks :D"
,Not Recommended,301910,26428305,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kain Klarden,"You might look on this and think ""Hey, Saints Row 4 was such a funny and entertaining game. I bet this is like a nice epilogue standalone DLC. And you play as Gat and Kinzie too!"" Well, the good news are that yes, it does have Gat and Kinzie as playable characters. Bad news - it's not nice, it's not fun, it's not entertaining, it's not as much of an epilogues as a pointless postscriptum. This is as if Volition saw some unused assets and things that they didn't use for SR3 and 4 and DLCs and thought ""You know what? Let's lump these pointless discarded things together and release as is.""The best part about this entire game is the intro cutscene. And I'm sure you can watch it on YouTube or something and save yourself several hours of utter boredom. Shockingly boring and mediocre, after fantastic SR4 and DLCs."
,Recommended,301910,15229976,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,portal2trollin,Who doesnt want to be Johnny Gat?
,Recommended,301910,22920525,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Much shorter than the other Saints Row games, but this is hands down the 2nd best animated musical starring the devil that I've ever seen."
,Recommended,301910,14130381,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Duncan,"Saints Row Gat out of Hell is a smaller game, but still fun!The game is a little weirder than the rest it includes a musical where Satan sings.But it has a lot of funny moments.If you are not sure if you want to buy this game check out this video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-yp7d-XVQo&feature=youtu.be"
76561198108104820,Recommended,301910,15893427,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Aghyad,How can you not love Saints Row ? <3
76561198042093172,Recommended,301910,24456243,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Пиу-Пиу,"Great fun game. Contains best concentrated features from Saints Row 4, like superpowers and other gameplay mechanics. Could be considered as SR4 DLC, but actually has enturely redesigned map, and needs at least 20 hours to complete it for 100%, Pretty casual though, even the hardocre mode is quite easy."
,Recommended,301910,22456594,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,rick and morty is overrated,a big ''f*ck off'' to those guys who hates mini-games in others saints row
76561197988861706,Not Recommended,301910,25347297,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Drumenigma,It felt like they just took some of the newly introduced mechanics from Saints IV and tossed it together in the setting of Hell only without as good of a storyline or as much gameplay. It didn't take me long at all to beat the main story line and I didn't feel compelled to finish other aspects.
,Recommended,301910,17873789,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LeelooMinai,"As a fan of Saints Row franchise, this game was good for me. The controls of the superpowers are better in this one and it was very great being able to play with Kinzie and not only Johnny. It could have been just a DLC for the 4th game indeed, because the story mode is very short. If you're a fan of Saints Row, I recommend it. Otherwise, play the other games first."
,Not Recommended,301910,14140578,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sorry!,"It's Saints Row without the boss, story missions, the radio, or any character customization. The only good part is the one musical cutscene."
,Recommended,301910,24307369,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"I am a big fan of the Saints Row franchise and have been a fan since Saints Row: The Third. Saints Row: The Third and Saints Row IV. The two aforementioned games had great humor and lots of action. Gat Out of Hell is an expansion of the franchise that is much shorter in content, but has some entertainment value.Those who played Saints Row IV should feel quite familiar with Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell. The open world design and gameplay mechanics are very similar in Saints Row IV and Gat Out of Hell. All the super jumps and gliding in Saints Row IV turns into flying with wings. You can buy wing flaps as a way of upgrading your flying abilities. Given enough practice, you can gain exciting speeds and it feels quite different than gliding in Saints Row IV. Flying also makes collecting soul clusters exhilarating. The soul clusters are similar to those clusters in Saints Row IV and are necessary for upgrading your arcane powers which are similar to Saints Row IV’s super powers.The story takes place in the portal of New Hades, a city that is hell, of course. There are activities in the game, but many are like those activities found in Saints Row IV. Some weapons are like those in Saints Row IV, but there are some nice, new additions, including the seven weapons that represent the seven deadly sins. One of the deadly sins weapons is an armchair containing a Gatling gun and missiles. The weapons upgrade system should be familiar to those who have experienced previous games of the Saints Row franchise.The story is quite short and it is about Johnny Gat going after Satan and there is Jezebel, Satan’s daughter.  The Boss, the President of the United States, is kidnapped by Satan and forced to marry Jezebel. There are very few main quests, so it is possible to go through the main story of the game in five hours. The other returning character is Kinzie Kensington, an alternative playable character. If you want to play Kinzie, you can simply go to the Ultor hotel and switch characters. The plan set up by Johnny and Kinzie is to rescue the Boss from Satan. The story presents itself in cutscenes in the form of a book and I think it is done nicely. There are some guys assigning quests to you such as Blackbeard, Dane, and Shakespeare. Once you finish those quests you can simply reach the end of the story to battle Satan.If you want to enjoy more time in the game you can play all the activities and diversions. You can also complete challenges which would require you to start trouble on the streets of hell by attacking either demons or husks (citizens of hell). Activities such as Torment Fraud are derived from the Insurance Fraud activities. Mayhem makes its return requiring you to cause as much destruction as possible. Survival also makes a return as a diversion. The newest activities are Hellblazer and Salvation. Hellblazer tests your ability to fly through checkpoints and having upgraded flaps for your wings leads to fun flying. Salvation requires to save as many dying souls as possible before they reach the bottom (hell) or the top (heaven). A type of diversion called Pledge Rush requires you to use a paddle to strike demons into the various circles, similar to Genki’s Mind Over Murder activities. I thought that the Hellblazer and Salvation activities are the most entertaining of all activities and diversions.Simply starting trouble on the streets of New Hades to complete 100 challenges can be fun at the beginning, but it can get a little repetitive over time. You can find armored vehicles to conquer after blasting it enough times to bring the demons out of these vehicles. You can then drive them to a drop off point for a big payday in cash known as Wages, the currency of the game.Gat Out of Hell is a game that is short on story and substance, but it is fun if you play activities and diversions, complete challenges, and participate in other forms of entertainment. It is probably short because it is an expansion, not a sequel. For a price of $14.99 it is not a bad buy. Just don’t expect to see the greatness of the gameplay and sense of humor Saints Row fans experienced in Saints Row: The Third or Saints Row IV.My Score: 7/10"
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,301910,26479081,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"-Control points with one person-Saint's Row: GOoH going full r-etard-Cars/bikes/trucks still drive like crap (fix it already devs)-Time to upgrade the game engine. Getting pretty old.-Graphics options-Feels like an SR4 mod-Buggy AI with vehicles-Clusters-No scrolling weapon option (go to a dumbass weapon menu pausing gameplay)-Super run speed-R.I.P Saint's Row 1, 2 and 3 (last of the good games in the series)-Turning Saint's Row into a marvel comic-Weapon buying takes the form of a soda machine-Singing-Losing sound at the wedding-Gat in the cutscenes - what about Kinzie-Lack of car music+Ending+5 dollars or lower Yes+Nathan Fillion+Monster trucks (Hell style)+/-Story seems okay+Audio Tomes+DeWynter sisters+Satan+Altars+Wings+Weapons & upgrades+SP and Co-op+Lava+Menu background+/-Play as Kinzie or Gat (would of been nice to have more options other than humans though)"
,Recommended,301910,23718215,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BłάćķŁoţuş,The follower of Saintsrow IVDefinetly nice if you are a big fan of the Saintsrow games.Sadly just a short one. Just for the fans recommended !
,Recommended,301910,20979243,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Silent,Saints Row: Grind out of Hell.
76561197995200857,Not Recommended,301910,30742634,Posted: 25 March,all,mrguy0807,"So for diehard fans of Saints Row, this might be fun. But for me at least, the new flight mechanics were frustrating, all the missions and side activities felt super-repetitive, and even though the story seemed funny and interesting, I just couldn't be bothered with slogging through all the side activities when all I really wanted to do was level up enough to get to the main story missions.So, story is after the events of Saints Row 4 (and you should definitely play that before even looking at this) the boss from the Saints Row series gets pulled into Hell (yes that, Hell.) Johnny Gat decides to go after him/her and with the help of Kinzie they manage to fight through the hordes of Hell in order to save the bosses life, even confronting the Devil himself.Honestly though, after putting in a few hours at this I just watched the rest of the cutscenes on Youtube.This is a significant game though, because the ending of this will apparently tie into the next game set in the Saints Row Universe, which is Agents of Mayhem. And I'm definitely loooking forward to that game."
76561198081765000,Not Recommended,301910,29512888,Posted: 26 January,all,tylerprime,"Its an okay game but I don't thinks its worth $15 I beat the whole game with the exception of a few collectables in like 2 and a half hours or something like that.  Also they removed things like customizing cars, customizing your chracters look from clothing stores and others things."
,Not Recommended,301910,25543052,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"Sadly this one just stretches out the by-now well-travelled mechanics/storyline beats of the previous two games.  Stuffing the game with collectibles can't disguise the shortness of the main plot and the formula has become so familiar by this point that even the charm of the characters doesn't do much to alleviate it.  An anti-climactic ending (you straight-up get told by the narrator,""There are 4 endings, choose one"") and a sense that a lot got left on the cutting room floor adds to the sense that this was made more out of a sense of duty/for the cash than as a labor of love.All that said, the charm of the characters remain from previous games, there are some nice callbacks, the powers are as fun to use as they were in SR4, and I did enjoy playing it for the short time it lasted - I just felt like there could have been a lot more, and that I would have preferred something a little more original.  If you are just looking for roughly 5-10 hours of more of the same from SR3 and 4 that is exactly what you're going to get."
76561198149687839,Recommended,301910,14086513,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MR.J,i love this game <3
,Recommended,301910,14375708,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nutter butter2.0,"I recommend this game to people who enjoyed Saints Row 3 or 4. its not as good as either of those but I personally had fun with it.The game is relatively short, with only about 10 main story missions.If you did NOT enjoy Saints Row 3 or 4 do not buy this. if you havent played Saints Row before and were considering starting with this game, dont. Start with 3 and if you enjoy then get 4 and then Gat Out of Hell.The only things I didnt like about this game was the lack of customization and how short it was. you can not customize cars or your characters because you play as Johnny Gat and Kinze for the whole game. the last thing that bothered me about this game was you cant play as the president, so the game didnt neccesarily feel as personal. but thats just my opinion."
,Recommended,301910,21228908,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Shnoofeen,Saints Row: Grind out of hellThe game where you play for 5 hours to complete story on 100% then spend the next 30 hours grinding achivements!8/10Would grind again.
,Recommended,301910,14126293,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,вιgвangreχ,"Gat out of Hell is fantastic and is easily the most fun I had in a while.The story is well written and also has parts like in a musical! It's very funny and catchy, also the return of some old characters will make some of the older SR fans happy c:Hell is actually a very great place, it's a mix of Steelport and Stillwater, I enjoy just flying around and seeing the strange roads that go straight up, curve and more. Honestly Hell is my favorite city in SR right now, Stillwater was great and Steelport was crap and mixing them gave us a great city.Also a quick note of the Devil's workshop (I pre-ordered this!) The DLC is pretty good, the weapon is kinda weak, until you upgrade it and then it's overpowered, and the wings are awesome! It really fits Gat and I'm using this all the time, overall it's not as good as the other Pre Order DLC we had in the past but still good.Overall, it's SR4 except with a new story, weapons, A NEW CITY!, enemys and more, buy it!"
76561198161177306,Recommended,301910,22500487,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Faze//Kidney,"great game, but I think they could of added more, but 3 is obviously the best"
76561197986006712,Recommended,301910,14131975,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Guybrush,"Having just completed the game with a friend, I can say this is another enjoyable Saints Row game, and considering it’s just an expansion it’s the length I expected.This isn’t the same as a full Saints Row game for starts, this is something extra, and for the price it’s well worth it. Yes it has a few bugs, stripped down features and such but all in all I would say this is a good game, and I completely enjoyed playing."
76561198046857388,Recommended,301910,14089118,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sharknaner,"After messing around with it for a while, I was finally able to get the game to stop crashing. I've only played a bit of it so far, and it's hilarious. Can't wait to play more."
76561198053052020,Recommended,301910,14129080,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Wyo,You can punch the devil in the face10/10
,Recommended,301910,22592346,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,xGriiMErZ,"If you liked the saints row games before this, its a much get, its a great mix of funny and stupid thats makes a game worth playing. With new ideas of ""powers"" and the added ability to fly, it makes cars pointless, but even better to go ""road rage"", I do on one hand feel thins could of been a DLC for Saints Row 4 as its very short, it offers alot of gameplay to be had, not much of a replayable game, inless for co-op, I would pled you to get this game at a discount, as paying ""full game price"" for this is not worth it :)"
,Recommended,301910,24384094,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,schnappm,"Not bad, fun flying mechanics, fairly short length.  Worth a cheap buy if you'd like a little more of the same."
76561198257788149,Not Recommended,301910,21175095,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SiTu.,boring
,Not Recommended,301910,19855236,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheRedRogue (Connor),"Honestly? Its mad, its fun, and its full of super powers and even flying as Gat, but I would not recommend this game as it feels like it should be DLC for the fourth game, not a standalone title for which is it far too short to even be considered a standalone, I literally beat the main story in around 3 hours for god sake, not good enough."
,Recommended,301910,26379626,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Doug Funnie & Porkchop,This is game is great for casual players cause u can jump in and out of the game at your own pace!!!!!!!
76561198065342846,Recommended,301910,15498819,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Grossly Incandescent,"Great game, it's funny, creative and very different from the other games. Sure there's no customization, but you get to play as Johnny Gat and Kinzie! The references to the first games are amazing and made me smile and the fact that you shoot Satan in the face is even better. This is a wonderful game and it's fun to play (Until you've 100% completed the game)."
,Recommended,301910,14127744,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,|CP|*FireFly*,short and buggy 5/10
,Recommended,301910,33417404,Posted: 9 July,all,Nicarus,"This game is fun but is not as good as the other Saints Row games. Took me 7 hours to beat the game and do all the loyalty quests. There is also no gun, character, or vehicle customization. I also don't like the activities inside the game. Flight and some of the other abilites are pretty cool though. Hell and the characters within it also feel very dull. It's cool to be able to switch between Kinzie and Gat but it doesn't replace being able to customize your very own character.I recommend this game if you're able to get it on sale like I did, but don't buy it for the full price."
,Recommended,301910,32270994,Posted: 8 June,all,Its_Batman,Typical saints row. What else can i say about this? Actually i loved the gameplay here more than the old ones. Specially the flying and super speed. The story wasna't some masterpiece neither was the graphics. But saints row never was about these things. I enjoyed the game jsut like every other saints row. That's all SR is about.
,Recommended,301910,14155659,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Magic Shrooms,Love Saints Row and Love this one it is short but its very fun and I want them to make the 5th game out of ending 3 or 4 :)
,Recommended,301910,23902334,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gandalf,"Short but fun.Very interesting game. It's most likely DLC, not a full-size game. Worth 1.3$ i paid for it. Totally recommend."
76561198067138997,Not Recommended,301910,19997934,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,moongomez,"Short, and repetitive. Fun at first, then boring as hell at the end. I'm pretty disappointed. The multiple endings are just a point and click, no actual choiche needed. It could have been much, MUCH better. Just need a new story. Hell, it needs A STORYLINE. This version has none at all..."
,Not Recommended,301910,21425984,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,;;,"I will start this quick review of with a definite, ""Do not buy unless on sale.""I love Saints Row. The Third, is my favourite.There is no main quest for this game, a main story sure, but no main quest. It's extremely short as well.All you do is activities, I get that this isn't an actual game, but more of a spin-off. I get that, but this is ridiculous even by spin-off standards.You get to play as Gat or as Kinzie, which is... okay, but you can't change them, or what they're wearing. The NPC's all look exactly like each other. This game feels like a cash grab.I tried to spend as much time on this game as possible, I spread out my gameplay throughout days, and I still only got 6 hours through. Yes I haven't done all those....activities... *shudders* just too many of them, incredibly dull and boring. Spent most of the time flying around lol.Now for the good points.It's playable, there's lots of fighting and good gameplay.You can use your wings to fly all over the small map.Lots of activities (which is literally the whole game, but I've already mentioned that...)New weapons and upgrades.The dialogue is okay, what you would expect from a Saints Row game.Overall this game is disappointing, it's not to Saints Row standard, in my honest opinion, I would only recommend this game if it was cheaper. The game has dropped its price since I bought it, I paid £15.99, and now it's £10.99, but I wouldn't even pay that now.I rate it 5/10, it's good if you got nothing to do, and try to not complete all at once because you will feel disappointed and angry at how terrible the story is."
,Recommended,301910,14208275,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,JoshLmao,"I definetly recommend it at this price if you're a fan of the Saints Row series. If you aren't, then I recommend playing SR3 and/or 4 instead of buying this. At £15/$20, it's definetly worth it if you're willing to keep completing activities and finishing the story. The story itself is pretty short and can probably be completed in about 4-6 hours. However, if you're one to go for 100% then that also doesn't take much longThe cons of the game are probably related to the price. As it's so low, there are alot of reused animations from Saints Row 4 and no radio stations (which I was shocked at first but then the price would be higher if there were). There's a handful of new content too like the 7 Deadly Sin Weapons and the new map & enemies which are fun. Also, if you have a friend, it's very good to play co-op with tooIn summary, aYesif you've played SR3/4but Noif you havent"
,Recommended,301910,30465599,Posted: 12 March,all,Munkee,"This game is really good. I only ran into 1 issue where I flew into a building and it got me stuck inside and I had to kill myself to  get out.The gameplay is as smooth as any other saints row game, and the weapons can be really neat, the story is really funny and well done.In this game, you play as Johnny Gat and Kenzie. So that means, no customizing your characters, and no changing outfits. The only shops are for guns. The mini games are fun and felt new, even on old classics like insurance fraud.Now, the issues though is this is not a game. This is a dlc. Or atleast feels like it. It is only few hours long storywise, not much content even at end game.DO NOT buy this at full price. $14.99? More than SR2 and same as SR3 and 4. For a game with tons of hours less content. Wait for atleast a 75% sale before buying.Game is great, but not at all what they are demanding. This should of been a dlc for SR4."
76561198027012404,Not Recommended,301910,22651887,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Starglider,"If on sale for under £5 yes, otherwise big no. It's a copy and paste of Saints Row 4 just not much work put into it. Full of bugs, I've had my keys stop working, I've been stuck in the walls, and about 30 seconds after the 1st cut scene I fell into a hole which I couldn't get out and had to restart. This should have been a £5 DLC not a whole new game. But still fun for the 1st hour then.... Well..."
76561198012833532,Recommended,301910,24989162,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"More of Saints Row 4, now in hellish city and artstyle. City is filled with demons and lost souls, not aliens and humans, but gameplay is more of the same as in 4. So if you liked 4 and want more, you will enjoy Gat out of Hell as much as I did, but if you didnt like Saints Row 4 at all, you will hate Gat out of Hell."
,Not Recommended,301910,35192940,Posted: 24 September,all,BlueDiamond,The story in this game was very entertaining but the missions were just mind numbing. There are no cleverly made story missions in this game like in sr4. If you liked doing all the activites in saints row then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,301910,19528409,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ÄciiDz™,Not very good at all. Not worth the £3 i payed for it during a sale let alone full price.
,Recommended,301910,26068593,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shrapnel Effect,shakespeare is in hell with me and my good friend blackbeard! whats not to love the flying around is awsome makes you feel like a pretty little angel! game is badass!
76561198122629765,Recommended,301910,14103452,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,chronomourne,"Be warned: minor SPOILERS ahead!With that out of the way, let's cut to the chase. Gat Out of Hell plays very similarly to SR4, so if you weren't a fan of beating everything to a pulp in some of the most comical/creative ways possible, this game isn't for you. Sorry. Also, because of that fact, there will be more than a few comparisons between the two games.CONS:Starting with drawbacks, the game is, as probably expected, very short. Runs from beginning to end can take as little as 5-7 hours, tops (unless you're an achievement hunter). The same amount of time would translate to roughly 40% in its predecessor, just to put things into perspective.The final boss fight against Big Red was, in a way, less intense than the Zinyak fight due to the fact he can be stunlocked. Yes, the Devil himself can be kept from doing ANYTHING. The Archdukes of Hell put up more of a fight than this guy, and to be perfectly honest, that's a little sad.Lack of customizable weapons. In hindsight, this is more of a nitpick than a legitimate critique given the location, but a little creativity beyond the ""fire and brimstone"" themed weapons would have been nice.PROS:While the game is short, it is VERY fast-paced. Depending on whether or not you like a little breathing room between missions, the side activities have you tearing up Hell in a way no one could do in the Simulation. I often found myself content with dodging missiles in mid-flight (improvement from the UFO laser blasts while gliding).Powers make an encore with a vengeance. Instead of doing homie missions to unlock the next element, you're encouraged to go out with what you have to activate the next one, get a crash course in using your new ability against waves of enemies that CAN kill you (no safe zones in Hell, genius), rinse and repeat. Oh so satisfying.The Seven Deadly Sins - weaponized. Haven't found them all yet myself, but this was a large part of what sold for me during the trailer. Name at LEAST two other games that let you kick back in a virtual recliner and blow the s*** out of stuff.Clever writing is not lost here! Thank God! Seriously, find as many of Satan's ""Orientation Books for the D***ed"" as you can. Just do it. Oh, and something about a musical...?Finally, next to being able to play as Kinzie and Gat at anytime, is flight. Admittedly, it takes some getting used to, and feels a little clunky early on, but with practice and the Manuevering upgrade, you'll not want to go back to gliding anytime soon. Not to mention it makes collecting the Soul Clusters that much more fun.FINAL VERDICT: 8.3/10 Would fly again. (Please turn to page 528)./EDIT/: Plus, shawarma after. /EDIT/"
,Not Recommended,301910,34671371,Posted: 1 September,all,sællniðr,"I have probably never been more disappointed in a game in my life. It took me about 3 hours to complete, and the other 3 hours on my account were trying to get the damn game to work because there is a problem with Saints' Row 4 save files that prevents this game from even loading the opening cutscene, and of course Volition hasn't bothered to patch it.The 3 hour campaign is 90% tedious side missions that you are forced to do to advance the story. This game has completely left out what made previous entries enjoyable. Even the characters are like worse caricatures of their characters from 4.I've been buying Saints Row games since the very first one. And based on the completely uninspired Agents of Mayhem, it seems like this series is only going to get worse from here.Pros:-Flying is improved over SR4Cons:-Less gun customization-No outfit customization-No vehicle customization-Lazy writing-BORING SIDE ACTIVITIES-Actual unique missions are pretty much nonexistent. There is one (the final boss), 5 if you count the extremely short missions where you initially rescue your helpers. Basically no content whatsoever.-Side activities are all extremely bland, which is especially heinous since most of them have to be completed to advance the ♥♥♥♥ing story.-Weapons are completely unsatisfying. Most of the enemies just poof out of existence when killed. Really?-Powers are worse. TK is replaced with summoning imps, who don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥except stand around half the time. Aura doesn't affect your bullets, only enemies close to you, making it completely useless.Final Verdict:They actually managed to make killing the devil boring. Looks like Gat out of Hell will be my last purchase from Volition. What a sour note to go out on. You should all be ashamed.1.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,30440180,Posted: 10 March,all,R3dwan,EnjoyableIot of funMy wings on fire :P
,Recommended,301910,24233145,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AmarthAssassin,The Saints have done it againGameplay 7/10Replayable 6/10Achievement 8/10This game have a stort story and the side mission are nice a quick to do to. Afther the previous game from starting in a gang to the leader of the Saints to the multi million empire of Steelport to the president of the United States of American. where game the Saint go now but to the one place you can go is to HELL.the story is not to long and getting all achievement can be done with some skills that you have learnt if you have play the past Saints.Taking the power of flying this a new way and key your skill in doing so soming your rarely explored before cause you had easier ways of getting around. you are now pushed to better your self to be a true Saint
,Not Recommended,301910,16953698,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,strangemodule,"I liked Saints Row 3 and Saints Row 4 quite a bit, especially after playing through the game cooperatively with my boyfriend. After those game, I was on board with more hot SR gameplay! However, Gat out of Hell disappointed me greatly.Basically, Gat out of Hell consists entirely of those side activities you did for people in SR3/4. While SR4 had side quests done for people to get bonuses but also had unique main quests, this game has you doing ONLY side quests. The only real ""unique"" quests are when you rescue people who defy Satan, but these are short lived.You do these in order to♥♥♥♥♥♥off Satan and get his attention, so you can draw him out to kick his♥♥♥♥♥ The progress for this is shown on a meter on the TAB screen, and it fills as you do these quests as well as cause chaos around the town. Once you hit certain milestones, cutscenes play and things change slightly for the overworld. When the meter fills, you unlock the final mission, which is a boss fight against Satan. Beat it, you win the game.What I just said is hardly a summary. Side activities are ALL you do for the large chunk of this short game. If you've played SR3/4, you will recognize them because they're basically the same save for some slight modifications (Blazin', where you race through arrow checkpoints, now involves flying instead of sprinting).  The only three new side activities involve powering up an altar with one of your superpowers followed by a short hoard-mode sequence, one where you unlock teleport points by activiting statues then defeating a big brute enemy, and one Domination-style one where you must activate three zones to take over a building while preventing enemy minions from taking said zones back from you. These new activities still feel like retreads however, and lack much variety.Switching gears to talk about some minor issues, there generally feels like a lack of care put into the game. The voice acting lacks any sort of enthusiasm or emotion, and the writing comes off as terse, even forced at times. When doing online coop, sometimes the activities would not activate for my coop buddy and required me to finish them (thankfully he still got the quest completed after I did it).What made me very sad is that this game just isn't funny, either in its written gags or visual jokes. I can only think of one moment that I found pretty amusing, but the rest of the game only has a few visual jokes (such as billboard ads or business name branding) and, as I mentioned before, poor writing and VA execution results in a lack of charm I've come to expect from the Saints Row games.The streets of Hell do not excite in the least. The starting industrial area feels drab and lacking in life, and only really matters since that is where you start when you reload your save. The most interesting area has to be the market/amusement park/red light district New Hades, but even then it feels empty with little to do or see.Lastly, and perhaps the thing that made me the saddest, must be the complete lack of customization! Gone are the various clothing stores, the taunts/complements, or even interesting vehicles to drive (save for a monster truck police vehicle). The only store provided consists of a vending machine that lets you buy ammo, upgrade weapons, and pay to get the Hell-cops off your back. It feels so impersonal and, adding with what I said about the writing, sucks a lot of charm that this series has.I really am disappointed. I feel like this game was made on a budget, which its default price reflects. However, I'd argue that the good kind of budget games are those that put a lot of polish, charm, and love into a small experience rather than a large, average but bland one. Unfortunately this game is the latter. If you've played SR3 and/or SR4, just avoid this game. If you haven't, go play both those games because they're fun, especially with a buddy to tag along!"
,Recommended,301910,14129410,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sting,If you liked saints row IV you will like this for sure..References...jokes..I laughed more than i should.And u get to play with Jhonny ♥♥♥♥ING GatAnd of course KinzieTo only sad part is kinda too easy to beat (hardcore)
,Not Recommended,301910,31267638,Posted: 20 April,all,ウィアブー,"Honestly, its awful.The main story is just the little side missions from SR3 and 4, the ones where you have to kill waves of enemies, cause mayhem, etc.Your characters is also way more OP now, even more than in SR4. Most enemies you can kill in one hit with a weapon you can get at the start of the game, so thats a thing."
,Not Recommended,301910,34360677,Posted: 19 August,all,MagikarpedRide,"This game disapointed me.For the first hour the game was very fun. A new map, some cool new ways to travel, absurd plot, another after Saints Row 4 ""superheroish"" game. I played mostly using Gat, since I couldn't imagine Kinzie being that psychopatic.The story in Gat Out of Hell is short and it is pushed forward by doing the sidequests. I was really dissapointed with that, since I wanted to have some more connection with the characters. There are only 6 missions which are not sidequests! So there are only 6 missions, which are somehow important to the plot.For most of the game I fell Gat and Kinzie are random characters. Fly there, kill that, grab some collectibles. I really wanted to havesome more dialog between them and with the new characters they've found on the way, but the conversations are down to ""Do more sidequests"". I know it is Saints Row, but in the previous games the characters were more powerfull, had more connection to other characters and the plot was more complex.I don't recall any music in this game, I can't remember if it had any. The graphics look the same, as in Saints Row 4 (I was hoping for some more eyecandy).I still had some fun with this game. The flying is cool, some upgrades are quite fun, but I ended the game with a lot of souls and money to spend, but after some minor upgrades I haven't found anything useful (but I was almost indestructible anyway with those minor upgrades). Cutscenes are quite funny, I wish there were more with the new characters.The world in this game is small comparing to the previous games with a lof of hidden collectibles. Finding those is fun, since you are flying between bulding, in some narrow spaces to get them. I found it quite entertaining until I figured out, that I've unlocked everything I wanted to unlock. After that looking for the souls, voice recordings, repetetive sidequests lost their sense.The car psychics is bad. While driving them the cars almost floats and you feel, like the car is just a cardboard box. The cars are also quite ugly and a very limited number of models is riding through the streets. I feel, that hell should have a lot of fast, bloody cars, not old junks.In the end, you can finish Gat out of Hell in around 4-5 hours, after that the upgrades are not important, the collectibles are not worth searching and I do not see any replay value for now (unless the multiplayer campaign, which was very fun in SR4). This game is like a DLC for SR4, but with smaller playfield, almost no story and no strong characters. But I was expecting a full game, not a DLC."
,Not Recommended,301910,26200947,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Maxis,They haven't put any effort since the third game. I'm so tired of this drug-ish style ((
,Not Recommended,301910,14144350,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Withy,Ok first of all - there is nothing really wrong with this game except that it is just boring. Don't take me wrong - if you haven't played any of the previous games than you might enjoy this one but for 20€ it is really not worth of your money. Much like 7-9€ at max and I woul rather see it is DLC in SR IV because it is basically SR IV with differnt texutres (and few more stuff but nothing that could become full game).So from my point of view - go for SR IV if you want to play these kind of games.
,Recommended,301910,17575383,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Crispyhardt,"this is the shortest saints row game but it is fun and a must have for any saints row fan or open world game fan :)the story took me 6 hours to complete and i did some of the side missions.heres some of the things that makes gat out of hell different from any other SR game:1. theres a musical number which was very funny2. it takes place in hell3. theres guns based on the 7 deadly sins (for sloth its a arm chair with miniguns and rockets on it and for glutony its a donut gun!!!)4. you can play as johnny gat or kinzie5. vlad the impalor is tortured by the wheels on the busi personally found this game to be enjoyable, fun, and worth the $20 (i pre-ordered this by the way)now keep in mind i'm a saints row fan so it may be the ""fan boy"" side of me saying this but i'm giving saints row gat out of hell a 10/10"
,Not Recommended,301910,14144323,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Darren,not like saints row at all just a dlc but more expensive
,Recommended,301910,14087117,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Maszo Pok,Fun as Hell
,Recommended,301910,16835683,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,actionhero555,"For those that have played Saint's Row 4, the good news is that it is more Saint's Row 4 as a different theme. I haven't had any problem with the PC version and it's everything you can expect if you happen to like Saints Row 4. For newcombers to the series, it's a $20 standalone title that is a mini-version of Saint's Row 4. If you haven't played Saints Row before, it's an open world crime sandbox game similar to Grand Theift Auto. However, most have said it has veered away from the crime element and it has really jumped the boat when it comes to the story and the humor. If your looking for a serious crime GTA style game, then I wouldn't recommend it. But, for those that like superpowers, fun weapons and romping around doing activities, it's a solid title.A few of the problems I have with this is the activities seem way too easy to complete. Often times, you exceed the goals with time to spare. There are some missing features, such as character customization and radio stations and the short length, but that is attributed by being a cheaper standalone version of Saints Row. The last problem is if $20 is worth it for a cut down version of Saints Row, however...I did pick this up on sale for $10.I would recommend it if you like open-world games with a good sense of humor. The theme of hell helps out and if you don't want to commit to Saints Row 4, then this is a cheaper alternative as a look to where the series is going."
,Recommended,301910,18333829,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Marco Diaz,"A rather short game (since it's a standalone DLC) that lacks the customization that the Saints Row series is famous for, but a fun time for fans of the series.7.5/10"
76561198129519351,Recommended,301910,14123170,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ben,More like Saints Row: The Musical
,Recommended,301910,16687851,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Gringo,"If you're reading this, you've probably already read at least one review that mentioned how short this game is. Thing is, those reviews don't really explain how short it is. Let me.THISGAMEISREALLYSHORTBUTITSALSOREALLYFUNI just messed around for three hours, without completing ANY main activities, and when I saved I saw that I was at 48% completion.Oh, and flying is done really well. I hope that the next Saints Row game has flying in it, because I love it.I can't put my thoughts together for a real review so this is what you get. I guess I should at least say something funny. Ok, let's try this. I'll tell a knock knock joke. Ready? You start."
76561197995086074,Recommended,301910,15692328,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,flond,"Not as good as SR IV...but still good.That about sums up how I feel about this game.  It's got most of the core gameplay that makes Saint's Row Saints Row.  The writing is still funny, the references are still referencey, and the side activities are still about as fun as they were in IV (or even more fun in some cases.  The addition of a narrator through most of the work really helps the (admittedly somewhat sparse) plotline.  In short.  If you have Saint's Row IV and want more, this isn't a bad buy...but at the same time, I'm getting a little tired of not stillwater.  The fact that there are no radio stations is something of a drag and...while I'm willing to buy and enjoy ""Saints Row IV:the victory lap once.  I hope the next game is something with more meat."
,Recommended,301910,15529740,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Aka Kagemusha,"I Love this Game, This game allow you to fly with wings and who doesn't wanna mess up hell. The Game Is short for now, But Give it some time with DLC and be Passion then we can go back to earth and start over making the Old gang again. i Remember playing The very first one I love it, play some of the second one and going to buy it for steam for that old school feeling, I have Part 3 and 4 inclue some dlc with them, But I love all of staint rows game with a Passion for them. i never got a  other gta in my life after saint row was release.. Have fun playing this kind. New Map to master,  Powers to Unlock, COOL LOOKING GUNS. once you unlock all over them....Now here the down fall for now.... No buying Shops anymore, or weapon shore. Is all now about killing and fighting what i like, but i wanna be earning money like  we did in the  old games..."
,Recommended,301910,14122096,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,KaZumaTree,"BOTTOM LINE: If you've always wanted more Saints Row, this will fit your bill for a low price, complete with the Saints Row gameplay, witty writing, jumping-the-moon sense of humor, and colorful cast.+More Saints Row!+Takes the superpower basis of SR4 and expands upon it.+More of the same open-world activity theme-park gameplay.+Well-written and witty story, if a bit predictable until the very end, leading to multiple endings that could, in theory, revitalize the Saints Row IP if taken up to a whole new game.+Low price.-If you rush things, you can easily do this in under 2-3 hours.-more of the same somewhat-formulaic open world theme-park gameplay from SR3/SR4.-Somewhat ""safe"" depiction of Hell, though fitting in the Saints Row universe"
,Recommended,301910,21871582,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Konizumi,its ok
,Recommended,301910,15515816,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,kms14,"I have always loved watching friends play these Saints Row games but I never could get myself to buy it. I always thought that these types of games would only be fun if you had friends joining you.HOWEVER, I am absolutely inlove with this game! It's so much fun to play single player. ^~^So glad I spent the money and bought this game :]"
,Recommended,301910,14173340,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Player 2,"It's okay I guess. There aren't much story missons and you can't customize your characters. It's also rather short, still I fully reccomend it because of the flying.The flying is the most fun part of this game. The city looks cool and all the clutter makes for a fun playground to navigate while flying. There is a trick you can learn to avoid being shot down while flying but I never needed it because the flying movement and control was so great I could out manuver anything in the air.The wings look cool too."
,Recommended,301910,14099604,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Danno,"It's fun, but definitely not as good as the other saints row games. Its a lot shorter, with and short story, and almost no customization. My biggest complait though is the fact that there are no cheats, which was my favorite part of the saints row games.Pros:+Playing in hell is pretty cool+Playing as gat is awesome+Some really cool weapons this time around+The wings are a fun addition, and remind me of gliding in the Arkham gamesCons:-Smaller world, and not as much havok to wreak-Even though Gat is cool, I miss playing as the boss-Virtually no customization-Everything is kind of bland-No cheatsI'd give this about a 7.5/10 for a game, but since it is technically an expansion, and it's good for an expansion, I'll give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,301910,17090687,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,INKintheHART,"Gat out of hell is Saints Row IV with a new flying mechanic and a new theme/reskin to make Steelport look like hell (This is not a bad thing). The look of the new environment reminds me a lot of Darksiders one, it even has the same voice actor (Liam O'Brien) as many of the new characters.Sadly this game is very short with the main storyline around 4 hours at the most. What really got me disappointed is that it didn't have the amazing radio stations that the previous Saints Row games had."
,Recommended,301910,14153907,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Flowey,"Really great game,made me laugh quite hard cuple of times,it makes great squeal to SR IV"
,Recommended,301910,14126097,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Cyn,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell.It's a DLC game of a game that was intended as DLC in the first place. But it's a fun third person shooter none the less.Major downsight is the lack of REAL MISSIONS, remember that one activity you used to like? well have 90 more instances of it.In all it's an alright game, not meeting normal saints row standards for creative weapons I.E the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bat (Penitrator)but, overall I personaly have enjoyed having wings and not having to use glide everywhere to even get arround."
,Recommended,301910,17350101,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Zebesian95,"After watching this game, I may have an idea of how hell could be if there's a presence of 3rd Street Saints. THis game is really awesome. Since its an extension of Saints Row IV the two games are very very similar, apart few things, example the wings which allows you to fly like a butterfly. Weaponry is the best: 7 deadly sins weapons waits you and your infinite laughs behind them. Cutscenes are really really exhilarant. Sadly the bad news is that its really really short. In less than 20 hours story is already finished (maybe 10 too). (Before buying this u must play Saints Row IV: I highly reccomend it)."
,Recommended,301910,21879872,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Tricellatops,"Mindless shooting, aimlessly flying, effective stomping and you'll ALWAYS aim to shoot them in the nuts.I love juvenile humour."
,Recommended,301910,14290815,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Yung Grits,"If you liked Saints Row IV and all of the cool powers and twists, you'll love this game. It lacks the customization and some of the cool options that you got in other Saints Row games, but you won't miss it. The mobility with flight is great, and it's just a nice little addition to the series that sets up so many different possibilities for more spin-offs."
76561198079709622,Recommended,301910,14174609,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,England Is My City,"i higly reccomend this game,although the story is short it has a lot of secrets and goals mainly to ""unleash hell"""
,Recommended,301910,14212596,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rusty,"Gat out of Hell is a game that's difficult to list as recommend or not.Although it is Stand-Alone, it's really an expansion pack for Saints Row IV. It's the same idea as expansion packs for other open-world games that take place after the main story and are shorter, take place in just part of the main map (or a new smaller map) and after the main story but still offer fun game play and a decent, albeit short story. The difference here is that it's Stand-Alone as opposed to launching it from within Saints Row IV.While short, this is still a fun game. Even in the small(er) world (at least compared to SR IV) in which the expansion takes place, there is still plenty to see, do and collect.However, because of the structure of the missions (i.e., there are only a few main ones and you do side activities to build up Satan's anger enough to fight him), you will likely find yourself able to fight the last battle with much of the world still left for you to discover and play. You may well find yourself feeling a sense a disappointment as it only takes about four hours of play to reach this point.There however still will be plenty left for you to do and collect. Couple this with the last battle being one you can repeatedly fight and the expansion can last well beyond those initial four hours.The activities themselves are sadly mostly just Saints Row 4 activities in slightly different clothing. The exception being the two based on the new flying ability. That's not to say they're not fun. It's more that they feel like more of the same.Speaking of which, flying is a lot of fun, especially once you've purchased upgrades. You may well find yourself wondering how you were ever happy without it.The collectibles are more or less the same as in Saints Row IV but again, in slightly different clothing. I don't want to spoil too much. However, I will say that listening to them did give me the feeling that the team put a lot of thought and effort into this game. It does feel as though there could have been much more of a story here. I.e., that though they could (or perhaps even should) have expanded this from an expansion into a full game with a full set of missions.Gat out of Hell ends up being a game that is fun and it is good to have another adventure with the Saints, albeit only a couple of them and a short one. It feels like a game that could have been a lot more and does suffer more then a little from feeling like a re-skin of Saints Row 4. However, when it does have new things, it does a great or at least decent job with them. The team did a lot with what they had to work with.While Gat out Hell may seem to be missing something (maybe even a lot), I think it's important that we remember that (iirc) they did advertise this as a stand alone expansion rather then a whole new game. Could it have been more? Yes. On the other hand, it wasn't as though they were claiming it was going to be."
76561198141306868,Recommended,301910,14133565,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gnomling,Its comparable to Saints Row 4 just better and worse in some ways you should get it its worth the money.
,Recommended,301910,14131980,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,_-_Yoko_-_,What can i say about Saints row Gat out of hell. For the price it is not bad for what you get as its a standalone Expansion . think of how far cry had blood dragon and you know what i am talking about.The game is alot of fun in coop and is said to be the last of the saints we know of as with the next full game its all new saints and next people to meet .People who are crying about it being way to short ... look at its price .. and if you looked around before release Gamestop was selling it for $5...
76561197978672903,Recommended,301910,30087639,Posted: 21 February,all,Radar09,"Paid for by selling Steam Cards. Bought the game on sale and have enjoyed the Hell out of it (see what I did there?). Had I paid full price I might not be so appreciative of this game. Since I didn't, it has been a wonderful distraction from Grad School. Makes me want to reinstall the previous games. Nothing new. Watered down from the earlier Saints Row games, but if you find it on sale, totally worth the price of admission. Have played almost 2 hours at this point and am 47% completed with the game. Cheeky and fun, 7/10."
76561198058406707,Recommended,301910,14126181,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,haryel,satan sings 10/10
,Recommended,301910,14147414,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Torrielle,"Like most people said, Gat out of Hell should be a DLC, not a stand-alone game.All the bloody minigames, especially Hellblazing is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥But if you're a true Saints Row fan, I recommend you to buy this game when the steam sale comes.Well, at least you could play as the badass sexy Gat, flying around in Hell.8/10."
,Recommended,301910,14121603,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BooBooKitty,Love it!
,Recommended,301910,14137400,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kageyama,"I would reccomend this game, but there is alot of sound effects, particles, (etc)... Therefor it makes hard to play but it was overall enjoyable. if you have a great computer then you should give it a spin."
76561197971686572,Recommended,301910,14267105,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Old School  哦 删除,It took me quite some time to get the game up and running.And it is not the super-Wow effect that goes paired with all the previous Saint Row game.But being a big Saint row fan it feels good to play with the SR-Crew once again.For me this game s combination with PROTOTYPE2 and Saint Rows without limits.The main story line can be finished in about 4 to 5 hours.But as awlways it can keep you busy for a long time with all the sidemissions.Seeing they only asked 20 dollars on retail price i found a fair price for the quality of game i received.But still it is you that makes the decission and your own experience.Stay cool.Mr M.
,Recommended,301910,16144105,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Badoo,"Love The Game! Awesome guns and best of all, flying. wish they could add dlc's to it tho."
,Recommended,301910,14373674,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Flap Jack,"Awesome, immersive controls. Character movement allows me to experience and maximize the atmosphere around, which makes me feel just so.....alive when in-game"
,Recommended,301910,14274327,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Toadarian,i loved it the story was cool and being in hell and destroying♥♥♥♥♥♥as kinzie and gat it was fun but the story was short
,Recommended,301910,14140073,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mr.GõâT,I punched Satan in his face.10/10
76561198170681011,Recommended,301910,14805262,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,chickenroo,i love the saints row games and i love all of the games even 3 and 4 and it put both in hell i ♥♥♥♥ing love this just plz make more dlc :)
,Recommended,301910,14212329,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,»Nyxiᴇᴇ¹,Satan broke out into a musical.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,301910,14144740,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Maniak,[100/10]The Thing i love on this game is u can kick satan with ur chair :DAnd Fly with the wing arround the map xD
76561197998836780,Recommended,301910,20280926,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bl_5ca,"It's quite short, but the over the top action and humour of the franchise will surely pay out."
,Recommended,301910,17210094,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Lustikurre,"I was wondering if it was worth the 20€ they ask for.Short answer: Yes, it was worth every €.Longer answer:The story is quite short yes, but since it's price tag, and the fact that it's an ""expandalone"" I'd say you get what you pay for.Also If you want to 100% the game there are lots of side activities to do and collectibles to find.Different superpowers, flying system is really well made and controls like a charm, and you're in hell in all its glory! Wait that doesn't sound quite right...If you enjoyed Saints row 4 and want more, but different I wouldn't hesitate picking this one up.Final rating: 666/666"
,Recommended,301910,17195131,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Captain Unicornasaurusrex,"Defeated Satan with Sloth/pride then I punched him in the face. I can farm it for $9,000 each time."
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,301910,16853429,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"Buy:-If you liked all the other Saints Row games, or at least didn't mind the weirdness of the fourth.-If the game is 10 dollars or less.-If you don't mind the story being less than five hours long.-If you have a real thing for either flying in open world games or Johnny Gat.-If you ever wished Saints Row was more like a giant pile of sidequests.-If you don't mind a complete absence of customization.While you could probably♥♥♥♥♥♥around for quite awhile just for fun, Hell itself isn't very big.  It really should have been a much bigger game, or smaller as a dlc pack for the zany Saints Row 4.  It's interesting, and I don't particularly regret buying it, but it's not really going to be enough for most people."
76561198066132328,Recommended,301910,16589165,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Willp110,"This was a great game despite completing it in 5 or 6 hours, it sure gave me alot of thrill. Firstly the cars, they aren't very good. There was no custimization but what can i say, its about escaping from hell. Next the gameplay, This is a great game i love the flying and supersprint features. If you liked saints row 4 with the superpowers then you will love Gat out of hell. Also i love the feature of playing as Kinzie or Gat. but i do recomend getting sr4 first so you understand the beginning of the game. Also like any other saints row game theres a bit of choice at the end.Great game highly and I highly recomend it."
76561198010373102,Recommended,301910,19511983,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Selfish Meme/vacation,"Kinda short, but if you liked SR 4, it's a good way to get some more of that gameplay in a different setting."
76561198028597820,Recommended,301910,19861945,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Santa Christ,For the price it's worth it. More guns some old characters and you get to bang satans daughter.
,Recommended,301910,19943378,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jamal,"Had to change my Saints row IV character (female) to male, so it wouldn't look like she's ""gay""10/10 would change sex again"
,Recommended,301910,20146711,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Crowned clown,"I havent played the rest of saints row games,but saints row gat out of hell is one of my favourite games atm.This game let you in hell,You can punch Satan in the face,destroy everything,but for 15 euros it is not worth.You should buy this game at sales then it is worthPros:A lot of funYou can punch satan in the faceYou can destory everythingA good optimizationThe story is decentCons:You cant customize you characterYou have only one main missionThe story its shortIt is not worth for 15 euros(BUY IT AT SALES)So i will give to this game 7.8/10 but for me is one of my favourite games"
,Recommended,301910,20096164,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tiяit chan,Good game but Saint row 3 is better :)
,Not Recommended,301910,20296675,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Walmart,"I used 6 hrs of my life playing this game...I will never get those Hours back......I could have used those hours to find the love of mye life, but noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!...I used them to play Saints row: Gat out of hell."
76561198013373362,Recommended,301910,33143138,Posted: 2 July,all,AWFSpades,"If you're a fan of Saints Row you'll enjoy this but otherwise it's definitely not a standalone expansion. You play as either Johnny Gat or Kinzie in Hell trying to save the player character (President) from SRIV. With the same overall mechanics of SRIV you'll get a quick adventure in a reskinned city that you've been to before. There's nothing new here, and it's certainly not worth full retail, but if you enjoy the series and can snag it cheaply via a sale it's good for 4-5 hours of plot."
76561198102010903,Recommended,301910,32834197,Posted: 26 June,all,Nickjet45,If you're the type who buys games for achievements expect to spend atleast 20 hours on this game(One of the achievements is spend 20 hours in hell :))If you're the type who wants game hours based on your money then buy this on sale as the story lasts only for like 3-4 hours even with doing side quests
,Recommended,301910,14105015,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,thatonegamer007,THIS GAME IS AMAZING AS HELL . . . LITERALLY
76561198045457592,Recommended,301910,22857849,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dangerous Tea,"They went and did it.  And that Highway into Hell is paved in the caskets of the MILLIONS of bodies you put there from the previous games.  It is all the things you remember and love from the previous games plus smoldering angel wings!  Oh.  Don't mind the corpse strippers, they came with the car."
,Recommended,301910,22891420,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Senjougahara,"Great and a fun game.Flying is fun lel.The length of the story is somewhere under 4 hours but it has more to offer due to side missions and collections.Apart from that you can only play as Kinzie or Gat and can´t change your outfits also there are no radio stations in cars , but whatever you will be flying all the time anyways."
,Recommended,301910,33475401,Posted: 12 July,all,Wispa Dori,"It's a fun game if you get it on sale,otherwise, I don't think it's worth it at full price. The game is so short, you can finish it in one long session. Hunting for achievements takes a while, though."
76561198057976973,Recommended,301910,14201164,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,✿ daisy ✿,"Maybe I was expecting way too much from this standalone DLC.Sure, the idea had a lot of potential, but when it came down to actually getting to play this game, it was a huge disappointment.+ The story and idea+ Visually amazing+ Johnny Gat+ Being able to play as Kenzie+ Flying with wings was nice after maxing everything out.+ Fairly enjoyable despite flaws- Lack of music/radio was disappointing- The game seems to be self aware of it's own lazyness- Customization heavily stripped- The streets of the city are dead, colorless, while only people important to your mission have some level of life on them.- There's no much to do other than the activities and filling the bar in order to get to punch Satan in the face- Basically forced side-missions after another, which causes the game get really repetitiveThis is  DLC isn't worth 20€/$. Wasted potential after such a huge promises and hype. It was hard to choose between if I should recommend this or not.Might not even recommend touching it unless you get it cheap."
76561198043844176,Recommended,301910,18666420,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jthecrazed,Great gameplay not enough content. they nailed the flying mechanic better than any other game I have ever played.
,Recommended,301910,18826685,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SecretServiceOO,"Beat it in 7 hours, could ave played a bit longer and do more side missions, but I was feeling pretty OP at ~60% completion on normal so I decided to end it there. 10/10 do recommend!"
76561197999163791,Recommended,301910,18846813,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,m1a1cavalryman,"This was my favorite of the series, except that it is so short - less than 10 hours.Lots of good comedy though."
,Recommended,301910,14426624,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Daybreak Blue,Beat the holy hell out of everone with an armchair9/10
,Recommended,301910,16804767,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TheRedKirby (๑╹ڡ╹๑),"Too big to be DLC, too small to be a full on game. Gat Out of Hell takes the Farcry Blood Dragon approach and becomes a lightweight standalone game.Did you like Saints Row 4? Do you like Gat and/or Kinzie?If so, you'll like this. It's a fun 5-8 hour romp depending on how much you wish to complete."
,Recommended,301910,29279241,Posted: 15 January,all,SuicidalFrog,Damn I didn't know satan was so good a singing
,Recommended,301910,18880654,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Corefitz,"Good game that makes for quite a few hours of entertainment, really love the flying feature."
,Recommended,301910,18927508,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,jazzcoolgamer,"The flight mechanic is the best in this game, the story and gameplay is decent. But buy this game on sale cause full price is not that worth it."
76561198013521182,Recommended,301910,14158560,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,cLoudGLPong,"Shot Satan in the face, ate some tacos, ocd orb collecting fulfilled. 10/10 would do it again."
,Recommended,301910,26585142,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Piss Flavored Tea,Only takes about 5.1 Hours But its good Its a MUST HAVE Its  my fav. saints rowProsLots of shootoutsBloodStrippersSatanDevils workersalien weaponsConsHmmmm I cant find anyRating: BEST GAME 2015! MUST HAVE
,Recommended,301910,24136210,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NightMerus,"I got this game together with Saints Row IV.This game is nothing but a DLC for Saints Row IV, and it should be sold as one.But I loved it, in my opinion it's way better than the main game, specially because it happens in hell.I should buy this game if you enjoy the following games:GTAPrototypeSaints Row IVIf you didn't like SR IV don't buy this game, it's the same gameplay, same mini-games etc, justa  different map and storyline."
76561198041844214,Recommended,301910,14099507,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,NGamer,"Intro:Welcome to HellJohnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington (your pick)Emeny SatanStoryline (Kill Satan)Game hours: 7 hours (not including activities)Graphics:Same as Saints Row 4, but new worldGraphic improvements on other key stuffGameplay:Fixed combatMovements are naturalNew guns completely (except the pistol)The Bad:Feels like Saints Row 4 when it comes supernatural powersNo character customizationThe 940 clusters are back (easier to get, but still)Lack of detrail to hustsThe conclusion:The price of the game is worth it,You still get a full crazy game and laughsNew to Saints Row games, then this is a great game to start"
,Recommended,301910,14148382,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Radioactive Lobster,"Well, I'm sort of conflicted on this one.On one hand, I am admitidly dissapointed by this latest venture into the over-the-top Saints universe. The game on a whole does feel unfinished. Not down to numerous numbers of bugs, but just a sensation that something was missing from the game. Avoiding any spoilers, information that is presented during the final cutscenes of the game reinforce this, leading me to believe that the guys at Volition may have had far more grandiose plans in mind for Gats trip to New Hades, but I can only imagine time constraints and budget concerns are the true reasons why those plans have not bore fruit.Despite that niggling feeling that there should be more to the game, what -is- there is unadulterated fun. Well, perhaps a little. This is Saints Row afterall. While perhaps not a match for the powers that The Boss/President gains in the previous title, those abilities that Johnny earns through the use of Lucifers Cracked Halo are interesting non the least. Most enjoyable perhaps just being his flight ability. While not technically true flight (it's like an advanced glide with a boost mechanic thats limited to uses per flight) it still grants you a great deal of mobility and you'll find yourself often forsaking ever using the now redundant vehicles. Throughout my playthrough, the only times I ever used a car for transport were when I was forced to. All other times, I was just flying.This however does bring me back to that same niggling thought of dissapointment. As this constant need for Volition to crank the Saints up to eleven seems to be sending them further and further away from what originally interested me in the franchise. What had started as a competitor to Grand Theft Auto, offering a tongue in cheek look at the life of crime, has now become a series where familiar characters are thrown into various, outlandish situations and given the tools to cause as much mayhem as they can. Judging it purely as a sandbox for destruction, it's an A+. But my nostalgia over the old Saints Row is what keeps me from turning fan-girl over this one. This is what the new Saints is always going to be now, I fear. The Boss, Johnny, Kinzie, Shaundie, Pierce (who sadly wasn't present here, WHY VOLITION? You have Satan involved in a musical scene but not Pierce?!) and that host of uninteresting paper characters that have been thrown in the last two games, all of them being thrust together into these strange non-sensical situations, all for the purpose of providing a backdrop for the havoc they want you to create.If you're looking for some mindless violence with some fun toys, definetly pick this one up. Especially if its on sale. However if you were looking for something that expands the Saints universe positively, I'd stop holding your breath now. It's not going to happen, they're heading in a whole different direction now."
,Not Recommended,301910,16612967,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,raixel,"Well, Im glad I got this on the Summer Sale and didnt pay full price. Saints Row 2 & 3 are 2 of my all time favorites.Saints Row 4, very meh. Feels like a standalone expansion for 3. I couldnt get into it. Everything was rehashed from 3.Aaaannnd now we have the stand alone expansion for 4, hmm?So the should-have-been-DLC spawned a should-have-been-DLC? What do you even call that, an expansion of an expansion?If you get it on sale at an extreme discount like I did, go for it. But its definitely not worth the asking price. The main mission is like what 4 quests? Maybe 10 hours of gameplay?Go play 3. Its a lot more fun. Im just wondering how many times Volition is going to release SR 3 with slightly different window dressing."
,Recommended,301910,15688430,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tr3b0r,"This stand-alone expansion to Saints Row IV is not as good as it's predecessor, or even SR3, but it's not bad. It's definitely not as polished, but it's still immensely fun. The hell setting is a breath of fresh air, and actually changes the formula up quite a bit. Not to mention the visuals look pretty damn good.Without spoiling, Gat out of Hell also has a few plot twists and references which any Saints Row fan will appreciate. Not to mention the over the top gameplay and humour is back with a bang!Overall, If you're a fan, you will appreciate this."
,Recommended,301910,15288365,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,tonicmole,"I'll admit that I expected this to be total garbage.  I'll also admit that I was wrong.  I have been a long time Saints Row fan.  From the original on consoles and than the past three on PC.  This stand alone DLC looked to be a cheap throw away game that takes the franchise further over the shark, while removing all customization.  This is true.  However, flying is really fun.  Crazy fun.  Despite my beleif that the franchise needs to reel itself back in, Gat Out of Hell really shines with it's awesome gameplay and goofy story.  It also ends with something of a hint of what will come to be with Saints Row 5.  It's a surprisingly must have game especially for Saints Row fans.  For real sticklers to the franchise, the game reads your Saints Row 4 save and presents ""The Boss"" as you created them in SR 4, instead of just throwing in a default character.  It's a nice touch.  Also, after a short tutorial you are able to choose whether you play as Gat or Kenzie.  Both have the exact same powers.I do have to note that the games mission progression has several logic errors.  Never did it break the game, or progression itself, but the story advances almost randomly, and it rarely makes since as to why.  For instance, my mission was to save my friends, but I had yet to actually meet all these people.  Once I did I was allowed to continue the mission, but it was totally out of the logical order they intended.  This type of thing happens a lot in this game, but it is so absurd that it really doesn't matter."
,Recommended,301910,23885448,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Śliski,"This game is awesome. Although it's not worth 15 Euros in my opinion, it's a great game to buy on sale.If you liked SRIV, You'll like this game. It's awesome to play as Gat and Kinzie.You can't modify your looks, you can't do anything visually wise. But the weapons are awesome and the characters are well made. Story is great and witty.Main game is short and feels like something is missing. But if you just want to hop in and destroy everything possible, I highly recommend this game to you.I really enjoy the flying mechanism and the overpowered superpowers. You'll find some issues with the game, but if you can look past them, you'll have fun.The game is short though, level cap 20 is not enough. But hey, for four Euros, get it!"
,Recommended,301910,32917045,Posted: 28 June,all,mofu mofu,กูเกลียดระบบบิน
,Recommended,301910,28777119,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Midget Mafia,Don't even remember playing the game but OK.
76561198008491632,Recommended,301910,19423336,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Avy,A must have for everyone who loved 3 & 4.PROSMusical numberMayhemFlyingMayhemSatan gets punched in the faceMayhemEndings give much better closure than Mass Effect 3 onesMayhemCONSToo short
,Recommended,301910,26303423,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Whayoooooo!!!,WE HITTIN HELL
,Recommended,301910,29219734,Posted: 13 January,all,Havora,buy it on sale its like a demo to saints row 5
,Recommended,301910,25278951,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Hyruxs,What the hell am i doing here?
,Recommended,301910,34325015,Posted: 18 August,all,Chaotic Nord,"Before the review starts, I'm pretty bias towards the saints row series since it was always a childhood fan favorite of mine. Even said this game isnt worth 15 dollars at full price hands completely down i bought it on sale for like 4 dollars during sale. If you love saints row than get it, its a very fun filler game that you cant take as if it was a real game. I officially beat the main quest in 4 hours any other saints row game would take around 8-12 hours. I've play all the saints rows multiple times (i just switch to steam so i dont have the hours to prove). Alright into the review!!!Pros-*The guns are pretty interesting a very boring variety but the sin guns are pretty good such as lust, pride, and sloth.*You get to play as Gat and Kinzie which is a very nice take since they've always been around you get to take their perspective*Dane, an amazing comeback character to show alot of background on how he felt by you know... dying?*I dont understand the other reviews saying the flying was hard. I found it very simple and sweet it was a bit lackluster in the start of the game but once it get upgraded like in saints row 4 it was easy to manage.Cons-*Other than the bosses of hell, the main quest was terrible dont get me wrong its not something to make you quit the game but it feels so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like a small production or writters who wanted a quick buck*The achievments... Take a look at my achievments for this game I have them all but 6. Alot of them are easy to get but some of them takes hours to complete. Example for this is the ride a cosmo til it blows up, to get me started its mega hard to even find one it takes minutes of running around since there is multiple achievments for cosmos make them spawn more dang. The last 6 to come back are really annoying to get like bouncing 5 times on cars without touching the ground. CARS BARELY SPAWN so I still yet have the achievment.*The challenges are annoying I've found one location outside the interpool building where enemies spawn super fast where anywhere on the map they never spawn. All the challenges are about dumb guns its so annoying to get and since the game is so short upgrading guns and characters you wont have enough money so you have to farm with the greed gun at the sinterpool location.*There is no community for this game so buy this game for a friend to even get the 3 hour co-op achievmentSorry for gramatical errors its 2:56am and im just sharing my opinon I hope this helps anyone wanting to get this game or deciding to get it."
,Recommended,301910,14225079,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Maximus,♥♥♥♥ING AMZING A++ 15 HOURS OF TOTAL EXITEMENT
,Recommended,301910,14217854,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,"Drunken Fist Master, Bo' Rai Cho","Oh the Saints. How far you have come since your gangster origins. From Stillwater, to Steelport, Whitehouse, to Outer Space, the Saints have seen it all. But now comes there greatest challenge, Satan himself. Yes it would seem Lucifer has actually taken interest in the ""The Boss"" (Generally YOU in every other Saints Row game) due to his ability to cause mayhem, fight for power, and still get the job done at the end of the day. Due to this interest, Satan ends up kidnapping The Boss after the gang decides to play with a Ouija board, thus opening a rift to hell pulling The Boss into his certain doom. Sounds ridiculous right? Well it is!!! That being said, I absolutely loved this game, and here is why![Pros]- Play as Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington whenever you desire.-Tons of weapons unique to hell and a few classics, including the 7 Deady Weapons, one for each of the 7 Deadly Sins.-The Glide Ability from SR4 is replaced with the Winged Flight ability, a much more maneuverable means of travel.-Team up with the likes of Vlad the Impaler, Blackbeard the Pirate, and William Shakespeare.-Meet up with old cast members such as The Twins from SR3, Dex from SR1, and even Dane from SR2.-All of the ""Super Powers"" have been replaced with ""Arcane Abilities"" which act similiar, but have unique differences.-Tons of collectables filled with lore, and lots of side challenges to help keep you busy.-Up to five different endings, some serious, some silly, some very random.-Tons of upgrades between your character, weapons, and powers.-Great dialogue with equally as great voice acting. You can tell the whole cast has fun filming their lines.-Possible cliffhangers hinting at Saints Row 5.-Co-Op available through the whole game. Whats better then one person beating up Satan? Two people![Cons]-Very few vehicles to drive around in, tho you will likely spend most of your time flying or running.-No radio stations, this stinks because things can get quiet at times.-Very short (Only took 4 hours to complete the story), tho this is ment to be a standalone DLC at a $20 price so that kind of was expected.-Once you finish all of the quests, side missions, and challenges, you really have nothing else to do but run around.-Some side missions are recycled versions of missions from other games, just renamed and slightly reskinned.-You cannot use your phone to call any holmies, this is replaced with the ability to summon creatures.-You cannot change the custom skin of your weapons, a feature that was refreshing to see in SR4.[Neutral Thoughts]-This game is NOT for everyone, especially for die hard fans of Saints Row 2 and prior. This is not the Saints Row game you remember, back when it was all about forming a gang and running the streets. I would recomend it to people with a good sense of humor and who can handle a game that doesen't take itself too seriously. This game is alot of light hearted fun, and does a great job at making references to all Saints games prior this one.[Final Thoughts]Contrary to popular belief, the Saints Row series stopped being relatable to the GTA series ever since midway through Saints Row 3. This is NOT GTA. If you want a serious, more realistic experience, then this is NOT the game for you. If you want an open world, gun slinging, super ability whipping, wing flapping HELL of a good time (PUN INTENDED) then I would definetly recommend this game to you. If you enjoyed the whackiness of Saints Row 4, and maybe even Saints Row 3, I would highly suggest giving this game a try. It has a great price, a great cast, and great fun all around.9 out of 10 would raise hell in hell again."
,Recommended,301910,18581994,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[DPM] Kreirravia,"What can I say about Saints Row: Gat out of Hell, you start the game by holding a spirit board at gun point and forcing it to send you to hell...Great start aside, something to note is this game is basically just a reskin of its predecessor. We're not talking even slightly different, same powers only reworked to make sense in hell.I can only recommend this game if you are a saints row fan or you didn't pay much for the last one. Only difference I can see between them is you shoot satan in the face, not an alien."
,Recommended,301910,18532914,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,merhabi,"""Hang out with historical figures like Vlad the Impaler, Blackbeard the pirate, and fictionalones like William Shakespeare from all those movies about poems and love.""Why haven't you bought this game yet?"
,Recommended,301910,22945191,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Boss,Campaign is extremley short but fun
,Recommended,301910,22946620,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Caniesys Bane of Men,"(most hours are AFK) A truly underrated gem... recent reviews mixed?!  I have played through every main saints game twice so I am pretty sure I atleast understand the saints serries, it is based off of evolution and change. each saints game has it's own identity and even if you don't like it it's still intresting and worth playing. I understand the argument that this is too far away from the gang concept even more than three and four, I myself think two is the best so I understand. which is why I will put this as the second best, though four has completly mastered the mechanics and is flawless from that perspective. this game modernises the gameplay formula of two and IMPROVES the falwless gameplay mechanics of four. this has to be my second favorite in the serries only held back by the length or lack of, but that is understandable. four being my third favorite, was a chore once the shock of the superpowers wore off, because it copied and pasted the gameplay formula from three which was one of it's weaker points. the game has very little plot because it doesn't want to do traditional missions because they must be mostly fetch quests. that is the flaw in four. this game needs a 5 dollar decreas in price to be perfect or it needs to have a second campign that does what SR4 does to steelport to stillwater and a new mechanic to keep it fresh. still I would suggest this game to everyone who has a spare 15$ and I would suggest it especaily on sale."
,Recommended,301910,19027888,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Disney Jazzcore ⚡,"So where do I start with the review of a long franchise game which turns into something... completely different. Well, a Standalone game.Many would give a negative review about this game but I am not that of a many person. Yes, I agree the game went from:Drug DealerCelebritiesAlien invasionHell conqueringI like to call this game something more of a sandbox, at least in the eyes of the developers. They evolved through Saints Row 1, 2 and then 3 ---- and so on. They changed it. I personally LOVE Saints Row The Third and spent a decent amount of hours playing it... THRICE! This game on the other hand is something very different, it is a standalone from the ending of Saints Row IV. This time you can play as Johnny Gat and Kinzie.What I like in this game...-Demons-Killing Demons-Guns-Lots of Guns-Explosions-♥♥♥♥ LOT OF EXPLOSIONS...... and my favorite-Shooting Satan in the face! -bang-What I dont like...-You cant change clothes-Not lot of customizing-Never understood how to control the radio and guess it isn't there. Would love to get some OST radio music from this game (Metal fan as always..)-And once again the pain in farming Soul clusters.Game is fun, funny and lot of easy achievements. An easy 25-28 hours full of fun and struggle.7.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14122835,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Henry,"For a standalone game. This one doesn't disapoint. The game delivers the same silly humor found in the last two games in the franchise and it keeps you entertained while you dominate the streets of New Hades. The only way to progress through the story is to complete activities given to you. Completing these activities will increase Satan's rage which will allow you to face Satan himself! That's basically the whole point of this expansion. The game has similar graphics compared with the last two titles. Meaning you won't be needing a high-end Graphics card to play this game on the highest possible settings. With all that said, I wish this game was longer! But it's considered acceptable for a standalone expansion (took me 10 hours to complete the story.) Despite all the above, if you like blowing things up, and enjoy some good humor on the side. This is the game you should definately consider adding onto your Steam Library. I recommend!"
,Recommended,301910,14086520,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AlloDoX,"10/10 easily. Fun game to just run around and have fun. If you like the saint rows series, then you will enjoy this. #worth :D"
,Recommended,301910,14454570,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,beams from the mecha anime,I'M FLYING! I'M KINZIE! I'VE GOT A GREAT SATAN'S DAUGHTER! I'M HAPPY! I'M CRYING COZ I'M HAPPY!
,Recommended,301910,23864291,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SnyperLyfe2001,GTA V + Darksiders II = Saints Row: Gat out of Hell.This game is epic. Nuff said
,Recommended,301910,24358908,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,shakespeare's disco is called tempestgg10/10
,Recommended,301910,18962157,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jul Munax,"Probably the funnest game I've played in a long time. The characters, old and new, were well introduced. The weapon are huge and gruesome, and come with a hint of humor in many cases. But to top it all off was the new mechanic: flying. Flying was nothing like gliding from Saints Row: IV.The game is well designed and still holds onto the values the Saints Row series has held onto since the beggining: mass murder & chaos as well as pure fun."
76561197970739339,Recommended,301910,18632505,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"Upon completing Saints Row IV, I said goodbye to my old, violent, purple friends, thinking it the grand finale. I am glad to say I was wrong, because Gat out of Hell is one... well, hell of a postscript. The boss of the Saints (who looks like whatever you made them look like in Saints Row IV) has been kidnapped by the devil himself, and Johnny Gat, the most dangerous man in the world and the last surviving founder of the Saints, must rescue them. You can also play as team genius Kinzie Kensington, since its her birthday. In some ways, it is the most barebones title in the series- not only are there no customization options, there aren't even any story missions save the finale- the gameplay is made up entirely of the series' staple activities, like fraud and survival, with a few new ones, such as an aerial twist on the blazing activity. Speaking of air, Gat out of Hell takes your mobility to the final frontier, adding full-on flight to your already overpowered repetoire of super powers. Your offensive abilities return with elements, such a stomp that vacuums in enemies and pickups and an aura that forces the demons of hell to bow before your Saintly presence. There's also a whole new set of super-guns (and a sword) that correspond to the seven deadly sins, each with nasty side-effects for your enemies. Gat out of Hell is the best elements of Saints Row distilled into a pure form: the mayhem, the power, the guns, the unparalleled sense of catharsis. Not even the legions of hell can stand in the way of your fun. However, it is also the shortest title in the series, though it is priced accordingly. If you've been on a ridealong with the Saints from the very beginning, like me, Gat out of Hell offers some much appriciated continuity nodding, which is remarkably one of the series' strongest points. Much as in IV, you will run into a number of old familiar faces, beginning with none other then Saints Row 2's main villain, Dane Vogel. There's plenty of collectibles and audio logs to find if you'd like to cover every square inch of the city of the damned.  The Saints conquered a street, then a city, a nation, an intellerstellar empire and now hell itself, and STILL there seems to be more for the Saints to do. I hope to don the purple once again sometime in the future. If you have enjoyed ANY of the Saints Row games or crave a sandbox experience that makes you the center of all the fun, Gat out of Hell is a game for you."
,Recommended,301910,25809769,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,legit chinese,"You got a demon on your house?,easy just 1 DEAG IT10\10"
,Recommended,301910,25801947,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Plague Doctor,"It's good game, fun and crazy af, but i just think it's a bit short, perhaps it should've been a dlc for Saints Row 4.6.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14087247,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Midi Blitz,"10/10 would kill Dex again.But really, people seem to be expecting another 50 dollar game. This isn't a 5/60 dollar game, guys. Remember this before looking into getting this game. Because yes, this is 20 dollars. But no, it's not 20 dollar quality. It's Volition-quality content. Absurdity and all. If you're one of the butt-hurt hardcore fans that didn't like SRIV, look somewhere else. If you loved SRIV, this has been just as good so far (played since about an hour after release, straight.)This game is just as well made as the rest, and if you're having any problems with it, it's your computer. Bad graphics? Check my Gat out of Hell screenshots for proof. I have graphics on Ultra, and they look great.Great job, Volition."
,Recommended,301910,34622645,Posted: 30 August,all,BodyPolitic,"Look,If you liked Saint's Row 4 you will like Gat Out of Hell. It's as simple as that. GooH  is packed full of Saints Row trademark immature humour and over the top weapon and charecters. Hell is a well rendered plaground and flying with angel wings is blast. The powers are somewhat similar to SR4 with a supernatural bent to things.I loved it, more zaniness and signature SR crudity.Worth picking up imo."
,Recommended,301910,19519529,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ж  ﻿ｔｅｒｚａｅｒｉａｎ  ✌,"No longer content to pick on aliens with superpowers in IV, I picked up Gate Out of Hell on sale recently to conquer thefinalfinal frontier: death and the afterlife.Overall I like it as much as Saints Row IV, though there were a few things I found myself being wistful for. First, was the base game of IV itself. No garage, no cribs, no stores save for weapon vending machines; the map has never seemed more barren. I understand, for story reasons, why Gat and Kinzie are the main characters, but it would have been a nice reward to let the player go around kicking♥♥♥♥♥in Hell after the main storyline is resolved with their beloved Bosses. Who cares it if makes no sense? This is Saints Row!IV managed to strike the balance perfectly between frustrating and boring, keeping things more consistently challenging throughout the lifespan of the game than the Third did, but Gat Out of Hell was not quite as inspired in that regard. While a few of the superpowers introduce new mechanics that are fun to play around with (such as Worship in Aura), others just seem to have switched around elements from IV into different powers. Legionairres and Archdukes are initially tough to deal with, but after grabbing certain powers or pretty much any of the Seven Deadly Weapons, they become trivial.That said, I thoroughly enjoyed exploring Hell as much as any locale from the SR series so far. Coming from a fantasy RPG background, cutting down scores of supernatural fiends with magical weapons just feels right, and it complements the lunatic arc of the series well. If it had been more of a full game, with the sandbox elements of the SR series intact, I likely would not have waited for it to go on sale, but picked it up as soon as I finished IV."
,Recommended,301910,19886541,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to go down to hell just to punch Satan in the face? Well this might be the game for you.If you have played either of the last saints row games then you have already played this one. It is literally the same as 4 but with a new shiny coat of pixel, now this is not a bad thing in my opinion, but I just wanted to say that before I begin.So the president has been kidnapped and it is up to Gat to get him/her back from the evil clutches of Satan and his rather cute daughter Jezebel. Kinzie is also there but no one cares about her so moving on. So following the president down to hell on a rescue mission you go about causing the largest amount of havoc as you possibly can whilst making a few friends and allies in the along the way.The main meat of the game is its rather large and very well detailed open world filled to the brimstone with diversions, side quests and things you just want to killerize. I had a lot of fun with everything that was thrown at me, from speed flying to tank rampages the game has it all but as mentioned it’s not much different from previous titles so if you are into those activities then you will have a great timeThe world is awesome in my opinion, I loved just floating around and gawking at everything, the hellish landscape fits the theme perfectly. Flowing magma falls from floating islands that just hang in the sky like clouds before cascading into the giant glowing lakes of fire that litter the ash filled city whilst hapless damned souls wonder around doing what the damned do on their daily routine, to me it seems like bursting into light when you shoot them is the highlight of their day.Now weaponry, the good stuff, I am not going to spoil it. You of course have the standard guns, all with a hellish theme, but when you eventually get hold of the seven deadly sins you know you are going to have a great time. A hammer that shoots lightning, a reclining chair that fires missiles and a sentient revolver all await you in your hellish arsenal of goodies.And I can’t talk about weapons without mentioned super powers; they are back, but this time its arcane magic. You can super sprint your way around the city and destroy all the cars that get in your way or take to the sky with your own pair of fallen angel wings, just a side note flying with those is awesome, when you get used to them and have a few upgrades under your belt dashing through the sky is phenomenal. Then there is the offensive magic, 4 spells each with 3 different elements changing them completely. Not going to ruin them but you can summon imps and suck the life from people, enough said.Over all this is a super fun game with enough to keep you busy for a while. The plot is thin at best, but the world and everything in it is enough to entertain. I would recommend this for sure if it’s on sale and if you enjoy this sort of game then full price then it’s still a deal.Oh and one more thing, play as Gat and use unarmed melee… trust me.Have fun ^_^"
,Recommended,301910,19848459,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Expired Meme,"Its not as good as Saints Row IV, but its definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,301910,21957535,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,AsianSantaClaws™,"Like the idea of being like a god and having powers, but I think the game series went a bit too far.Pros: Amazing storyline.Cons:All that red and orange atmosphere is sorta hard on the eyes. Oh, and its a pretty small game. Finished it in 3 daysOnly buy/play this game after you have played Saints Row: The Third and Saints Row IV, but this isnt workth your 15 bucks"
76561198016487911,Recommended,301910,24526671,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CargoRunner,"Like Saints Row 4, this game is a super hero sandbox. It is a good game that I would recommend for the fun factor. But overall Gat Out Of Hell is a bit disappointing. It just feels like another ""stand alone DLC"" game based on the Saints Row 3 game. BUT it is really cut back and missing so much of the diversity and fun factor polish that was in Saints Row 3 and 4. In fact it feels more like a community mod than a publisher released AAA title. I just expected Hell to be a more interesting place to visit.It has a very short story, very few interior locations, a smaller variety of weapons. No character creation, no clothing options. It feels like a smaller range of vehicles and enemies. Hell seems to be an ugly reskin of Steelport with the same ""last gen"" style graphics. There seems to be less graphic variety in the regions of hell. All the ""civilians"" look like the same grey zombie and all the cars are rusty wrecks so look similar. So Hell is not a very interesting, or very attractive place to just explore, who wants to steal and drive around in an ugly rusty wreck of a car?If you have not played any recent Saints Row game, then I would recommend both SR3 and SR4 way above this one. If you have played SR3 and SR4 to death, and want something a little different, then this is a solid, good fun game.It is just a shame that instead of giving us a next gen saints row, or giving us more crazy stuff to play with, or giving us more crazy humour. They have taken so much away in this latest game."
76561198039623843,Not Recommended,301910,33061066,Posted: 30 June,all,Black & White,"It's like Saints Row 4 but you play as Johnny Gat Instead your character, and fight demons instead of aliens, in an equily boring city, but hey it's demon themed."
,Not Recommended,301910,35267492,Posted: 28 September,all,//TeeKayBudz,"If it would stop crashing for no f***ing reason every 10-20 minutes I would just say its fun and give it a thumbs up... but no, after crashing 15 times in 2 hrs I say f*** this game"
,Recommended,301910,14408885,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MarurabaATX,"after reaching 94% (doing all missions/collectables and such) i can say that Gat Out of Hell is basicly more of the same SR4 with a hellish skin. i enjoyed the weapons, flying with wings and the summoning power but the rest of the powers are a bit bland (but there are some cool upgrades such as cold fire imps). if you liked SR3 and SR4, pick this up for another romp through the Saints Row universe. but if your wanting to start the series, this is not for you, get SR4!Overall 6.5/10 not bad but not great, more of the same (which isnt totally a bad thing if you like SR)..."
,Not Recommended,301910,30365659,Posted: 6 March,all,jedijoe,"Now look, If you want to play this game solo, go ahead, it's great, but multiplayer...ooh multiplayer...like all saints row games, it's a glitchy mess... but this is the worst multiplayer experience ever...SOME of the many glitches include:player models not updating in movement when in fraudrandom disconnects in fraud, and only fraud.random, and semi-frequent crashes for the non-host clientand a whole lot more...Single player works great...multi player is a buggymess"
,Recommended,301910,26452541,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gothic [sick],"The game is okay but... Well, I passed it at 100% for 1 day, so... maybe I got a little bored.Anyway it's actually cool! Much more awesome to fly with wings on your back than with nothing. I enjoyed. But still I don't like one stuff about the game co-op mode:I need an achievement and I tried to join matchmaking, and I joined same host many times, and all the times that host kicked me! So dear players. PLEASE! If you don't want to play co-op with random people, set it up in your settings! Is it so difficult?"
,Not Recommended,301910,29045480,Posted: 5 January,all,SpooderMalice,Little clunky
76561198119291238,Not Recommended,301910,25587639,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Qaxe,"I only recommend Gat Out Of Hell IF you loved Saint's Row 3 so much that you wanted to play it all over again but with aliens (SR4), and after playing SR4 you STILL weren't satisfied and wanted to play the same game a THIRD TIME, with demons instead of aliens -- but with no character or vehicle customization.I DON'T recommend Gat Out Of Hell if you...... care about cool cars and want to customize them... care about character customization... care about humor.... care about imagination. Seriously, this ain't Hell; it's Heck Light at best.... want to enjoy playing a game for more than 2 days.... were hoping for a new location with an updated game engine(best wear purple glasses and play GTA5 instead)Finally, (SPOILER) just as in SR3 and SR4, after you kill the big-boss nothing changes in the game. Same enemies, same game action."
,Recommended,301910,15730706,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,☠Rotten☠,"It didn't impress me as much as Saints Row IV, though flying using wings its cool! Otherwise nothing has changed much. Takes about 3-4 hours to complete the game. Also big minuses- no good cars, no music, no clothes shops. Well, its Hell in the end:)"
,Not Recommended,301910,34961991,Posted: 14 September,all,Alyn,"What a pathetic game. It's barely even enough to make a Saints Row IV DLC, nowhere near enough for a standalone game. There's basically no story, the objectives are very repetitive, and the powers unlocked are basically reskins of Saints Row IV's. There's so little here to enjoy :("
76561197991423103,Not Recommended,301910,18587729,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fumbles,"Gat out of Hell is essentially a Hell-themed skin of Saint's Row IV. In my opinion it is the worst game in the series. Here's why: They've taken out just about everything I think Saint's Row games are about and didn't put anything worthwile in to make up for that.There is almost zero customization available, the only thing you can change is your wings color - and that's only if you bought a DLC for that. To me that is ripping the heart out of this particular series, because for most of the franchise you could tailor almost anything to your liking - your gang style, your homies, your character, your cribs, your vehicles, later games even your weapons.Missions are extremely unimaginative outside of main storyline missions of which there are very little as the game is incredibly short.You can't even ""legally cheat"" anymore because you don't have a gang anymore. I'm referring to the ""phone menu"" through which you could in previous games order a vehicle delivery or zombie uprisings, that is also gone. While the lack of the phone/spawn menu is not as essential part of the game as the customization, the lack of a gang really is a downer and has removed a very essential part of the series. Alright they barely existed in SR: IV either but they were still somewhat there and recruitable.On an even more personal taste level Gat out of Hell isn't even as funny or entertaining to me as the previous installments, I admit that is perhaps partially because I wasn't a huge fan of either of the protagonists in the game - while I didn't hate those characters, they were not my favourites. Well, not even in the top 7.Overall if you have any similar preferences to mine, I wouldn't recommend this game at its full price - if you can get it in a sale, by all means, go for it. Like I said it IS essentially a reskinned Saints Row IV, just with a much much shorter storyline and without most of what makes Saints Row, Saints Row, to me at least."
,Not Recommended,301910,14901154,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,callcifer,"I've never thought there would come a day where a new Saints Row game gets released and I would not only end up not having fun, but would passionately hate the entire experience.Gat out of Hell is uninspired, unintuitive, repetitive, boring and just not funny anymore. Add to that the lack of a proper story mode and main quests, I ended up uninstalling the game in less than 2 hours. Which is truly a shame since I have almost 40 hours in SR3 and SR4 and I've enjoyed every last second of that time.I'm not sure why the game ended up being so terrible, but this is the first entry that has been developed entirely under Deep Silver so I'm a little bit worried about the future of the series. Hopefully, Gat out of Hell was just a fluke and Volition will surprise us with SR5 in the future."
,Recommended,301910,31263409,Posted: 20 April,all,Mei,"It is a good game, just don't get it standalone.I'VE SPENT NOT EVEN TEN ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS ON THIS GAME AND I ALREADY HAVE A 100% SAVEFILEwait for the summersale and get the entire collection :)"
,Not Recommended,301910,22900957,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Flight is awesome! That's the only nice thing in the game. Plot, characters, setting and missions are awful. Game moves so far away from the gang concept. Battles in hell are boring and all missions are just mini-games."
,Recommended,301910,14184997,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,L$D,"Good game, there is very little story but there is loads of side quests and activies to complete and I enjoyed them. More wacky saints row weaponary, humor and interesting charaters and Genki returns!!!!Great bit of fun to play with a friend as I did for most of the time."
,Not Recommended,301910,17084984,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Auburok,"Playing this cooperatively was almost a complete disaster. If it wasn't for LAN, I'd never have been able to do most of the coop we managed to squeeze out of this game. You see,Gat Out of Hellhas a weird issue. At least for me, anyway. Every time I play it with coop enabled, it literally chokes out my online connection multiple times. My connection will try to struggle and crawl its way back to Steam, butGat Out of Helldrags the connection back into the bowels of my home network, pummeling the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it until the connection gets brave again and tries to leave the abusive relationship. The problem is so intensely bad that the connection ♥♥♥♥ingstuttersin a LAN setting.Not a single other title I have does this. I've never had a game put down an iron curtain over my net connection before. There's a ton of other bugs on top of this, but realistically we don't know if this was due to the terrible netcode, or from the game's mechanics.On to the actual game. First off, it's short. We're talking maybe 7 hours tops to do everything in coop, and that's if you're collecting all the books and♥♥♥♥♥♥without using the collectable finder. The story is typical for the franchise, though I get from the writing that they are getting bored of the Saints, at least with how things are going. I can imagine it's hard to top being the POTUS and battling aliens and losing Earth. Hell is a really cool setting, but they really didn't add a whole lot of detail. There's nothing to do outside of the basic activities on the map, you can't dress up Gat or Kinzie, you immediately have no reason to drive vehicles (you have more reason to avoid them; they all handle like buckets of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there isn't even much to look at. Many of the moments you'd expect to be thunderclaps of eye-candy or something end up as written pages narrated in a story. In fact, the main improvement over SR4 is how flying works. Flying is great. It's fun, it's better than gliding in SR4. Aside from the fun weapons, there's not a whole lot new here.Gat Out of Hellseems highly derivative of SR2 in story, but I wouldn't be able to confirm it, because I've only played SR3 and SR4 aside from this. As a random person playing, I don't get Ultor, Dane, Dex, etc; they are just sort of thrown in and there's not a lot of reaction or fanfare in bringing out these previously established characters.I think I'll probably end up finishing the game, just to see if the massive amount of bugs was strictly from coop, but I wouldn't really recommend this game. BuySaint's Row: The ThirdorSaint's Row IVinstead, especially if you want any working coop in the first place."
,Recommended,301910,14124275,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Steve-0,"A bit short, but well worth the price."
76561198030000692,Not Recommended,301910,14282165,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Commissar Sebastian,Thanks volition I fell in love with Kinzie.Would not reccomand 0/broken hart
76561198010224957,Not Recommended,301910,14285340,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,"Oh No, A Bear","There's some great ideas here (the general concept, flying is a lot of fun and feels like a natural extension of SR IV's powers, they FINALLY built a new city instead of just reskinning Steelport yet again, weapons based on the seven deadly sins), but they're buried under so, so much wasted potential and repetition; replacing story missions outright by having the player just do side things until what's essentially a ""you beat the game"" meter fills up is a baffling decision. If it's on sale and you absolutely can't get enough of SR IV, go for it. Otherwise, it's not worth your time."
76561198145933778,Not Recommended,301910,15066689,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,regal1,"I can not play just keep getting error 53, tryed all things they recomened still keep getting Error 53 rebooted computer 3 times, validated files 3 times, Deleted game reDownloaded. Saints row 3 & 4 work with no problem"
,Not Recommended,301910,16562572,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Impulvium,"I'm sorry to say but the game after a while gets quite boring. Sure, you may have a huge ton of fun at the start but after that the fun fades away and there's nothing left but tears and pain."
,Recommended,301910,26430252,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,notbiel,Pros: it's funthe story is goodCons: Lack of CustomizationLack of Areas
,Recommended,301910,14121132,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SpecialCookiesTV,"For £15 this is a really good game, but to say it does Saints row justice would be a lie, although you see your SR4 character for all of 2 minutes, that's all that ties SR4 and Gat out of Hell together.It really just seems like they took SR4 and made it look different.With all that said this is actually really good fun! They have  kept all the cool things like, making the player feel Over Powered from the get go and a great story line.Time to complete 4 Hours (or there abouts)Complete Stream:http://www.twitch.tv/thephninja/c/5943010"
76561198007471259,Recommended,301910,30300583,Posted: 3 March,all,Adrian,"A nice addon to a great game, 8.5/10. Needed 15h+ for story and most missions/achievements, there is an absolutely stunning 5min musical in it, that would win any song contest, and the devil wings and some of the weapons are just cool! Last but not least, Kinzie is as hot as Gat is cool, and alone for the title of the game, they deserve an extra point! The game is on sale for 3.75 most of the time, so you cant get wrong then!"
,Recommended,301910,15677643,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"It's everything you know and love about Saints Row III and IV in one affordable package. It's a direct sequel to Saints Row IV and even reads your character file so the introduction has your old Saints Row IV character intact, including the voice you selected. This actually drew me in to the story quicker and was a nice touch.You play as Johnny Gat (and possibly other characters as you're allowed to switch with Kinzie right from the get go) I'm certain at some point you'll have your old Saints Row IV character available to you.Either way, the game is mindless running around and slaughtering just like the previous games... nothing new here. They've adopted the ""Super Hero"" system from Saints IV so expect to be running up walls and flying over the map again. Run and do your fetch quests and level up Johnny to 20. Yes this time the level cap is set at 20, again this is a pocket version of Saints Row IV, so don't expect a lot of content.Even if the game does lack in variety and content when compared to the previous entries, the creativity of the plot doesn't get cut short. It's still a hilarious franchise and keeps on finding new ways to keep it feeling fresh... despite the aforementioned similarities.It's basically Saints Row IV with a gothic theme. The weapons include locust swarm SMG's and Grenade Launchers that shoot out a plague of toads, it's all quite thematic and fun.I haven't played much of it but I've already ran in to Black Beard the pirate, William Shakespere and Vlad the Impaler (Dracula) as my first batch of homies to help out. So far I'm digging it. If you enjoyed Saints Row IV, you'll probably love this as well because it's more of the same, only different. I grabbed it for a small discount price and it's definitely worth the 20 dollar tag."
,Not Recommended,301910,21105666,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AsY,To stupid
,Recommended,301910,14092184,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dr. Ricky,Better than Saints 3
76561198041145962,Recommended,301910,14087655,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Stryker_Ben,What's better than getting to tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up with Shakespeare? Beating the crap out of Demons while he narrated on the sideline. 10/10 would team up with the Bard again.
,Recommended,301910,25295776,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SzalonyKurczak,"This is very short game , about 4-5 hours. Gameplay is crazy like in SR 3 and 4, so I enjoy this game very much :D Waiting for next SR game."
,Recommended,301910,14134318,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,KubeRoot,"I'm enjoying the game so far, but there's two small things that stop me from fully liking it.The first thing being the ratio between story speed and unlocking speed. What I mean is, that you'll probably find yourself finishing the game before you get some actual nice stuff, and feel, like it lasted too short. Maybe it'll get a bit longer in an update, or something, but I'm already quite far through and barely know the area.The second thing being, that it feels too much like a reskin of Saints Row IV. Although it's not so bad, but you'll notice the similiarities pretty quickly. If you've never played any Saints Row, disregard it and go try out the game. But if you did play Saints Row IV, reconsider your purchase. Because some of the side missions are pretty much the same with a different name.Anyways, the game is enjoyable and has nice graphics, multiple enemies, unusual humor, regular weirdness, and will make you enjoy it while it lasts. 8/10"
,Recommended,301910,14135519,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pthumeru Ihyll,The Saints go to New Jersey and spread the magic of Disney across the land.Dildoes/10
,Recommended,301910,14160521,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Raphaestus Dys Vertium III,"This simply is a stand-alone DLC pack, but the storyline is awesome enough to keep it alive."
,Recommended,301910,14091000,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,scnede,"Let's go from the top:Mainly, you don't play as Boss in this one. You are the Legendary Gat or the exhilarating Kenzi. You can change between them at will. It's a display of power, determination, cunning, and perseverance.Pros:Great Story: connects fluently from Saints Row IV. Makes you laugh a lot, yet it's compelling.Weapons: If you watch the trailers you get the more interesting weapons shown to you. But we also have Crossbows. 'Nuff Said.Powers: Epic new powers for you to enjoy that are an awesome display of power. Really fun to play with as you progress.Vehicles: Rambulance and other Death Machines (Pun not intended. Actually, pun TOTALLY intended.)Cons:Story: It took about 8 hours from start to finish, skipping nothing and doing sidequests (not religiously, but when I happened to come across them). Includes flying around on your sick wings (Upgrade them for more fun sooner).The ending doesn't seem too be completed. Feels like it's missing a couple cutscenes.Weapons: You get a main feel for the weaponry as you watch the trailers. Nothing as fun to toy with as the Dubstep gun.Driving: While you don't really do it at all (Flying + Sprinting = No Car), Hell doesn't have nitrous.Rating: 8.9It's tough to spend $20 on a game that you can finish so early."
,Recommended,301910,14094255,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Kenndrik,"Just got done getting all collectibles, beat the game with all 7 deadly sin weapons on all the ending's, as one of the biggest bad asses other than yourself. Definatly worth the $20. I just had a problem with the last cutscene that bugged out on me but other than that. It is a great game."
,Recommended,301910,14090482,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Romanesco,"Beware, Spoiler Alrert!Just finished the game in 4 Hours. At the end of the gameyou were able to choose 5 endings, which makes me thinkwill this be the last we see of Saints Row? I hope not ...,but the endings they gave you almost scream, this is the end.Game is awesome, flying was awesome :)."
,Recommended,301910,14150872,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dante Williams,"Gat out of Hell, it's a standalone expansion of saints row IV except in Hell.  You play as Johney or Kinzie as they work to♥♥♥♥♥♥of satan and rescue the boss.  If you have played at least Saints Row IV then you should know exactly what you are getting as its literally the exact same thing as IV.POSTITIVES:I will say that this game does things better than IV as its learned from the mistakes of IV and removed telekinesis as it was a useless power made using the powers more enjoyable and now you can actually fly instead of just gliding for a short amount of time.  the game is fun and is full of collectibles and past characters and great humour.NEGATIVES:However as I said this is exactly the same as IV and is a standalone and as a result there are almost no new or proper missions in this game.  All you do is side quest like jobs.  insurance fraud is replaced with a mode where you are a husk hitting cars for years of their torment instead of earning cash, Trailblazing is Hellblazing where you fly around in a point-to-point race and mayhem and survivals are the same as all the Saints row games.You should know everything you need to know about this game if you played at least IV as its the same except shorter and a little more refined and as a result you should already know if you will like it and want if you played Saints Row IV and liked it."
,Recommended,301910,14162676,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,✪1MrKicker,"Джони Гэт добрался до сатаны, дьявольски крутое дополнение 10/10"
,Recommended,301910,15666757,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Addy,"Paid 19,99€ to learn how to make good omelette's.█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄20/10 - Would prescribe testicular manslaughter on demons again!"
,Recommended,301910,14134887,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,JoshBruce,storyline is very short but still a lot of fun
,Recommended,301910,23872211,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jail,the only reason is switch to kinsie is to watch her boobs jiggle when i walk10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,301910,26055435,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hi[TM]aN*,Gerçekten çok eğlenceli bir oyundu. Uçma mekanağini çok iyi yapmışlar. Hikayesi harika 9 saat oynadığıma bakmayan isteyen bu oynu çok daha hızlı bitirebilir uzun bi oyun değil hatta kısa bir oyun. Espriler şahane 5+1 farklı sonu var. Yüzde yüz bitirmek için ekstra 3-4 sat lazım. İndirimdeyken alın yoksa çok hızlı bitiyor içinize oturur...
,Recommended,301910,14226466,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[S.e.S]^Arieianar,"This game is beautiful , but where is my Pre Order Saints Wings and Skull?"
,Recommended,301910,17180743,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rhadnar,"The game is fine.... still lots of fun.If you have played Saint's Row III or IV i recommend that you play this to know how it ""ends"".But dont expect much the game is to easy, and fast.I enjoyed it, but i expected a lot more than that.I dont recommend it for those that dont have the Saint's Row 3 and 4 yet.It's better to have and play the 3 or 4, this one lack story and content."
76561198082425336,Recommended,301910,24414875,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tyleulen007,"adds just enough to require a new standalone, but not enough to make sr5.PRO TIP: holy stomp"
,Recommended,301910,28859496,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mr.Percentage (a.k.a Preston B.),soooo fun but does get agervating after awhile
76561198053953472,Recommended,301910,31124926,Posted: 13 April,all,omega64,"Ever play GTA? This plays like a typical open world game with one distinguishing feature, you can fly. At first the flying is terrible in responsiveness but it gets better with upgrades and becomes quite fun.Most of the missions are sidemissions, there's around 6 main missions spread out of the 5-7 hours this will take you to complete.If you want GTA with Superpowers I would suggest picking up Saints Row IV instead as it is basically the same game minus the flying and with way more content. If you've already played that and liked it, this is more of the same. Would recommend it.Notable bugs:Vsync makes the game feel way less smooth, when one person has it on and the other doesn't (causing the fps to be way apart) the game will crash more often and always crashes on one mission type."
,Recommended,301910,17037238,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,PurpleTartan,"Crazy, funny and bloody good fun! The only down side to this game is it's length; I wish it was longer with more stuff to do. Thoroughly enjoyed playing this and recommend others give it a try too!"
76561198046239614,Recommended,301910,17363481,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Dreadful QB!,"WARNING: Good, but VERY short, may want to wait for it to be on sale.Pretty much both an epilogue to the saga to tie all loose ends once and for all (those old enemies you didn't revisit in SR 4, you will here)... and the plot device for a potential reboot should Deep Silver feel like it.Sure, no ""Boss"", but Gat and Kenzie more than make up for it, trust me, the formula works. Still as funny, still as stupid, and this time they even include a musical!If you're a fan of the saga, you can't afford to miss the wrap-up."
,Recommended,301910,17934694,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,lamuella,"I found it very hard to decide whether I recommended this game or not.On the one hand, it's got a lot of the ridiculous fun I wanted and expected from a Saints Row game, the new weapons and powers are a lot of fun, and getting to play as Kinzie was an absolute delight.On the other hand, the story was exceptionally slight, and the pacing was REALLY frustrating.  I love open world games but I play them for the engaging story that needs to be woven through.  Saints Row The Third and Saints Row IV got this exactly right, with the story parts and the open world distractions finishing up at about the same time.  Sleeping Dogs (another favourite) did a great job of this too.Gat Out Of Hell frustrated me because at the point where the story endgame began (and was fairly unavoidable), the ""city takeover"" parts were only about half done.  In fact, it was so early on that I was convinced this must be a false ending with more stuff still to happen.  Once the story was finished, I didn't feel much motivation to go back and finish the other bits because my story-focused brain told me they didn't ""matter"".This is mostly irritating because it would be really easily fixed.  Push the arbitrary endgame-trigger back.  Demand more city-conquest before the boss battle.  That way I get a few more hours where my actions ""matter"" before it turns into a storybook again.On the other hand, the city takeover stuff WAS fun.  The flight mechanic was well put together and the silly weapons like the armchair gave it a sense of whimsy.  Thumbs up, but only just.  Buy it when it's on sale, or just replay an earlier Saints Row game."
,Recommended,301910,18506446,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Zelus,"I like the Saints Row universe, I like its characters, humour and atmosphere. Therefore I did enjoy this one too. But I don't think someone could who did not play one of the previous games."
,Recommended,301910,18846212,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,80'S MIAMI BOY,"Short yet fun, it is good to pick up on sale as well. Classy Saints ROW humor and hell of an adventure."
,Recommended,301910,16784971,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TonicBH,"Did you love the ridiculous, overpowered nature of Saints Row IV, and wanted to do more of it in a smaller, more compact space? This is the game for you.Granted, it's fairly short and you'll complete it in a few hours, but if you're like me who doesn't have all the time in the world to finish, it's a perfect length."
,Recommended,301910,18530938,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Jack the ripper  | trade.tf,"And Johny Gat is back to save the world! This time saints row has new historical characters like Shakespeare blackbeard and Vlad  the impaler . Unfortunately in this game you can't customize  your character but that's fine with me.. you can play as Kinzie or Johny Gat. However you can import your customized boss of the third street saints by importing the save of saints row 4. This game is as fun as saints row 4 . This time you play in new Hades in hell.. i don't know where the creator's of saints row get such innovative ideas when iI comes to the story of the game. I mean Satan, aliens wasn't enough! And I never even thought that Shakespeare can sell his soul to satan for fame. The gameplay is just like saints row 4 but now that Johny has wings from his halo Flight is a  harder . As usual you can enjoy the open world of he'll , but demons and the soul's aren't fascinating.  They are so ugly! I highly recommend  this game, it's no less than its previous games. So who's up for kicking Satan's♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,301910,17302015,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ada Wong[λ]™,"You play as Gat and Kinzie taking turns whichever you like, story is nice and love the new weapons and new vehicles that is for sure. Overall this game not bad and love the way how u can summon IMPS to help u kill those enemies and you get a weapon which you can even sit down and shoot enemies with both miniguns so what are you waiting for? Get it now and start playingPros: Simply awesomeCons: No clothing shop and the $$$ grows too slow"
,Recommended,301910,14091638,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,xthesufferingx,10/10 for Gat's Awesome plans
76561197975298716,Recommended,301910,26093423,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,mith767,Fun FPS with irreverent humor and good gameplay.  A little on the short side about 10 hours total definitely worth it on sale though.
76561198029352722,Not Recommended,301910,14732653,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Barrbaric,"Enjoyable while it lasts, but far too short (about 3 hours to complete everything important) for the price tag.  The cutscenes (save one or two) are a narration over still images, and while there is a story there, it would be better to have full in-game cutscenes like every other Saints Row game before it.Maybe buy it if it goes on sale for $5 and you're a big fan of Saints Row 4, because the gameplay is just about identical."
,Recommended,301910,32815860,Posted: 26 June,all,Dar,"This game is really too short to be a $15 game. I bought it at $4 which seems like a fair price for what it is. The game is still a Saints Row game and you can easily get 100% on achievements, but it's definitely more like DLC. If you want this game, I'd buy it while it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,301910,14433246,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Little~Star,"I can't say this game is worth the money I've put into it. I couldn't wait to finish it so I could stop playing it. There's a lot that makes the Saint's Row series one of the most amazing things to me, and this is NOT it. I was looking forward to a cool game where I can play as one of the best Saints and play a cool game. If what I had been promised was literally playing SR3, 4 and everything after it so far, AGAIN, with literally nothing different and really lame. It dragged a lot with the things that weren't good, the missions, which I loved in Saints Row 4, seemed misplaced and absolutely clunky in this game, and really, I can't say ANYTHING was really fun in this game, and I really do love the SR games, but this stripped everything I loved from the series, and even my love of Gat couldn't make me love this game. Really, by the end, all I could ask myself was, ""When do I get to play as my boss with the cool wings?"" because honestly, the fully upgraded wings was the only good thing in this game, and I would have been happier if it had been another DLC for Saint's Row 4, at least then, I wouldn't feel as cheated out of 20$ for something totally glitchy and unfinished. Also, keep having to remind myself it isn't a Bethesda game... Buy it when it's on sale... like, SERIOUS sale..."
,Recommended,301910,24066670,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,itsACoppa,"If you can get it on sale it's worth a good run through, otherwise it's gonna be way to short for normal price, finished it 4.4 hrs"
,Recommended,301910,24251472,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fragged.,"Not long enough to be a full game, not short enough to be DLC. Still fun though"
,Recommended,301910,24070683,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,King Rurokin,"Bought this game today after being a fan of the series for a while, beat it in 5 hours.  Was a great play through, had no problems glitch-wise, the story was funny and kept true to the series nature.  If you haven't played a Saint's Row game in a while, this is a nice refreshing re-entry into the series.  You could easily get more than the 5 hours I put into the game, with all of the extra missions  and challenges, but I pretty much just did the main story missions.  I bought it during the steam sale so it's like $4 right now, defeinitley worth it, pull the trigger on this game!"
,Not Recommended,301910,14156578,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Yolo Ghost,♥♥♥♥ this cant EVEN ♥♥♥♥EN LAUNCH A ♥♥♥♥EN GAME WITHOUT CRASHING STILLL HASENT CHANGEND FUUUUUUUCK
76561198009649309,Not Recommended,301910,14171053,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bunny wearing a magician's hat,"I saw this game and was VERY VERY hyped up for it. i got into the game and damn the hype was still there. things started getting badass and i was ready to get deep into the story when SUDDENLY....They just dropped me into a 4 hour journey of side quests....The most story this game has is a few short cutscenes and  selection of several different endings that once again play a short cutscene. no kidding the ending i got was around 40 seconds long and sounded rushed as hell...sure there are some new activities but more sidequests doesn't really substitue for a main questline. furthermore this game heavily relies on the player having played like, the previous 3 saints row games for most of what is involved in the game to make any sense and so i find it hard to believe a newcomer to the series would have any clue what the heck is going on.there are a few funny moments in this and a few badass ones but the amount of ""moments"" there are is somewhat limited. i can certainly say there was alot of things that caught me off guard during the game and i couldn't help but laugh but then the moment usually went as quickly as it came.alot of features that were in previous games such as cribs, and hubs where you can do things like gun swapping and vehicle customizing are gone and heck, i was looking forward to maybe dressing Gat in some awesome outfits but other than preorder wings even customization in that respect is gone... it would have been nice to have a little more freedom with how to play more than just choosing which of 4 guns you want for a slot.another problem i had was that this game was somewhat short and i had it more or less all finished up in about 4.5 hours. other saints row games have always taken me a fair amount of time and that isn't even including getting collectables. I felt Gat out of Hell was so short that after I finished it i was still in the state of hype i got from starting up the game in the first place.while i do pick on alot of things this game has done badly i will admit the overal looks and design of the game and its characters are fairly badass and certainly make the experience fun and enjoyable. like, who the hell doesn't find it fun to fly around hell then slam down, sit your♥♥♥♥♥into a recliner and blow up a bunch of demons? the concept alone sounds enjoyable. the guns are all very creative aside from the obvious ones that are there for those who prefer normal guns which cant really be excused. i found it kinda easy once i got the Diamond sting as it basically buffed itself up to max level in less than 10 minutes and carried me through the rest of the game.The game itself I feel i enjoyed but it was more because I spent so long hyped up for this i found it hard not to enjoy it. i WANT to say this is a good fun game but with so many things I feel i can pick out wrong with it i cannot help but say its more worth a pass or watching someone play it on youtube. i got this on preorder for a fair amount but i cant see me saying i'd pay much more than £7.50 for this game which is more or less double what steam is asking for it at the point i write this. It hurts me so much to see this after the games from the past in the series because i love the Saints Row series to death. To sum my end views on this game in one scentance i feel this one is a good scentance to go with:""Mad? I'm not mad... just very disapointed..."""
,Recommended,301910,16157117,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ыант ианцс,"The game is nice. Made in the same engine as Saints Row IV. I'd recommend this, although the story can be short if you're just too good at clearing objectives."
76561197990564055,Not Recommended,301910,34263424,Posted: 15 August,all,Johnny,Not worth it. Even in discount this game is a weak copy paste of Saint's Row 4 except that there is no costumization at all or missions - just the same activities found in the previous Saint Rows.
76561198137917895,Recommended,301910,24047958,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,etalien.et,I think you need to have played the previous games to get all of the references in this one. Its a fun game but feels more like it should be a dlc for Saints row !V then a stand alone game a lot of the mechanics and gameplay is the same as Saints row IV and the missions feel a little repetative. If your a big fan of the series like me its worth it just to play as Johnny Gat but it doesn't hold a candle to Saints row III or IV.
,Recommended,301910,24036194,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bioniic,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a fun, relaxing, and satisfying game. You start the game on the ship, with the characters from Saints Row IV, having a birthday party for Kinzie Kensington. Then Matt Miller bring out some sort of demon-summoning board out to tinker with. All of a sudden, The Boss is kidnapped by Satan to marry Jezebel (Satan's Daughter). Then without thinking about their actions, Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington jump into the gateway and find themselves in Hell. After you go to Hell you see the Ultor Building and go towards it to pay Dane a visit. He then gives you the ability of Super Jumping/Flight and Super Sprint. You then go to meet Blackbeard, Shakespeare, Vlad, and the DeWynter twins to receive your four supernatural superpowers (Summon, Stomp, Blast, Aura). You then can start doing loyalty missions for each of your new friends. All of a sudden there is a sceen when Jezebel leaves her room and heads out to hunt for Johnny Gat so she can help him. Then the game kind of cools down after you rescue all of your new friends from Satan's goons. You then do all your missions, challenges, etc. to fill your Satan's attention bar to finally take down the devil himself."
,Recommended,301910,15777034,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,4CCiD3NT,"This is a fun game! If you liked SR4 especially, you will probably like this one as well!Now.. please note that this is an EXPANDALONE game! It's NOT a full game!! The story is VERY short, the level caps at 20, there are only 20 weapons, the car models are significantly low, even the map size is rather small. The graphics are also pretty much the same as in SR4 (don't expect 2015 graphics).The reason I'm telling you this, is because I didn't know how limited (in terms of content, especially compared to the previous SR) this game was and I was a bit put off when I started playing it.HOWEVER, this is still a fun game!! There's a lot of ""secondary"" content that helps extend the gameplay of this game. You'll find your standard SR activities, with some new Diversions, stealing cars, crashing stuff, collecting stuff etc etc. That's all there!!!So yeah.. I am recommending this game, but keep those things in mind when buying to avoid surprises!!!"
,Recommended,301910,14107713,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vega,"It's been 24 Hours and 81% Finished, But it's worth it! This game is something I'd play more than once. Short and Fun. Keep it coming Volition <3"
76561198018597118,Recommended,301910,24842558,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,EpicBlue,Grate game awsome Story  a bit short thow :D
,Not Recommended,301910,21293614,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,lulz,Crap
,Not Recommended,301910,24320909,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Officer Bananas,"Remember all the stuff you liked about Saint's Row 4?Well take like 2/3 of it away and add on like 1/5 extra.Gat Out of Hell really isn't a bad game, but it's not a good one either. In my opinion this game is the definition of mediocre.The new story is uninspired, the new setting is a cool idea, but also very small and underutilized, and the way I see it there really isn't much reason to own this game.This game just has so much less than SR4 (fewer weapons, fewer powers, zero customization) while introducing next to nothing outside of a new coat of paint on the main city and some new cutscenes.I don't hate Gat out of Hell, but I also don't like it.I reccomend that anyone interested in playing this game just buy Saints Row 4 instead.Already own SR 4? Well then buy a bit of DLC and replay the game. Chances are you'll have more fun with that than with this."
,Not Recommended,301910,14358894,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ermath,"Been there, done that. It grows old very, very fast."
,Recommended,301910,14091379,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wolvris,"It's not quite a full saints row game, not quite a DLC... I think they did it perfectly. For fans of saints row this should be a no brainer. You play as Gat. It's a big deal to fans of the series {it was for me}. I did miss the character customization, but the character I have as my normal toon was a part of the show... sort of. The point is that this is a game worth the 20 bones. It's fun and I guess that is what counts. I played for over 7 hours today, launch day, and that should say something about the game. =) enjoy."
76561197978410161,Recommended,301910,14150056,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Vavictus,"Not too bad for an expansion, but like other articles I've read it's short on main mission type content. It's great so far and I'd recommend it to anyone of my friends!"
76561198026645645,Recommended,301910,26177566,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Vaalic,Punching the Devil in the face haha. Love the humour in this series.
,Recommended,301910,26186423,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Arcades,"Awesome spin-off!If you played Saint's Row IV you'll find a lot of previous mechanics and as in that game the powers are the main focus of the game. But while in the previous game they mixed with the old style of the third chapter, here powers fits much better. Because you are in hell and you fight against deamons!The story is nice: your boss (which, if you own a previous game of the saga, will be your previous character) is sucked into Hell because he caused so much destruction and chaos that Satan wants you to marry his daughter. Gat and Kenzy jumps into hell to save you.Many minigames comes from the previous title and this is good as they were really enjoyable, many more are new and nice.In this game Flight is the most important power as you will need it to gather the Soul Cluster to improve powers and to move back and forth in the city.  Flight is really enjoyable and as the fourth chapter you can still use cars and vehicles but you'll mostly flight or sprint although here flight is really nice and you will not miss using vehicles (as the customization and power up of those is missing, which makes sense.I really reccomend this game, fun and cool as the previous titles, shorter but anyway enjoyable (and cheaper)."
76561198060575670,Recommended,301910,22872899,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,✞Diccy ✞,"The Fifth Circle of Hell is where the wrathful and sullen are punished for their sins. Transported on a boat by Phlegyas, Dante and Virgil see the wrathful fighting each other on the surface of the river Styx and the sullen gurgling beneath the surface of the water. Again, the punishment reflects the type of the sin committed during lifetime. While passing through, the poets are approached by Filippo Argenti, a prominent Florentine politician who confiscated Dante’s property after his expulsion from Florence.The Seventh Circle of Hell is divided into three rings. The Outer Ring houses murderers and others who were violent to other people and property. Here, Dante sees Alexander the Great (disputed), Dionysius I of Syracuse, Guy de Montfort and many other notable historical and mythological figures such as the Centaurus, sank into a river of boiling blood and fire. In the Middle Ring, the poet sees suicides who have been turned into trees and bushes which are fed upon by harpies. But he also sees here profligates, chased and torn to pieces by dogs. In the Inner Ring are blasphemers and sodomites, residing in a desert of burning sand and burning rain falling from the sky."
76561198090026169,Recommended,301910,22600665,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JaS V,If you are a Saint row 3/4 lover you will sure love this spin off series. Flying is the next BIG power in the saint row series. It awesome to fly. Totally worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,301910,14152019,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,antonyfrn,"Total reskin of the last game, which looks worse than Saints Row 4 with all the fun of the SR games gone. Give the £15 to charity or go get a take away will be a better investment."
,Recommended,301910,31419639,Posted: 28 April,all,GRtist,"This is one of those games where a ""mixed"" recommendation would come in handy, because it's certainly a Saint's Row game, but it's really not a great one. There are so many staples of the SR series present: The over-the-top scenarios, the humor, the characters, the open world, the activities. So why then, does this feel like a bite-sized SR experience?Well, for all the good this game does, it also gets a lot wrong, and it's missing some critical features which would bring this on-par with SR IV. Let's start with the most obvious ones.-Weapons. Where are the weapons? You're telling me that we're literally IN HELL, and you don't have some ridiculous weapons? SRIV had a dubstep gun, and giant purple♥♥♥♥♥♥♥called ""the penetrator"", but what does GOH have? A frat paddle and a gold-plated SMG?-Customization. I can let this one slide because you've got a pre-fabbed character, the iconic Johnny Gat, and Kinzie Kensington.I never really customized cars since the super-powered antics of SR IV (since you could run/jump faster than any vehicle could travel). But it would be nice to have homies to customize, a crib to customize, all of the fun customization options that made the other games great. Of course, none of this really matters since:-You don't have time. Seriously, with each side mission you complete, a small meter fills up, and when that meter reaches certain incriments you have to play an unavoidable story mission. Now, don't get me wrong I enjoy the story missions, but the thing that made them all great (SR 3, especially) was being able to play through them at my pace. When it's all said and done, what reason do I have to continue doing the rest of the game's activities when I'm no longer working towards anything? Am I going to gain more experience to gain abilities, or more money to help me buy the scarce, cheap weapons offered? What are any of those things going to help me do? I think this was a major shortcoming by the devs.While it has some major glaring problems which may stop is just short of being a genuinely enjoyable Saints Row game, I did still have fun in the 4-ish hours it took me to play it through start to finish, but it may have been more because I was laughing at all of the well-written jokes, rather than the actual gameplay.At the end of the day, I may only be reluctantly recommending this because I'm a die-hard Saints Row fan, and for very few other reasons than that."
,Not Recommended,301910,23849362,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mbradley1992,"I was really interested in this as a small bite-sized DLC for Saints Row IV. I genuinely expected nothing less than a couple hours of fun, over the top Saints Row action. The story and characters are what you'd expect from a Saints game, no complaints there. I don't even care so much that it's easy to complete in about 2 hours if you're trying. The thing that makes this so disappointing is WHAT you complete in 2 hours. You get about 5 missions, half of which are locked behind side activities. ""Go here, kill 50 of these enemies with this gun"". Repeat. Repeat. Story mission. Repeat side activity. Repeat. Story mission. It's just boring. There's no other way to describe it. After a little over an hour, I have no desire to keep going. I'd honestly rather open Saints Row 3 or 4 again and play through that.Also, the technical issues this thing has are perplexing. Saints Row IV was WAY more demanding technically, and it ran like butter on my PC. This piece of DLC drops the framerate to below 30 constantly, causing a jerky and hectic visual experience. It doesn't run well, especially not when compared to Saints Row IV."
,Recommended,301910,34180328,Posted: 11 August,all,Roxas,"worth it if it's on sale, only took me 4 hours to beat it."
,Not Recommended,301910,14193369,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,JDP,"I'd like to preface this by saying I am a fan of the Saints Row series, and have played and beaten every game they've released thus far.For the price of $20, you have a certain expectation. The expectation is that while the game isn't going to be a 30 or 60 hour game that you'll at least get a decent chunk of time out of it. When playing through Gat out of Hell I actively was trying to avoid triggering the story events. Somehow I still managed to complete the story in a mere three hours. Meaning if I had been actively trying to blow through the story rather than just flying around collecting clusters I'd have probably ironed it out in an hour and a half to two hours.The activities are very short, and especially with the time bonus you can acquire for your character very easily it is almost trivial to get gold. So again, I screwed around and wasted time and I still managed to blow through it in about five and a half hours. What that means is if I was just going balls to the wall, the entire map could have been 100% completed in three hours. All that remains after that is some ""kill this many of this enemy"" challenges that equates to busy work just to justify the achievement to play the game for 20 hours.I enjoy killing stuff in games as much as the next person, but if I've 100% completed the game I'm very unlikely to just sit there killing things just to complete pointless challenges when I could very easily direct my time toward a different game which would provide me with a much more fufilling experience. Having pointless little challenges is fine. They did it well enough in SR3, and SR4. Having it be the bulk of the game is terrible.The flying feels good. The gameplay is very similar to SR4, and thus remains fun. Gameplay wise the game is enjoyable. If this was a simple five dollar DLC for SR4 it would have been fine. As a stand alone game for 20 bucks you will likely feel as if you have been ripped off. It's for that reason I am unable to recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,301910,28746527,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Silk,"Cannot rebind various keys & no known workaround. Steam refused refund. Unplayable for those that need to rebind. So dissapointing - SR4 worked fine, this is using the same engine, so they've taken something perfect and... broken it? Why?"
,Recommended,301910,25856617,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sylveonica,Very Good
,Recommended,301910,26526192,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Good content for cheap. SR4 in Hell, essentially."
76561198001216471,Not Recommended,301910,32934658,Posted: 28 June,all,drkieros,Would have been ok if they just added a soundtrack
,Not Recommended,301910,14147729,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Strider,"To be honest I was fairly disappointed in how much this game was lacking in. Don't get me wrong I love the Saints Row franchise, especially when they decided to take a turn in how the content was written in a much more humorous and less serious tone that sets the franchise apart in comparison to your regular ""let's run a gang and screw the city over while we're at it"" open world kind of game (e.g Grand Theft Auto, which was what a lot of people compared it to in SR I, II). I understand that this game was not produced to be the penultimate sequel to be taken as Saints Row V, but it isn't what every fan-boy here is calling an ""expansion"" either. It's a stand-alone game, using the engine and assets from the previous game, it is NOT an expansion or DLC to Saints Row IV, which is what everyone seems to be using as an excuse for defending the lack of gameplay. For the sake of everyone's personal subjectivity, I'm going to avoid arguing about the price tag altogether in this review because as it stands, it is a very humble asking price for this game.First of all, I wasn't disappointed in the story at all, oh no, I loved the idea of the Saints actually BEING in hell and wreaking havoc, not a simulation of it gaining sentience (a-la Enter the Dominatrix) which was what I originally thought this was going to be. Overall the story was cool - it wasn't the best thing you could expect from a follow up of the moments after overthrowing the Zin Empire, but it was cool nevertheless. The game uses several sets of loyalty missions in the form of side quests/mini games similar to the ones from the previous games to progress the story line, which is in my opinion was a terrible form of execution. The 7 deadly sin weapons featured in the trailers are not obtained through story progression either (save for one, the other is purchased as any ordinary weapon), but through taking over districts in New Hades and other forms of mini-game completion. There were a decent amount of animated cutscenes (yes, I love the in-game cutscenes, it's a thing I've grown fond of when you can see your own Saint in one) but a lot of them relied on actual cuts in the cutscenes from one scene to another through a story book page reading in between, it's a nice style but it really shows that they opted not to animate these scenes entirely and just went for story book page camera pans. Many interactions with the supporting cast lacked a cutscene altogether except for an introductory cutscene the first time your character meets them.The final boss battlewas severely underwhelming, Satan teleports around his temple taunting you with the same lines over and over again and repeating the same tricks with no additional dialogue as you progress whatsoever. It was basically the same thing as the final battle with Zinyak in SR4 minus the dramatic undertones and in a smaller room. You kick Satan's♥♥♥♥♥ and you get to choose 5 different possible endings, each of these probably connecting to SR5.One thing I was disappointed about was probably the potential for this game to have replayability: it has close to no replayability, sure there are 5 different endings but you could just revert your save and try again. I think the lack of customization options was one of the biggest problems here in addition to that. I'm fine with not being able to customize the outfits of Johnny and Kinzie, but no other customization options whatsoever? Also besides all of that, my major disappointment is the lack of screen time for Kinzie - she was advertised to have an equivalent role in saving the Boss, but where is Kinzie in the majority of the cutscenes? The cutscenes always show Johnny as the main character taking the reigns and Kinzie will always be the supporting character instead, the whole game is a homage to Johnny Gat's awesomeness (hence the play on words in the title), but could they not have gave Kinzie just the same amount of glory? Yes, you still have the ability to play as Kinzie but the point here is the cutscenes and certain addressings do not acknowledge Kinzie's presence and role in the rescue the same way it does for Johnny.Now I've had a lot to complain about but let's get to the good parts of this game including improvements on old aspects. First of all, let's bring up the flying mechanics, at first they were a little hard to grasp but after a while of playing the game and gaining upgrades, flying is probably the best part about this game in all honesty. While in Saints Row IV I still liked driving around because the cars looked cool and over long distances driving can be a lot easier not to mention running around gets a little boring after a while, in Gat out of Hell the cars are rust buckets of the cars from SR4 and have no radio or aesthetic modifications. It's pretty obvious that you were probably not expected to pay attention to any of these cars because there are only about 6 different vehicles in this game - a majority of which are reskinned models. It's apparent that you were expected to enjoy the flight mechanics, which I really did! Some of the new superpowers are pretty cool too, though they are a little nerfed down version of their SR4 counterparts, certain base functions of the versions from SR4 need to be unlocked as upgrades instead. The 7 deadly sin weapons are great too, they are all fantastic in their own right, as are some of the new hell-themed weapons included along as part of the base armory, and if you're not comfortable with new weapons, Ultor has supplied you with some guns you are more familiar with.As I have mentioned earlier, most of the story is great too. What the game lacks in quantity they make up for in quality, in the form of supporting characters, three historical figures who are now residents in hell: (DJ) Shakespeare, Blackbeard the pirate and Vlad the Impaler. Casted along side them are old enemies: Viola(holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I did not know she was voiced by Sasha Grey) and Kiki Dewynter, Dane Vogel of Ultor and Dex from all the way back in the first game, which you kill whenever you see what's left of his body wandering the streets over and over again. The dialogue between all of the characters in this game are golden, Vlad has spent hundreds of years in agony in an asylum using children's music as psychological torture, Blackbeard has been hiding away trying to rebuild his ship, Shakespeare speaks in the 3rd person and is also a DJ at a nightclub in hell, Dane Vogel is still an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who wants to make money no matter what, and the Dewynter sisters are still making enemies. Your interactions with these characters are interesting to say the least, but there was potential for so much more character development among them all, especially for Jezebel, Satan's sweet daughter who refuses to agree to her arranged marriage with the Boss.I'm gonna close this review with my least favorite and most favorite part of this game: the amount of content presented to further the plot progression AND my favorite part would be the one scene in the game where Satan and Jezebel, Johnny and Kinzie perform a full-on Disney musical duet number with each other which goes on for a little under 5 minutes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvAJIVSLqK4"
,Recommended,301910,14455445,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Skylynx,"Gat out of Hell is a beautiful game, it can be glitchy here and there but take that out and it is a very fun game.The Story of you, The Boss of the Saints, is sucked into hell, your life depends in the hands of Johnny Gat and Kinzie, which means you play as Gat or Kinzie in this game.Each Character is funny in their own way, they even bring back characters from the dead such as Dane, the Twins, Vlad and few others.The story is funny and entertaining, each character unquie and the powers you gain are amazing!Even thou this is a expansion on Saints Row IV but in Gat out of Hell you gain the powers of Flight (With the best wings you will ever see!), Super Sprint, Summons, Stomp, blast and Aura.And the Weapons feature the Seven Deadly Sins in the form of weapons, however there is one gun that you must get from Satan's own Bodygurad, Genki. Yes, everyone's loveable man-cat Genki!But all together this game is fun, funny and hours of fun! 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,301910,14316851,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,highonjuice,"All in all, it feels like there was a minimal effort put into this game. Maybe Gat out of Hell was released to tide fans over due to the lack of SRV? Others disagree, but I feel like this game was more of the norm with a lack of originality."
,Not Recommended,301910,28910595,Posted: 1 January,all,illusionist,"Please stop ♥♥♥♥in' singing, it's cringe"
,Recommended,301910,14119496,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Madhunter,Flying just makes this game
,Recommended,301910,27267385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♡Kristina:3,Классная
,Not Recommended,301910,26689831,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spongie,"Linux review here.You can't rebind most of the keys (randomly broken?), audio occationally gets distorted prompting a restart, game crashes on exit. Almost as bad stability as SR2, even though it looks to be based off the SR4 engine. It is weird, because SR4 is almost flawless,Don't get this, I just applied for a refund."
,Not Recommended,301910,33489566,Posted: 12 July,all,Josh,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell ReviewPros:* New flying mechanics make it pretty fun to get around the map* Fun gameplay* New weapons and abillities* A big open world with a good amount of eastereggs* New enemies and mini-bosses (Archdukes)its very satisfying to punch the devil in the faceCons:* A lot of filler compared to other Saints Row games.* some filler missions are mandatory to do to advance in the story, and they aren't too bad, but they can get tedious at times.* The cameos are very bizarre at times.. (Shakespear and Blackbeard... really?)* Very short, 2-3 hours to complete it, I honestly think it should of been a DLC.* Preordering gets you something that you can buy as ""DLC""* This is definitely a completionist game.* Loses the energy from other Saints Row games, takes a more serious then ""silly"" kind of way (If you consider fighting the devil serious)Overall:Saints Row: Gat out of Hell fallts short then other Saints Row games, and is more of a DLC then an actually game.7/10"
,Not Recommended,301910,24501101,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sailor Hulkmaster,"*short*Volition just broke (bugs) and abandoned the game*long*I am, by myself, very big fan of Saints Row series, and i've enjoed that game, when it first released and now i was planning to play it once again with friends but..i don't know how, but they broke it!controls sucks!sprint + jump doesnt workflap doesnt work...i could not play further, so i cant say what's putta there.. but i guess just more bugs"
,Recommended,301910,14087511,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Archmage_Lithan,"It's awesome, it's Saints Row, and funnily enough the flight was something I imagined being in SR 4, only glitchs i've run into so far are an audio glitch in the hub menu and the cutscene before the final boss not actually playing, it played the opening cutscene with the subtitles of the pre-final boss cutscene, though the lack of aircraft and radio is a bit dissapointing"
,Not Recommended,301910,26172712,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,bayramT,"I think it's the worst game in the franchise. I recommend you not to buy it and buy SR3, SR4 or if you already have those, buy them to your friends and play them together. It's boring and it's not going with the SR concept.+ Gameplay.+ Graphics.- Wrong name, it shouldn't have been a Saint's Row.- Boring and short story.3/10"
76561197967212524,Recommended,301910,34628058,Posted: 31 August,all,Oakatsura,"Eh Meh... Ok... its a Saint's Row 4.5 Not Quite 5, not Quite 4, not quite what I was expecting kind of a weird twist on how the Saint's whole Angel in Demon Dominion kind puts a whole new spin on the game, Agents of Mayhem kind of the same, not quite 5 not quite 4, somewhere in 4.75... well to be honest 4.60.But seriously, better as an expansion not as a standalone."
76561198035684201,Not Recommended,301910,25578847,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,i.R_B0N3S,"Stand alone DLC for Saint's Row 4, you're better off getting a base game instead.Was worth the 2 or 3 dollars on sale, but no more."
,Recommended,301910,17022760,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"A mini-size standalone expansion to SRIV. Short campaign but a lot to do, pretty great graphics + superpowers and you can play as Kinzie which is great."
76561198354208059,Recommended,301910,34824481,Posted: 8 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Awesome as always. If you're a fan of Saints Row franchise then you defenetely gotta play this one too.P.S Thx for lettin' us play as Kinzie, that was Hell of a fun."
,Recommended,301910,21112409,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Clarky,"Not even joking, thought this game was going to be quite crap. but i tried it and wow, this game isnt really clever or amazing story its just hella fun like i cant stop playing this now aha. this is very fun game if your looking for fun and quite a humorous storyline! definitely a buy!"
,Recommended,301910,14099526,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blasphemous,"Can't even start a new game, just crashes to desktop.10/10Edit:  Had to change my Saints Row IV character's hair to a type that wasn't DLC.  So random..."
,Not Recommended,301910,33245905,Posted: 4 July,all,Freieichler Samuel,"Too much SRIV. Didn't pay much for it, but most of the mechanics are just copy paste."
,Not Recommended,301910,33069406,Posted: 30 June,all,<ERROR NAME>,Kinda hard to beat when enemies that are needed to complete a mission spawn outside the map
,Not Recommended,301910,33156806,Posted: 2 July,all,Batfox,"Sadly i don't recommend this game. It is short, repetetive, kind of bad story and feels like it was rushed.I love Saints Row. One of my favorite franchises i have played. This has to be the worst. It has barely even 4 hours of story.But if you are like me (Addicted to Saints Row) then buy it. It gives some depth on some of the characters and that, i like.Some other things that are bad about it is that you can't customize your character because you are locked to play as Kinzie or Gat. You can't customize your cars either.Well, This was my first review of a game so don't expect it to be any good.That is all for me."
,Recommended,301910,18519129,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Interactive Civilian,"Just as much fun and over-the top craziness as you would expect from a Saints Row game. The only negative I have of this game is that it is really grindy to complete all of the challenges to get that achievement (which I guess is the point of that achievement, natch ;) ). If you don't care about that or don't mind that, then the game is nothing but fun, with a musical number! :DDid you like Saints Row the Third and Saints Row IV? Then you also want this. :)"
,Recommended,301910,14105212,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TheDeadEagle,Pros:Awesome New WeaponsNew CharacterThis Isn't Actually SR5Go Through Hell And Back To Save The Boss (Litterly)Cons:Gat Was A Zombie In Saints Row 3 (Kill Him Already!)Feels More Like DLCNo CustomizationThe PriceSimple Repeat Storyline (Do Activities Over And Over)Pretty Much Just Reskinned PowersOverall This Is A Fun Game And I Recommend It (Also The Money Will Be Going To Make Saints Row 5)
,Recommended,301910,14125202,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,RomireOnline,"The game is worth the money to buyYou can choose to play either Kenzie or GatHowever you play it, Its a fun little standalone xpac"
,Not Recommended,301910,18139416,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Aisling,"Trying to pass the tutorial was the biggest disaster, and it was so frustrating. Stupid tutorial where you try to flap the wings to fly to other islands but every time you dive down into the bloody ground."
,Recommended,301910,20923675,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,2fast4dad,"So, going into this game I thought.. well this could either be a really fun Saints Row game or A REALLY FUN SAINTS ROW GAME! This game was really good, despite its short lenght, it has allot of fun to it. I really enjoy trying to get all the collectables in a game, and this did make me feel like I had to do that. The story was short so I felt like I needed to do and complete EVERYTHING! I got allot more imersed in this game and I felt so overwhelmd even though it was such a short game. The one thing I don't (well two) like is that you cannot create a character and the cost of the game. The cost of this game should not be what it is, it's $20 USD and I think for how much gameplay it offers, is not acceptable. (keep in mind I got this game in the holiday steam sale so it was like $8 USD for me) Overall this game was great and I found myself playing this late into the hours of a school night."
76561198070040598,Recommended,301910,14482603,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,sparkling eyes,"The game took all best from 2 previous parts: several kinds of missions, super powers ( other skins), same grachics. Map is much smaller and customization was removed. The most cool thing which was added that Johny and Kinzie fly in hell ( especially when you fully upgraded this ability). Unfortunately half of game consists of additional missions. From weapons are best 7 deadly sins.Advantages: game is not worse than previous parts; theme of hell; creative cutscenesDisadvantages: not many new ideas; just new skins; short story7,4/10"
,Recommended,301910,26014788,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kas,very fun game should try it out but i do wish they add mods on it..realy do.
,Recommended,301910,14128106,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,living breathing sleeping turd,What does this game have apart from the other games that isn't obvious in yer face?Kinzies bouncing boobs.20000000/10000
,Not Recommended,301910,25186223,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Salah,"Well, have you been disappointed by SR4? get ready to be disappointed by this one too, the previous SR was very rushed, very repetitive and very fast paced, this one is no different, except u can add that its much shorter and even more rush made. some of you may say, well thats what an expansion is, but well atleast an expansion or a dlc should atleast use the base game resources? but this one seemed like it was made in a basement or something.       4/10 rating , don't buy it unless its on a 90% discount totally not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,301910,30961985,Posted: 5 April,all,drxylus,"I finished the story in 4 hours, which is too short for me.I played side-missions for an hour and got bored"
,Recommended,301910,34273861,Posted: 16 August,all,[DGR] Gikiller,"i finished the game in one runi just cant quit playing itf*ck you devs this game is awesomeo----------------------------------------------------oEDIT: After playing this stand alone DLC for a whilei started to get bored of it, so dont expect too much to come out of this oneits playable in the first 8/9 Hours then you wanna remove iti didnt, because iam an achievement hunter so i gotta do all the challanges and these thingsi didnt had a blast while playing it tbh it got so repetitive like.. kill 100 with handgun kill 100 with your SMG etc...its like the game is trying to longer the gameplay time but it failed..Failed so bad !o----------------------------------------------------oWhat iam trying to say is: the game dosent have a playable challangesthe side missions is also fun at the first run then it get also repetitiveBeing honest i dont know if i should Recommend it or not guess i will Recommend it for the sake of the first 8 fun hours.NOTE: Don't mind the spell Errors that you may find because english is not my mother language"
76561198140572309,Recommended,301910,24254860,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pipylipsag,Just a game I liked.
,Not Recommended,301910,30481772,Posted: 12 March,all,olvr,Sad reminder of what saints row has become.
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,301910,26608017,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dire,"Let's get this straight: For 15 bucks this is a scam. I got this during a sale or bundle or whatever, so it's ""ok"", but essentially this game has 0 missions and almost no story. Instead the narrative is to complete loyalty missions for your various ""allies"" in hell (1 for each district). The initial missions are kind of ok, but after that it's just side missions, side missions, side missions. At least you will not have to do them thousands of times, because by the time you've completed 3 of your 5 allies the game can be completed, since then you have caused enough mayhem to challenge the devil. There's a bit of fun dialogue and story with his daughter, but that's about it. You go on to fight the devil in a straight on fire fight and the game ends. You can then choose from 5 different 10 second endings...yay.Apart from that you will spend your time collecting ""soul orbs"" just like in Saints Row 4. You will also be running up skyscrapers and flying around (instead of megajumping or whatever it was in 4, I forgot). Anyway, it's just way too much effort for what's in the package. If this was a 5 dollar DLC, maybe worth it.Saints Row 4 was imho already stretching it, since it was still almost the same gameplay and even the same city, just transformed. Guess what, it's still the same city and hell looks kinda boring. Gunplay is as boring as ever of course, and your hell powers, I dunno, there was only 1 I ever felt the need to use regularly and that's the hell stomp, which, when upgraded, can just about kill almost anything with 1 hit and has an aoe effect. I spent way too much time running around completing missions and collecting stuff I didn't need to and I completed the game in 4 hours. I'd say you can do it in 2, possibly even 1 hour. So, if a bunch of side quests and a handful of story missions is worth 15 bucks to you and you need another Saints fix, go ahead, otherwise skip this or wait for a DEEP discount."
,Not Recommended,301910,24003004,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lapito,Worst saints row story ever.
,Not Recommended,301910,14132936,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DarkEdgeLord666,"1. 5 hours gameplay.2. No apperiance customisation.3. No gun customisation, only default SR 3-4 upgrades.4. No city control.5. Old superpowers doing basically the same.6. Lack of story.7. Lack of weapons.8. Lack of enemies.9. Lack of funny Saints Row-style jokes.10. Actually good Disney-like songs. But very few.11. ♥♥♥♥ing clusters grinding,12. Only few hommies.13. Costs like SR 3 or 4.14. Same ♥♥♥♥ing engine. But somehow city and flying looks better then in SR 4.NO/10♥♥♥♥ing give me my money back."
,Not Recommended,301910,23620378,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gemah ~ Suddenly Doggo,"I really liked playing this game, but I didn't quite like this game. It's a stand-alone expansion that's too big to be another DLC, but still too small to be it's own thing. It features plenty of new content (despite being partially recycled from SRIV) but it feels like a mini SRIV with hell and demons instead of the simulation and aliens. That wouldn't be an issue if the game was either:A) Shorter, more mission focused and with less collectibles and more story/narration, or;B) Longer, with more features and more relevant to the the ""main"" game.The best way to put in words why I can't recommend this game is that it feels bigger than it's supposed to be.This game can be beaten under 2 hours if you just rush things, which makes 100% completing kinda pointless since there's a considerable amount of content that can easily ignored."
,Not Recommended,301910,14191952,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Simbiat,"Again, this is more like an addon, rather than a full game. If with SR4 we could swallow it, I won't recommend doing it again. Visually it loks interesting, but it lacks the charm of previous games, evne. Humor is there, but you do not have that much actual quests to feel it. I mean come on: the purpose of the game is to complete side activities! Yay! I mean, in SR4 they presented as homies quests, so they at least had some more meaning. Here it's side activities for side activities' sake."
,Not Recommended,301910,33697234,Posted: 21 July,all,Chavo,"Did you like Saints Row 3? Try Saints Row 4. It's like Saints Row 3 if it wasn't as good. This game is like Saints Row 4 if it wasn't as good, and it was all red."
,Not Recommended,301910,14285388,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,XenomorpH,"Hey come on! Actually this is re-skin of Saints Row 4! a little disappointing from Saints Row Series. Not as expected. No radio function, no character, car, weapon or any other customization. Short campaign, only took 2-3 hours to out of campaign. Mostly replaced by side quest and activites.Get Saints Row 4 if you do not already own it otherwise wait for this to be heavily discounted before you purchase it. It most certainly isn't worth $20.00"
76561198017263840,Not Recommended,301910,14169615,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GokkeSokken Aka Glorbiie,"The game itself is really great, but it's just too short to be wortth 20€.. When I decided to save my game after 5 hours I noticed I was 60% through the game already.If you like Saints Row and it's on sale for 5€ sure, go ahead, but not more than that."
,Not Recommended,301910,31147042,Posted: 14 April,all,Rosemon,Short.
,Recommended,301910,14102586,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,gFunk,"Love it so far, check out my video where i became a flying starfish for a few secondshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379064460"
,Recommended,301910,24434752,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,🎃HauntEDGX🎃,"So we first fought Gangs, then More Gangs, then Aliens, Now we fight Demons... THIS IS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER!"
,Not Recommended,301910,23955630,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pho,"Its just boring, the game stopped being fun after Saints Row III"
,Recommended,301910,14116315,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,sozo-teki.exe,"You are going to hell... literally.This is something reccommend if you have a hard day and you decided to ""bust a cap"" in the devil. Nothing more relaxing than getting the devil under your feet."
,Recommended,301910,14151795,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ken Pallav,"So, an big standalone DLC for Saints Row 4.Alot better than SR4, and alot of fun, jokes are better and new city is more living, this time you are in hell. There are just very few main missions, most of game stands on activities and city takeover to get satan mad, but its fun. You can play as everyones favorite Johnny Gat or Kinzie to save boss (Character loads from SR4 if you have one). New activites and new takeover minigames, including stealing APC s, killing Dex. Also there are collectables, again clusters and texts, comments and pirate chests, drive thrus. Instead of people, now are souls and instead of police are demons, its fun... new weapons (7 special ones). Did i say you meet again with Nade and Ultor, there is also pirate and shakespeare, and some musical concert at half of story in the game.Flying is better, now you have wings, and also harder until you get used. About bad things, less vehicles, no radio, no tuning, no clothes and things like that...After all, its a great game and alot of fun... Short, for story goes about 4 hours, 8 hours to do 100%.Did i mention that demons drive monstertrucks, and Ambulance kills people instead of saving them? :D What more do you need?"
,Recommended,301910,14599650,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,i2k011,Did you / do you like Saints Row-series? Do you like stories of Saints Row: The Third and Saints Row IV has led? If you do then this episode is must have for you.And you'll love it.
76561198048410464,Not Recommended,301910,15621219,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Andy,I enjoi saints row 2 more 5/10
,Recommended,301910,14089251,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dragonlord3344,It is exactly what is sets out to do.
,Recommended,301910,14607337,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zael,The flying in this game is how I had hoped Saints Row IV would've done it. Top notch.
,Recommended,301910,14273447,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Red,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is exactly what it has been advertised as, an expansion and reskin of Saints Row IV. Play as Gat or Kinzie to takeover Hell. Lots of minigames, activities, challenges and tons of collectibles as the others were. The flight system with wings in this game is in my opinion amazing and I personally liked it more than the superpowers in IV, bit tricky to learn at first but becomes very fun very fast. Of course with every saints row game the weapons are always a selling point and it didnt disappoint this time around with the Seven Deadly Sins. What this game lacks however is a structured main campaign and from that a lack of dialogue. If you are a fan of saints row then this will be just as fun as the third and IV, but if you are semi-new to the series you might find the lack of campaign very off-putting and as such I can only recommend this game to true fans and if you arn't wait until a sale to pick it up. 7/10"
,Recommended,301910,22922372,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,PennyWise,Very Fun Game but short story... =) Finished it in 5 hours 8/10
,Recommended,301910,14148419,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BombermanX,"Game is quick, about half as long as SR4, worth the half price. Lots of funny things. tl;dr get it"
76561198045382256,Not Recommended,301910,24105473,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Bob1004,"The gameplay perfectly recreates the setting of hell: It is torturous. While I love the Saints Row series, this installment takes the worst elements of IV and multiplies them. While the mini-games were ok in that, it was because of their brevity. The same minigames are drawn out here, just too long for it to be enjoyable.The ragdolling is seriously out of hand. I spent equal amount of times being thrown around than actually playing the game. Similarly, they thought that the addition of anti-air defences to a game where flying is the only way around would be a fun addition. It is not. When trying to get from A to B you have to choices: (a) Stop and fight each of the 30 something AA towers or be shot down constantly and you guessed ragdoll and be interrupted.The story is entertaining, although the actual story portion is pretty short. There is an intro and a loyalty mission for each of the 5 allies, but it hardly gives a lot of personality them. The musical number is true Saints Row fun though.Overall, this is a DLC that is let down by the fact that the developer tried to stretch it into a standalone game. While I enjoyed the story, by the end the character's repetitive grunts when ragdolling (all the time) or being on fire (all the time when not ragdolling) is matched by my own. It is also not a good sign that it runs out of story content before the arbitrary level cap for the final mission is reached (which the game seems to be smugly aware of) resulting in contextless side activity grinding.Get it on sale if a huge Saints Row fan. Otherwise don't bother. And the developer thought you would want to play this 5 times to unlock all the endings. Sigh..."
,Recommended,301910,14094767,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mushy-93,"$20 bucks is a wee bit steep but it is a fun game. It took me about 4.5 hours to finish the game put it easly has 8 hours more of junk to do if I want to get 100% compleation.I would recomend playing the game in Co-Op mode as if will really give it a extra diynamic.This game is more or less Saints Row 5 (you still have essentualy the same powers) in a diffrent location (hell) but with no customisation (not really a biggy). (and of course a diffent story)If you don't know you can buy all the Saints Row games and there DLC (like a $300 MSRP value) for like $15 at certion times throught the year. I recomed you do that because the SR series is a historic, epic saga."
,Not Recommended,301910,26288867,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✪SH1n,มันไม่ค่อยสนุกอะ รู้สึกว่าภาคเก่ามีอะไรสนุกกว่ามากเลย
76561198008337843,Not Recommended,301910,22502637,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,✠Wolfe1924✠,Crashes on start up after logo stays black screengame has been out long enough theres no reason for it to be this much of a mess considering saints row 3 and 4 run smoothly
,Recommended,301910,14092159,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,zigga,"this game is the story of a bond between man and demon. its a vast journey, including going through many verses of singing, and killing stuff. it all repays in the end when true love is found.saints row: disney edition is a great game 10/10"
,Recommended,301910,14088592,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Take the fun gameplay from Saints Row 4 and mix in a new story, a couple of new weapons, and a flight power, and you've got a reason to revisit the Saints Row universe. Still the fun you'd expect out of the franchise, but the humor in particular got me on several levels that I wasn't expecting. Just all around good times here.For more first Impressions and gameplay commentary:http://youtu.be/bBgSu-i8J2k"
76561197997694148,Not Recommended,301910,24079488,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,eldersphinx,"Entertaining, but you'd better be able to get it running yourself.My first attempt to install and run this game led directly to a failure to launch, via ""Error Code 2"".  Steam tech support was able to quickly send me instructions to flushconfig and get me into the game, unfortunately every attempt to start a new campaign crashed to desktop.  Deep Silver ""Tech Support"" demanded full system specs and tried to get me to upgrade my video drivers.  I told them that my video drivers were fully up to date; then did a bit of poking around my own system directory and realized the game did not have write access to its own goddamn save folder.  A bit of permissions editing and I was off on an adventure that was short, derivative of Saints Row 4 but still interesting.Five days after I fixed the game myself, Deep Silver wrote back to point out that my video driver was from 2013.  Thanks for the factoid, guys."
,Not Recommended,301910,24071063,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arclayn,"I love the intro as it is pure Saints Row comedy gold.  However, actually playing this came to an immediate grinding halt when I discovered some of my key bindings weren't actualy bound.  Some key bindings were set, but some are just flat out rejected.  This is particularly troublesome for me since I strongly prefer QWES for movement, and Q will not bind for left steering in vehicles.Turns out this bug has been known since Jan 2015, and a year and a half later (this review written in July 2016) has not seen a fix from Volition.  Don't believe me?  See these forum threads below:https://steamcommunity.com/app/301910/discussions/0/620703493318966423/https://steamcommunity.com/app/301910/discussions/0/622955136053344248/https://steamcommunity.com/app/301910/discussions/0/620703493311595807/But from what little I've seen -- this game looks to have great potential for players who can use the default control bindings.  Unfortunately, ""default control bindings"" is not me.As one forum commenter put it:  ""Minority or not, how exactly do you ♥♥♥♥ up keybind setup? Especially when it worked in the previous games?""  Darn good questions because -- being a professional software developer myself -- I cannot fathom how something so fundamental slipped past basic quality checkingandhas been allowed to persist this long."
,Not Recommended,301910,19801557,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Slutty Coconut,"I will only recommend this game, when its at a cheaper price.Reasons why-Short Story Line (like really short, it took me about 3 hours, and the other 3 was me just flying around)-Buggy-Gameplay gets boring after awhile-It's a one time thing, you'll probably play this game once then never again"
76561197983681400,Not Recommended,301910,32637524,Posted: 22 June,all,mwebby,"will not play anymore due to a corrupt save file ,,, devs fix it pls"
,Recommended,301910,14782854,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Crauza,Saints Row the musical
,Recommended,301910,14786861,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dr Zeus,"Gat out of hell is basically Saints Row 4 but instead of replacing the need for cars with super sprint, it replaces the need for super sprint with flying. What's next, teleportation?I was super pumped for this game but when I found out it had many similarities with SR4 my only though wasThanks, Satan.  Thanks for making another average game.But hey it only cost $20 so meh 7/10."
,Recommended,301910,14130374,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GGGunner,"Funny game!Flying  in game is exciting!Kinzie's Boobs are nice!Btw, I want Troy Baker back!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,301910,22864706,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,N²,"Don't get me wrong, this game was fun for a bit, but it clearly feels like an expansion, at best. Having about the same amount of replay value (maybe less) as its predecessors, the story is just about as ludicrous as a Saint's Row game always is, but even the story admits that the plot is very loosely tied together and a stretch altogether. It's basically a Metalocalypse-themed SRIV, only you get to play as Kinzie or Johnny Gat; the powers/missions/challenges/bosses/weapons are all pretty much the same, with minor hellish modifications. Got it on sale, and it has the cheap thrills of achievements & trading cards, so again, I'm not knocking the game... I just can't recommend it to others in all honesty. SR3 was the best in my opinion, but I would even recommend SRIV over Gat out of Hell: SRIV had a longer gameplay, and more of a story with characters to follow so I found it much more entertaining. 4/10"
76561198092745124,Not Recommended,301910,18517740,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,jerry5234,Love the game do not recomend out of spite. Why in the hell did they remove the ability to cheat that is one of the things that make Saints Row games great. Beat the hell out of the game and then cheat with god like powers on the next play through.
,Recommended,301910,17698047,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,bigwillyhaver69,A very nice Game Guys ( Heard a noise ingame and got scared)No But Seriously for once the story makes sence and it doesnt suk (SAINTS ROW 4) *cough *cough But you might be asking isnt it just a reskin for saints row 4 well it is but with succes :DDDEFENITELY A MUST BUY FOR ALL YOU FRANCHISE FANS OUT THERE
76561198090461317,Not Recommended,301910,14281592,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,"Davinator, Something",this was just  terrible.  terrible terrible terrible.
,Not Recommended,301910,14209777,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mr Heretic | YouTube,"And you guys thought IV was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥... This game is dreadful first they get rid of the Boss which was incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, gameplay mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ takedowns take to longDont buy this game"
,Recommended,301910,14123729,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,<B>oomeran<G>,Like A Boss
,Recommended,301910,14379722,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,eBloodyCandy,"First off, if you were expecting a long game (10+ hour Story) you will be dissapointed.  The story of the game took me a total of 4hours and 40 minutes to complete (Blind Play Through).  BUT, I with that said there are a TON of other things you can do outside the story.  Getting gold medals in events, collecting collectables, finding secrets, 7 Deadly Sins.  There is probably 20+Hours worth of game in the game.  It feels similar to the Saints Row 4 style with crazy game play and an out of this world story.If you are a huge fan of Saints Row games you'll notice right away the voice actors aren't the same as the older games, but equally as good if not a little better.  If you're a fan of this series this game is a must have to revel in all the previous games villans and partners."
,Recommended,301910,14274678,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PaleHybrid,"I just wanna say I really enjoyed this game but man is it short. I mean I have 12 hours in according to steam but that includes picking up every collectible and getting gold in all the missions on hard difficulty. That being said I didn't complete all the objectives because they are really repetitive. They include side objectives such as kill x amount of this enemy, kill x amount of enemies with this gun, kill x amount of enemies with this power, and on and on.. It's just a ton of filler to try and pad out this very limited game.As you all know now there are only a few actual story missions and the rest is side missions and side objectives. To try and explain a little better I'm separating what I refer to as side missions as being the usual fraud and destruction missions where you're given a bronze, silver or gold rating and the side objectives as being kill x number of this type of enemies. I finished all the side missions which are much fewer in number compared to SR4 with a gold rating. If you do what I did expect maybe around 12 hours gameplay which includes a bunch of just randomly flying around just because it is so much fun.I will say that the traveling across the map has become a lot better. The new flying mechanic is well implemented and way better than the previous fast running and gliding in SR4. It was almost a chore to get around the map in SR4 because of the powers and how they were used. You had this whole city below you and all these vehicles that were pretty much pointless because you never interacted with any of it. In SR Gat out of Hell they've definitely improved that by making the flight mechanic more hands on and enjoyable. You feel like you're actually accomplishing something as you're speeding around in the air flying between buildings and through small openings in different structures.All in all I say I agree with most of the reviews that $20 is okay but if you can wait for a sale do so. If you have a game you're playing now just wait because this game will be over before you know it. I did my best to stretch this game out but at this point completing every little side objective would just be a chore. There is pretty much zero replayability but overall it was an enjoyable experience."
76561198071301914,Recommended,301910,14145656,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DimonZ,-ภาคนี้ลักษณะเป็นการเล่านิทาน-ประมาณ 4-5 ชม.เนื้อเรื่องหลักจบ-เนื้อเรื่องส่วนมากให้เล่น activities-รถยนต์จำเป็นมากตอนเริ่มเกมส์-แผนที่เมืองใหม่-รูปแบบเกมส์เป็นแบบเดียวกับภาค 4 เพียงแค่เปลี่ยนมาสู้กันในนรก-ภาคนี้ตัดการแต่งตัว แต่รถ ออก (ร้านขายปืนเหลือเป็นตู้)-เนื้อเรื่องค่อนข้างจำเจ*ถ้าคุณไม่ซีเรียสเรื่องพวกนี้ก็ซื้อเก็บไว้เล่นขำๆก็ได้ ถ้าราคาคิดว่าไม่ OK ก็รอลดราคา**ภาคนี้เป็น expansion(dlc) ไม่ต้องมีตัวเกมส์หลักก็เล่นได้ส่วนตัว:ตัวเกมส์เทียบกับราคา ก็ไม่ได้น่าเกลียดอะไรมากมายยังเล่นเพลินได้อยู่สำหรับใครที่ต้องการความแปลกใหม่ระบบใหม่ๆ ก็ข้ามภาคนี้ได้เลย
,Not Recommended,301910,24257745,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Voghs,"Not worth £10. Well ♥♥♥♥, I can't tell you what you can or can't buy. Not like you'll give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm tryna help you decide and I say no. Not worth it"
76561197969739569,Not Recommended,301910,30468725,Posted: 12 March,all,IPCRESS,"Zero stars, game breaking bugs which haven't been patched out two years and two months after release.Trying to complete certain loyalty missions results in a crash to desktop with either player character; this also prevents you from getting full territory control.The game itself is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor to boot - if you've played SRIV you know what to expect, only with slightly fewer movement options.Don't buy it, even if it's on special."
76561198116872277,Not Recommended,301910,30459836,Posted: 11 March,all,sergier,great game and all but they require them flying checkpoint things for champain progreassion wich i suck at so i cannot play it >:(
,Recommended,301910,14146647,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lady Inquisitor Croft,"There is fire, there is flying, and you get to shoot Satan in the face."
76561198054722513,Recommended,301910,14093630,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MR.Shad0w-Muppet,"While this is an addon and it only took me 7 hours to beat (and actually clear out everything), there are somethings I like. The powers are WAY cooler then Saints Row 4 (yeah I said it sue me) Also the weapons are really cool and unique. There isn't much to an open worldness since you only have 2 pre-determined characters and can't change their outfits, you can still explore hell at your own pace. Also I got to give props for Shakespeare being a rapper. Also remember Dex? That dude you couldn't kill in Saints Row 2? Well guess what you can do? Over, and over until you feel that killing Dex is now just annoying."
76561198055751844,Recommended,301910,14087657,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,aDirtyFishy[ßŦ],"so far, i'm at 55% completetion,the only thing i can say is that if you like to do side activites\mini-games in the last saints row, ""4"" ....then you'll love this, great atmosphere and cool new abilites. flight system is a little meh. but overall it's worth atleast 10-15$. I would recommend saints row 4 over this. but if you're a die-hard Saints Row fan. you'll love this, lots of refrences to the old games, such as dex, those who betrayed you, etc."
,Recommended,301910,14092343,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,`Mistake,"The game is not long and unless you try to grind out the achievements you can probably finish the game in a matter of 6 hours or so. I played for 8 hours and even running around aimlessly for a bit I still completed the story with an 84% completion. Even though the story is short I will admit that I still enjoyed playing through as it did hold the Saints Row vibe behind everything going on even when you are not playing as the customizable entity that is 'The Boss'.Pros:A nice continuation to see the story of the Saints.Travel around a map that isn't Steelport. Again.Fight off the demons and save your boss from Hell.Punch the Devil in his stupid face.View different endings to wrap up the story of the Saints.Cons:Short Story, however enough that I believe worth the price.You're not the boss, therefore no character creation or editing to make a stylish you.Heavily focused on the side activities to progress the game.No radio, unlike the main games of the Saints Row franchise this side story comes with no radio and no playlists. Only time I heard music that wasn't made for the game was in cars that the demons would drive and the music would turn off when I stole their ride.All in all, I enjoyed the game. I had fun and the powers here feel better than the powers of Saints Row 4 even if some are the same but renamed. Worth the $20? I say yes but it's me on the fence. If you're a fan of the Saints Row games I definitely say it's worth picking up for the story,"
,Recommended,301910,14096447,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Alrami,"Some people are complaining about the fact that there are very few story missions. I'm not, this is 40$ worth of game for 20$ and to be like ""why isn't it 60$ worth of game?"" is stupid. Honestly I would pay 40$ just for the flying. The flying is amazingly done, fun, and forgiving if you screw up a little.I was worred that Saints Row had nowhere to go after 4, this game made me appreciate that they weren't really trying to go anyware to begin with. Come wander for a while, you'll have a great time."
76561198029837461,Not Recommended,301910,14282845,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻,as 14Hr playtimeIT'S   A    SR4    DLC
76561198085636608,Not Recommended,301910,23209548,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TomKevanBruce,"I really like this series.  I've played through and beaten every one of them.  I like the story, I like the characters, I like the gameplay.  Unfortunately, I don't like this game.My biggest complaints about SR3 and SR4 were 'if you want my character to act like Jonny Gat, just let me play as Jonny Gat.'  Well, here you go.  You're Jonny Gat (or Kenzie Kensington, if you prefer), off to save the boss.  The story seems like typical SR stuff, which is to say that it's brimming with absurdity.  All of the typical Saints Row flavor is mostly present, but this game really feels rough.  There are some parts that are just really choppy for no apparent reason, especially considering earlier iterations of this franchise had identical or similar mechanics that just worked better.  Combat pretty much sucks.  Melee finishers have this earlier-mentioned choppiness problem, and gunplay feels unsatisfying.  There's nothing really new here in terms of gameplay either, it's just more Saints Row IV but with a different environment, which coincidentally makes it feel like a janky version of Crackdown, not just in feel, but in style.I can't reccomend this game at it's full retail price, and I really can't move past a 'well, if you've got nothing else to do' reccomendation on this title even if it's on sale.  If you're a diehard Saints Row fan, there might be something here for you but if you've never played a game in this franchise but are considering this one, skip it, spend a couple extra dollars and give SR3 or SR4 a shot instead, which are both more enjoyable games.  For that matter, 1 is probably better, because it does a better job being a GTA clone than this game does as a Crackdown one."
,Not Recommended,301910,22571244,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Erin,more like Saints Row: Gat out of Side Quest Hell
,Recommended,301910,17001067,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,"Yes, it is a step away from the normal SR canon, but it is a fun game nonetheless.  I mean, Shakespeare runs a disco and you get to punch the Devil in the face.  What more could you ask for?  Also - you can fly!  Definitely a must play for any SR fan."
,Recommended,301910,14523174,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NeaR PP,best saints row ever in my opininon it beat the forth barley
76561198091756176,Recommended,301910,14091059,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Maegai`Dead,"Very fun game, but it is a little bit short. It's ok I'll play it anyway :P"
,Recommended,301910,30308192,Posted: 3 March,all,Rickster James,"It's another saints row game. It gets wackier and crazier with every new edition. If you liked the previous games, you'll like this one. It's that simple."
76561198162751451,Recommended,301910,14140388,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,T-Bag :P,Good game! i like this game its COOL!!!
,Recommended,301910,14142502,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kreittis,"Gat ouf of Hell is like Far Cry: Blood Dragon, a condensed spinoff of the main game with a tad sillier universe.It's pretty fun, you'll probably enjoy this if you enjoyed Saints Row IV."
,Not Recommended,301910,24113983,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Spookel,It's not that good of a game; it's like they started off with an idea but it fell apart fast so now the story is like an hour long and there's a bunch of awfully similar minigames. The powers are outstanding but compared to Saints Row 4 they're insanely limited. The one good thing I can say about this game is the environment; it is just a reskinned Steelport but it looks remarkable and is pretty fun to travel and I suppose the ending is pretty badass despite little build up to it. Buy this game only if it's on offer and you want to grind more challenges and activities from Saints Row 4: this should have been DLC.
,Recommended,301910,28171874,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nick Valentine 🌟,Like Saints Row VI with more guns and Johnny Gat.In hell.
,Recommended,301910,14159942,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pain,finally we can play as gat !! i still miss the old style of saints row
,Recommended,301910,14155884,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Aztec Shmaztec,"Overall a fun experience, but not really Saint's Row. All the gameplay, but none of the customisation. Works out OK, with a short storyline told not through missions, but instead through just doing side quests for a while. Kinda a dull formula, but the SR gameplay is enough to hold it together for 6ish hours."
,Not Recommended,301910,22883643,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SputnikKitty,I finished this in less than five hours.Recommended only if on sale.
,Not Recommended,301910,30471407,Posted: 12 March,all,Alex da k1ng,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ребята игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я расходимся, не ну рили я прошёл игру за 5 часов и 3 лучшая так что покупайте её"
76561198015795958,Not Recommended,301910,24983019,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,adheper,"A very, *very* big let-down after SR4. Unless you love the activities and find the story a menace, then this is for you. Otherwise... just no."
,Not Recommended,301910,31288903,Posted: 21 April,all,discount booty,"tl;dr It's a highly overpriced dlc with nothing but recycled minigames and mechanics from Saints Row IV. Only recommend on a VERY high discount.Gat Out of Hell is by far the worst and laziest saints row game to date with almost a non-existent ""campaign"".The campaign consists of 4 hours of nothing but running, flying, and minigames. Like sr4, but somehow less interesting. One of the very first missions requires you to go find a chair with rockets and miniguns on it, which is the most overpowered and easiest way to win when fully upgraded which doesn't take long. The default rocket launcher you can buy is able to defeat the final boss in just a few hits, barely even upgraded.Maybe if the game wasn't so easy, recycled, and bland I would recommend it."
76561198169055773,Recommended,301910,31144608,Posted: 14 April,all,JoeyPooc,"This game is amazing.  How many other games can you fly around in Hell with Blackbeard with you?  None.  Can any other games let you literally shoot Satan in the face?  Miniscule amounts.  Get this game right now, please."
,Recommended,301910,17789485,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Defalt,You can play with johnny and kill satan so BUY IT
,Not Recommended,301910,33283777,Posted: 5 July,all,Sylvie,"Saints Row: Gat out of hell... oh boy where do i begin. If you thought Saints Row 4 was lacking you will hate this title. It's empty, has no character and the humor is completely forced. You may notice i don't have many hours on this game, i couldn't bring myself to complete this game. I'm a very big Saints Row fan, so i really wanted this game to work out, but it didn't. Saints Row: Gat out of hell is Saints Row 4... thats it, it's the same game, same graphics same characters but somehow they made it worse. The game once again has you collecting shiny things to level up your super powers... again... yes even super sprint. Most of the powers are boring and i barely saw myself using them. The game also has cars in them and forces you to use one at the very start, thats the only time you will have to drive a car (unless it forces you again.), the super powers will carry you through this game (atleast the early game as i lost my will to live after the first hour or two). The map is just a reskinned version of Steelport, nothing much to comment on... it's just the same. Story Spoilers:The premise of the story is that the president (aka your Saints Row 4 character) got dragged into hell to marry the devils daughter, you play as Gat or Kenzie to free the president, you are tasked to convince 5 people to aid you in this adventure by completing extreemly easy missions that don't challenge you at all. At a certain point in the game you will meet a cutscene thats basicely a musical about how the devil's daughter doesn't want to marry anybody but doesn't have a choice. This is the point where i lost my will to live and dropped the game completely.Do yourself a favor, buy Saints Row 2 and Saints Row 3, don't bother with 4 or Gat Out Of Hell."
76561198079666887,Not Recommended,301910,14301992,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,White Privilege,"This game is terrible. It is basically a $20 DLC. The game gets boring, and does not offer a traditional saints row experience. I feel like the franchise has gone to hell (literally lulz)"
,Recommended,301910,26834038,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rep,"i bought the game just to make a bad joke, so i think im the one who actually got gatwanted bat got gat0/10"
,Recommended,301910,14093588,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,12Gage,You can kill Dex in this game.Now will you guys please shut the ♥♥♥♥ about him.
,Not Recommended,301910,25265305,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,demonteeth,A pretty big letdown from the originals. I loved those first few. I don't love this one.
,Recommended,301910,15865681,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,blazodst,Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is a fun short standalone DLC. When i started to play the game i though the game was going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥because people where saying its no good. But every second of this game i enjoyed and got some laughs out of it.This game didn't have a'lot of new content but it was enough to enjoy the game. In the game there is no use for cars so u wont be using cars for transportation or be able to customize them.There is no safe houses and u cant change how u look or your clothing(There to characters to play as).So they have changed things with other things like now u have wings or super fast runner to get around hell If you like to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up and do what ever u want i recommend this game. 8/10If you want to shoot the devil in the face must get.WATCH OUT THERE IS ♥♥♥♥ING SINGING.
,Recommended,301910,21156938,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"This game made no sense, also coop is broken, but its hella fun and addictive. Can't wait for sr5 now!"
,Recommended,301910,34699275,Posted: 2 September,all,lexidunkle,"I love it! I really love Johnny and am so glad he's back because he's my bOYYY,, favorite out of the whole SR series next to Asha and Kinzie tbh. Kind of dissapointed that ya'll make some romance canon tho like,, could I believe Asha is a lesbian in peace without heteroformativity + @Matt ,, Thanks."
,Recommended,301910,18018472,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Lizard,if you liked saints row IV you'll fall in love with this and if you didnt like saints row IV then still buy this its great 20.5/10
,Not Recommended,301910,24540841,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Giganticus,"I bought SR:GooH a while back, but I only now got around to play it. Unfortunately there's two very major issues that makes this unplayable. The game crashes every 10 minutes after starting it up & my Wired 360 controller refuses to work. I've looked around and Ihave not found any solutions for either of my issues."
76561198120526206,Not Recommended,301910,32674595,Posted: 23 June,all,Clint Eastwood,"I have tried to like this but i just can't it's so mind nubingly boring.If you've played SR4 you've played this there's nothing really diffrent.It honestly should've just been a SR4 dlc instead of a full game.It's not woth buying the full price tag, Buy it when it's on sale."
76561198054735238,Recommended,301910,28714997,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fanciful Spoon,"YES!short but.....YES!!(Not finished yet, 22% completion)but stillYEEESSS!!!(They even did some magical voodoo♥♥♥♥♥♥and brought my *first* character from Saints Row 4 into this, is that mad genius code wizard stuff or what?!)O M G    YESSSSSSSOh heads up, you ought to play Saints Row 4 before this, cause stories yo, and..Saints Row 4 has way more content, or you could get both...both is good.Okay okay, one more time'HELL' YESSSSS10/10 would hear Johnny Gat say: ""I'm gonna shoot him in the face"", or ""I'm gonna punch him in the face"" again."
76561197993268828,Recommended,301910,34782170,Posted: 6 September,all,Flying Rhino,"I have been writing reviews of the Saints Row franchise since 2011.  Its always been the weird, crazy, less sucessful cousin of GTA.  Its been fun.  I put a lot of faith in FUN for games.2 was fun inspite of it being a craptastic port.3 was utterly fantastic, and I dont think it missed a single step along the way, even with the studio closing its doors.4 lost the magic, and I really think it was because it tried too hard.  I laughed loud enough to annoy my dog more then once, but between those carefully crafted magical moments, it was kinda...only okay.Now this.  So, take away the REALLY repetive game play that was basicly a copy-paste from SR4, and your left with...well not much.  Its got some good lines in it, and yes, its got a ♥♥♥♥ing MUSICAL number, but its just not...much.  I didnt rush thru anything, and I was done with this game at something like 75% in 8 hours.  I spent longer enjoying NPC banter (which was really good...) then I think I did kicking devils in the crotch.  I feel like the superpowers that you first got in SR4 got amped up even more, and that just spoiled the fun.  It lost that ""Zombie hookers with chainsaws"" feeling that made its predicesors so good.Buy it on sale.  And kill Dex.  For reals."
,Recommended,301910,14237118,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,What in the goddamn...?,"Like Saints Row 4 but with more flying, hell, and singing. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198045452858,Recommended,301910,17814755,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TriTTon,Amazing Game. To Short . Enouth Said
,Recommended,301910,16709692,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Junk To Let 'Er Rip,"Önce uzaylılar şimdide cehennem..Hmm, sounds like good :d"
76561198131906709,Recommended,301910,14385217,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TOPKEK,This game is how saints row 4 should have been 10/10
76561198081294225,Not Recommended,301910,18990919,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cookie791,"I do not recommend Saints Row: Gat out of Hell.I was highly anticipating this game. I pre-ordered it for $20, and I was fully aware that this was intended to be a stand-alone DLC/Game. However, the moment I start the game up, we get a cut-scene where the president, while aboard the Alien Ship, has a birthday party where a Ouija Board is found. The board sucks the President into hell, whereupon Kenzie and Gat immediately go after him to retrieve him. That was a 5 minute Cut-scene. After you get to Hell, you immediately get a car, drive to a waypoint, and you get ANOTHER cut-scene explaining why this has happened. THEN YOU GET WINGS!! You get to fly for 1 second in the beginning. You also immediately get super-speed and super jump, instead of earning it like in Saints Row 4. Your goal is to acquire the help of 4 main forces in the section of Hell you're in; Blackbeard, the Twins from Saints Row the Third, Shakespeare, and one other person. I played for 20 minutes, and I accidentally found my way to Blackbeard, where I had to help him with a STUPID RAT INFESTATION!! After 3 minutes of trying to shoot these things, Blackbeard pulls out a Hammer that does shockwaves. Why the hell didn't he  use it before?? I couldn't do it. I could not.If this review helps you, then good. If you still plan on getting it, then I hope you have a higher tolerance then I do.3/10. I wish I got a refund, but the option wasn't available at the time."
76561198195928478,Recommended,301910,26334403,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,bigza[TH],สนุก
76561198082936328,Not Recommended,301910,15868053,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Theodorus,Not that good
76561197974101197,Recommended,301910,14120709,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,5imulated5teve,http://youtu.be/ajpdr3Y_gYw
,Recommended,301910,14202682,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Slamuel,"Great game, short but story but so much content. 10/10 will fantasize about Kinzie."
,Recommended,301910,14118720,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Angry Gamer,it's gr8 like my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,301910,14116629,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Xenoveritas,"I really wish you could give a ""meh"" in the review because this game seems to be quite buggy in a lot of ways. I still haven't figured out how to reload (it's R, but is it tap or double tap or hold or what, because it never seems to work consistently). Apparently there are Steam cards, I haven't earned any yet. Achievements weren't working my first time playing, so now I seem to be missing some that I should have already earned. The whole game seems just less fun than Saints Row 4.Still, it isn't horrible, but - it's not great. If I could give it something between ""recommended"" and ""not recommended"" I would."
,Recommended,301910,14141617,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DomEReapeR,"I'm going to recommend this game, I had TONS of fun with it, but... I have a looot of things to complain about too. Spoilers.+ Nathan Fillion is god, thank you. (At least it sounds exactly like him, couldn't find him in any credits...)+ Flying is amazing, the weapons feel awesome, the overall gameworld is super satisfying.- Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥voice acting- Super short completion time, doesn't even let you do the sidemissions you want to before going off on the last mission, it forces you into it.- The ''choose your ending'' is dumb- The wrong character save was imported from SR4 so I was stuck with the wrong boss, even though he/she has like 3 lines of dialogue, and when you do see the boss the model is warped and just... wrong.I liked it a lot, but a Saints row game, even for 20 dollars, should not be beatable in one sitting."
76561198251347624,Recommended,301910,25341733,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,jaychawk87,well i just got all the Saints row games 2 is running good lets me save but all the rest who really want to play a game that does not let them save becasue i guess 232GB is oddly not close to what the game needs to save on. Like the game and the storyline even played it till i just needed to sleep because i was into itbut omg there was just not enuff storage space for one save
,Recommended,301910,14092450,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ShadowRFox,"The game uses the same gameplay as Saints Row IV. If you loved Saints Row IV, then you're going to enjoy this. Where Saints Row IV took place in matrix version of Steel Port and revolved around you fighting an alien empire, Gat out of Hell take place in hell and involve you fighting demons to free The Protagonist of the Saints Row game. Because you're  playing as Kinzie and Johnny Gat, there is no customizing feature or clothing features. You can switch between the two or have a friend play with you in Co-op.The classics mini-games such as mayhem, fraud, wave survivals, and few others make a return. Like Saints Row IV you have super powers, but this time with a demonic spin on them, so wielding feel very similar to Saints Row IV. The new feature is flight. You gain angelic wings early on and the sky become your playground. Soaring is similar to the glide ability but this time you can gain altitude and control your speed. If you slow down too much or run out of stamina then you'll drop like a rock.The new weapons are interesting. You can definitely tell the creators had fun coming up with even wackier weapons this time. With weapons based on the 10 plagues of Egypt and the 7 deadly sins, destroying demons with your weapons become more entertaining.The game isn't that long. You could easily go through it in a couple of hours, but the real value come from enjoy hell and torturing the residents with your weapons and powers. Overall it a good add on to Saints Row IV, if you enjoyed that game then you will love this."
,Recommended,301910,14836271,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Squid Girl,7.8 not enough storythe flying is fun tho
76561198056341675,Not Recommended,301910,16086436,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,UnwrittenBridge,"Everything Saints Row stripped down to its bones. Gat out of Hell doesn't contain traditional missions like the other games in the series instead you'll be playing the side missions such as insurance fraud, survival, and a few new ones (nothing particularly groundbreaking) in Hell its self this time around. While playing this game you could beat it in about 4-5 hours of doing the same mini-games over and over. I couldn't recommend this game at its 20$ price point or really in general but if you find it on sale for half that and you got some money to spend or you enjoy the mini missions of Saints Row and its universe then by all means try it out."
76561198139459576,Recommended,301910,14122748,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Akira Suguru,"very fun, interesting weapons and have wings. very badass"
76561198039264534,Recommended,301910,14089859,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,tomd237,"If you like the SR series then you will like this too.  It has the witty humor, the decent fighting mechanics and the game is solid.  It isn't very long though :(  I played though it in about 5 hours or so.  The story is... MEH.  ok.  It was just fun to play something after SR4.  One thing to note is that there is no specific story quest line. You know what the point of the story is but...   you just have to do enough of the challenges and raise the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥of the devil"" meter high enough then you can do the last stand with satan himself.  The price tag of this game (19.99)  is very fair for the amount of content that this game has to offer.  Overall I would recomend this game to anyone who has liked and played the series before.  I kept my review short and sweet for a reason.  For the price, just try it, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,301910,14090524,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Operatorchan,the gameplay is amazing but i cant find the deadly weapons
,Recommended,301910,14092248,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CrimsonTemptress,"A very good game.Everything about it was awesome, as I was hoping it would be.The only problem I keep running into is at one point, on the cut scene when you are supposed to crash the wedding, it starts playing the very beginning all over again over the cut scene that is supposed to be going on...I don't know how to fix it, and it's actually a bit annoying.But other than that, loved it."
76561198008118692,Recommended,301910,14094180,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,thorley23,"This is a decent, but very small/short game. I beat it in about 10-11 hours dragging my feet and goofing off. As an old fan of things like Edward Lee's ""City Infernal"" series, the old ""Heroes In Hell"" anthologies, and the now-ancient video game ""Escape From Hell"", I really enjoyed this. That said it would have been great if there was more of it, and they had come up with more game rather than just adding some more whacky weapons to Saint's Row IV along with some new overlays for the buildings and vehicles.Fan's of Saint's Row, or the ""goofy/campy hell"" niche subgenera of fantasy will really enjoy this.I will also say that the game is almost 100% Johnny-centric, while you can play as Kinzie for most of the game the entire story defaults to Johnny in cut scenes and everything else. While she has a fair amont of dialogue, really it seemed like they tacked her onto the product due to popularity within the franchise and because Volition wanted to avoid getting attacked like Ubisoft for not having a playable female option (this is just a guess). Perhaps if Volition overcomes it's financial troubles (if your a fan of SR I recommend supporting this game to hopefully help the Dev) Kinzie will get her own game/major expansion.EDIT: As of 12:38 EST 1/21/2015 the Steam achievements for this game do not function (I know I completed the game, and while they came up in game they did not sync with my Steam account). I'm not a big achievement hunter, but for some this might be a big deal. Otherwise the game had few serious errors or glitches when I played it, but that's to be expected as this is almost identical to SR IV so they probably banged out most of the problems with that installment."
,Recommended,301910,14088733,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,There's a Disney-esque musical number.10/10
,Recommended,301910,14091219,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Stopncamps,"great DLC for 19.99 :) worth the $$, but i would love to be able to play co-op with people, as i cannot connect to steam matchmaking in this, or in saints  the 4th,, kinda sucks. i dont have a firewall up or any other things that colb be blocking, i can connect to any other game just fine with no problems.  the time i got logged onto game is me testing trying to play online :) but i failed miserably.."
,Recommended,301910,14093366,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Beta-Ultra,"I get to shoot Lucifer in the face for 20 bucks? Hell yeah! And yes, that was a pun. And there's FIVE FRICKING ENDINGS.And don't forget the fact that you can do just about anything in the game to beat the game. NO REAL STORY MISSIONS. Except like 2 or 3 missions, but that makes sense."
,Recommended,301910,14092296,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,✫✫✫~xLord-Leonx~✫✫✫,"Where do i begin.... Let me just tell you all that if you're holding back because of the fact that you don't play as your created character, please don't! BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW! You should have pre-ordered it, because you get the jester's skull. Which is pretty much OP when you fully upgrade it.  This game is even more fun then IV.  The fact that this game takes place in a different setting is a much needed asset. Excellent comedic writing, woice acting. NEW POWERS!  You get to play as Kinzie of you want. (IDK why you'd want to, but it's there.) The wackyness is cut down a bit to make up for the ambience and  atmosphere of hell, but it's still there. Clusters make a return as well.  The ending is well worth the price of $20. I don't wanna spoil it for you all. If you're a fan of the Siants Row series. Even if you're an old school grumbling fan like me. You'll love this game.At the end of tbe day, Saint's Row Gat out of Hell get a 9 all day.  If they would have innovated a bit more(Trust me, they did)  with the side activities and some other aspects and features, instead of just reskinning them for the hell setting. (they have some new ones, but they use most of the old ones from Staints Row III and IV. This is one hell of a side project, and what you're geting is well worth it's $20 price tag and more."
,Recommended,301910,14087978,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ZegYuudai,"It's like God of War,but actually good."
,Recommended,301910,20246960,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,あきもと あきら,WOW very funny I like wing of GOOH but this is soooo short story I go to the before of final play time just for 7 hours.
,Recommended,301910,24486765,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bot Mercin,"Short, shorter, the shortest, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell9/11"
,Recommended,301910,26561465,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ThatGuyCarl,Since when did saints row turn into a musical?
,Recommended,301910,23860590,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ray1187,i love it because its different but it seems to crash every like 15 mins of playing... which makes me not want to play it as much.
,Not Recommended,301910,26349094,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ITS_PISS,i own the game before it became mac compatible and i cant use it
76561198076494215,Recommended,301910,29521548,Posted: 27 January,all,jj100277,Saints Row V (is what it should be called) is really what you should expect from a saints row game.open world in the land of hell.its fun and engaging. A must buy for saints row fans like myself
76561198212157296,Recommended,301910,26062571,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Re@lly,Grate game With powers
,Recommended,301910,14635965,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Biggus_Dickus,"This is a pretty fun expansion of the Saints Row universe. While not being particularly extensive, the game builds on the ""super powers"" engine from SR4, to create an awesome and memorable atmosphere in hell. Angelic flight was a ton of fun to play with, although I was disappointed at how labored the controls were to get used to, particularly when maneuverability in the previous installment was so buttery smooth and natural.The side activities are EXTREMELY enjoyable, in particular hijacking armored vehicles and searching for the coveted ""Seven Deadly weapons"", were a ton of fun. The story and cutscenes themselves are more than worthy of the Saints Row moniker, by way of pure absurdist hilarity alone. But overall I found myself wishing for a bit more in terms of exploration and discovery. While finally being able to play as fan favorite, Johnny Gat was a fantastic treat, I must admit to some of the flavor being lost in not taking on the legions of darkness as my own unique character, or being able to roam hell's streets decked out in all manner of hellish armors and crazy getups (hell mascot suit, anyone?). Perhaps a ""Game+"" expansion, allowing players to design or import their own characters from SR4 upon completion is in order?Still,I found 'Gat Out Of Hell' to be a fun and thoroughly enjoyable ride, worth the price of admission. 7/10."
76561198174568685,Recommended,301910,14157849,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Die meisten Menschen.,OMFG #
,Not Recommended,301910,24284535,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,HeitorSL,"I loved all the franchise, but i can´t say the same for this game, its a game of hell, make the next game better and don´t forget to inclued the melee combo animation (saints row 2)."
,Recommended,301910,23303050,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cookie,"Wasnt awfulfelt like dlc to sr4 rather than a stand alone gamegood for the story (the little of it there was) not much else to it thobuy it on sale its not worth full pricesomeone couldnt pay me to play this knowing how it isit lacks substance, alot of the activities are only able to be played once as there is no ranking on them"
76561198263194669,Recommended,301910,30219023,Posted: 27 February,all,Blackibur,Just Wow :v
,Recommended,301910,29557762,Posted: 28 January,all,grendwezurd,-1/10 - Can't sex other characters.
,Not Recommended,301910,29688380,Posted: 4 February,all,WaterFall,DON'T BUY THIS GAME!You can't create a new save! That means you can't play the game and the dev doesn't seem to patch it in the near future.
,Recommended,301910,23397667,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,propancake,short but fun
,Recommended,301910,31393786,Posted: 27 April,all,Bongo,Good fine game to fire time
76561198167238455,Not Recommended,301910,27333112,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OriginalUserName,Terrible to control on PC...
,Recommended,301910,14119389,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Hina,"tbh this is what the theme of SR4 should have been? instead of an alien take over kind of thing, Hell is a thousand times cooler. that being said, this is fun as hell (heh, sorry) for $20. I just started my playthrough and I'm enjoying it a hell (sorryx2) of a lot more than 4. I kind of hope to see some add-ons or DLC? maybe. idk or just SR5 completely different would be great. so far 7/10"
,Recommended,301910,14127649,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Maveron,You get to play as Johnny Gat......... enough said
,Not Recommended,301910,32863345,Posted: 27 June,all,⚜️ѕυρєя𝕏⚜,"coming from a hardcore saints row fan, i really feel like this game wasn't a saints row, if it was published by another title it wouldn't be bad, it's kind of fun gameplay wise, but it's also way too short and is just q uick cash grab by volition"
76561198168386575,Not Recommended,301910,15701946,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cinder the Meek,"Feels like an unfinished................. is ""project"" the right word for this?"
,Not Recommended,301910,24959930,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,xd,empty maps no songs no humor short story there is no material that made saints row title
,Recommended,301910,31605452,Posted: 7 May,all,Natsuki Mukoto,"This game is good......  I like it......  But sadly, now is nobody played this game, because everytime I search server, or lobby, or room, I found nothing...... if someone played this game, please invite me, so we can play this game together okay........"
,Recommended,301910,19738970,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SkyeGU,"Let's be serious, in what other game on earth can you punch the Devil in the face?"
76561198096708465,Not Recommended,301910,19756417,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,眼ｖｏｌｃａｎｏ您,"Good but not great, and why you may ask? The game didn't have a perfect intro and it was way too similar to SR4."
76561197963334264,Recommended,301910,19721063,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,stantes F catus,Always wanted to play as Johnny Gat. Now you can! Lives up to the Saints Row style of craziness and comedy.
,Recommended,301910,15648074,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,tom,ayy lmao
76561198068036477,Recommended,301910,16919381,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TouchedByJesus,When Someone Mean in school tells me to go to hell I run home and play this while sobbing miserably and laughing at the insanity at the same time.10/10 - IGn
,Recommended,301910,32183083,Posted: 4 June,all,Kettle aka colonel carillo,"GG but short, finished in around 2 hours."
,Recommended,301910,30121476,Posted: 23 February,all,The Smithybot,"Pros:+ Flying is way more fun than gliding with lots of fun missions centered around it. Gets even better when fully upgraded.+ Characters are pretty fun+ Hell is pretty interesting overall+ Humor is still pretty Saints Row so that's always nice.+ Lots of collectables with stuff like character logs making a return and a guide to being in hell which is good for a few laughs.Cons:- Not much structure. If you were hoping to do more than just ♥♥♥♥ about, you'll be SORELY disappointed.- Feels like SRIV DLC rather than any standalone affair- Being forced to play as Johnny or Kenzie isn't really as fun as our own player character (who will appear if you have a SRIV save file)- Expectedly short- Weapons are completely useless outside of the sin weapons, which are only fun out of novelty- Minigames and stuff get monotonous and repetitive fast6.9/10. Barely. Get it on sale, but not full price."
,Recommended,301910,14135978,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Shray K'Phive,"In my opinion this game although it was suposed to be a short expantion, i would say that it has more potential then just an expantion with about 2 hours of story gameplay.In resume i would say that this game is really fun but at a lower price but it could have been something real food"
76561198041842498,Recommended,301910,18351351,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pooltastic,"SPOILER: I punched the Devil in the face and had God retcon the entirety of the Saints Row universe.During the journey to that satisfying conclusion I discovered:+ A whole new city of Hell to explore. Not just another carbon copy of Steelport.+ Flying. Amazing, given a couple of upgrades.Which is great and all, but since this is effectively Saints Row 4.2:= Yes, you get two characters to choose from, but you don't get to customize them in any way whatsoever. Oh and no gun customization either.= The new Summon power is fun and all, but it's only there to compensate for the fact that you have no gang, no homies and no crib.= The rest of the powers are one-for-one the same ones from SRIV, albeit with different Elements.= While the story can be summarized as ""Jonny wants to punch the Devil in the face""... Actually, no, that is the story. But the host of new and returning characters do make it for a fun adventure.= According to my post-story save, I clocked in a total play time of 7:30 by the end of the story, but most people will finish it even quicker.Overall, despite its limitations, Gat out of Hell still makes for a very fun game and a solid addition to the SR franchise.The End."
76561198063121518,Not Recommended,301910,33718028,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"short, story is uninteresting, feels like a knock off/cash in, and it's not entirely undeserved from this studio but I beat it in two sessions and haven't played it once since."
,Recommended,301910,24530961,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,i prefer glock into heaven but this is still good.
76561197992223486,Recommended,301910,24514502,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Khensu,"Good game, but short and too easy."
,Not Recommended,301910,14132898,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Jambers,"Fun for the first 9-10 hours but then it gets old and boring. After 10 hours, you've finished the campaign, most of the activities, gathered most of the clusters and well free roaming is super boring in this. If you want a similar game that lasts much longer and has re-playability get Saints Row IV. Due to the lack of things to do in this I'm going to have to give a negative review."
76561198051317093,Recommended,301910,16278244,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Antique Milk,"It's not a bad game. Short but fun and it definitely has its funny moments plus you get to play as Gat AND Kinsey. It lacks a good bit in the way of customisation but that isn't a killing point in my mind, especially since you get some nice weapons based off of the seven deadly sins. If you're a little sketchy about paying full price for it then I'd say get it on sale but I would say get it."
,Recommended,301910,14143108,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Moon FRICK,"this game is really good (in my opinion), but it is quite short if you just want the story wait for this game to drop in price because its REALLY short like i beat this game in 2 hours, but now im trying 100% it. If you like saints row 4 you will like this if you didnt you might not like it as much. ps there are no cheats."
,Recommended,301910,16474061,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Haruka Kyoji,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would give it 100/10 rating cuz its too good to be play plus Kinzie's boobie is so bounchy XDDD Suppose to be a DLC for Saints Row IV but since I play it offline dont mind on my played time cuz this game is really worth it. Trust me just buy it qwhen it's on sale and you will have no regret!
76561198047116526,Not Recommended,301910,21289611,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GrillColman,this game has constant bugs and crashes alot i have a really good pc but they will never update this game dont buy it.
,Recommended,301910,18009340,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,CSGOBICH.COM ╣╣Это Был,"AHAHAHHA... NICE DRUGS, AHAHAHHAHAHA!!!!!"
76561197987174906,Recommended,301910,18103044,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,tabloidjunky,"If you like Saints Row then you'll like this.  more of the same but this time in hell.Weekest in the series but good fun in a sale....Also next game, a new city would be great....."
,Recommended,301910,28195746,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,HxFahmi,it just a litte continuation from the last game
,Recommended,301910,14140515,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tim-UK-,"7 hours in and got 96% total completion (inc collectables), if you enjoy saints row and just blowing things up, heres another few hours of that, solid game, fun. Just feels like half of saints row 4 but half the price..."
,Recommended,301910,14144733,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Quickhakker,"ten hours done all the quests and all the mini games now i just got to mop up all the clusters and audiofilesstill great game, cant wait to see what your gonna do with sr5 (or 6 depending on how you look at things)"
,Recommended,301910,14106968,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,LETS GET RIGHT INTO THE NOOSE,AMAZING. The gameplay was extremely entertaining.It may not have a story but it is still really fun.
,Recommended,301910,14143011,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ndsmyter,Love it already.
76561198128414143,Recommended,301910,14144185,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ATRGUNNER,this game is fun and has some good humor i really liked the flying ability they added that you dont find in that many games the satanic symbols are over used if you ask me but regardless this game is a great stand alone
,Not Recommended,301910,28201168,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MrGammash,"Meh. The game kinda short and boring  for the most part, unlike Saints row the third and Saints row 4. Hell felt empty and boring. the husks who are inhabitants of the hell all look the same. there is no radio in cars which you probably will not use. although you meet interesting characters like Blackbeard and Shakespeare, the interaction with them is very limited. You will meet them and help them, they give you an ability, they ask you liberate the neighborhood by doing Saint row ridiculous side missions. then they thank and give you some XP and money then you watch a cutscene explaining what happen after with that character. The gameplay is the same as Saint row 4 with some different abilities and other similar ones.The things I liked about Saints row Gat out of hell:the fact that you play as Gat.Disney songs parody.the chair with guns. life would be indeed good if I had that chair.some jokes here and there.In summary, Saint row Gat out of hell is very similar to Saint row 4 from a gameplay and activities perspective but the world is empty and less interesting than the world in Saints row 4. I can only recommend this game to Saints row fans who have been playing the series since the first game and interested in meeting some old characters again, other than that, I will not recommend it to anyone."
76561198053897339,Recommended,301910,14140316,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hyper_Knight,"When I choose Kinzie and take damage, she screams like a pornstar..."
,Recommended,301910,28173609,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Voltex,I enjoy this game
76561198198624865,Not Recommended,301910,18090456,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Tridence,"This game is a run-off of Saints Row IV, The only reason I had not recommended this game is because its waay to short of a ""game"" after the main campaign there pretty much nothing to do other than collect items or complete challenges, I dont think this should have been released as a full game. It could maybe have been a DLC for IV, its got the time length of a DLC."
,Recommended,301910,28663650,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪Excalibur,"Pros- Easy controls- Satisfying combat- Great dialogue- Large map to explore- Dark humour- Great replayability value- Lots to doCons- Story too short- Too few activities- Too few weapons- Graphics could be better- Boss fights too easyAll in all a great buy for anyone on a budget. While the story is lacking a bit, the gameplay is fun and does not get repetitive. The combat is satisfying and will keep you entertained for hours. There are many quests and activities for you to do long after you complete the game, so if you're not too into the story aspect of games, this is perfect for you. Debatable value at full price, but a fantastic buy on special."
,Recommended,301910,14151910,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ballsy <3,Good game but a somewhat short.
76561198129694266,Not Recommended,301910,20886470,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DaBorneLaser,"I really liked this DLC at first. The setting was awesome and the flying felt fantastic. Then, the game made me do some actviites to progress, then some more, then even more. 3 hours of side actvites and a few cutscenes later, came the final boss fight. Then it ended. HUGE opportunity wasted. Could have been Saints Row 5. I reccommend either watching the cutscenes on youtube or getting it 75% off. 6/10"
,Recommended,301910,20922454,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,TambDeBasque,Punched Satan in the face10/10 Would dive to hell to rescue my best friend again!
,Recommended,301910,20661452,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Alleroz,"English Review- A análise em PT-BR tá mais pra baixo.This review has some spoilers.I recommend this game not for its excellent story or character development , but simply because of how much fun it is to play it .The first cutscene of the game shows the remaing members of the saints celebrating Kinzie's birthday with a Ouija Board, they ask if the Boss is one day going to be married, after that, Matt is in charge and Jhonny and Kinzie in hell.There is not much to add beyond this point, you meet some old characters, some historical ones, punch satan in the face and that's it, end game. But the activities the put in the game, the flying system, new powers, weapons, make the game worth it, at least at a discount.Now, if you are a old school Saints Row fan, don't even get near this game, it will only disappoint you, but if you liked Saints Row 3, and 4, you will probably like this one too.Pros:- Really fun to play;- You could jump with style in SR4 and now you can fly;- Punch satan in the face;- Kinzie;- Armchair-a-geddon.Cons:- You can't play with your Boss after you finish the game;- Radio stations removed;- No customization.OverallGraphics : 7/10 - For a game released in 2015 they could have put a more effort into it.Soundtrack : 1/10 - Radio stations got removed from the game, there is not much to review here.Gameplay : 10/10 - Flying, running, fighting, all of this is really fun and fluid, all guns have different abilities and using then either to play the game or just to earn the achievements is incredibly fun to do.Análise em PortuguêsEssa análise tem alguns spoilers.Eu recomendo esse jogo não pela história excelente ou pelo desenvolvimento dos personagens, mas simplesmente porque é muito divertido jogá-lo.A primeira cutscene do jogo mostra os membros que sobraram dos Saints comemorando o aniversário da Kinzie com um jogo de Ouija , eles perguntam ao tabuleiro se o Boss algum dia vai se casar, logo depois, Matt está no comando e Jhonny e Kinzie no inferno.Depois disso não tem muito o que adicionar, você se encontra com personagens antigos da série e com alguns personagens históricos também, dá uma surra no capeta e pronto, o jogo acabou. Mas as atividades adicionadas, o sistema de voar, novos poderes e armas fazem o jogo valer a pena, pelo menos com um disconto.Mas se você é um fã dos jogos antigos de Saints Row, não chegue new perto desse, você sairá desapontado, porém se você gostous de Saints Row 3 e 4 provavelmente vai gostar desse também.Pros:- Muito divertido;- No SR4 você pulava com estilo, agora você voa;- Dê uma surra no capeta;- Kinzie;- Armchair-a-geddon.Cons:- Você não pode jogar com o seu personagem depois que o jogo termina;- Estações de rádio foram removidas;- Sem customização.ConclusãoGráficos : 7/10 - Pra um jogo lançado em 2015 os desenvolvedores não parecem ter se esforçado tanto.Soundtrack : 1/10 - As estações de rádio foram removidas, não tem muita coisa pra analisar.Gameplay : 10/10 - Voar, correr e lutar são divertidos e fluidos, todas as armas tem diferentes habilidades e usar elas tanto jogando quanto apenas pra conseguir conquistas é algo incrivelmente divertido."
76561198083107950,Recommended,301910,20574124,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PurplePanda,decent
,Recommended,301910,20926347,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sinful ┼,So far 36% done the game loving it so far.wtf is the musical. super cringe worthy.So far 10/10
,Recommended,301910,20905326,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,2brady,*Shoots Satan in the face*
,Recommended,301910,20595897,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,rick from pawn stars,You can kill people on a couch10/10
76561198023530921,Recommended,301910,20923837,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Johnny Gat,TIME TO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥UP!!!!!!
76561198093128083,Not Recommended,301910,18051650,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Raul,it's too short
,Recommended,301910,18067589,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Alienware,"Overall 8/10The game is fun like the last two and the story is nice, again,like the last two. But this game is really just a reskin and a new story, that's it. Oh and thecrashingis a huge annoyance."
76561198021283744,Not Recommended,301910,18095443,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Aux,Get it on sale. Game is way too short. Could probably have finished it in an hour if I didn't purposely distract myself from the main story.
,Not Recommended,301910,33336491,Posted: 7 July,all,Evan O' Lantern,"A fun, but super short 'detour' through the Saint's Universe post 4.Got this on sale and can't find myself to recommend it, it feels lazy in production right out the gate. Which is a shame because the people you can rally for help includes Shakespeare and Vlad the Impaler, both who'd be fun to do things for if Volition actually bothered to flesh something out. Instead we get a checklist to fill than anything interesting. Literally.Surprisingly there's five endings the game lets you choose which I did not expect, one is reuniting Gat with Aisha. Another is  crowning Gat as Lord of Hell, or endowing him with infinite knowledge. The other two are recreating Earth and retconning everything that happened in previous games or finding a new home planet for the Saints. At this point you can probably tell which one of these is 'canon' since Agents of Mayhem is a thing.In short, don't play this unless you turn your brain off and want to keep doing the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing in a Saint's game since 3."
76561198129101111,Recommended,301910,18049863,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"Reccomended, but only if its on sale.This is basically a Saints Row 4 DLC in Hell. A short, quick to complete standalone expansion of the Saints Row series - but that is unfortunately it.Many features present in previous Saints Row titles are discarded, like the customization options for both the character and vehicles. That however helps lean it towards a nice polished style and focused features to go through for the game itself.The main story should not take more than 3 or 4 hours to complete, unless you waim for some completionist levels with the area first - pushing it at most to 7 or 8 hours in length, barring the longer challenges.The main game mechanic is akin to the Saints Row 4 superpowers, and makes for a rather enjoyable game despite its overpowered and seemingly unbalanced nature. But that's part of the fun.If I have to fault anything it is the lack of content - it is short. Other than that, it is a good addition to the franchise. If only a bit short and lacking some of the more expansive features in previous titles.Worth it in my opinion, just not quite at the face-value cost."
76561198046673270,Not Recommended,301910,17266222,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SirCumference,Bad game with no story.waste of time
,Recommended,301910,24432507,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,hey b0ss,gud gaem
,Not Recommended,301910,34893449,Posted: 11 September,all,Blackhawks,"My Review For Saints Row: Gat out of HellPositivesPretty fun game.I guess you could say you get to play Johnny or Kenzie.NegativesExtremely short, I pretty much killed the game within a day.There wasnt much of a story to this?. I honestly dont think i did but 3 *Actual* main missions.Very small amount of weapons from what i have seen in this one.OverallI would give this one a 6 out of 10 as they move further away from the normal Saints Row and they end up in hell. But that is not being the only reason very short gameplay, flying is kinda hard to get used to i read a couple post in the forums seems it depends on who you are. ( ya Saints Row 4 you can super jump Saints Row GOUH you can fly. )"
,Recommended,301910,27640159,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bybių liesavozas,Punched Satan in the face.
,Recommended,301910,27683726,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,{SDG} OmegaWolf360,pretty fun better than i expected
76561197970670132,Recommended,301910,16812792,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Kalog,Pros:-You Can Fly-You get to shoot Satan in the face-You Can Fly-You get to punch Satan in the face-You Can Fly-FunnyCons:-I'ts just a game-???
,Recommended,301910,18109576,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Turtle_Poo,This is a stand alone DLC in a game it's gust AMAZING! 10/10 IGN Saton is epic!
76561197964866568,Recommended,301910,14146201,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"I recommend this game, but ONLY to the diehard fans.Otherwise you will be dissapointed, as the game main storyline is less than 4 hours long. I mean it,I thought that it was a joke, so I ignored it at first, but than again... No... It turned out to be just the end.This SUCKS a LOT. It may be twice as long if you count in all the un-narrated, repeatable side-missions.The humour is back and it is fun, but so short that it almost makes you sad... There are 4 endings, but they are basically few seconds long each and without much consequence I guess.The powers are cool, maybe even better than in SR4, most cool weapons you have to unlock (kinda hidden).SR3 had a GREAT vehicle system, driving, customization, etc. It was still there in SR4, but it was made obsolete, which was sad. In this title they butchered it completely. Driving is terrible (it is easier to drive backwards with most vehicles now...), they are non-customizable and basically more of a hindrance. A sad, sad thing to do...Pedestrians are all husks, so they are boring... The NPCs each have just few lines in the whole game... Customization of chracter is gone completely...I was on a verge of clicking that I do NOT recommend it, but all in all, I had fun, I like Saints Row, I guess I don't regret getting it.But I wouldn't give it more than 6/10 still.This game is like a husk of it's former self. To me it's SR3 > SR2 > SR4 > SR:GOH. Had no chance to play SR1."
,Recommended,301910,14208128,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ooga Booga,idk why I pre-ordered it.10/10 Story too short
76561198032371549,Recommended,301910,14117318,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Frosteee,It's just rediculous... the of the dumbest games I have ever played. Almost every gun and cut scene is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... 9 out 10
76561198052674173,Not Recommended,301910,20227323,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SkyeRise,"I played a lot of Saints Row IV and love the game. Now this piece of bull feces is nothing like it. Everything feels different and much less polished, starting even with the controls that feel like the cheapest console conversion that ever crawled out of the depths of hell.Gat out of this game while you still can! Preferable before wasting your money."
,Recommended,301910,14156684,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DoomBlackDragon,After playing the game and finish the story in about 3 - 4 hours. I have very mix feeling about the game.It still the same gameplay as SR4 which is a good thing. New map broken into 5 area. Some new powers. 7 deadly sins guns are fun...... If you can find them. Which I feel is a bad thing. No real story mission. You just go off doing the activites  and when you finish enough of them. You get a cutscene and teleport back to your starting base. These happens 3 times and then you fight satan. Which is a very disappointing boss battle.They did some changes to the jump/glide power to make flight. Which is very buggy. Randomly falling out of the sky. Touching a building can have you spinning out of control or teleporting around the map. Weak tell you hit get to a high enough level to get flying to almost stop draining your stam. Which at that point you have to worry about SAM sights.I enjoyed the game but it is so short and almost no replay vaule. I would say wait to get it on sale.
,Recommended,301910,14176355,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SneakyBeaver,No
76561198023381153,Not Recommended,301910,14226301,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MouldyCreeper68,this game sux
,Recommended,301910,34067369,Posted: 6 August,all,Al-Crypt.zu],Very good game ^^
,Not Recommended,301910,18621057,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GregGreed,"I absolutely loved saints row 3, and Iv, But saints row Gat out of hell was horrible (My opinion) I just didn't like it."
76561198158815714,Recommended,301910,25510151,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,thundertank39,Punch the motha f**king devil in the face
,Recommended,301910,31943718,Posted: 24 May,all,Escrypha,"The game needs more shorcuts with customizable controls. I want to press M for map, J for quests/missions/challenges, etc... Pressing tab, then using arrow keys is a waste of time when other games have shown me I could just press one button to access them. This suggestion goes out to all the Saints Row games that don't allow me to check the map with a single button press.I'd also like the ability to flip a switch and make it so that I don't gain any notoriety in areas I own. The switch should be optional in that one can turn it on or off as one pleases. Perhaps you could add it as future DLC. ;DThese are mere nitpicks.The game doesn't go down in quality due to missing these features. It's just that I think these things would have been nice. It's otherwise a good game."
,Recommended,301910,22492682,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,GhostAkaNoahDunn,had it before on ps4 and still love it on pc.
76561198106687344,Recommended,301910,23884584,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,STARPOWER,imagen the perfect DISNEY movie. 11/10
,Recommended,301910,17025403,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"What is there really to say about this?Its Saint's Row 4: A Bit More.If you enjoyed Saints Row 4 and want to play more, get it."
76561198175909665,Recommended,301910,20137342,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rvre Oneshot,Im havin major problems with my game when ever i try to play it kicks me out
76561197980828688,Recommended,301910,14174900,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Izex,"Fun game, funny story, but if you don't like the world quests (mayhem, insurance etc) I wouldn't buy it since it is 90% those quests."
76561198020575563,Recommended,301910,14121949,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BBQBaconBurger,"If you liked saints row IV, you'll probably like this game. Its more of the same, just more condenced. The setting is cool, the story is funny as ever, and theres hours of rediculous mindless fun as per usual."
,Not Recommended,301910,20214065,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,🎃thicc dedede🎃,there arent any cheat codes so pretty much the worst game in the franchise.
,Recommended,301910,14118915,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Abdullah,can you fly?YEScan you glid?YEScan you run super fast?YES10 outa 10 IGNi dont know why some ppl say this game suck
76561197966093580,Recommended,301910,14196851,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Hardcore fans won't be disappointed, this instalment is full of the fun we've come to expect of saints row, but it's nothing new.  Not a lot of story missions though so you spend in this game will most be doing the various activities from games(with small twists.)  I am a little disappointed that their wasn't any radio stations, I realize this wasn't meant to be a full blown game but I've always like saints row music mixes over all the other open world games. For $20 it's hard to pass this up though."
76561198104040378,Not Recommended,301910,31065351,Posted: 10 April,all,Pneumo,"Ive played every saints row game prettymuch to 100% completion (xbox and pc versions).Loved them all in their own way.SR4 is undoubtably the best, and a thourough storyline and side missions.Gat out of hell is as expected, basically sr4 without the abilty to customise anythin, gunshops only, Gat or Kenzie.Flight mechanic in this game is upside down, feels awkward and i dont like it atall compared to sr4.Fun twist but repetitive, customisation lacking kinda ruined it for me, all of the SR games have been.Creepy zombies and 'the law' are gouls or somewhat, lava everywhere. fun enough.I stopped playing it and dont think i'll see this one through to the end like i have the others.its a shame theres not a scoring system here on steam, becuase ive got to give it a thumbs down. overall its a 50/100 sorta game. It wont cure the thirst for the SR titles, and its even worse if, like i did, complete SR4 too quickly, and then bought Gat out of hell to get more action... The game kinda just didnt do it for me..."
,Recommended,301910,14093815,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,humbledore,"inb4 punched satan in the face 11/10but seriously though, 11/10"
,Recommended,301910,15028322,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Gumball,You crush the afterlife and domninate it while flying with badass wings.
,Recommended,301910,14131989,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,Hell yeah!Get the joke?  Ha ha ha?What no?Okey...
,Not Recommended,301910,14269920,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tricky,Was short as ♥♥♥♥ and it could've been better.
,Recommended,301910,14179140,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Soluna,'The Wheels on the Bus Go Round and Round' is an actual torture in this version of Hell.Really sets the atmosphere in.
,Recommended,301910,31289905,Posted: 21 April,all,vro,lol you can finish this game less than 2 hours using trainerafter that u can refundez money back
,Not Recommended,301910,14270249,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Det. Dicksmack²,"I'm sorry but ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ it to hell and back.You want to know what this game is? Let's make a seemingly awesome looking playground that has tons of potential for great missions and just make it side missions. ONLY. That's all it is. The only resemblance of ""story missions"" are the first few set where you're rallying comrades of Hell except that IT'S COMPLETELY POINTLESS. Completely pointless. Go here, kill some randomly placed NPCs, move on to the next comrade, repeat! The rest of the game is doing these dumb side activities to reach the real mission. Or I'd imagine. I just can't bring myself to finish this putrid pile of lazy♥♥♥♥♥design. On top of that there's a ""totally cool self aware joke"" where you see Gat and Jeff from Volition arguing about how the only way to further the story is without the use of ""traditional story missions."" NO. NO! Just because you're self aware of your own laziness does not make it okay. You wasted a good concept for a game which is a damn, damn shame considering Saints Row IV had so much love put into it.♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ you Volition."
,Recommended,301910,14163196,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Memegumi,"If you want more over the top Saint's Row actionYou will find it here!And then maybe some. . . If you like musicals that is~With a whole new map to run and fly around in.Collectibles spread all throughout!And some characters to see, both old and new.The main game is a little small.Rewards from side missions are gained quickly.But it's still rather enjoyable, especially in Co-Op!Go Gat yourself a copy today!That pun was horrible, now I'll die and go to Hell. . .Oooh I did it again, huh?"
,Not Recommended,301910,24102976,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Bushels of Bank,"♥♥♥♥ing awful, avoid if you're a fan of Saints Row or a fan of having fun in general.G A R B A G E"
76561198115945624,Not Recommended,301910,34715520,Posted: 3 September,all,Mitch,I bet the game in 4 hours after trying to procrastinate with the main story as much as possible.This game is. too. short.
,Recommended,301910,14108037,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mechanical Bunny,"This is just my little rant about the game! I really enjoyed the game! Johnny busting out in a musical sent me for a loop! I did preorder this game and the skull is freaking awesome!  If you buy this with the notion it is a stand alone  expansion  not a full story game.  You will not be disapointed. This is not Saints Row V.  I have a feeling this a test product.  Deep Silver probably would like to know if  people would still be inteterested in the franchise.  I do think the fact  Gat out of hell has multiple endings I have a feeling one of them will be the continuation.... *find earth like planet* *COUGH* *COUGH*As for bugs they are same ones I have experiance in SR4. Mostly steam server errors.  Some people review cut scenes crashing. I have yet to experiance that *knock on wood*. I would say not everyones systems the same no matter how well built a game is. Something will always go wrong.20$ might seam a lot for whats offered. I bought it cause I support the developers. I would love to see SR5.Do your research. Don't take any one persons opition. AND.....Stay away from Rage'n Negative Reviews!!!  They are NOT ""Fun"" Shaundi  Approved!  Those writers probably need to take a hit off a light bulb!!!"
76561198088460031,Recommended,301910,28109364,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,best game like gta
,Not Recommended,301910,32352403,Posted: 11 June,all,[LFG]Bunny,i love all of the saints row games but THIS IS UDDER♥♥♥♥♥♥it took me 12 ♥♥♥♥ing hrs to install i tryed to play it so i made a game file AND THEN IT SAID THE NEW GAME FILE IS CORUPTED! i might change my opinion when i re-install it so this is my rating right now.UPDATE: IT STILL WONT LET ME PLAY
76561198122022007,Not Recommended,301910,14121554,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,♥satanic muffin♥,"should have been a DLC ,its short, not many guns, No customizations of any kind ,i payd for a fuc*King musical not a game"
,Not Recommended,301910,33993136,Posted: 3 August,all,✘ItzJaxy.exe✘,"Saints Row: Gat out of HellFirst time I heard about this game I was like:WOW! I need to buy this game! And i was hype as s*it to play it.Then when i buy it... Let me just put it this way: (Bad things about the game)1.Very short for a Saints Row game. (When I mean short I 10 - 15 missions where normaly it's like 10 - 40 missions)2.The long cut scenes make's the game boring, if you don't know how to skip.3.Fast and easy to get the last boss(Satan).4.Bugged missions and activitys can either: crash or bugged the f*ck, out so you have to either restart the game or the save.5.You need to download mods to use cheat codes with makes no f*cking sence, because in all the other games you can just use cheat codes without any mods.6.You can't even costumize Gat, Kenzi, weapons nor cars7.The DLC is useless. All you get is a skull and Saints wings(That just is a reskin of the f*cking Hellfire wings)8.Sometimes you can't even skip a cut scene.Now to the good things1.The ending where you can pick cut scene to see.This game is better if you just crack it to save money. I do not recommend it.I want my money back ;-;"
,Recommended,301910,29109254,Posted: 7 January,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),If this doesn't convince you to buy this gamehttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CLt6mLwaflothen I don't know what will...
,Not Recommended,301910,31472681,Posted: 30 April,all,Seeqa,What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to the Saints Row that didn't have powers and stupid plots?
,Not Recommended,301910,27057012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keith,My pc cant carry the game... I'd ke   a refund if possible because  can't even play the game
,Not Recommended,301910,22666314,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zένø™ 👌,Whoever is responsible for this should be forced to step on a lego or two
,Recommended,301910,14792008,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,415512021,"Nice game ,i like that ."
76561198151852491,Recommended,301910,25928415,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,✪ SuperOreoMan ✪,asome
76561198095922106,Not Recommended,301910,24587770,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mycaruba,Eh...
,Recommended,301910,14149819,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hey what?,Crackdown 2 on PCP
,Recommended,301910,14097747,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Umbra,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is solid stand alone expnansion for Saints Row IV. The gameplay is generally the same; use super powers to take down enemies, cause destruction and all that nonsensical fun. The new locale is Hell, though it's just Steelport reconfigured to look like Hell. They do it well enough that it feels somewhat new though so that is also nice. What really shines above all else in this game is the power of flight. The ability to fly really increases the freedom of the game and makes it even more fun. However, all this aside, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell lacks the personality that IV developed. While you can play Gat or Kenzie, they don't have many lines recorded from them and there are no customizations for them, not even clothing. It may seem unnecessary to quibble over something as that, but the customizabble asthetic is what gave Saints Row it's extra personality.Overall, Gat out of Hell is a good game if you enjoyed Saints Row IV. The game's storyline is mostly all activities, but the activities are a bit more fun than IV. I'd say it's definately worth the 20 price tag if you enjoyed IV, otherwise I'd say you might wanna pass on it until a price drop."
,Recommended,301910,34178806,Posted: 11 August,all,Fabian Gladwart,"I r8 gr8, 8/8 m8!I like this game more than Saints Row IV."
,Recommended,301910,31665813,Posted: 10 May,all,Kaspars,Saints Row: Gat out of Hell   Recommended for crazy gamers
,Not Recommended,301910,34156786,Posted: 10 August,all,Garble Master,More stupid garbage cluster of dumb.6/10Some cool ideas here that should have just been in 4. Very little content but price (mostly) reflects that. Not worth it honestly but if you have a buddy that also has it and/or it goes on a good sale and you liked 3 and/or 4 then try it I guess.
,Recommended,301910,30652843,Posted: 21 March,all,Azeus,"Honestly I bought this because I heard it was covered in collectibles and I love collectibles. The game itself, being a stand alone DLC, is short and repetitive, but to be expected. The free roam is still sick as sh*t, what with being able to actually fly in this game AND torture the already tortured souls of hell. Basically it's fun because of the chaos you can cause, just like in SR3 and 4.6.75/10 Buy it on special or you'll lose money."
,Not Recommended,301910,23044253,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Magikarp48,"This is my first negative review to a game and what makes it feel even worse is that I'm a fan of Saints Row series. This game is essentially a huge hand job to Johnny Gat and his fans, so if you're into Gat this game is deffinetely for you. I honsetly don't know if people really like Gat that much or if the devs do, so I can't really tell if this is fan service or a fetish game. Although, I haven't played the first 2 Saints Row games yet, so maybe I'm just missing something. But anyway, the other playable charecter is Kinzie, who barely even pops up in the cutscenes regardless if you're playing as her or not, she was likely included in the game just because having two Gats in multiplayer wouldn't make much sense. Also worth noting is that the game completely lacks any sort of charecter or vehicle costumization, which was a huge part of the charm of Saits Row games. The campaign is painfully short, you can easily complete it in under 4 hours while getting distracted by all the collectables. Gat out of Hell doesn't have as much of a ""Saints Rowish atmosphere"" as the other games did, in my opinion, it's a bit too over-the-top even for Saints Row standarts. But I have to admit, the flying system is pretty fun once you get the hang of it and upgrade it enough, but that's pretty much the only good thing about the game. The active powers aren't that different from the ones in Saints Row IV, with the exeption of the summoning one. Overall the game lacks content and in now way stands up to its predecessor, it's a DLC at best compared to Saints Row IV.So, in conclusion, do not buy this unless you're a hardcore Gat fan, just stick with Saints Row IV, you'll get way more enjoyment and content out of that one."
,Not Recommended,301910,23048983,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,vokiel,"This is the worst game I have in my library. I can't play it for more than 15 minutes without it crashing one way or another. There are far too many unresolved issues and creeping bugs littered around. I don't know if this only affects the SteamOS release of this game, but this being a Voliton production, I would guess it affects every platform they targeted.Amongst the most glorious issues is the load time, which feels like an eternity in hell, character frozen stiff in geometry and numerous other glitches like the sound and voices suddenly getting muted. Other issues with the controller come around when purchasing skills for which you do not meet the requirements. The controller suddenly becomes unusable and you either have to connect a mouse to go back one screen or quit the game entirely. There was no Quality Assurance made on this title or all QAs were fired halfway through testing.Aside from this, the game itself is just a glorified sandbox in a hell themed city with the most simplistically dumb storyline you could imagine. Is there humour in this game? No there isn't, because whoever thought there was probably still gets his kicks laughing at blowing bullfrogs with cherry bombs while downing some energy drink and smearing taco cheese all over his shirt.It's a bad game, get over it."
76561198133833237,Recommended,301910,34193425,Posted: 12 August,all,creepipasta god,love it cant for the new one
,Recommended,301910,32678260,Posted: 23 June,all,SQUINCH,-really cheap-short game-Fun-unique10/10
,Not Recommended,301910,33661640,Posted: 19 July,all,Chaotic Entropy,"I like Saints Row and I would consider myself a fan.. but this is just rushed and bland. It really is just a reskin of Saints Row 4 with all the character removed.Very, very meh."
,Recommended,301910,18985292,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Drginix,ok
,Recommended,301910,14089523,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,thomazjay,If you liked Saints Row 4 then you like this game. Never would have guessed Shakespeare went to hell but just as funny as SR4.
,Recommended,301910,14089526,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Solarus,"good but lackingsaints row gat out of hell seemed like it would be a great ride and we finally get a focus around gat one of the most loved charicters who got almost compltely removed from saints row the third.positives:-new textures and a revamp of the city with new features and it feels like how hell would be like-exciting new powers-wings-gat-brings back old time villians to be allies-new enemies-new challenges-cheapnegitives-low graphics compaired to todays standerd-glitchy flight system-gps is broken as hell-most stores removed-no main hub meaning you have to walk all over the city-most vehicles are♥♥♥♥♥♥-low viriaty-and my most hated feature NO RADIO, throught the game its quiet and boring as you travel.for its price it is decent but i feel like it should have been saints row 5 and polished much more."
,Recommended,301910,14092455,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,How many boo's?,"Starting out with high expectations, I can say I was actually fairly disappointed with this newest installment of Saints Row.Yes, it's another crazy fun installment to the series, and picks up where SR4 left off (was even laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off with my awesomely disgusting SR4 character being in this one).  However, there just doesn't seem to be any flow to this.  Every goal and quest is repetitive, the plot is almost completely narrative in 2D book form compared to the original cutscenes with the main characters, and it's WAY too quick for any other Saints Row game.  Beat the ""main"" story in under 5 hours, which is very dis-satisfying.  Not to mention it also took away the creativity of making your own main character, which has been a statement of the entire Saints Row series since the very beginning.However, I do have to admit that I enjoyed this game.  It brought back some old and favorite mechanics from SR4, along with some more new wacky weapon choices and powers (personal favorites being the super stomp and armchair machine gun).  And although the flying was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥learning the first time (both keyboard and gamepad), it was probably my favorite part of the game.I'm hoping this is just a filler of sorts, to keep long-standing SR fans sated for a while.  Hopefully something bigger comes out of this for everyone.I'll be generous and give this a 7/10.  Even with the problems I had, it was still a fun game.  Still had the SR silliness to it, and kept me entertained for a couple hours."
,Recommended,301910,14090492,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wendy's Original Potato Fries,"Did you like Saints Row 4? If yes, you'll love GooH so much. So far, I haven't gotten far in the game's main story but just messing around on the surface and getting clusters is fun. Remember how Steelport was boring? Well, New Hades fixes that problem, it feels a bit more lively and it's a hell of fun to mess around in. pun intended."
,Recommended,301910,23210600,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,chicken nugget,this game storys good but on MY computer the grafic suck
,Recommended,301910,22218117,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,Not as good (and long) as the 4th - but still fun !
76561198022422300,Recommended,301910,29726586,Posted: 5 February,all,T.Maldini :D,Good Game !!!
76561198050737934,Not Recommended,301910,24651725,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,copeernic,Seems lazy game-making. Same as the Saints Row 4 but low quality story. Yes it is fun all that but doesn't worth your time.
,Recommended,301910,28424042,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,Cool af .
76561198340832279,Not Recommended,301910,30155552,Posted: 24 February,all,Rass,do not buy this game its broke worst then csgo trust me
,Recommended,301910,14368642,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ave,"%100'd the game. Enjoyed every second.ps. Game doesn't have,gangscheatscustomisations (but 2 main characters)radios.but we have,Cheats & Customisations (maybe gangs later) mod:https://www.saintsrowmods.com/forum/threads/v6-cheats-phone-store-menu-in-gat-out-of-hell.8939/Radio mod:https://www.saintsrowmods.com/forum/threads/on-foot-radio.8992/"
76561198093861138,Recommended,301910,14165824,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pikachu The Electrician,I was able to finish the campaign in around 5 hours. I appreciate the nastalga. Esscentially its a smaller more comedic version on of Saints Row 4 with the flying and powers. I've had alot of fun with the game but they could've added more to the story line after the defeating of satan i wish we could've played in the alternate ending worlds as well. I like the cluster system though it's like oh there is a cluster oh another then next thing you know you wasted about 20 minutes collecting clusters and not getting satan♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off enough. My only complaint is that it wasn't story based like the other saints row games. Its more like a dlc for saints row 4 as well. I would rate it an 8/10 .
,Recommended,301910,14302181,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,strongworld02,Why do I need to write a review if I just want to recommend a game?
76561198128053314,Not Recommended,301910,32425109,Posted: 14 June,all,Pennywise,I need help when i try to make a new game cause i deleted my old one it sez File is corrputed it makes no sense cause im trying to restart not go in my old file
76561198202177471,Recommended,301910,26077722,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,LuciferCreed,I'm going to shoot Satan in the HEAD !Johnny GOLD ! #HELL
76561198139045429,Not Recommended,301910,33088165,Posted: 1 July,all,SECRET PLAYER,why this game cannot use cheats so hard to pass mission
76561198269024503,Not Recommended,301910,30308945,Posted: 3 March,all,MEEPYMOOO,crap game
,Not Recommended,301910,28304866,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,KiddHawk,"Well, I expect this game would be good as Saints Row IV or even more, but no. This game is too boring. I just knew that hell doesn't have any good car. The story mission only took 3 hours for me to finish. This game is totally boring. Even the only way I had fun with this game is when I sat on the gatling gun chair with my Titan followed me anywhere. And it doesn't fun anymore"
,Not Recommended,301910,14092912,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sweg,"You play as Johnny Gat, the game takes place in Hell, and you get to shoot demons in the face with epic weapons while flying around. 'nuff saidEDIT- I take that back. This has no story at all, my toilet told a more captivating tale. Every time my toilet goes *splash* it tells a better story."
,Not Recommended,301910,30200887,Posted: 26 February,all,Jesus did 7/11,No...Just Please be more creative next time with the Powers
,Not Recommended,301910,18017840,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Stalin_Dindu_Nuffin,their dlc had more content then this game
,Recommended,301910,23982134,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ustrel,It's like Saint's Row IV story dlc. Rest of the story.
,Recommended,301910,20565409,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,krzo69,"You can shoot devils with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bees, while there's kids songs about ""Wheels On The Bus"" playing in the background, in a room full of giant teddy bears.On a serious note: This game is amazing.... until you realise how ♥♥♥♥ing short it is. 5h to finish main story...."
,Not Recommended,301910,24020596,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Justice,"I love the Saints Row franchise for its cutscenes, characters and humor, but sadly these werent that present in Gat out of hell, there was maybe 4 cutscenes. There were way less cutscenes than in other games, barly funny characters but not the normal saints crew and all they did was giving you missions. The side missions were similar to those from previous games but also featured a few new, but nothing exciting. The main mission was... wait, what main mission? Oh, right, there is no main mission! All you do is flying around, completing missions that are repetetiv to see a progression bar that when it is complete alows you to do the final mission. The ending of the game was boring. There are multiple, but they are more or less some of the worst endings I have ever experienced. One ending is about 10 seconds long... Also I finished the game after 4 hours with a compleation of 74%. What also was missing were all the fun weapons you had in previous games, threre were some, but they were just weird in a way and uneffective. There was no character costumization and you were forced to play as Gat. Or Kinzie. But who decided that it is a good idea to make Kinzie the female protagonist?!I can NOT recommend this game, buy saints row 3 and/or 4. 3 is the most fun and 4 has the same gameplay as Gat out of hell, only that it takes you 30 hours to complete that are more enjoyable."
,Recommended,301910,32442160,Posted: 15 June,all,Rhymenocerous,pretty good
76561198316258128,Recommended,301910,32492493,Posted: 16 June,all,ZombixXxPL,LOVE THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,301910,18512401,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TC,This game was too quick
76561198290467342,Not Recommended,301910,33788955,Posted: 25 July,all,Outlaw6,"It would be a fun game except too much work with the controllers, really it will give you carpal tunnel syndrome playing this game especially with the flying. Too much work trying to stay up in the air while trying to fly."
,Recommended,301910,25262109,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stingygamer,"A very pretty game, and fun and exciting. About 20 hours of total content. It's pretty much the same as Saints Row 4, which is a good thing. If you're a fan of the series, it will keep you happy awhile longer. If you're not, it's easy to learn and fun to play."
76561198074772917,Recommended,301910,28105920,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ricky.d.keim,I have just finished the game. its a neat little diversion. the open world is small think something like Far Cry Primal or Blood Dragon and you should have a good idea. this doesnt have all the features that the main games have.you cant.1. Change clothes2. listen to the raido as you drive cars3. there is no customization of your avatar at allthe game however is still a mini Saints row so the usual activities are there and so is the collecting stuff to build up your powers from previous titles. its a still fun and I think thats all SR was ever meant to be.  on the bright side Johnny Gat is back and thats a good thing.
,Recommended,301910,14219275,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Fried Dumplings,"Celebrated a person's birthday, got taunted by a piece of wood, blasted it.Half way exploring the depths of hellLucifer starts to create a disney sing-a-longSang along lucifer's disney tunesfeel 5 again10/10 would sing with Lucifer"
,Recommended,301910,34169706,Posted: 11 August,all,Cedjoe,Nice DLC
,Recommended,301910,29114592,Posted: 8 January,all,про100 4ловек,Nice Games prost ))00 8\10
,Recommended,301910,14185479,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Clone303,"just awesome this Saint's Row is way better then Saint's Row 4 but 3 things are missing and i can life wtih no customzie because you play as true saint Gat and Kinzie there are always good to help wtih anything and she's really sweet in this game but back to 3 things there are missing and it's NO music you can listen to and the other thing is No real main missions and Lack of appearance of the Boss but of cause the game has a story but that's not many missions after that's said it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome way harder then Saint's Row 4, new weapons, new enemys, new powers, new cars, new ctiy, new dumbass funny comments from Gat and Kinzie so i say this a AAA game there only cost 20€ and played 9.4hours right now and not haft way done wtih all i can do ingame so you most buy it if you are a true Saint's Row fan or just want awesome epic fun to the end"
,Recommended,301910,34661107,Posted: 1 September,all,Zagatron6000,fake and gay
,Recommended,301910,14107140,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rad Ranger,Its short.. Its really short! But Vlad the impailers castle was rented out to frat boys. and its hilarious. also its a musical
,Recommended,301910,33991497,Posted: 3 August,all,Joseph Luker,Always knew I was going to hell.
,Recommended,301910,34096483,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Continues the fun, the catharsis, the hilarity."
,Not Recommended,301910,27714663,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,shankypants,finished the game in 3 hours.Seriously saints row?5/10
,Not Recommended,301910,14430992,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Drain On Society,"If you're a really big fan of Saint's Row or Johny Gat you can probably overlook how mediocre this is.No quests, small map, bigger baddies are cheap, can play as Kinzie but everything you do is credited to Johnny, 90% of it is a reskin, and the President gets demoted to a plot point and a minor one at that.You'll probaby have more fun replaying Saint's Row IV again, since there are mods now that add all the unused content in the files to the game (pretty much every car, weapon, and enemy in 3, including DLC stuff.) and tweak the NPCs to make the world more interesting.If you still want it, wait for it to go on sale. Really not worth the full price."
,Recommended,301910,26456425,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MainMAX,диванные войска
,Not Recommended,301910,27566237,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Itzel,"bad controls, bad gameplay, bad graphics, bad animations, etc."
76561198026035400,Recommended,301910,28651372,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pez211,If you've play Saints Row 3 or 4 then you know what is waiting for you.It is short but for only $2 ti's a whole like of fun!!!So much fun that I have gone back to Saint Row 4 bought all the DLC.Just BUY IT!!!MMOUT
,Recommended,301910,24577165,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,St Nig's Iceberg,Lol you get to punch Satan in the face.11/10
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,301910,31307352,Posted: 22 April,all,Intrepid,Flying sucks so bad. No no no no no no no no...
,Recommended,301910,14090168,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Blind Sniper,"Pre-order bonus sucker right here!!!! :(So far this game is fantastic, but it is just a DLC for a DLC. As of this review I have played 1.4 hrs and gotten through 37% of the game, this makes me sad... But past that it is soooo fun!!! The historical characters are super cool, and the little mentions of various Saints Row characters are a nice little touch. As always there is the ridiculousness of Saints Row games around every corner! Plus the plethera of strange guns is always welcome in my mind. The have brought back the mini-games from Saints Row IV but they put a hellish spin on it. You also get the option to play as Gat or Kenzie which is super cool. And YOU GET TO FLY!!!!! There are somethings that arn't here that I wish were. Such as the clothing stores and car custimization. This is minor but I dislike the gun stores being vending machines. All in all this really should have been a $10 DLC for Saints Row IV as oppose to a $20 stand alone game.+SATAN+Awesome Guns+The Gift Of Flight+Saints Row Game+All Around Fun-SOOOO SHORT-$20-Some Missing FeaturesAll in all I would give this game a 8 out of 10, I would still suggest this on sale but don't pay full price."
,Recommended,301910,25383078,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,𝙿𝚞𝚍𝚍𝚒𝚗',boobs
,Not Recommended,301910,32045997,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Daddy Bear,boringasheck
,Not Recommended,301910,32107821,Posted: 1 June,all,Batman,CUSTOM BOSS STILL NOT FIXED
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,301910,33943087,Posted: 31 July,all,Rickityr3kt,"A reskin of SR4. If you love collectathons and straight up boring♥♥♥♥♥missions, this is for you. Reminds me of the copy paste Ubisoft does every year with their franchises. Don't waste your time or money, get SR4 instead."
,Recommended,301910,14151068,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HAPPY HEAVY,"Very good, but compared to the other SR games, this missed a few things.ProsStoryline with awesome and funny cutscenesAwesome weapons. Arm-chair-geddon and Gallow's dodgerThe good ol' activitiesWings and flying mechanics (they suck in the beginning cause they are not upgraded :P)The ambulances (apparently, in hell, they want to run you over xD)New city c:playing as Gat ^_^ (to me Gat always deserved more attention)ConsVERY short story -.- (5 hours. I only got the taste of SR and now i want more! WHY U LEAVE ME HUNGER??? D:)No real purpose to do the activities (btw the storyline forces you to do some of them)No income which leaves you with almost no money D: (inb4 activity grinding Q_Q)All other characters (except Dane) have boring quests (because they want you to do the activities)Most upgrades are OP (health and weapon upgrades are enough to survive pretty much everything (imagine if i also had resistants upgraded q_q)NO ♥♥♥♥ING CUSTOMIZATION (is this even SR anymore???)Ammo was a huge problem too q_q (one of the weapon upgrades are ""unlimited ammo"", but you have completed the game before you get into that level where it gets available.Small city :/No need for playing as Kenzi (♥♥♥♥ing ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ q_q)The boss in my story was a ♥♥♥♥ing ugly fat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because last time i play SR4, i was messing around q_qThere should be an easier way to switch between super powers :c (most of the time i used ""Blast"" because it was clearly the best, although the other powers also came handy in a few situation, but i still used blast Q_QNo need for cars and no garages :c (just like SR4 but that game did had garages)Conclusion: The storyline is the only reason, why i recommend this. Some of the ""cons"" did appear in SR4, i can't really blame this game for all the cons except that they had the chance to change that :P"
76561198276086008,Recommended,301910,26558247,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Its my birthdaaaaay 🎂💃,"Bad♥♥♥♥♥oneeven the zombies give u middle finger8/10 whold take that middle finger againgood:1:u can do alot of s.hit in it (fly,kick,punsh,f.uck)2:open world3:cool new futuresbad:1:short story2:u can't edit the d!ck or t!ts size in the character ;("
,Recommended,301910,23313502,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Toni980,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░████▄▄▄▀░░▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████▄▄▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,301910,32640739,Posted: 22 June,all,Митрофан Питуч,"I have a hard childhood, I'm alwayse want play in the game about hell, where in the end we kill Satan. Now I work as a loader, I live in a one-room apartament, my wife left me, I'm in debt. And now, I can play in this game, this is game Saints Row Gat of Hell. My dream has come true11/10"
76561198081140542,Recommended,301910,23812298,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cortador 8.0™,"Another day in Hell:Walk to the house of Satan, during the wedding of his daughter and my The Boss, point my gun at him.""Hey Satan...""Shoots him in the face.""Wow, I didn't thought that would work."" ~ Jezebel, Satan's daughter.11/10"
,Not Recommended,301910,35049145,Posted: 18 September,all,Lacks Of Creativity,This game should burn in hell........
,Not Recommended,301910,18439063,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,gnarlyhotep,One of the worst games I have ever played.
,Recommended,301910,14187557,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sully,"Unfortunately, after 8 hours into Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell, I’m ready to move on. Don’t get my wrong, this game is AMAZING! But with a story as short as 2 hours and only made me laugh out loud in real life once, it just doesn’t live up to Saints Row The Third or even Saints Row IV (but way better than Saints Row 2).Finally getting away from Steelport, the city of New Hades is a welcome addition and was a blast to explore, especially with the new transversal ability of flight but I kind of miss the Saints Row games without super powers where I did not feel over powered. I died only twice in my 7 hours, once because I shot a car with a rocket that was in front of me by accident… >,> oops, and the second was for an achievement.And even though I love the ability to play and Kinzie, one of my top 3 favourite video game characters of all time, I’m just so adapted to be able to play as Boss and have all the customization that this game robbed me of that :(But none the less, this game is amazing and the ending… and hell itself… is actually, what I see, as the first step for the next Saints Row game, story wise. A great set up and I cannot wait to see what next comes next!I recommend this game in an instant! (If you played Saints Row 3 and 4… maybe 2). I honestly love this game!"
,Not Recommended,301910,30640555,Posted: 20 March,all,Xfear2dieX,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HELLBLAZE♥♥♥♥♥♥storymake saint row 4.5 next time
,Not Recommended,301910,30634728,Posted: 20 March,all,Wheezy,♥♥♥♥ this game it felt the same as the last one :( my♥♥♥♥♥hurts
,Recommended,301910,23112213,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Finesse,JOHNNY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GAT BABBBYYYY
76561198084481651,Not Recommended,301910,25823015,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Marauder,I am sad to say that i cant recommend this game. I was first introduced to saints row through saints row four and i loved it. sure the side quests were a little repatative but i loved it anyway. The main story line took quite long for me to finish. well alot longer than gat out of hell. When i found out about it i was super exited to play it. i was sorely dissapointed when it only took me a few hours to finish. i was expecting so much more and had much higher expectations because of saints row four. I honestly felt this game tedious and like they had tried to recycle as much of saints row four as they could but ended up making it worse. i would only buy this game on sale because i dont think its worth the price.
76561198007950539,Recommended,301910,14121916,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Shincole,awesome !!
,Recommended,301910,18038809,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bigpigsarefat115,This game is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
76561198132496050,Not Recommended,301910,18088704,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Razier BloodBane,game is boring and is same thing as number 4. almost same city and everything only thing different is 1 is invaded by aliens other is in hell. ofc number 4 is bigger all around but does it really matter?
76561197976333824,Recommended,301910,14394330,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,agreeksailor,"Cautious recomend, wait for a sale.It was ok, it wasn't super great OMG amazing though. If we are being honest with our reviews then the score should be 6 to 7 out of 10.Graphics 6 (They were already dated when 4 came out)Story 7 (Lets be honest, saints row stories have gotten really formulaic)Sound 6 (Everything lacks oomph, also knocking a point for lacking a sound track and missing an opportunity for a hell themed radio station)UI 7 (Old, mostly functional, but has significant short comings)Gameplay 6 (Gets repetitive very quickly. No surprises here, the same Saints Row formula.)DPH $5 (Dollars per Hour. About 4 hours of game time with zero replayability 6 if you are a completionist)Novelty 5 (I tried to find a difference to write about and all I could find is that there are less options, you are in hell, and there is a wedding...There are enough similarities to virtual steel port that I debated not including the in hell part.)"
,Recommended,301910,24235784,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NeatMantis14,one of the best games i have ever played good job
76561198298668121,Recommended,301910,26058286,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,OfirBuch,konichuuuuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198024180437,Not Recommended,301910,23011810,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Arrow Roulette,"theres no customization features,, short history.. and a  very easy campaing mode.."
,Not Recommended,301910,34309950,Posted: 17 August,all,Liaj Ot,Bagged!!! I'm too tered by fixing it myself. USELESS
76561198060601878,Recommended,301910,34410665,Posted: 22 August,all,Erenussocrates,Better than Emo May Cry (DmC)
64352475685687562,Recommended,301910,31733892,Posted: 13 May,all,DAB KING,That feeling when your♥♥♥♥♥♥longer a member of Satan
,Recommended,301910,30207593,Posted: 26 February,all,UndeadALK,...
,Recommended,301910,20315044,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,broad.,"Short review for those who want to purchase Saints Row: Gat out of Hell. I really enjoyed all previous SR games, so I just couldn't miss this one. Here's my experience:Pros• Gameplay is familiar to the SR4 (which was pretty good).• Good flying mechanics.• Several different endings.Cons• Very short.• There is no main quest, just a lot of sidequests.• Can't customize your character.• Can't customize your cars (but who need cars here?)• All neutral npc have same model.Overall, I can't say that game is bad, it's easy playing and fun as previous titles, but the disappointing part is that it ends just in the time when you start enjoying it. And that's kinda sad."
,Recommended,301910,14090558,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Props,"Saving grace of the franchise. 7/10  short story. Also, please bring it back to a realistic gang setting, like in saints row 2 and below. I know alot of people want that also"
,Not Recommended,301910,23819902,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Groove Patrol,Remeber all those minigames you didnt do in saints row 4? Now we compressed them into one huge standalone dlc that costs 15 dollars! Also cars dont have doors for some reason.
,Recommended,301910,14089551,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Spyked,"I haven't played much so far but the game is exceptionally fun for long-time veterans of the series. I wouldn't recommend this game as being your first, which should be SR3 then SR4, then this game. There is a lack of customization in the characters but that shouldn't be a problem considering you have never been able to customize Gat or Kenzie."
,Recommended,301910,14089516,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BUZZ KILL,Pros+ Fun+ Interesting Story+ Game Play+ Good Old Saints Row+ New PowersCons- Some Freezening from time to time- Short- No Customization
,Not Recommended,301910,23021276,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lemon,DLC sold as a standalone game0/10 - Would not slap someone with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bat again
,Not Recommended,301910,30114466,Posted: 22 February,all,Jacinda Ardern,I liked saints row 4So you'd think id like the same game with a coat of paint.Nah
,Recommended,301910,14277746,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"After the space faring antics of Saints Row IV, many fans asked what we could do next… the answer? Shoot The Devil in the face.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVt5glxcYUgPlay as either Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a quest to save the leader of the Saints’ soul. - Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,301910,14092598,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Geek,Amazing game Pre Ordered it and man I'm so Happy I did! The map is very different the feeling of hell is pretty amazing also there is some very funny parts like Musicals my rating from owning the entire saints row 4 with all dlc this game is 10/10 my opinion! Well worth 20 bucks would have paid 30 now ill be heading back to finish the game grab it if your a saints fan!
76561197993267146,Not Recommended,301910,14130778,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BeX,"This game suck so incredibly bad. It is a pale shadow compared to their other titles. The physics are crap, the modeling is horrible, the animations are clunky. The only thing that is any good are the cut scenes. Way to drop the ball. The last Saints Row I would have almost said was getting close to being on par with the GTA series. After this one all I can say is what a colossal step backwards....DO NOT BUY."
76561198016309303,Not Recommended,301910,14129222,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,eXhaustipated,"NO!For what they ask for this game is simply to much.The story mode is fun, the side mission are kinda the same as SR4 and you have some new weapons.Including all the side missions and story mission you have for about a 3 hours of play time.After that you can collect everything to make it a 100% But it's not worth the money.And for that it's all collecting orbs orbs and orbs xD"
,Not Recommended,301910,33458977,Posted: 11 July,all,Hartley,"304 games, and this is the only one that ever lost all of my save data for no discernable reason. Johnny Gat was better when he was dead."
,Not Recommended,301910,31517844,Posted: 2 May,all,C-23,Gam no work gud
76561198201835247,Recommended,301910,34825402,Posted: 8 September,all,Nesquik,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
76561198046675266,Recommended,301910,16771626,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dustin,"Much like Saints Row IV; the same city (Steelport) with the same gameplay, except you're now in ""Hell"" with some new weapons and characters.A good short story, still fun for co-op and lots of collectibles!8/10"
,Recommended,301910,28783591,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,https://www.twitch.tv/axtoned_,"What can i say? Its Gat in hell! Most of it is muuuuch like SRIV, but some of it is new! It's really fun in Co-Op since well, theres two playable characters. So yeah. Play the game. Obviously you're reading reviews to see if it's worth it, or not. Either way, do it.8/10! -thats for not recognizing my SRIV save files, -_-"
,Not Recommended,301910,22445799,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,RaphielDrake,"Saints Row 4 clone. Same map, same powers, different textures, no customization and a cringe making plot.Avoid."
,Recommended,301910,31303064,Posted: 22 April,all,﴾◔ つ◔﴿,You get to kick butt
,Recommended,301910,14084628,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rage toggle,Super Fun like sr4 but more psychopatical and the flying its just amazing who needs to play the rest of the game half the time i fly around collection orbs to see how fast i can getEdit: The musical number is superb just amazing and great the emotional rollercoaster The feels too strong
,Recommended,301910,14090013,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Yuki Kazama,"GREAT GAME. But be aware, this is NOT Saints Row V, it is more like a DLC, the map is small and very few stuff u can customize, if u only wanna try the fly system and the story like me , u won't regret for buying it.  FLY system is absoutly the HIGHLIGHT of this game. The story is funny and has a multiple ENDING."
,Not Recommended,301910,28458012,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,faZe WALRUS,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥    O F F
76561198114945562,Recommended,301910,14086996,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,uranichawk,Problem with my game crashing was a dlc hair style from saints row the fourth changed it to a default now the game runs fine and is an enjoyable edition to the franchise
,Not Recommended,301910,14120881,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,OctoToon,"My friend and I pre-ordered this game, because we loved the other games. Saints Row 3 was a fantastic game and Saints Row 4 was also pretty enjoyable. However, the things in the past games were just gone. You can't show me my character from the last game, then you just take him away from me. They removed character customization, car customization, gun styles, cheats, and now the map feels smaller.Update: I will play the game through and see if I was misjudging the game."
,Not Recommended,301910,30126536,Posted: 23 February,all,Sam,“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”“This save file could not be loaded because the file has been corrupted or is an invalid save file”
,Not Recommended,301910,26235792,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,✪ GoNi | Farmskins.com,"Missions,gameplay,story,guns everything is just awful! It is just a copy of Saints Row IV."
,Not Recommended,301910,21649682,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chunchunmaru,──────────────── ────██────────────────────█─░█────────────────────█───█────────────────────█───█────────────────────█───█────────────────────█───█────────────────────█───█▓────────────────────█───▓█────────────────────█───░█────────────────────█───░█────────────────────█░░░─█─────────────▓███──██▓▓███─────────────██──▓██▓────██─────────────█▓────█▓─────▓█─────────────█▓─────█──────░█████████─────█▓─────█────────███████████▓███░──────█──█▓────███░░░░░░██───────────█░███────█▓▓████████─────────────█▓██────███████████░────────────────────▓█▓████████░────────────────────░█▓████████░────────────────────▓█▓████████░────────────────────█▓▓████████░────────────────────█▓████████░───────────────────██▓█████░██░──────────────────█▓█████──█████████████████████████████
,Not Recommended,301910,19428340,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,It's like SR4 but stupider!
,Not Recommended,301910,24035711,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,alanmarchman,Dull from the start. Such a disappointment considering how much fun SR3 & 4 were. Requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,301910,25281271,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DayMan,Why is it called GAT out of hell
,Not Recommended,301910,27565032,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reyes,"never attempted to play this. It""s for nerds"
,Recommended,301910,25451539,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
76561198112669681,Recommended,301910,34353555,Posted: 19 August,all,Chef Blazer,kek
76561198072607001,Not Recommended,301910,14104923,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BabyChuck,"Extremely short story that is able to be ebaten in a few very short hours. The cool guns and powers go to the wayisde after a while and although the game is $20, as of now, it really isn't worth it. Nice to get it on sale to play for a night and then forget about it."
,Not Recommended,301910,23899205,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tourobaba,Nothing compared to Saints Row III.
,Not Recommended,301910,24157973,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Legend890,Isn't Saints Row suppose to be about fighting gangs and being the biggest gang in whole the city with your gang?
,Not Recommended,301910,14985134,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Captain Sarcazmo,"I think, this ""addon"" (oh, well, i dont see a new game here, really) is kinda similar to Infamous: First Light. If Second Son was more about fighting, First Light is more about running through rings and stuff. So is Gat Out of Hell. You run and fly alot in this game. You can fight and shoot, but it'll get repetitive soon. Very, very soon. And the final boss fight... It's safe for me to say, that's the most anticlimactic boss battle of the year, or, maybe, even of last 5 years. I cant remember any bosses, who are so stupid, so predictable and so easy to beat.So, you can skip this game without any loss."
,Not Recommended,301910,23087221,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,sleepydog217 csgogem.com,i do not like this game it is very bad the last one was way better 0/10  i would like my money back
,Not Recommended,301910,31291775,Posted: 22 April,all,Ctrl-Alt-Delicious,Just.. no.
76561197998652859,Recommended,301910,14085620,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RainbowBrite,Better than SR4. Flying was annoying at first but now I got the hang of it.
,Not Recommended,301910,14106452,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Bad Janitor,"The storyline is spread too thin and consists mostly of side missions.  People who enjoyed SR4 will enjoy the humor and gameplay, but I'd wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,301910,14102873,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Moose King,"Good ol' fashion saints row game. I only give it a bad review because it has a crap story, with no story building at all, a crappy choice driven ending, which you might as well watch on Youtube, and the same 3 diversions across an entire Steelport-like map. 3/10, well worth the $15"
76561198048556706,Not Recommended,301910,14107926,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,thewhiteknuckle,"Depressingly disappointing diatribe of disingenuous dilly-dallying dictated by droll, dolorous and devolved direction.Translation; was not as enjoyable as it could have been.It has the charm of the previous Saints games (specifically SR3 and SR4), and points of it were fun. Flying around on flaming angel wings before slamming into the ground, throwing imps at people and smiting them with the hammer of god was fun the first time.And then that was it.The game does not have a storyline; it has side missions stapled onto static cutscenes. Think Diablo 3's intermission cutscenes, but instead of character dialogue, you had the general quest text from WoW or something. And at least WoW had coherent storylines.The weapons were limited and rather unimpressive. A Lay-Z-Boy with twin chainguns and rocket launchers sounds awesome, but its execution is... lacking.And of course, the best scenes in the game are reserved for computer-generated ""awesome"", rather than players organically succeeding (or ♥♥♥♥ing up, as the case may be).I have no idea how much money I spent on the pre-order for this, and honestly, I really don't want to remember. This game was unfortunate in that it could've been such a great game. Still fun-ish, but after playing and finishing it you'll just kind've sit there going ""Wait, that was it?""Shame, too. Could've been a lot better. Get it if you want, s'worth about 10$ (for about 8-10 hours of gameplay)."
,Not Recommended,301910,26221739,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,booney,Made me want to join ISIS
76561198072249242,Recommended,301910,14084842,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Melody702,Just like any other Saint Rows over the top of fun!!
,Not Recommended,301910,24828054,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sentuis,dont buy
76561197970370561,Not Recommended,301910,14087318,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dave,"When reviewing a game, the question isn't whether you had fun. I did have fun playing this game, I even feel like I got my money's worth, but I just couldn't reccomend it at the $20 price point. There are a lot of good games at or below that price (most notably, Saint's Row 3 and 4), that will give you a lot more enjoyment for your dollar than will Gat Out Of Hell. There are three places where this installment just doesn't live up to it's price tag: the length of the game, the features in the game, and the scope of the game.First, this game is really short. It's not terribly short as DLC goes, but like I said above, there are lots of full games for $20 with significantly more content. I had beaten the story missions in about five hours playing at a liesurely pace, taking time to fly around, getting some collectibles, and doing a few challenges. After about 11 hours I have a 99% completion, with just a few of the annoying challenges to go. Again, for DLC that isn't bad, but in context a game like Saint's Row 4 or Red Faction: Guerilla will last for weeks, and these things are the same price.Second, this game lacks a lot of the features of previous Saint's Row games. There are no radio stations. There are no physical shops to visit. There are no character costumes or weapon skins. There are no cribs. There is no cell phone to call in support. Calling this game a DLC is a little bit misleading, because DLC expands a game you've already bought, and even if Gat Out Of Hell didn't include its own shops and costumes, an actual expansion to the game would have carried these things over from Saint's Row 4. Instead, Gat Out of Hell is actually a stripped down version of Saint's Row 4, with a new area and story, but missing many traditional Saint's Row features. If your idea of Hell is harassing the damned with the Violator, while dressed as a genki girl... well too bad, because you can't do that here.Finally, this game doesn't accomplish much. The game map is pretty small, and once you get your wings and a couple upgrades it will only take you a minute or two to fly from end to end. The game doesn't really tie up any of the loose ends from Saint's Row 4, nor does it do anything for Johnny's character, as the end is too ambiguous to mean anything for the series long-term (they are also extremely unsatisfying). Neither Johnny or Kinzie grow or change as characters, despite their hellish context, which is a little bit of a let down. Kinzie might be the biggest let-down about this game for me, because I really thought that Hell would be a great place to explore her unique brand of crazy. Unfortunately, she's completely flat as a character, and it's pretty obvious that despite being a playable character, she got very little attention. Johnny is much funnier and fleshed out in this adventure, as well as reacting more authentically to being in Hell.I got this game for $20, and I thought it was worth it just being big fan of the Saint's Row games and the developer Volition, but I can't really recommend it. If you've played all of the Saint's Row games and you're just itching for more, then you should pick up Gat Out Of Hell. If you haven't played Saint's Row Before, you should pick up Saint's Row 3 and 4 before playing this. There are just too many great games out there for $20 to justify buying this for the story or gameplay."
76561198041537500,Not Recommended,301910,14101666,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,megahero60,"Not bad, but cutscene design is very different and frankly a bit to fairtail for my liking to fit with the game. It also boasts a rather high price point for a game that seems to be completeable at a 80% in only 7h's of gameplay. though the collecting of the spirits to unlock abilities development is far more fun then in original (especially once you reduce the stamina cost to fly.)other then that had issues when first starting up some times where it would go in small screen and i had close and relaunch to get full since it doesnt have a full screen option when displaying in a small window. (excessive explosions also caused me to crash a few times with one of the later game pistols...) ( and character from past while the did appear werent really indepth or developed much in the story line)recommend waiting a bit for a lower pricepoint of around 10 0r 12 dollars for what i played through it seems a bit to high, though atleast it apparently gives you a choice in ending videos. still a good thing to play if your craving a bit more saints row reck and destroy or want to try flying but it certainly is no grand expansion peice and lacks the same feel of saints row when taking over the city"
,Not Recommended,301910,14091958,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jon The Stardust Crusader,"Wow, ok after weeks of this not working, for some reason it magically worked fine with no problem. So I played it til I beat it. It took literally 3 hours to do all the missions and side quests. I got a 65% completion and I know the other 35% is collectables and activities I didn't get gold on. My only main complaint is that there's this activity called Hellblazing. It's exactly like it's older incarnations in 3 and 4 but it's unplayable unless you farm a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of clusters and upgrade your flight. Also, in the older Saints Row's ou could do missions at your own pace which I really loved. This, however, does not allow that. As soon as you fill up a meter by causing carnage (which is literally the whole game), it just jumps you into the mission! What the hell?!*spoiler* So this game has multiple endings but you are seriously only able to see one of them unless you replay (not the mission) but the whole game. WHAT. The. Hell!So...7.2/10 too much clusters."
,Not Recommended,301910,14097058,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DreamsRPGs,"Well, not to jump on the rant list butttttt...... I feel this is very lacking in many ways, and rather disappointing despite the price. However, I am hoping, maybe, they come out with a DLC or two to fix what I feel this is missing. First I am and have been for awhile, a huge fan of the Saints Row Games. I have played from Saints Row 2 through this one, so I feel I do have some room to speak on it. If you just really want to have all the Saints Row games, or just really want to play a Saints Row styled game *say if you never played any of*, this is perfect. However it feels more like a demo than an actual part of the game itself.Don't misunderstand, its still awesome and fun to play as well as a bit challenging for most of us, it just feels very limited to those of us who are familiar with the series already. I also understand that this was ""originally"" being designed as a DLC for Saints Row 4 rather that a game in itself and  I am sure all of this has been overstated already, but here's my pros and cons on it:Pros:You can play as Johnny Gat ""Who doesn't want be Johnny Gat"" and/or Kinzie Kensington *forgive me if I got her name wrong*, which is a bit of a surprise to me given her characters nature *I would have assumed either Shandi or Asha but it very cool to see Kinsie getting to play more or a role other than her typical one* .I guess this is more for those of us familiar to the previous Saints Row games, but you get to meet some of the former characters from past games, like Daine *again forgive me if I misspelled the name, though I was surprised not to find Tanya anywhere and a bit shocked that both the twins are. Sorry if that was spoiler! XD * as well as you FINALLY get some justice on Dex for what he did to you and the Saints *just deserts I think*. Google or look it up on youtube if your unaware who any of these are, and you'll understand. XDThe story concept to me is ""out o the blue"" so to speak. Not an idea I would have thought of or did I see coming with *without adding any spoilers* all that happens in Saints Row 4, so this is very cool *no pun intended XD *Despite the smaller map size, its still fun and interesting to me to just freeroam and see things. I always loved that part in any game, and find it interesting in comparison to previous versions.There's still a lot to do, again, despite the smaller map. I guess I'm a very ""slow"" player because I tend to take my time doing everything, and I try to take in the full aspects as well as the content offered, be it just the overall astetics of the games design. I know the game itself only offers a few hours of actual game driven play, then one or two more with the side quest/missions, but if your like me and take your time playing, its still very rewarding, none the less.Cons:Not a big surprise to me given Johnny's signature outfit and looks, but no character customization, not even cloths? Rather sad I think considering the wide variety of outfits in most of the games thus far, and I looked forward to seeing what kind of outfits were going to be available in ""Hell"", not to mention seeing Kinzie in some of the various outfits, if even the ""hell"" versions of.No hommies, gang members, crew to back you up or help *aka meat shields XD * which is also rather surprising to me in that I would have thought at least some of them would have went ....down Not up? XD  None the less, its still rather disappointing.No vehicle customization, which again is very sad and disappointing to me as I have always loved customizing and tweaking my vehicles, and which also has previously been available.No vehicle saves/storage, also very sad and disappointing to me, considering previous versions, but being that there are no hommies thus no vehicle delivery or garages, and no customizations for them as well as the fact there are only like for or five types of vehicles in ""hell"", and considering this is not another full Saints Row game, still I find this sad and disappointing.No weapon customizations again leaving me feeling a bit dissapointed as i usually prefered the reskins version as to the standard skins.No radios/radio stations, just the in game music itself. This really shocked me in a couple different ways. I have always loved the radios in the Saints Row games for the music and often for the commentaries *Zynak in Saints Row 4 comes to mind* not to mention I loved the added feel the music provided to the game experience so I was very shocked as well as disappointed about this one. Saints Row has always had some of the best in game music in my opinion.No cheat codes. OK, this isn't a big issue to me, however I add it because when I get tired of doing the missions, quest, or roaming about I love turning them on and just creating overall havoc and destroying stuff just for fun, without having to worry about burning through my ammo, and getting killed, and just seeing the game mechanics as I run amock creating overall mayhem....its Just a thing to me. XDNo Genki... Now, I didn't expect a Murder Brawl, or M.O.M. or anything like that, but was rather disappointed not to see Professor Genki  just roaming about as in Saints Row 4, which I thought would be both awesome and sensible because after all, he's Genki! XDOnly one safe house....again This isn't a big issue to me, considering Saints Row 4 *again trying not to add any spoilers*, but would be nice, none the less, to have more than just the one, even if the fact that you have no wardrobe or vehicle storage ability rather makes them pointless anyway, but still I find it a bit disappointing, even if the map itself isn't that big overall.To wrap this up finally, I know this isn't meant to be Saints Row 5, nor was it designed to be, but again it feels very lacking and limited, and more like a demo of the actual game. Still despite all its fun and interesting.Recommend.....at this time, no....simply due to what it lacks overall. As I said a few times, it feels more like a demo version of the game that you have to buy, rather than get free to try, and not a part of the game itself. Understanding though it was designed to be a DLC that they opted to make a stand alone, and not an actual game. Hopefully they may add more content to it and then I would recommend it, but unless you just want a lesser feel of Saints Row without having to buy the actual game, or just want it as part of the series, then not at this time."
76561198037915969,Not Recommended,301910,23820518,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sea man,"You cannot rebind keys, so game is basically unplayable if you dont like the default layout."
76561198093430374,Not Recommended,301910,29934491,Posted: 14 February,all,JonesKe,game cant ♥♥♥♥ing start doint know what to do
,Not Recommended,301910,23913383,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ｓｕｐｅｒ   ｍａｌｅ   ｖｉｔａｌｉｔｙ,Horrid
,Recommended,301910,14122181,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bacon Overlord®,"Great game, great gameplay, great concept (new to be sure).Love the flying/gliding mixed with the gathering of currency to spend on power upgrades.Saints Row knocks it out of the park again and for only $20.  Whereas the ""other"" franchise is trying to pass off a game that's been out for a year and a half for $60 just because it wasn't on PC yet.Saints Row all the way."
,Not Recommended,301910,29729331,Posted: 5 February,all,Butterball,Can't use my character from 4 for whatever reason when this is most obviously just DLC for 4;Uninstall Wizard/10.
76561198182540631,Not Recommended,301910,23503797,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mjduncalf2008,the game is not good when you try to save the twins from those enemies with the name dark in them they are hard there is big guys comeing out of nowhere you should delete that mission now its not good
76561197972293517,Not Recommended,301910,14092042,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,{E}Geist,The game lacks what all the other saint row games had.
,Not Recommended,301910,14093621,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,Beat it in 5 hours and got 64% of the pickups and quests done by then...
,Recommended,301910,14085233,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vision,Kinzie!
,Not Recommended,301910,23348402,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,bored game.... i mean DLC...
,Not Recommended,301910,31262071,Posted: 20 April,all,Rollz,Not Gud
76561198130151953,Recommended,301910,14085205,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Chrillnalf,Sexy Gat time.
76561198033061568,Not Recommended,301910,22497589,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,HOTLER,Rubbish.
76561198065511869,Not Recommended,301910,14090736,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Asada Shino(Sinon)-Hellcase.com,this game works for me and all but when they start talking and what not theres a black screen the whole time is this normal PLEASE HELP >.<
,Not Recommended,301910,34120580,Posted: 9 August,all,Xx_420BaconSandwich420_xX,this game doesnt even work on my pc. i want a refund. its just a black screen
,Not Recommended,301910,23769175,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[G3NSVRV],"If you want something likelly SRIV, please keep playing SRIV. This game is even close of that. Really easy to finish, there are no music stations, the world is really short... this game don't deserve to be buyed"
,Not Recommended,301910,14087264,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Flaccid Snake,"Let's see here...-it will only take you about 4 hours to 100% it-only 3 or 4 real missions while the rest of the game is doing side activities-story book cutscenes get old real fast-No radio. There is some music but it's sparse-No homies-Penultimate cutscene doesn't work-No Hitler, like how do you pass up an opportunity like that? Why the ♥♥♥♥ isn't Hitler in this game?Now, in the pursuit of fairness. Here's the good stuff+Flying around is really really really fun+The 7 deadly weapons are really fun+What little dialogue there is is mostly funny+It's still just as fun as SR4$10 would be a much better price for this"
,Not Recommended,301910,14089177,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kongoba,"Nuh UH.....Not what I expected from DS... :( disappointed in the story / gameplay...If only they made it a little more like they made SRIV :'(I wouldn't buy it for 20$ is what i'm saying.I probably would for 5$... --- If Saints Row 4 came out again, I would pay 40$This is the best way to explain..."
76561198161396032,Not Recommended,301910,23544253,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Impulsive Egg,THIS GAME JUST SUCKS
76561198133886707,Recommended,301910,14084525,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rugged,Absolotly amazing!
,Not Recommended,301910,14087922,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,happydevin6,"i was about to record a video for youtube but every time i tryed to start a new game it would say ""game file curropt or invaled save"" so now i am stuck with a 20$ worthless starting screen."
,Not Recommended,301910,14085794,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gamerblue,"Unplayable at launch. Game will not get past first loading screen, restarts, reinstalls, settings changes, and validations do not fix this at all. I will change my review ONLY if a fix is released today.UPDATE: So the fix to play the game was to change my hairstyle in SR4 from the DLC hairstyle Totes Kawaii. I can play the game now but BOTH games lag. I did not change ANY settings in SR4 which ran smooth as butter before"
,Not Recommended,301910,14086034,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nordisoak,Downloaded game expecting to play and BOOM crash...restarted steam verified cache and all the usuals you would for a new still would crash please fix and i might think about changing my review
76561198046074042,Not Recommended,301910,14084086,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Praetor Americanus,"First 30 minutes in are just meh... Basically I just did toutorials that show off a few boreing new mechanics like play as Jonny Gat with the ability to fly and have reskinned super powers and now they want me to do the same minigames that I have been doing since saints row 2. No thanks, I will just find something else to play now. I may come back to it some other time, but im just so sick of insurance fraud, and trail blazing... even if they are reskinned. Even at $20 I should have waited for a sale... I just wanted the pre-order weapon... =("
,Recommended,301910,30390513,Posted: 8 March,all,Adam Apple,"Great game, a Iot of fun, amazing time waster"
,Recommended,301910,17087258,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,BlueKunai,"Liked Saints Row IV? Well here's more of it in a bite sized package with added flight and no worthwhile story missions to speak of. If Saints Row brand wacky side activities and a plethora of collectables to tickle your kleptomania are enough to sell you this game, then go nuts. Anyone else mildy curious or less optimistic would be better off waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,301910,16953373,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,bjorn_altenburg,Fun and worth the price.Short and sweet.
76561198097886912,Recommended,301910,16935111,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,amethystblack061,"It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single gamer in posession of a computer must be in want of a great game...This may be one of them.In posession of a good conscious and in great spirits I can faithfully attest to the depth and passion that went in to making this stand alone DLC, it has a simplistic and compelling plot though perhaps the gameplay has want of variety.  We can explore everything from the series to the game itself, leaving no stone unturned as we explore the dynamics of flight and musical prowess?  Ok, ok maybe only a little of the last bit, but lets not waste time on that, lets check out my pro's and con's for Gat out of HellSo to start off with some of the things I loved:Flight- Oh my gosh yes, this was one of the things I was excited about as soon as I saw the trailer, everything from the detail of the wings (the mechanics are smooth as butter) to the fact that it makes exploring far more dynamic, more than just running or jumping up the side of a building.  In fact flight abilities were one of the first things I focused on upgrading, I genuinely enjoy flying around the map.Powers- This ties in with the flight aspect but quite honestly I loved having all sorts of powers that I could just quick tap to swap to and use, this means that after a while fighting baddies became well childs play.  If my aura didn't stun them or my stomp didn't crush them my little minions were on the case, the only power I found I rarely used was blast but that was because I already had decent weapons and felt the other 3 powers were OP enough to handle whatever came my way.Story- Now this one could be debatable, some people felt the story was too short, I honestly enjoyed it, I was super surprised that such a simple plot could be so much fun to play.  Despite how short it was I felt compelled by it, it was simple, clean, and yet it still manages to draw you in.However with every good tale there are bound to be things that were quirky or just unlikable in general, I found while I truly enjoyed playing the game that there were still things that left me wanting... It's not that they were detrimental to my enjoyment of the game but they did stand out enough for me to list them.Poor controller support- Yep, this could have been a deal breaker for me, could have except that when I switched to the keyboard for the first time I found that the controlls were really well laid out.  Ok so I really got bummed out that the flight mechanic was horrid with a 360 controller and it nearly made me stop playing, but then I read that other people had a similar controller issue and learned to live with it, I simply adapted to the keyboard and went on to finish the game.Too much power- Yeah, it's ironic one of the things I loved about the game is also something I am not as fond of.  I am a collector so to give you an idea I had collected a ton of the 'souls' and upgraded my powers (to my level max) before I had all of my abilities, therefore I was going into early level missions like gaining support from allies with a lot more strength than usually seen.  I was also able to upgrade some powers immediately after gaining them which meant that I could do loyalty quests (missions set by your allies) with ease, for most of the loyalty missions I would leave with nothing less than a gold which takes me to another pointQuests are too easy- Yep, even the 'hard' level missions on the map were a piece of cake with the right strategy (ie cycle powers, use guns, repeat) after a while I found myself bored by the idea of 'another' high flying adventure that was far too easy to get a gold in.Quests are repititious- This sort of ties in with the other points, everything on the map in order to get 100% takeover (an achievement earned by completing everything in each district and the final boss) is just repeating over and over, some map sections had multiple districts with the same quest in it, there was nothing new just a change of scenery.Story wasn't affected by your pace- This might take a bit to explain but without too much detail your are trying to make a certain character mad, you have a meter on your menu that fills up with the activities you do, when you hit certain 'points' on that meter you get a cut scene which shows game progression.  However after that cut scene ends that's it, it's pretty jarring how quickly you will fly through the checkpoints of the game and reach the final boss point by completing activities.  In fact I managed to hit a checkpoint that involves the kidnapping of your allies before I had even finished recruiting them... It was really odd trying to figure out how to save someone I hadn't even met yet, there was just no sense of urgency to recruit my allies first and even after I had done it there was then no urgency to rescue them, no timing, no anything.Overall you have to give the game props for what it did right, it was a solid stand alone DLC that introduced a pretty cool set of mechanics to the Saints Row universe (or rather built upon the ones of Saints Row IV) and was pretty fun to play.  Therefore I would definitely say it's worth giving it a try, however I would definitely wait for a good sale price as the current price tag is perhaps a bit much."
76561198011579873,Not Recommended,301910,16935471,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,VivaLaRevolucion,"Letdown after playing 3 and 4. Not funny or edgy, most of the gameplay is diversions (Minigames). I got it on sale and still feel like I paid too much.My 4 hours played accounts for 65% complete, with the entire main questline complete."
76561197972729012,Recommended,301910,17407339,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PKMacD,"A conversation arose between my coworkers about which is superior: Grand Theft Auto V or Saints Row Gat Out of Hell. The general consensus seemed to be that Saints Row is generally on par with GTAV but ""more fun"". Now that I have bought and played both games a fair amount (I must admit, I played GTAV more on console) and went insofar as to complete the main quests for SR, I think GTA is overall a better game. However, SR is addictingly fun and totally worth picking up as it plays like a no-holds-barred fantasy take on the GTA game model (except add super sprinting, FLYING, magic powers, near unlimited ammunition).Saints Row actually surprised me in how enjoyable it was. I never played any game from the franchise but it really didn't matter as the lunacy and implausibility of the story were glossed over in favor of the Grant Theft Auto styled mindless shoot em' up gameplay. Maybe there is something there for fans of the franchise I missed. The game's environment of an urban ""Hell"" is an endlessly entertaining arena to fly across while raising the ire of Satan (aka Wanted Level). This is achieved by smashing demonic policemen to the pavement, beating up the street-walking proletariat ""husks"" and shooting every breathing red entity that crosses your path. It's ok though, they are all demons and they probably deserve it. The more havoc and damage you cause, the more goons Satan will send after you. This includes your ordinary demonic cops afoot, some pesky imps and floating devils with energy shields (annoying).  As a last resort, Satan drops a gigantic and menacing ogre-like creature to dispatch of you.The graphics are actually pretty decent on the highest settings (running a geForce GTX750 2GB DDR5) but are nowhere near as detailed, customizable and clean as GTAV. The game runs flawless for me (3.5GHz 4770K intel i7 Windows 8.1, 16 GB DDR3). Don't read too much into this - it's worth the cash. Highly recommended."
76561198125839437,Not Recommended,301910,17236071,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Chegg MeatSpunk,"This game is basically where the creators of the Saints Row series didn't really care. Short story, gets choppy when you run up to someone and press F or left click, the game is basically all about Gat, Kinzie is more of a female version but with some different lines, endings don't really matter, all you do is get an achievement for beating the game, not for each different ending, no real main storyline missions, just loyalty missions that waste time, steps in completing each quest are the same for all loyalty missions but in a different order, Can't have different endings when playing as Kinzie (because you CAN'T play as her in the last mission), like in SRIV vehicles don't matter you can fly which took the fun out of both SRIV and Gat Out of Hell, and this is really should be a $5 DLC, than a $20 game. And believe me, I love the Saints Row games, SR3 was awesome, SRIV was okay, but this, this is just a dumbed-down version of SRIV. To the creators of the Saints Row franchise, make Saints Row V be the greatest, and to the ones considering to buy the game or not, don't. Just wait for it to be on sale if you REALLY want it. But for those who just want to test it out, don't. Not even when it's on sale."
76561198046031597,Not Recommended,301910,17237618,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Yeah I know I'm dead,"Not a game, a mere demo without any proper story...."
,Recommended,301910,17989298,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Lanik,"The 11 hours I played this I found it quite fun, I'd look at myself as more of a completionist than anything so for me it was okay with all the side activities and such. I love the series and now that it's way cheaper I'd say, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,301910,17992168,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SuperSweetSucc,More like money gat out of my wallet
,Recommended,301910,18040986,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Otto,"If you already have Saints Row 3 and 4 and all the DLC for them, and want some more of the crazy fun, then get this.  If you don't have Saints Row 3 and 4 or have not played all their DLC, then get those first.This is a fine game, pretty much what you expect, but it's nothing special. Saints Row 3 is a much better game, with an actual story of some description. Gat out of Hell has no story to speak of. It's just more activities in a new setting. It's like half a game, really. They built all the surroundings, all the backstory, all the characters... and simply forgot to add the story.If the price drops to around $5-$10, then go ahead and grab it. Until then, complete SR3 and SR4 first."
,Not Recommended,301910,18024934,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Keldav,No custimization at all. Thats right none what so ever. If your playing co-op as the rest of the SR games prepare to disconnect. Gameplay was fine tho had a few laughs. Wish the ending was actually a proper ending and not 5 sec. would not tell non SR fan person to play. NO CUSTIMIZATION WHY DOES THAT BE A THING
,Not Recommended,301910,17757029,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,johnnyphobic,"I've got to say, as short as this is, I got a bit bored before completing it, I think I got about 57% through.It's just a rehash of the Saints Row IV map, which was a rehash of the Saints Row The Third map, which is getting a bit old and worn out. Especially because flying with wings is really not far from the superpowers of IV, and a lot of the new weapons and vehicles are gimmicky as hell (pardon the pun), making it have the same appeal as Goat Simulator/Octodad/Surgeon Simulator et al, it's funny for like an hour but gets old fast.Fun, but only worth it if it's quite cheap, 4/10, would recommend Saints Row IV/The Third instead."
,Recommended,301910,17513432,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,genuinebbuck,"Short but decent I suppose. There is a lot to do but the story will randomly force you to move forward in it and did I mention it's short? Overall the gameplay is good, the sound is good and the presentation feels dated. It feels like it could have really benefitted from higher textures as a game coming out in 2014. Other than that I can really only reccomend it to those who have played and enjoyed the rest of the game since at least Saint's Row 2 anyways."
,Recommended,301910,16666028,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LivingLitch,"$20 for 7 hours of fun? The movies cost more. You get an area about 1/3 the size of SR4 thats hell themed, with the super powers changed to heaveb or hell powers."
,Not Recommended,301910,16721682,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,sealy12345,"I really like Saints Row games but this one is a disappointment, this doesn't even really feel like a Saints Row game. Is it because THQ went under that this game is so short? It just feels like a poorly copy-pasted version of Saints Row 4 with little to no content and quite a lot of bugs (got trapped inside a rock on the flying tutorial so had to start over)Been playing for just under 2 hours and already at 50%Not worth the price, just get Saints Row 4 or 3, or 2, but not Gat out of Hell.Only get it if it's in a 90% sale.Kind of disappointed with Volition on this one and will think twice before buying a next Saints Row (if there is one) if they are just gunna cut corners like this, this one was way too lackluster and just seems like it was made in about 1/100th of the time it took to make any of the other Saints Row games"
,Recommended,301910,16723071,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ser Scratch,"It's simply a HELL of a good time! Pun intended. Much better than IV in my opinion. Worth every penny, especially considering it was on sale. If you like the sillyness of the newest games then this is the best one."
76561198135871539,Recommended,301910,16705008,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ki113rxC0Gxx,Best Game EVER hoping for a sequel
76561198083269554,Recommended,301910,16706470,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,krokante kerel,crashed it by killing too much10/10
76561198027588450,Not Recommended,301910,16761458,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Stef1300,"This game is meh, at best."
76561198050824325,Recommended,301910,16762296,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Fedora The Explorer,"a 20 euro expandalone, get it on sale for half the price, and you should have the 1 euro = 1 hour policy working. IF you go for a full city takeover and do all sidequests, the main ""campaign"" (story?) can be completed in about 1-2 hours if you dont mess around. the whole customisation element of the game has been removed and you can only play as either Kinzie or Gat which is kinda cool in theory yet not as good as you would expect.For a saints row game this one has it's moments, but it is far from as quirky as the predecessors and that takes away from the overall feel.however 10/10 would punch satan in the face again"
,Recommended,301910,17445356,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,polq37,"Best flapping-wing-like-a-bird flying in a game yet. Good high-speed-rooftop-collectathon, sorta like Crackdown in that regard."
,Recommended,301910,17422840,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Knock Knock it's Knuckles,"""Who doesn't wanna be Johnny Gat?"" - Johnny Gat 2011"
76561198017244938,Not Recommended,301910,17428663,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,rn4life,i would wish i cud say its a good game but to bad it feels like a big dlc and not a full game im disepointed in how fast i got true the game and the boss battle was pretty easy played the game 3 h and im sorry but compare to the other saints row games this is just to smallif you really want this game get it for a small amount of money i feel like i payed to much for this game when it was already 75 % off.if the prise is like around 10 euro ore so it be a oke game but feel like a rip off for 20euro
,Recommended,301910,30580653,Posted: 17 March,all,DroppedGlobe,NEEDS CHEATS OR DLC OR MODS OR SOMETING otherwise pretty good game love it
,Not Recommended,301910,18867052,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Quinine!,"Don't get me wrong, I loved SR 3 and 4, but I wouldn't recommend this one. It takes place in Hell (a drab remodel of Steelport). The game dumps you into the city to cause havoc to get Satan's attention, so you go around doing the small territory-capture missions that are basically the same as SR4 missions. The NPCs are all the same lost soul model, the cars are the same, everything is basically the same as SR4 except with less stuff.  I guess they just wanted to squeeze a few more $ out of SR4 assets. There's a forgettable storyline about Satan's daughter.There's less customization compared to SR4... you don't get to change your character's outfit. The guns aren't as fun. It's just overall less fun in every way compared to SR4."
,Recommended,301910,18964782,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Michael Bob Jr The 3rd,to bo honst this game should of bin dlc u can blow thorw the main campain in about 3hoursall main story are just side qust packs the weapons where fun to play whit but the ending look as if they where throw together in a week it was nice to see some old charters for past gmae but there where only 3 if u conut dex this game is fun to ♥♥♥♥ around in and had some funny times and thats they only reason im giving it a postive review
,Recommended,301910,30575543,Posted: 17 March,all,acr0 rip acc xd,Really good and you can use it for Free Play or Missions!
76561198083540452,Recommended,301910,18644743,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,thehidden55,"i love the flying in the game, but this couldve just been dlc."
76561198048403541,Recommended,301910,18705014,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,M14CHU,Good Add on for saints row 4 a little glitchy at times but fun all the same
,Recommended,301910,14312417,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mainsail,"Before saying why this game is so awesome, let's look at one negative point this game had: it is very short. I haven't finished all the side missions/challenges, but 5 hours were enough for me to complete all the main quests. Apart from that problem (which seems to be a problem with a lot of games lately), this game is awesome. It has a nice little narration, the gameplay is fun, and, as it is a Saints Row game, it has some very humourous moments. Also, the final boss music was amazing, and I liked that there were several possible endings."
76561198000923268,Recommended,301910,18741511,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bob The Sly,4 hours later with some youtube breaks inbetween and I've completed the game... Good game I must say but a bit short.
76561198030404344,Recommended,301910,18851556,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,Fun add on for Saints Row 4. All my hours were all in one session so it was decently addictive. Do bear in mind that it's entirely side quests outside of the final boss though.
,Recommended,301910,18940800,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,inj3ct0r.farmskins.com,amazing
76561198030914653,Recommended,301910,17879006,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,id_ross,"Short but sweet, lots of fun and well worth it for a tenner.  Good for existing fans of the series, not the best introduction though."
76561198145303366,Recommended,301910,16901433,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Juni0rM,"Saints Row não pode faltar na minha lista de jogos e com esse novo jogo não seria diferente. Mesmo sendo um pequeno titulo é um otimo jogo, muito divertido. Se aventure no inferno com Gat e Kinzie e enfrente os subordinados do Satan para salvar o Boss, que foi capturado para se casar com a filha do chefão do inferno.Recomendo a todos.====================================================================================================================================================================================================Saints Row can not miss on my list of games and this new game would be no different. Even as a small title is a great game, very fun. Venture in hell with Gat and Kinzie and face the children of the Satan to save the Boss, who was captured to marry the daughter of the boss from hell.I recommend it to everyone."
76561198074095657,Recommended,301910,16920883,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,pitabox987,"Absolutely hilarious! - Bought this when it was on special because I wasn't entirely sure about it, but the gameplay is fun and very addictive; if you enjoy Saints Row IV, you will love Gat Out of Hell!"
,Recommended,301910,16889260,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Way too much fun.  Fly around, explode Satan's minions, unlock superpowers to more efficiently explode Satan's minions.  And laugh at all the absurd dialog and writing, of course."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,301910,17651553,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,They just need money so if you want to give 2k your money go ahead... otherwise your life with be just fine without this game.
76561198075747020,Not Recommended,301910,17870238,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,AllTheWayBaby,waste of money
76561198157588825,Recommended,301910,18137571,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,BOT Arnold,"Brilliant game,can't stop playing for a first day :)"
,Not Recommended,301910,18139017,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Rumpleteazer,Unless you LOVE the challenges in Saints Row 4 do NOT buy this game. This DLC was pretty much 2 story quests and the rest was just challenges. Extremely dissapointed in this DLC and I love Saints Row. Can not recommend.
76561197971025896,Recommended,301910,14533684,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,capmjh,"An interesting, but not difficult, appetizer until Saints Row V.This was a very enjoyable mini-portioned game, with a much more limited playing area, suitable for the price paid. The Quests are limited, but the player can try to conquer all of the Activities to make the game last longer. The new weapons are good, but some old favorites can be very effective. The voice acting is well done also.The player gets to choose from one of 5 endings after the final victory, which was a nice touch.Recommended."
76561198131931920,Recommended,301910,18224406,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Technocity,The game is decently fun but with how short it is its not woth the price
76561197976316985,Not Recommended,301910,18225854,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[WZH] PostMortal,"TL;DR: if youre a fan of Saints Row, get it in a sale, If youve never played it before, get SR2/3Pretty Fun, and funny in places, but only incredebly short. Do not get this game at full price.if youre not a fan of saints row, give it a miss.If you have never played saints row before? play the second and/or third game before deciding weather you want to spend money on this one. In my Opinion the third is the best but SR2 is not far behind.SR4 and GooH seem laclustre in comparison with unimaginitive missions.SR4 is essentially a superpowers expansion for SR3 with a bit of story tacked on, GooH is a further expansion set in hell."
76561198018045183,Recommended,301910,18164090,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,daniboyi,"I have mixed feelings about this game as a whole.The story itself is short, but told decently well through amusing narrative and some funny missions here and there.The side missions are awesome and fun as always, like hitting frat-demons through goals with a spanking-bat (whatever it is called) or just doing insurance fraud as a condemmed soul trying to decrease the years spent in hell.The weapons are amazing and fun as always, just from the famous arm-chair, to (my personal fave) the flame-sword Uriel's edge, which casts a blazing inferno of death and destruction.The powers are also quite good, love being able to summon an large demon to fight my battles for me, or just make demons bow to me with my god-aura.But where this game really shines for me personally, is the flight and flight controls. I mean GOD DAMN! this is the smoothest, best programmed controls for any flight-system I have ever seen in gaming! this takes the gliding from Saints Row 4 and improves it by 1000 % at minimum.I can have fun with this game, just flying around for hours, diving and narrowly flying inbetween buildings and through tunnels, getting the thrill of ultimate speed and pure control that reacts to the smallest twitch of the mouse.I literally can't worship the flight-system in this game enough and I can honestly, and with no regret, recommend this game just for its amazing flight-controls."
,Recommended,301910,18190782,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,kiseruyoru,"Most people talk about money investment, I'm going to talk about time in to fun out, because I can't be the only gamer desperately low on free time, who has to ditch entire genres because he doesn't even have the time to learn how to play a game, let alone sink hundreds of hours into it. I assume most people can afford 20 USD for a game a couple times a month, or at least one -- time is much more than money these days. Games are cheap.Steam's lying with its 4.3 hours, I got 8, no question. I got 8 hours of flying around, like, Hell -- as Gat and/or Kinsey. I got 8 hours of weird weapons, a fun reskin of the insurance fraud side-activity, legendary weapons, and slightly more content than I even wanted any part of (you grind all the money to max the weapons, I don't have time) -- I got killer cutscenes, and one that was just damned hilarious (think Buffy's ""Once More, With Feeling"" episode).If actually prefer this to Saint's Row IV, to be honest. What side-games are there bore me much, much less, and make no appearance at all in the 'main missions'. Just run around causing havok until you feel like crashing a wedding really, that's all there is to it, and I spent most my time flying around, collecting the nearly 1000 (I gave up at the last 100) soul orbs. There's no real need to, but I enjoyed the experience, and that's all I ask.If you jsut plow thru it, the game really is about 4 hours or so, and it's still worth it even if you don't want to do all the mess around and/or grindy optional stuff. I did some, ignored quite a lot of it, and had a ball. But the main selling point is absolutely just the laughs the story has to offer, and can be gotten in as little as 4 hours.The 'fun' density is thru the roof, and I'd take 8 hours of this for 20 USD over 20-40 hours of most games for free.There's plenty of content to get 20 hours or so out of by the way, or just replay it (I might) -- but I won't try to sell it on that. What matters is a compact, enjoyable experience -- extra hours of 'this is all right' are a hindrance, not a help. I don't want fluff that keeps me from the good bits, but I guess it's nice to have fluff that you can totally ignore if you like."
,Recommended,301910,16335049,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sudymo,"Reviewing Gat out of Hell is pretty easy: if you liked the increasing levels of insanity in 3 & 4, you'll enjoy this game. If you wish the series was still a GTA rip-off like 1 & 2, you'll hate it."
,Recommended,301910,20260609,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Alphazen,GTA welcomes Hell! Great Fun!
,Not Recommended,301910,20250552,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rumi,"With SR4 being pretty much SR3-2, this game is SR3-3.  It's pretty much SR4 but extremely lacking.- Very little cusomization in both looks and weapons. In anything really.- No radio, a lot of hell-ambience replaces music even at the mission-complete screen.- It's extremely prone to crashing in insurance fraud even though that's one of the very first missions you're likely to do.+/- Story is really short, most of the meat is in sidestuff but with the very small amounts of customization it doesn't make you eager to do anything. If you just want to blow stuff up without a goal, I guess this is alright.+ You can fly, it feels pretty good.+ The cutscenes are still nice.5/10 Not unplayable, I had some enjoyment out of it. It's just very bland."
76561197994750102,Not Recommended,301910,22492435,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Karrion,"Remember how Saints Row 4 was kind of a shadow of Saints Row 3?  Basicly the same thing but just kinda 'less""?  Gat out of Hell isn't even that.  Most of the elements of SR3 have been stripped out. No customizing cars, no clothing options, no gang.  No DLC. No, I tell a lie. There is DLC. One new weapon. One recolor of your wings. You don't even get to play the boss. So that charater you spent time crafting the image of in 3 and 4? You see him/her for a couple minutes at each end of the game.  You play Johnny Gat or Kinsey. There is a co-op mode in case you want to bore a friend. I honestly think the game was never finished. The game play consists almost entirely of shooting demons, using powers to kill demons and flying around collecting orbs(souls) to upgrade you powers. There really isn't much story line. The wackyness is largely gone. Don't be expecting gimp-drawn cart gun battles.  Best you get are demon fratboys and a Satan/Satan's daughter musical number.  Seriously, save your money(I paid $5) and go replay SR3."
,Recommended,301910,22508589,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Acierocolotl,"I paid $5.00 for it, and I got about $5.00 of fun out of it, so that's a fair deal.  I did laugh like an idiot when I saw the musical cutscene, after all.  If I paid more, I would have likely been upset.Buuuut since you'll have to play as Johnny Gat (okay) or Kinzie (not a fan of the oversharing weirdo), your mileage may vary.  Some few people I know absolutely need to make their own weirdo, and I respect that."
76561198035328998,Recommended,301910,22488276,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,HammerofHobbles,Like all of the series this is a game that is funny and fun. What more can be asked for?
,Not Recommended,301910,22503657,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,LemmeSmash,gameplay is damn short
76561198151948177,Recommended,301910,22503674,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,||【OMNEZIA】||,"its a fantastic game great flying controles, car managenent etc. I love the game especially when i hit a demon and it flyes in to a house and gets stuck(should prob get it fixed may ruin game for others)"
,Recommended,301910,22485812,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,iHannah,Wings.
,Not Recommended,301910,22486641,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,8one6,Glad that I bought this one on sale. There's a bug that causes the game to crash when you finish Torment fraud.
76561198075878804,Recommended,301910,22480811,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dredarie,"*Plays nonstop**Gets to musical**Jaw drops**starts crying**musical ends**Leaves review*KEEP MAKING MUSICAL NUMBERS, THEY'RE AMAZING!"
76561198282089529,Recommended,301910,22459848,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,STROM,one of the best open world
76561198042452491,Recommended,301910,22460637,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ethanshatonme,Just watched an ambulence hit 15 people trying to save one  10/10
,Recommended,301910,22466406,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,bleonard297,"Holy Musical Interlude Batman…  I’ve purchased all the Saints games and have enjoyed this one just as much as the prior games, especially Saints Row IV.  But holy crap, possible spoilers?, the musical interlude has touched me in ways that only Galavant has recently.  I purchased the game on sale and regret not getting it earlier.  I have no idea what else this game holds in store but if there’s more musical interludes I am saddened that I can only give it a positive review once.  With all that said, I might be a little drunk, so take it as you will.P.S.  I have no proper way of measuring a little drunk so I might not remember posting this."
76561197985899565,Recommended,301910,22466998,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,redrumdrake,a ton of fun if you like saints row.
,Recommended,301910,21485580,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Blazebeak🔥,A short saints row game. It's ok for it's price but you have to know that it wont be as good as 3 or 4. Just because it wasn't as good as 3 or 4 doesn't mean it deserve a downvote like some people are giving it. It's a spin off and it's not meant to wow you. That's why they priced it low. Pick it up during a sale if your a fan of the games and ignore all the bad reviews.
,Recommended,301910,21810679,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,miffleypuf,does any one else have problems saving the games
76561198022658933,Recommended,301910,22254625,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gamingman,"Like having fun?Like jokes?Then this is the game for you, not that long but amazing cool little package"
,Recommended,301910,22437506,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Zapredaná Kurva,Game you must have
,Recommended,301910,22440193,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nick Valentine,"Dear possible buyer,This game is silly fun.  Much like Saints Row 3 and 4.  However, this game is quite short.  However, in that short amount of time, you are granted an incredible sandbox and story experience.  Basically, Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy this game.From, Me"
,Recommended,301910,22435476,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mahair123 | The Canadian Fury |,its worth it if you get it with the franchise pack
76561198127370673,Recommended,301910,15718702,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Saint Cyrious,"It is what it is. A game that was suppose to be a DLC for SR4. At the current momnet I have put in 7 hours and have done all of the story and side missions. And I really tried to take my time and do all of the things there and not power through it. It's a good game to play on the weekend when you have time, and you have to really like SR4.I just have two complants about the game, but doesn't really affect how much I love saints row.- The wall running is a little buggy and sometimes tough to get up sides of a building- When you start shooting at demons the NPCs go ape s-h-i-t and keep running you overI will contine to play it so that I can get the achievments and challenges for the game for shigiles.TL:DR Would recomd for someone that likes SR4"
,Not Recommended,301910,15701198,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CM | Ekran Bozuldu,"You realy dont need it if you have SR 4,Nothing realy changed in my opinion,nothing new added as i played.I dont recomend buying it :)"
76561198018960356,Recommended,301910,14121637,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Parnold☯Prunce,"Gat out of Hell is a standalone expansion for Saints Row 4. Being an expansion it's not to big or long. Story is much shorter and not as good as the other games, and the map is smaller as well. This time the map is in hell, but is the smallest one yet. There's also no homie system, which is a real shame, and no radio at all, which sucks as Saints Row 4 had a good thing going with on foot radio.You play as either Johny Gat or Kinzie, trying to save the boss (who is carried over if you have Saints Row 3 or 4 installed). Some old characters are back (Dex, Dane Vogul, Viola and Kiki) and the new ones are just as cool (Blackbeard, Vlad, Shakespeare and Satan!) The same humour from the past few Saints Row games is here as well, there's even a musical scene! If you don't like that humour and prefer the serious nature of SR1 and 2 then this is not for you.You still have superpowers, but now you also have wings! The new hell weapons are pretty cool as well (mostly just reskins of older weapons though), and the new map is pretty cool, despite also being mostly just parts of Stillwater and Steelport with a hellish twist.6.8/10"
76561198063149552,Recommended,301910,14129427,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tugra.99,story is a little bit short but It is fine.
,Recommended,301910,15647664,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,WiredRayne,"A load of fun, but still, its DLC.  Just like SR4.  The new devs are just lazy, and milking the SR3 cash cow to the grave.  I beat this thing in moments, I didn't even get all my powers."
,Recommended,301910,15648724,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Crash #TSTJ,"This game was practically designed for co-op, and if you play through it that way, you'll have loads of fun."
,Not Recommended,301910,15641624,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bendik,so bad. if u play other SR dont buy this u'll disaponted with dat♥♥♥♥♥♥4hours game.
76561198085944711,Recommended,301910,15310976,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,misterm33k,great game but  if you use a gamepad you will have a little bit of headache there is no way to customize your gamepad
,Recommended,301910,15316459,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Snakbite,10/10Would punch demons in the sac again
,Recommended,301910,15390652,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Misthawke,"This is a great game, and makes for an excellent new addition to the Saint's Row series. You can play as either Kinzi or Gat, which is cool. Because the game takes place in hell, you will meet up with a lot of charcaters from the series' past, as well as some interesting and humorous versions of some very prominent and well-known historical figures. The game also has five or so different endings to choose from, so that is also nice. Overall, I think this is a great game, and I recommend it to long-time fans of the series and newcomers alike."
76561197996046548,Recommended,301910,15330864,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jawes,Nathan Fillion as God.10/10
76561198079701765,Recommended,301910,15477613,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Desert Fox,i will live for evergod doesn't want me in heaven and satan is scared i'll take over 10/10
,Not Recommended,301910,15487076,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Aedis,"I have been a great advocate of Saint's Row since SR: The Third, but after the last two additions to the saga - I feel very dissapointed, both of these games should have only been expansions or DLCs to SR4 they are not worth enough to be stand alones."
,Recommended,301910,15658911,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TheSquash3,"Gat Out of Hell is like any other Saints Row game except the setting is in hell, you can fly, and the story is much much shorter. It is a very fun game but you can beat it in a couple of hours. Buy when on sale. 7/10"
,Recommended,301910,15658968,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Gaudion,"Did you like Saints Row IV? No? Then don't get this game expecting a more suitable product to you.But if you enjoyed Saints Row 4 and got twenty bucks or so to spend depending on if it's on sale or not, then you should consider purchasing this game, you get essentially what you pay for in respect to what you paid for of Saints Row IV.Gat goes into hell with Kinzie and it's a lot like Saints Row IV respectively in story, expect mini-sized and has a music number in it involving Jezebel, Satan, Kinzie and Gat all singing at some point, which I'll say made me laugh.I'd say for what it's worth, I enjoyed it for what I paid for.I recommend this game purely for those who liked Saints Row IV enough to want just a little bit more of the Saints Row universe."
,Recommended,301910,15663482,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Yolhan,This game is great. It was short but for the proce I was well entertained. Worth the money and time
76561198072167415,Recommended,301910,15664058,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jinjunda0244,"I've been playing this game the entire afternoon, and I'd say that it is a pretty decent game with a lot of fun. As a expansion of Saints Row 4, the gaming style is very similar to the vanilla game, so is the ridiculous story. Now some religious element has been added into the game. If you are not offended I'd say that the game is very fun.Story: I'll save the spoiler for here, Let's just say that this game uses a lot of lazy cutscene plot similar to the Enter of Dominatrix DLC. I'm cool with that as this is not a complete standalone game. I'm happy that the game loaded by SR4 character instead of putting a default guy as the Boss. There is a funny Disney-style musical drama. Some of the endings are pretty cool.Environment: The New Hades is an ugly city because it is hell. Aside from the theme color issue, I'd say that the new city is a nice try. It is still somewhat similar to the virtual Steelport, but I feel that they are trying to bring Stillwater back, which is good. The civilians are all tortured souls (boring), but the city is well designed and had a variety of places.Gameplay: The flying function is the main theme of the game. I think it is a perfect combination of SR3 skydiving and SR4 gilding. Very fun and satisfying experience once you learn how to play it. Similar to SR4, the vehicle gameplay is pretty weak. I feel like the enemy in this game is stronger than SR4 and some of the activities are challenging. HOWEVER, some of the OP upgrades from SR3 have come back, so eventually the game will be easy enough.Long-term gameplay: the amount of data cluster is monsterous, and there are a huge bunch of challenge if you want to complete them. The city is a nice place to explore due to its complex terrain, but it's not as fun as Stilwater as the NPCs are dumb and there is no costomization in this game.Downside: no costomization. Generally you start with Gat but can swap to Kinzie at headquarter, but they have no difference aside from some script lines. There is no clothing store and (maybe I just didn't find it?) radio. The only costomizations come from the pre-perchase DLC and do not affect any gameplay. These somehow compromise the fun of free roaming, but it's understandable since it's not a full game.TL;DR: you will get what you paid for if you buy this cheap game, so I think it's worth it."
,Recommended,301910,16092597,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,M. Night Shiyamalama-sama-kun,"With the removal of the silly restrictions of a character being alive or dead to show up the game, Gat out of Hell is a regular who's who of ""Who can we get to voice act these characters again?""  Turns out the answer wasn't as supportive as they would have liked, so they got Liam O'Brien to do a bunch of historical figures.  The game plays a lot like IV with an extra coating of polish on the super powers, but this time in the depths of Hell.  Of all the techniques for Satan to employ, I hardly expected him to torture us with upbeat singing and dancing, but that's the Ruler of the Darkness for ya.  And not a single reference to ""42"" for the answers to life and the universe?10/10, Very Saints Row, would Saint again."
,Recommended,301910,16126604,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Just for anyone unaware, this game acts as a standalone DLC from Saints Row IV. Whatever character you last saved with on SR4, that's the one who will appear in SRGH. Anyway, this game was pretty fun. It gave a decent bit of closure to IV, and it was fun. This game was really short though, so that was a serious fault in my opinion. I'd give this a 7/10"
76561197967874190,Recommended,301910,15804040,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Wasabi_Donut,HELL lotta Fun !!
76561198135140705,Recommended,301910,19464937,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,GeoWolf,"Yes, it's short, but meh, you get punch Satan in the face and fight with DJ Shakespeare. 10/10 Great mod- I mean game."
76561198189500363,Not Recommended,301910,19485414,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nox,"Honestly was looking forward to this as I love the Saints series. Just played it and it confused me to hell (no pun intended). It's all over the place expecially if you're playing co-op, we lasted 50 mins before going cannot even deal with this.Sad times."
,Not Recommended,301910,19484875,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Chrizie,"This is like ""Saints Row: the Sequel on a budget"". There are no vehicles of any value anymore, most powers are the same as saints row 4, the story, while funny, is just too rushed, your ""Allies"" have no input on the game at all and the general gameplay is finished within 10 hours, 15 if you're a completionist."
,Not Recommended,301910,19357377,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fayt,Saints Row Gat out of Hell is in my opinion just a DLC for Saints Row 4 and to be honest it's not awful but there is nothing really that interesting either unless you are a HARDCORE Saints Row fan. I will now tell you the good and the bad.The good-Game feels like Saints Row 4 gameplay-Humor still exists-Minigames are enjoyable-You can fly-Multiple endingsThe bad-VERY short story-Minigames are pretty much the entire game-Bugs on occasion-Driving is basically non existant I mean it still exists but its really unenjoyable due to the fact that there is no variety with the cars and you can't even save them or modify them.-No storesOverall it just feels like a scraped project or DLC that was underdeveloped so in the end it's a 6.2/10 and not really worth it unless it's on sale
,Recommended,301910,19379065,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,lilblueguydragon,It's a great 3hrs Worth a game.. unfortunatly...
76561198056805943,Not Recommended,301910,19682464,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fuzzy Bumpkins,"As a long-lived fan of the series, this final installment of Saints Row was very dissapointing. This game's likeness is honestly based off of what you look for in a Saints Row game. Personally, I enjoyed the weird and wacky stories, references, and content that was provided in each game which made each installment very enjoyable. With Saints Row:Gat Out Of Hell, the game is literally a prolonged $20 DLC for SR4 where I struggled to find even 10 hours of content in the game. The story is the same basic formula as the others except it is now about 3-4 missions long and the rest is just open-world gameplay. However, not even the gameplay lasts that long so most of the fun will be the 1-2 hours you spend blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up before you get bored. Unfortunatley, the designers attempted to compensate by adding new weapons (which, by the time I got them, I was already done with the game) and new powers (which is just SR4 powers+ flight). So again, if you like Saints Row for the open-world gameplay and and destruction, this may be the game for you. However, if you're like me and play Saints Row for the content, you will be deeply dissapointed. Either way, I recomend buying this game on sale if you're interested because it is not even worth its cheap price."
,Recommended,301910,19667574,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,quad341,"Though a hard call on whether to say yes or no to recommending the game, I come down barely on the yes side.The core gameplay is quite similar to SR4, though all with themes of the underworld. This I find to all be a great idea. The idea that you get to actually fly and collect things based around actually flying around is great. It gives one more reason to want to collect the ""souls"" that are floating around.The writing, when it feels like being present, can be pretty good. There were a couple times I laughed out loud at the game. The combat is still over the top and a bit silly. Stuck together with the rest of the game, this all sums to an enjoyable though not great game.But what about what I didn't like?- The enemies vs super powers feel like the scales were tipped more to the enemies (comparing SR4 and Gat out of Hell on Normal). The extra challenge isn't exactly bad, but all too often I felt I needed some sort of shield/dodge/way to actually take cover which the game doesn't provide. Using my sprint to knock enemies down ended up being the best strategy- The notoriety seems to build from tons of actions but the only way to get rid of it (other than waiting) is to pay a vending machine for... reasons. This lacks the cleverness of catching a golden cid from SR4, is actually less convenient, and doesn't explain why clearing out a given area for a task doesn't help it to go down. Sometimes I would have to break off some of my exploring around town just because I had attracted an army by just trying to do tasks- Everything is super shallow. They seemed to want to cram a similar amount of upgrades and powers and gus and so on into the game as SR4 but none of them feel as worth while as a result.- There is little story and very few ""main"" missions.- The entire affair is short. 4-5 hours of gameplay to get through the main story and as many side adventures as I cared to do. Evne the ""side quests"" all seem to boil down to ""go do some things around town"" with no even voice over or filler.I did have some fun in my short time in hell, but SR4 is frequently rather cheap when on sale and the much better purchase and use of time. This will somewhat scratch the itch of wanting more SR4 but to a lesser degree on all counts.Except flying. That's great here."
76561198252012656,Recommended,301910,19572093,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,iNFAMOUS,"First time ive played saints row and ♥♥♥♥ing liked it,yea the story is short but theres a lot what to do in the open world,if you want a challenge try to finish the game on hardcore.i bet you cant!"
76561197970787854,Not Recommended,301910,19622373,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RightHander,"I can't recommend it as it's simply SR3 dlc content recycled.+cutscences are funny-no customization-all the missions are simple dlc fetch tasks(get hit by cars, flying race) etc. Nothing story driven-engine is dated"
76561198002594621,Recommended,301910,19605611,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,harrissdg,"Small but FUN.Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington go to Hell to rescue The Boss from a 'shotgun wedding' to Satan's daughter.Building off of Saints Row IV, GooH lets you play either Johnny or Kinzie (swapping between the two) as they tick off Satan (by conquering Hell, like any other city) to the point that they can confront him and rescue the Boss. To help, they are given the broken pieces of Lucifer's halo, granting them a portion of the powers he once held.The primary ability is angel wings, allowing for super-leaping and flight (not gliding, actual flight, complete with airplane controls). Support abilities include angelic magic (blast, buff, stomp, and summoning) and super-speed. The returning powers are essentially the same, though they have different elements. Replacing telekinesis is summoning, allowing you to call forth an imp or three, a stationary defensive tower, or a massive demonic titan; with investment, it is a strong, tactically interesting, and fun power.The level cap is 20, there are only 900-ish clusters / souls to collect for maximum super powers, and the activities are fairly easy to get gold in (especially with the level-unlocked ability that grants more time to complete activities).Negatives:No radio of any kind really sucks, especially since the credits make it clear that a ton of sound files are present.The Seven Deadly Sin themed unique weapons are a mixed bag. Some are excellent (greed SMGs), some are weird enough to become excellent (lust shotgun and wrath RPG), some are okay (pride pistol, envy sword, sloth ""assault rifle""), and some are terrible (gluttony special).Barely interact with the allies. They are interesting characters, and they have great screen presence, but after first meetings and one loyalty mission they all effectively disappear.APC recovery activity. Wow. Did not enjoy that.Weapon upgrades are very expensive.Satan was an easier fight than I expected.Satan Rage meter fills really quickly.Positives:Flying through Hell is one of the most soothing things I have ever done in a video game. Which is a bizarre sentence to say.Johnny and Kinzie kick so much butt, have great lines, and feel like slightly different characters.Never invulnerable, so combat is always a threat.Each region of Hell has its own style and tone. The creatures are the same, but the architecture feels quite different.Fun activities. Some are one-time, and others are repeatable, just like SR IV, but almost all are fun.Three weapons per slot. One mundane weapon, one Hell weapon, and one 7 Sins weapon. All the mundane and Hell weapons are interesting, effective, and well designed.The powers are all great. Except for Buff, they are well balanced. All are fun.Nathan Fillion is the voice of God.Selectable ending."
,Recommended,301910,19575383,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Link XL1,"Saint's Row lite. the game is light on the jokes, light on the gameplay, and light on the story.the idea that you play as johnny gat (or a tacked on kinzie) seems a bit strange given the level of customization inthe main character the franchise is known for. why would i want to be johnny when i can just be my own character?? as for the actual game, it is unfortunately just saints row 4 gameplay with a coat of hell paint, and even worse, the main missions are just a series of side quests to earn various characters ""loyalty"" which has no bearing on anything at all. the only thing really worthwhile in the game is the ability to fly, and even thats just glorified gliding.the only reason i even recommend the game is if, like me, you havent played any saints row for a while and just need a quick fix. cause thats all this is: a quick fix. get on a sale.edit: there was this one cutscene, 1/3 of the way through, that really showed off what the game could have been. but it feels like the biggest problem is that not enough went into this expansion"
,Recommended,301910,19679208,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Anime Boy,"Well, it's an alright game, Here are my pros and cons for this game. My pros for this game is that the game has an interesting setting, Well written dialogue, good voice acting, good characters, good plot, refreshing superpowers and the parodies of Disney movies was well done. But my cons, Are the royalty missions are nothing but repetitive side activities and the game is short that you may beat it in one sitting or for a couple of hours. So, Overall its a alright game, it's not bad nor good. You might get a kick out of it. I would recommend it!"
,Recommended,301910,19653804,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Grimsukka,"It's short and lacks story, but weapons and setting are fun. (Side)missions are more or less of the same that there's been in Saints Row for several games. Refreshing to play with someone else than your boss character.Not worth for full price, but worth for few hours of fun from sale."
,Recommended,301910,20005560,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mogley,Great game to play with friends.
,Recommended,301910,20006513,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheSoulPig,"The story mode was disappointingly short, but chock-full of Saintsy hilarity and goofiness."
76561198067401591,Recommended,301910,20023188,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,trilogy,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561197972636851,Recommended,301910,19989983,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Woz,This is a mixed feelings review.First off. There is a game breaking game that hits a percentage of people that means you are unable to complete the game. When you beat Satan and select an ending the game crashes to desktop. This has been known for over a year and yet NO FIX has been made availabel for this. How hard can it be to fix a crash for playing a video?The game is really a follow on from SR4 and so plays similar with some extra twists. good fun but not as large as SR 3&4
76561198073279276,Not Recommended,301910,19950179,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AceGokuu,"feel's like a DLC. no customization, no radio in cars ( a missed oppotunity)it's fun the first time you play it but after that there's no point unlike other saints row games with ton's of side quests. this game is do side quests then get a cutscene"
76561197972180709,Recommended,301910,19971576,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Princess Molestia,Saints Row: Gat out of Hell. one of the very few games that lets you shoot the devil in the face
,Recommended,301910,19887356,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RainbowRadish,Short but sweet.
,Recommended,301910,14118422,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Silver Sparkle _ (Poni),Great game and love the addition of the wing mechanics the only thing that lets it down is the lack of music but apart from that everything else is great.
76561198078718666,Recommended,301910,14119128,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MinaSlut,i may have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer and it cant play it properly but i still had the best time playing it :)
,Recommended,301910,14119136,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,dppizza7,I got an reclining chair that has 2 miniguns and fires rockets. WHAT MORE DO I NEED O_o
,Recommended,301910,14120233,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,rogersm0,"Pretty much an enchanced copy of the last game, its still pretty entertaining with coop."
76561198093621737,Recommended,301910,14120307,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tacific,"Really fun, amazing, interesting, and great deal of laughs i've shared. Sorry if this isn't the best Review. I'm kind of busy having an amazing time playing it right now so I'm a little busy! You won't regret having this game ever. 11/10 potatoes."
,Recommended,301910,14120347,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Goofcat,"The flying feature was awesome, and there was the fair share of comedy. Also, 2 guys with a last name including word ""butt"" are in the credits. Good game overall. Only thing missing is a new Saints Row game with a serious feel to it."
,Recommended,301910,14120505,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Hayley Williams,Stop praying! No one can hear you.
,Recommended,301910,14120537,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Prophetweb66,"this is a must have. the game is cool with some minor things like, it has only 17 missions but will all the activities and the replay ability this is going to be awesome."
76561198093118829,Recommended,301910,14120811,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,memoriesinprint,"This game is really kind of like a pizza without the crust to me. Lot's of delicious toppings, melted cheese, and yummy sauce but with nothing really holding them all together for you to fully enjoy them.If you don't really want to read a long review, then this is a short and simple sentence that sums up Gat Out of Hell.Buy it on sale.Now if you are looking for a little more detail, welcome to the detail giving part of the review.First off, what does Gat Out of Hell do right?It is really fun. The characters are entertaining, it has some pretty comical dialouge at times, and seeing Shakespeare as a DJ was amusing. You get your powers fairly early on in the game, which is good since you most likely don't want to play through an entire game to get the powers you already unlocked in Saints Row 4.The Blast and Stomp powers return from Saints Row 4, with different elements to use this time. You also get a new power that lets you summon minions to aid you in battle. They are all fun to use in combat and go well with the new guns you get to use.Speaking of Guns, you get some pretty neat Hell based guns. The first real gun you get is the Lava Assault Rifle, which is great for getting headshots. You get some real world weapons from the Ultor corporation like a shotgun and machine gun. You also get some really unique weapons like the sloth weapon. A laz-e-boy chair you sit in and run around shooting gattling guns and firing missles.Flying is a new feature in this game, and is pretty fun to play around with. It is done in a way that gives you a good bit of freedom while giving you some limits so you can't just fly away from your problems. (You are Johnny Gat, you don't fly around from problems, you stab them in the eye and kick them in the♥♥♥♥♥♥What Gat Out of Hell does wrong.Do you like doing side missions? Because you are going to do some side missions. You don't have to do them of course, you can just not beat the game. But if you do want to beat the game eventually, you are going to do some side missions.  They pretty much got rid of the traditional story mission format for a meter that shows how angry Satan is at you. You open with some storyish missions, but nothing like in previous games. I can't knock them for trying something new, but it really just doesn't work out that great in all honesty. Loyalty missions return but unlike Saints Row 4 they are just a group of side missions and you don't get super powered homies.Your homies are gone as well, which really kind of disappointed me. I kind of loved listening to the different characters interact with each other, in Gat Out of Hell though they are in the opening cut scene and in one or two endings. You get some help from Shakespeare, Vlad, Blackbeard, and the Twins from Saints Row 3, but they don't really interact that much with well.. anyone really. They have some dialouge with you but nothing that is really completely interesting.Customization is completely gone too, and that really kind of sucks. I can understand not being able to change their physical features, but I would have enjoyed changing their clothes or at least the looks of the guns. The thought of Kenzie killing demons dressed up all bdsm mistress like seems kind of fun and like something that would have included.The last thing I will go into is that Johnny and Kenzie really are not that interesting on their own. Gat and the boss were a massacre when together. Kenzie and the boss were humerious with their exchanges, but on their own I really can't get that into them. It's not bad writing or anything, it is just the characters themself.Remember the time I said ""The last thing""? Yeah I changed my mind, you get another! The endings were all kind of empty. They are like midgame cutscenes without the game to follow. Only one really feels like a definitive ending, but really felt like it could have had a little bit more.Oh, and also Carlos from Saints Row 2 wasn't a big part of anything in this game, and I was kinda hoping he would be like, an angelic ally or something. Not really good or bad, just a hope not realized.Anyways, this is a fun game, but really not a 20 dollar fun game. If it is on sale for like, 10 or 5 dollars, definitly pick it up, but for 20 dollars I feel that there could have been more. I gave up a bottle of Baileys Irish Creme for this game and I'm not sure it was a worth while sacrifice.So there you have it, a full review of Gat Out of Hell."
76561198053239014,Recommended,301910,14120967,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,vman39,Just started the game but fun and you get to raise alot of HELL. The flying is great and the knife combat moves are fun to watch.
76561197994104795,Recommended,301910,14121477,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,spoon420,This game is alot like Saints Row 4 and I only have 1 complaint. It's way to short. Other Saints Row games gave me 60 hours of game play and I beat this one with 90% completed in 6 hours. It was still lots of fun
76561198026054011,Recommended,301910,14121693,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,"Admiral Rose, Ken Rose",Wholly crap this game is pretty awesome an I have only put in an hour of work... Im gonna say that it is mostly side missions though because i have done only maybe an hour or so an it says i 37% complete...So may be a little short but it is better to buy it for this amount than at gamestop for $50
,Recommended,301910,14121814,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dubious,"Gat out of Hell is a small slice of the Saints Row insanity, following Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kenzington tearing up hell after Satan kidnaps the President of the USA.The game revolves around filling up a &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥of-Satan-o-meter"" by completeing activites and being a general pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for Satan. At certain points the story segments are unlocked but the main plot rather bare, so don't expect more than 3-4 hours of gameplay if that's all you care about.New additions include the hell cityscape, a wide variety of very interesting weapons (the armchair with the miniguns is my favourite), a few new hell themed enemies and some slightly re-imagined powers. Instead of gliding, Gat/Kinzie has the ability for proper flight, which is by far the most entertaining form of travel in the Saints Row Series. You also have the option of switching between Johnny and Kinzie, but unfortunately this means all character customization has been removed.There are plenty of new and old characters making an appearence, but they're heavily under used. There is little interaction with any of them aside from basic quest giving and scenes that are described by a narrator rather than acted out. Fortunately, there are audio logs scattered throughout the world that can give you a little more insight into their backstories.If you're itching for some more Saints Row and you aren't tired of doing the same activities in the previous, then it's might be worth it, but personally, $20 is a bit much of an ask. Definately grab it on sale sometime."
,Recommended,301910,14121823,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kimochii~,it a nice gamebutnot have a redio musicso sad :(
,Recommended,301910,14122037,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Keltarian,"Overall it's ""alright"" as a book end to Saints4, but I think the missed an opertunity in story presentation. It's alot of Tell don't Show."
76561198016277251,Recommended,301910,14122344,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,AlexMBrennan,"I'd tentatively recommend this for fans of IV, but be very aware that the game is INCREDIBLY SHORT (about 6h)It starts a bit slow (e.g. hellblazing is virtually impossible without fully upgraded flight), and by the time you get all the awesome stuff the game is over (e.g. the SMG will go through all your ammo in 20s, enemies don't drop ammo for it, and you can only get the unlimited ammo upgrade at max level i.e. for the final boss fight).I had a lot of fun, but I really wish there was more to use all the cool guns on..."
,Recommended,301910,14118271,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SerenityAbyss,"6/10While there is little main story in this stand-alone expansion, the copy/paste similar activities have returned and that is all you have to do.I believe the only thing fun in this expansion is playing with the new powers and the big one, flight. In this game you have angelic wings and can fly around. The flying mechanic and ability is the best thing they could have made, but it makes cars and super speed useless.Sprinting can only get you so far and is probably the last thing you will do before taking to the sky at high speeds once you get it down. The terrain is super hard to navigate with just sprinting alone and overall flying will be the better choice in the end, not that I am complaining.I loved it but it's only because I am a sucker for wings and flying capabilities.The activities isn't what made Saints Row great though, the hilarious story missions did and characters, which this has little to none of that besides finding the other minor/returning characters in this new world andsaving them in the end when they get captured.Otherwise there's not much else to do besides mess around and collect stuff. That is the end goal. I have to say Gat is an awesome character and I loved when they brought him back, but this expansion lacked a lot and should not have been a stand-alone expansion at all.At most this should have a been a dlc continuing on from the last Saints Row. It would have been perfect...If you like wings/flying, the activities from Saints Row 4, new guns, new powers, and Gat or Kinzie. I'd say it would be worth buying at full price if that is what you are into.If not, I'd say wait for the price to drop to like $5 or less because it is not worth the $20."
,Recommended,301910,14122549,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,DubCove,Saints Row the Musical in Hell
,Recommended,301910,14122984,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Z3,"Great game! Its just like Saints Row 4, just a diffrent theme."
76561198049248600,Recommended,301910,14123080,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ThatDamnhedge,"Gat out of Hell is a great expansion to Saints Row 4, while it only takes a little 4 hours to finish the story there is enough to keep you going until you finish everything. It's also worth finishing the game multiple times due to different endings you can choose. This game is definitely worth 20 bucks, it's got humour, songs and everything you want in a Saints Row game."
,Recommended,301910,20014269,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fishy,OH MAH FLIPPIN DEVIL !!! I HAVE WINGS!REDBULL CONFIRMED!
76561198060520854,Recommended,301910,19966281,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,0xBACON,If you want more Saints Row then take it. It has nice humor.
,Recommended,301910,19884871,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PrequelsAin'tThatBad,"Pros:-Fun gameplay. The same as SRIV. Not a bad thing.-New city. New Hades.-2 playable characters, Kinzie and Gat.Cons:-No real main missions. The game is all side missions that lead the main story.-Very short. 20 hours for all achievements. Last achievement is to spend 20 hours in-game.Overall: 8/10."
,Recommended,301910,20019614,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mikee688,Go to Hell in STYLE!#TRyit
,Recommended,301910,20032689,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ditzgm,so this is hellnot really bad after all lol
,Recommended,301910,20029387,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[EH] Kodiak,"You play as Johnny Gat or Kinsey in hell. You get supernatural powers. It's pretty, it's fun, it's Saints Fricken Row!"
,Not Recommended,301910,20269794,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Shades2hot,Yet another title (if I can even call it that) in the Saints Row series. This time the ending of IV is entirely(?) retconned and now you can't customize a damn thing. This truly is Hell.
,Recommended,301910,20274759,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,vatterix,"4/5 stars!I love the Saints Row series and their humor. But the campaign seemed to be too quick. Yes its a $15 stand alone so you get that. But without trying I got to the end and barely touched the numerous side quests, challenges, or the gun customization.Also, final boss was kind of a joke to fight..."
,Recommended,301910,20274769,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,sumbody69,"Gameplay: 9.5-10  (very fluid and intuitive)Reason: If you played SR 4 then this is pretty much a carbon copy mechanically with almost all the same powers moves and abilities * i will clarify later*.Graphics: 10-10Reason: Think of a hellish metropolis island essentially a square shaped landmass surrounded by a lake of molten lava. I just wanted to point out that going to far out away from the main island was too creepy for me to continue so i pussed out and started back to the main island, being unitentionally creepy gave it bonus points in my perspective. I played with ultra settings on 1920x1080 and it looked very vibrant and busy with enough random fun stuff always happening to get you smiling.Overall: 9.0/ 10Reason: The game for what it is worth and the money i spent on it was 100% worth it, the only sad thing and really the single reason why it doesnt get a 9.5 or 10 is because of the lack of offline co-op as well as and sort of steam matchmaking at all. The offline co-op does not exist so they could force people to buy their own copies *smart but stingy as well*.  The supposed online co-op doesn't exist because i have no friends that play this and the steam matchmaking is a legendary joke."
76561197981409428,Recommended,301910,20338700,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hurri,"This DLC is basically a side quest special. As a player all you do is fly around or repeatedly kill countless demons. The flying mechanics are fun and this the biggest reason why I played for so long. The game is very easy, I wasn't killed even once. The only time I died was when I did the ""Die in lava"" achievment. The main story is very short, but very beautiful. It is being showed to you at random moments in form of book or a cutscene.Good game for couch planking with a controller. The game has built-in cheats. Once you upgrade your character you just stand, take tank shells to the face and laugh or return fire from crazy OP weapons.Worth spending 5 Euros. Don't buy for more because you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,301910,20334876,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Who,"Really fun, but surprisingly short.  Definitely worth buying at around $5 or less!"
76561197982087969,Recommended,301910,20347679,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Richard,It's a bit short but is a hilarious continuation of Saints Row 4 and the game mechanics are the best they've ever been for a saints row game. You can play as Gat or Kinsie but any sort of customization has been removed which is missed. Another negative is the lack of in-game music and the loose storytelling although it does have its moments. It's recommended for fans of the game and the new location is refreshing but I'd recommend buying 3 or 4 instead.
,Not Recommended,301910,20330346,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,k0mma.-,honestly I just have to say it as directly as possible.. I really think that Deep Silver took a huge dump on their legs with this game.
,Recommended,301910,20540068,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hax.avi,"Nice game.But it's short as HELL (HAHAHA JOKE,NOW LAUGH)"
,Not Recommended,301910,20607196,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Major Ocelot,"No, no, no, no, no!!  Unreal how many ♥♥♥♥ ups these game builders do, I am sure now they don't really play their own games before releasing them, Steam allows it because they make a killing like this and let us suckers buy and complain, as this new age of game testing settles in.  I guess those developers don't want good reviews, as many, they thrive in bad ones, well, I'm not leaving Saints Row any positive reviews until they let you by-pass activities that your vision is not suited for.  Jokes on them, after many years of♥♥♥♥♥♥products by Rockstar, UbiSoft and EA, those no longer get my money, as a matter of fact looks like only Eidos gets the big bucks from me.  Yeah, in every game I suck at ""blazing"" but you don't have the choice but to do it, if your eyes won't let you, you are either stuck ♥♥♥♥ing yourself or cheating.Way I look at things now, if I need to cheat to enjoy the game, you ♥♥♥♥ed up somewhere and don't deserve full price money from me.  Play your own games or hire testers, you won't get bad reviews from me on every $2 game that you sell me that needs to be cheeted to enjoy.More discrimination, more racism and more hatred coming from this crew of losers, whom I always knew were satan worshippers, now I am sure of it and this game is proof.  If you bought full price for any SR game you're a sucker; this game is no different.  Those developers do not listen to anyone but their own master, the devil satan himself.  After 5 games, they still have 1990's steering blockiness.... oh and half the game is driving.... but not in this game!!Until they get their heads out of their their collective asses, learn proper difficulty curves and that spam mass is not a substitute for proper coding, they'll keep selling me $2 games.However, as a no-non-sense kinda guy, if you got this for under $5 you got a good deal."
,Recommended,301910,20621902,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dastrox,Definetely worth 15 bucks. Took 7 hours to do everything in the game and beat it.(Pros + )+ Fun gameplay (as usual with saints row games)+ Great Humor+ Entertaining Story+  Fresh new abilitys and powers+ Truely gives you the feeling of being a badass(Cons - )- Short Story- Repetative and tedius activities- A lot of the time your just looking for collectables
,Not Recommended,301910,20382009,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SadoGodhero,"This game could be really good, but it's completly empty ! Let's explain why:1) At first, the content's game: You have 5 ""secondaries quests"" and a lot of mini-games, they are useless, you know that and you don't do it because their are reals quests !2) You launch a quest, you meet a historic character, he said you must do what he want, and you do this throught a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ useless mini-game, you do that, and you finish the quest.3) You launch an other quest, and you meet an other historic character, you did ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ useless mini-game, you won, congraculation, next quest4) Finaly, after you did four time sames things, you invoque the final boss, you fought him, you beat him with the most world's facility, you don't care about that and you choose one of five endings.5) After you choose one of five ending, you see the enfing is really bad, you re-beat the final boss and choose other ending, it's always a bad ending6) You note you play 5h on this game, and you finish him with a lot of facilityGREAT POINT: Dialogues are realy funniesSaint Row: Gat out of Hell: GiveMyMoneyBack/20"
,Recommended,301910,20358139,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,zufilico,"I don´t remember how much I pay for the dlc, for 8 hours to finish main history it's most fun I have played, more fun then gta or other open world games.In the start I was thinkink is a New Game of the Saints Row, after finish I see that is a DLC becouse you can't customize the character.I can´t believe in how a comedy game can be good write, laught for hours.For the bad side having a lot of bugs in fly mode and integration of the powers, sometimes you run to fast and the game change, for no reason, to fly mode, but is´t a problem is a good funny bugs like a bird stuck in a roof.Unfortunately THQ closed down and I can believe in new game for history line."
76561198159957404,Recommended,301910,20323894,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,P-Funk,"Very fun, exactly what I'd expect from a SR 4 expansion. The gameplay is almost identical to the game it's spun off of. Unfortunately, it's a bit shot. I maxed out my character and beat the game in less than 7 hours. Finishing the rest of the side quests and getting the rest of the upgrades would probably put me at around 9-10 hours. If you loved SR 4, pick it up when it's on sale, but don't pay $15 for it."
76561198098838488,Not Recommended,301910,20322443,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vihakopteri,"In short; this game should've been a DLC for SR:IV. It's short, and many of the powers and animations are just recycled from previous installations. It was fun in it's own twisted way, like the other Saints Row games, but personally I wouldn't recommend this. Don't pay a full price for a 5-6 hour game, and wait for an opportunity on one of the sales if you must have this.+ Guaranteed Saints Row humor+ Hell is kinda cool place to explore- Short in lenght- Recycling previous powers/animations- Cannot customize character (you play as Gat or Kinzie)"
76561198011996989,Recommended,301910,14105544,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,chris {kck},hi does anyone know what the email is for the producers of this game?
,Recommended,301910,14105722,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Valastra,"If you're a Saint Row fan, it is a must have stand alone dlc. I would recommend getting it on a steam sale though, the game seems pretty short and some of the missions are a bit repetitive. I am really dissappointed about the some of the cut scenes and lack of music (I really was hoping to listen to Bat out of hell by Meatloaf and Highway to hell by ACDC)The game had me laughing, Gat is a badass and Jezebel is a whole bunch of cute. I hope you guys have fun too, enjoy!"
76561198069458485,Recommended,301910,14106297,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Nuclear Powered,"10/10. I honestly had my doubts, but this game is fantastic. I would highly recommend it to any Saints Row fan."
,Recommended,301910,14106851,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,=GKTempl4r=,"Pros:1. Fun to play.2. Flying with wings is more interesting than it was in SR4.3. The weapons are well designed and fun to use.4. It's good to see some historical characters and some old faces in hell. Given the game itself they could not possibly go anywhere else in their afterlife after all.5. The lines are funny, filled with the traditional dark humor of Saints Row series.Cons:1. Making money is way harder than it was, for there are no stores for you to purchase. (There is some kind of currency in hell, but no stores, just weapon vending machines...Seriously?  How do they spend their ""money"" ?)2. No character customization (Which is reasonable for, 1. the playable characters are Gat and Kinze. 2. As I have said, no stores)3. It is too short. Level cap is 20 and there are only 12 main quests. I was flying in the city collecting the audio tomes when suddenly they told me Satan was mad at me and I would soon face him."
,Recommended,301910,14107383,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Trickster,"Very similar to Saint's Row 4, but a lot of fun anyway.  If you liked SR4 you'll like this, only thing I can say thats negative about it is it takes about 8 hours to do all the quests.  Side quests included.  Collectables and random killing sprees (they added some neat guns) is what has padded my time spent.  Definitely fun though."
,Recommended,301910,14108330,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,pumaman,"What I think about this game:It is short but sweet!The story is easily completed (even on Hardcore) in a few hours, but it is a Hell of a lot of fun! The game is full of great, ridiculous humor and endless a$$-kicking. It's quirky and satircal; true to the Saints Row franchise. And the flying!!!!The flying is AH-MAZING!!! Hands-down the best flight system in any free roam game I have ever played. At first it seems a little akward, control-wise, but after getting used to it it feels so free and second natured. I enjoy collecting items simply because of the flying! It's great!My only complaint is the lack of radio and more girl npcs. However, after putting some thought into it, I think that the lack of both only adds to the fact that you are in Hell! It almost makes it more believable, story-wise.I definitely think this game is worth the price! I'm only 91% done so far, but I am definitely going to strive for the remaining 8%! It is an unique, comical, and enjoyable experience!"
76561198072504317,Recommended,301910,14108540,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wiz Kawika,Awesome time killer of a game. The main story quest is short yes but theres still so much more to do aside from that. Haven't had this much fun in a game for a while.
76561198052241607,Recommended,301910,14109368,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Avel,"Saints Row is a great franchise to me. I got exactly what I expected when I bought this game: A short story forged exclusively on a wacky idea gone totally badass.  I blazed through the story in a little under 4 hours, but I still had a load of fun. I can see myself replaying it.As I said: It's short. If you want to save on money, wait for a sale if you think it's worth it. I say it's worth 20$. I wouldn't say it's as funny as Saints Row 4, but that's mainly because my quirky boss character isn't exactly doing anything or being turbo sarcastic. Gat's a whole different take on a character to play as. The flight is clunky at first, but you get used to it as fast as you upgrade it. And melee is a lot more fun, trust me."
,Recommended,301910,14103507,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,dragonesslife,I finish story that awesome game! :)
76561198173400401,Recommended,301910,14103788,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cavin.kodio1,I Pre-Loaded the game and then stayed up too 3 to play itThe game itself is just amazing the story is short but just beat the story and play the game have fun the thing i really like this is the flying and for 19.99 its a good price for a short fun game i like you can play between Kinzie and Gat co-op or single player i overall just give the game a very positive review
,Recommended,301910,14103918,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,OmegaNine,"If you liked Saint Row 4 this is more of the fun with less of the ramp up.  You instantly are a god and after the first 30 minutes there are hordes of demons shooting you out of the sky, muting your powers and absorbing tons of bullets.  The story is very tongue in cheek, but so is the game is fits well."
,Recommended,301910,14104488,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tropicrafter,You're mother fokin Johnny Gat m8. This guy will bloody fokin rek ya m8. If you wanna ♥♥♥♥ some demons and shoot satan in the face this is game for you. 666 Hail Satan
,Recommended,301910,14264263,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RyanWGaming,This game is really fun but the game end kinda fast and I want to play more and more
,Recommended,301910,14266113,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,LevL7DungElf,Most fun you can have with your underwaer on
76561198061728984,Not Recommended,301910,14268261,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Debellatio,"The game is really good. I was playing it and laughing through the storyline, it's hilarious. However, it is really short. I had played it for 5 hours, while stopping to help my father and eat without exiting the game, and I finished it with 70%. If you wait for a discount , go for it and buy it. But paying the full price of the game is just not worth it."
,Recommended,301910,14270771,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,64_B1T,100%ed the game. Pretty damn good. Best mechanics for PC from any of the SR games so far.10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,301910,14371695,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,praise jesus,2Fabu4U
76561198083466552,Not Recommended,301910,14377716,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Angelo_Xavier_Rodriguez,it keeps crashing when i load it
,Recommended,301910,14359557,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[M]erc,"If you played SR4 but thought ""this game would be way better with no story missions, customization, or music"", then Gat Out Of Hell is the perfect game for you, because it has none of those things.This isn't to say that I didn't enjoy the game, just know what you are getting: a SR game consisting almost entirely of side activities. The sandbox elements of SR have always been fun, but the brilliant campaign missions (think Murderbowl, the freefall firefight at the beginning of SR3, and the MGS inspired stealth mission in SR4) are what really make me love the series. So in that regard, GooH falls a bit short.But at a much cheaper price tag than a full game, it does a lot of things really well. Hell is a well made environment with some nice touches. The new weapons are as creative, fun, and devastating as ever. If you want to run around just destroying hundreds of demons, they definitely give you the right tools. The powers are also a nice improvement from SR4. Flying is especially of note as an improvement. It genuinely feels good to soar around hell on the wings, especially when they are full upgraded. The other powers are pretty familiar if you played SR4, but have some creative and useful improvements. But seriously, I can't stress it enough, the flying is probably the best part. It just handles so well...For a $20 game, I completely enjoyed the 8ish hour experience of completing all of the activities. But here's where I have a major problem with GooH. I've 100%'d the rest of the series (in the case of SR3, I've done it twice), and I'm going to 100% this game as well. The challenges have always been fairly grindy in past releases, but it's a little absurd in GooH. Unfortunately, the challenges weren't scaled down at all from SR3 or 4, so it takes way longer to complete them all after you've completed the rest of the game. Killing 1000 enemies with super powers wasn't a huge deal in the 30ish hour SR4, but is just hours of post game grinding in the 8 hour GooH. I have already more than doubled my ""story"" playtime just doing challenges, and I still have 1 left, which will take me at least an hour or two. It honestly lost a lot of it's fun about 6 hours of grinding kills ago. Obviously this will only be a problem for completionists, but it has certainly annoyed me.I also had a bug with the upgrade all powers achievement not unlocking (possibly due to me playing connected to my friend's game). Achievement bugs are always annoying, but this one is especially so as I'm going to have to start a new game, play my way back up to the max level (20), and go around collecting all 940 souls again. Hours of getting the same collectables for the second time is not exactly how I want to end my game play experience, but at least you can collect most of them while flying, so at least I can enjoy that.All in all, you should play GooH if you enjoyed SR3 and 4. Don't expect the same full experience as either of those, but does  feature the same kind of wacky fun. I definitely wouldn't recommend GooH to anyone who hasn't played (or enjoyed) either of the 2 previous releases, but there's plenty to love here for any Saint looking for some more murder time fun time."
76561197960282791,Recommended,301910,14360402,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kyote,"While it's got a lot missing (the gestures, the soundtrack, the main quests) it's still got fun mini games, and the flying mechanic is great."
,Not Recommended,301910,16143120,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Blackadder,"I was really hyped for this game, I was waiting for it forever. My main problem is the forced loyalty and forced activity missions. Anyway lets get on with this.the graphics are fairly the same if not a little worse. (you'll notice gats head texture to be different from the body.the story is worse; it's forced activities as I've already mentioned, the story is short and a bit lackluster. Espcially for $20/£15gameplay is the same apart from a few reskins such as flyling and running.the map is smaller and duller.overall a boring game unless1. you love SR2. you love activities3. love the loyalty missions.4. You're boring as fu ckthe game wasn't terrible but i expected more. It was really dissapointing.my personal rating is a 3/10 a shít rating.my professional rating is about a 3/10 an awful game. Although it wasn't as bad as some games, i didn't enjoy my experience Thus far. Also the devs are the biggest trolls ever.""Kill Dex – We promise you can do it this time. Pinky swear."" Yeah in the most half arsed way. You'll see. This series is dead. Any old fans like me. I would quit."
,Recommended,301910,21352290,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TheLowGodPrim,hhhhhhyihjmnbvcdr
76561198119553362,Not Recommended,301910,16832956,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Virtual,All it is is doing minigames to fight satan. it is repetitive and boring
76561198044850748,Recommended,301910,21432396,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ndimario,"Co OpI haven't done this yet but there are some optionals that seem to require co op. The buildings with 3 control points that need to be taken over in order to complete the objective seems to be impossible alone. When you have taken the first point and move to the second, the enemies are already capturing your previous flag point.GameplayIt's similar to SR3 (much like SR4) but your main method of travelling is flight with your wings. Even to a jaded gamer, this made the game a little more unique and quite fun.GraphicsFollowing the footsteps of SR4 it also uses the same graphics engine for SR3. It does the job but is not mindblowing even on max settings. It runs light and looks decent.ActingJust wait until you hear the voice of God. The cast as usual fit their roles and did justice to them.OptionalsNot much has changed here. They did add some flight based optionals which are difficult but easier after you upgrade your wings a few times. They are enjoyable. I believe Mayham has always been the most fun optional (the one where you destroy as much as you can within limited time).ConclusionIf you enjoy Saints Row from 3 and on, this will be a must play. If this is going to be your first Saints Row game, I'd suggest starting with SR3. Each has a compelling story and they do need to go in order for some of the plot points to make sense. Both SR3 and 4 should be quite cheap as well due to their age."
,Recommended,301910,30708321,Posted: 24 March,all,Blackwood,"This was ridiculous and hilarious. Vlad Dracula, Shakespeare, and the Twins walk into the hell...You get the 7 sins weapons, and spend a ton of time shooting at random demons to test them out, because some are too funny to quit.You get to beat the Devil up. And you get to play two funniest characters!I kinda hoped that there'd be another short-game of SR for Shaundi+Matt, but I guess that's not happening, so enjoy this one, and save often to try out different things."
76561197994644332,Recommended,301910,21380569,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Murderbot 5000,"Relatively short. It's really a stand alone DLC for SR4. If you played SR4 you'll find the mechanics very familiar, but with quite a few new twists on the powers in SR4. No real game breaking bugs that I found in my playthrough. If you liked SR3 and SR4, chances are you'll like this one enough to make it worth buying. As I said - it's short and nowhere near as in depth as the previous games because it really is just an expansion pack."
76561198060976574,Recommended,301910,14085031,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,the 🅱leb 🅱eneral,You can shoot Frogs.10/10 would shoot again
,Recommended,301910,21355578,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lord Exar Kun,Wacky and fun experience. 100000000000x better than that stupid series called GTA. Highly recommended!
76561198123157756,Recommended,301910,21313751,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,titan nate,so much fun with the deadly sin weps
,Not Recommended,301910,21279543,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MasqueNoMercy,"I really wanted to like this game enough to recommend.  The visuals were nice, the collectibles are fun as always some of which actually give you backstory on characters and locations, the new flying mechanic felt good, and they even added a little bit of story onto the insurance fraud missions with short bios on who you were possessing.  The new designs and story for the characters they introduce are fun good, satan and jezebel are interesting ideas and the world you explore has it's hidden charm.I get a bunch of the decisions that they made, they got rid of the homey system which wasn't really something I cared for eventhough there was so much dialog, not enough for me to want to mix and match side characters on a mission, and they got rid of the ability to save and customize cars which after you have super powers becomes kinda pointless so that made sense.  cant customize your character visually just switch between kenzie and johnny was a bummerIt just feels like development got shortchanged.  no real story line missions, the boss battle at the end was nothing special, and it was just a bunch of homey level up quests.  the lip syncing in engine didnt work at all. I finished the game pretty quickly and on discount it was worth it but at normal price i think it's too bare bones.  Like the collectibles giving out extra information it felt like those are things they wanted to implement but never did! If this were an episodic structure I would definitely be looking forward to chapter two but unfortunately this was the end of the game's story :(I don't even know where the franchise can go from here? they did the streets, hollywood, computers, christmas, space, and hell.  The only thing left is heaven and fantasy but I would hope heaven comes out as a DLC if ever. that would have been a great chapter 2, Saints row: heaven help us"
,Recommended,301910,23849506,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ctnightmare,story line was epic
76561198056471030,Recommended,301910,23929964,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ondra.kurin,"Short, no customization and only two quests, but still, New Hades looks really good, guns are amusing/fun to shoot with, and activities are fun."
,Recommended,301910,23957589,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Big Boss,i dont even know what the point of this game was bt it was okay
,Recommended,301910,23957821,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dong Wang,I had forgotten how much I loved flying around in SRIV. This was short enough to remind me how much I enjoyed that game but not long enough to wear on me. Good if you can get it on discount and want to blast a weekend away.
,Recommended,301910,23410177,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,December Man,"A short expandalone. Fun, with a memorable musical number. Get it during a sale."
,Recommended,301910,23442673,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Papa Rabi,"1st off it was not as good as the fourth does not even come close, BUT it does have great weapons but if you like capaign then u will hate this game but u should be able to go back to the ship and the simulation in this game. Thats what i think but this game feels rushed to me."
76561197980650229,Recommended,301910,23400947,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Pendragon,I think if I played this just after saint row then I'd be disappointed as there is little new here but as it's a while since I played the game it was a fun little addition to the saint row series. It's a bit short and is really just DLC but it's still fun not quite the rip roaring wild ride of the original but a solid nostalgic trip down memory lane.
,Recommended,301910,23979708,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"Very short... funny, insane gameplay as always, very nice adapted to PC plattform, and average ammount of hoursI bought the bundle, so just buy it if you like this kind of games:)!"
,Recommended,301910,15937396,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sith Sicarius,Saints Row IV in Hell with wings. What else do you need. Wait for a sale or you may be disappointed in $ to game play ratio.
,Recommended,301910,16664475,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Criffix,100% Saints Row!Too bad it's so short.. (just mainstory maybe 2-3h)
,Recommended,301910,16612549,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Deadsage,"This should have been a DLC.  I only recommend you buy it if you played all of SR3 and SR4 and are still looking for an excuse for more game time in that universe.It isn't unique enough to be a stand alone game.  Honestly, this is why I always wait for summer sales to buy games anymore.  This is Saints Row 4, set in Hell.  Saints Row 4 was Saints Row 3 set in the Matrix.I love the humor and style of these games, and will continue to play them, even if I do wait for 75% off sales to buy them."
,Recommended,301910,16614372,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,nvm-,Funny GamesCool Weapon CollectionNice StorylineVery Recommend
76561198077331218,Not Recommended,301910,16628010,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cris DMVbeil,"I really did enjoy this game, but I really don't think it's worth $20."
,Recommended,301910,15706874,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,GrizzlyNacho,"It's more of the Saint's Row you love, but pretty short. Still well worth it if you ask me."
,Recommended,301910,15710841,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Harry,"I love Saints Row Series , this Stand alone DLC is very nice , recommended , hope for more :)"
76561198084742410,Recommended,301910,15962026,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,boosims,"This is a fun short Saint Row game. It took me  about 6-8 hours to get the game and get gold on about every mini game. I had a lot of fun playing it, the only thing i didn't like was that the last boss was too easy."
,Recommended,301910,14130383,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Metalfield,"I beat it in 4 hours, so i'd say 20 euros is a little too much for the game, but its saints row so ♥♥♥♥ it.6/5"
,Recommended,301910,16809797,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TylerEmmz,"Hilarious Story, Good gameplay, excellent game.Still would prefer the older titles but Still good.I love this game, good Co-Op and singleplayer.Would reccomendMy score 6.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,16812789,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"So, if you enjoyed Saints Row 4 and found yourself thinking ""I could go for some more of that"", you will enjoy this.  If you haven't played SR4, go back and play that first because ultimately it is a much better game.In terms of gameplay, it is a half step up from 4 with the added flight mechanics.  They replace telekenisis with monster summoning, but otherwise the powers are the same just with new elements.  The new weapons are interesting, but as far as effectiveness, nothing beats a bottomless, instant reload rocket launcher.In terms of story and humor, it is a full step down from SR4.  I don't think anyone thinks Gat is as cool as the developers seem to.  The mission structure is also non-existant and the laughs are a lot less consistant.  There are still some really funny moments, but it falls far short of it's predecesor as far as pulling everything together cohesively."
,Recommended,301910,16816009,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Rotten Pizza,"It's okay I guess, I mean your getting what it says on the box. It's a $20 expansion to an already great game. It's really short though so I'd suggest just getting it on sale."
20135846574545142,Recommended,301910,16816602,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ashx ღ,"Ratings:AspectRatingStory Plot★Graphics★ ★ ★ ★Gameplay★ ★ ★Controls★ ★ ★ ★Overal Rating: ★★★Plot Overview:This game continues right where Saints Row IV left off, so if you haven't played it, you will be confused. Instead of playing the Saints leader, you can either play Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington. During Kinzie's birthday party, Matt convinces the gang to play with an ouiji board. They continue to play around with it until they ask if the boss will ever get married. The board then continues to move and spells out the name ""Jezebel"" and the boss is sucked into a portal to Hell. Determined to get him back, Johnny makes the ouiji board open up another portal for him, and Kinzie joins him. While there, Johnny and Kinzie team up with Dane Vogel (Saints Row 2), Blackbeard, Shakespeare, and Vlad in order to take down Satan. In order to save the boss, you have to obtain an invitation to the wedding between the boss and Jezebel (Satan's daughter).Pros:Another addition to the Saints Row franchiseAbility to swap between Johnny or KinzieUpdated graphicsNew super powersNew weaponsTypical Saints Row humorMultiple endings to choose fromCons:Basic story plotMultiple endings are vague and shortFallen Angel wingsLimited Wing Flaps (explained below)Pulls away from the storyEndings:Censored out to avoid spoilers. (mouse over them to view)Reunite Johnny with the love of his life. (Eesh)Crown Johnny the new King of HellFind the Saints a new home for what's left of humanityHave God recreate the Earth and retcon the entire world of Saints RowHave God bestow Johnny with answers to all the questions of the universeCommentary:I've been a fan of the Saints Row series for a while now, and I loved the fourth installment to the series. When they announced that the Saints would be going to Hell, and that you would be playing someone other than the boss, I was excited. I was even more excited about the Fallen Angel wings that you get. Unfortunately, the wings turned out to be a major let down. The wings give you the ability to fly, just as you could in the fourth game, but it came with a price. You have to keep up at a certain speed or you will ""stall"" and Johnny/Kinzie (whoever you're playing) will start to fall. The wings cause you glide very slowly, and to increase the speed, you must flap your wings. This wouldn't have been a problem if you didn't have a limit. When flying, you have a limit as to how many times you can flap your wings to pick up your speed. At first you start off with just one, and as you level up, you can purchase upgrades to increase this number. I found the wings to be extremely annoying. Whenever you jumped, just even a little bit, the wings would spring out. I don't think it will be a problem for you, if little things like that don't bother you.Moving onto the story plot. I felt that the story plot was kind of basic, and that not a lot of thought was put into it. All you do is run around doing things to fill up a bar (located in your Hub) which is Satan's rage bar, until it's full and it triggers a cutscene. Until that bar is full, you're not doing anything important. Most of the missions you do aren't substancial to the story plot, but are rather filler missions in order to make this game longer. I enjoyed the game in parts, but for the most part, I felt that it was slightly rushed. You spend hours doing nothing, until the rage bar is full at which then, you're back to actually completing the main story line. I enjoyed the cutscenes where it shows a story book, it felt as if you were reading a story or watching a movie, rather than playing a game. I still enjoyed Johnny's typical behavior of saying that he wanted to shoot Satan in the face.A new feature that I liked was that the game offers multiple endings. Instead of having to complete certain tasks to unlock them, once you defeat the final boss, you're taken back to the story book, and you select the ending that you want to choose. I would have enjoyed this more if the endings were longer than 30 seconds - 1 minute. A few of the endings seem like they could be future expansions to the franchise, but the endings gave very few details for you to be able to tell.In conclusion, Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell was an entertaining game in certain places. It still has the same humor from the previous games, and has new weapons and demon super powers for you to play with. If you are a dedicated gamer, this game is rather short, and you can complete it in about 1-2 days. But I would recommend this game to someone who needs something to pass the time for a day or two. In my opinion, the game isn't worth $19.99, but if you're serious about purchasing it, I would wait until steam puts it on sale for at least 50% off."
76561198143495527,Recommended,301910,16106368,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CaptainKickass,"saints row is a game full of a ♥♥♥♥ load of death, money, and tons of other♥♥♥♥♥♥ so if your into that then go and play it."
,Recommended,301910,16868099,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Grandpa Gage,"Hell ya, Who doesn't want to be Jonney Gat"
,Recommended,301910,14134841,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Wolfy626,"Bloody hell...This is pretty good. The small map doesn't feel cramped nor are you at a shorage of things to do. Flying around as opposed to jumping really high and gliding is a rediculous amount of fun, making the soul clusters (Basically lore friendly data clusters) actually enjoyable to collect. As a DLC, it's 9/10. Just don't think of it as a Saints Row 5. I'm not sure how that'll go, what with 5 possible endings. I missed the music from SR4, as well as the customizable asthetics on weapons.Is it fun? YES.Is it better than SR4? Almost. Better to just consider it a dlc.How's the story? Extremely short, but nice.Gameplay? If you liked 4, you'll like this. The acrivities have just been reskinned, but feel new."
,Not Recommended,301910,14135564,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hogglesworth,boring and repeated quest chain.. not good as iv or the third
,Recommended,301910,14133006,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TheCowPushGuy,"One Thing .... THIS Game is Pretty Short ! .... Shouldn't sound bad ... Story goes really quick but well you paid not the same Price as SR4 and its more like an standalone DLC but its a amazing DLC i dunno why but this DLC makes this City feel so alive and flying is makeing addicted even if you fly really really fast between Buildings and so on its just ... WOOW ... Even if you see the dark place and so on just amazing ... Weapons are amazing some are a lil bit confusing but some are really really cool and makes alot of fun , even that summoning ability and other abilities you can buy are nice and helpful like more time and so on.Also fighting makes alot of fun for me and i like that there is a coop mode so you can have alot of fun with your friends.Also what i really like is that you can repeat the EndFight makes a lot of fun and you can still repeat stuff and so on or just flying around also collecting takes a lot of time.Also Challenges some of them.Pro:-Makes alot of fun-City feels so much alive and looks awesome-Flying is addicting and nice-Nice Weapons-repeatable Bossfight-Cool and new weapons-Nice and useful abilities which are new(summoning and getting more time)-Wings are really awesome-Story is funny-Graphic looks a bit more beautiful than SR4-playing as Gat-getting overpowered and feels like an Godness-Nice Archduke ( I <3 THEM !!! So Cool and less annoying like Warden) :D-Really nice Idea ( 7 Deadly Sins) really nice every weapong got their own functions-Many ArchievementsContra:-Short Story-some Parts are confusing like that Musical, but also funny-Small Map-missing somehow radio outside at a car :x ....-Fast Leveling ( Somehow also really nice but i guess not everyone like it)-Story missions are gonna repeat again and again like SR4(but it'snot bothering me)-fighting in hell somehow awesome somehow really really crazy ( i mean how it would continue ? as example SR5 and so on)i recommend this game for ppls who like fun and yeah who like stuff like the old SR for example SR2 should stop crying and go play gta or something like that I: because SR goes his own Way and im asking myself what will be the next mission ? :D will be there SR5 soon ? i Hope it wont get tooo crazy :D"
76561197971179454,Recommended,301910,14135608,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kaorimoch,"Gat out of Hell is simply a stripped down version of Saints Row 4 with new types of missions and powers, but less content.  For example, you can finish the game in 2 hours if you rush everything, or 7 hours if you decide to complete all the side missions first.  If you enjoyed Saints Row 4, this game is worth purchasing.  If you haven't played Saints Row 4, go and get that instead and then get this game if you become a fan.The engine and format has not changed much since Saints Row 3, but the developers are certainly keeping the story fresh and the missions diverse enough while in a familiar format that keeps it enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,301910,14135609,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,PyrRhonn,I cannot want to believe that i have been waiting for this game.İt has same quest with saints row 4 and too boring.I had fun with saints row 4 but gat out of hell was a disappointment.
76561198056353980,Recommended,301910,14135648,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Theron,pretty good i have to say i am impressed and for new SR fans who love the styl of SR3 and SR4 this is another great little bit in the story plus you get to play as gat what else could you want but for the fans of the first two games who don't like the new style its not worth it you are just gonna have a game you don't like  thought sadly for those people i don't think another gem like SR2 will be coming out seems volition has gone with sci fi wackyness i am ok with that but others aren't but hey thats how the world is can't make everyone happy although the multiple endings could bare fruit for those who want things back the way they were in a way not gonna spoil anything but trust me one of the ways they could go with the multi endings is very interesting for those who dislike SR3 and 4 the others continue on the wacky side of things well this is all i have to say so yeah
,Recommended,301910,14135736,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Manemigoto,Didn't get my taco 3.8/10
,Recommended,301910,14135948,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,$ervi^,I Only Recommend this cause i really like all the saints row but This one is just too short you can finish it in an hour if you dont waste time on clusters and those side mission♥♥♥♥♥♥but anyway not worth 20 dollars go for it in sale for 5 dollars or less!!
,Recommended,301910,14136210,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,klokw3rk,surprisingly good writing considering its a saints row gameprobably best to get this in a sale its not got much content but at the same time it doesnt get repetetive
,Recommended,301910,14136987,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,abodycool111,ive never played a saints row game what a great starti'm exactly 50% into the game so i havent completed it yet and i could already tell you its so much funthat other 50% is gonna be demolished tomorrow XD
76561198013512309,Recommended,301910,14137195,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,FuriousMoo,If thi game had nothing but the flying and orb collecting....would still be totally worth it.
76561198066949908,Recommended,301910,14137344,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Becty,"More of the good, more of the bad.In short, if you liked SR 4 - even slightly - you're probably going to like this.If you absolutely hated SR 4 - along with fun, and other such humbug - this is probably not up your alley.This is Saint's Row 4, and I mean that in a surprisingly good way.Fair warning, though: this isn't really a sandbox, this is a DLC campaign in the flimsy guise of a sandbox. Again, I mean that in a surprisingly good way. Once you get over the shock of not being able to play an entirely original (big fat black woman, punkrocker asian, white person in steampunk-gear) character of your choosing, or even remotely customize your character (I mean, who's to say Kinzie aren't a nudist all of a sudden?), this. is. fun.The gunplay feels nice - if exaggarated. The flying feels nice - if exaggarated. The driving (what little you need to do) feels nice - if exaggarated. Seeing the pattern here? Gat out of hell is nice - if exaggarated. In every way.Now, there are so many things wrong with this game - like how the enemies (in black and red) are almost indestuingishable from the background AND foreground of the game (That's black and red), or how the weapons are next to useless unless upgraded to hell, (Pun not intended. Besides, it's actually pretty easy to get enough cash to upgrade at least one weapon (shotgun recommended) and you can have that last you pretty long.) But at the end of it it's just a ton of fun, mixed with some annoyance, and a healthy dosage of more fun.This might just be my new go-to game when I just want to, well, play."
,Recommended,301910,14137365,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,uvengai,I love gameplay in this game but it will be better if you put more story cuz i spend 3 hrs. to end this game
,Recommended,301910,14138055,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ナズカ―さん,"Overall the game is satisfying+ The gameplay is very AWESOME- Story is too short (like 1 waited the game for one month , download it in 1 hour and finish it in 1 night)looking foward to next game though (if they ever release it that it)"
,Recommended,301910,14138472,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Philtastic,"If you enjoyed the gameplay and side activities of Saints Row IV, then you will enjoy Gat out of Hell. I found that the new powers and especially the flight mechanic were well done, and the new weapons are quite fun to use and inventive. In terms of story missions, it's quite short so only buy this if you actually like side activities or if it's on sale."
,Recommended,301910,14138727,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ReignCloud,"First things first, this could of easily been a DLC (like the Christmas one) or this could of been the story in Saints Row IV instead of there being Aliens. Also, this is kinda of a copy and paste, so don't expect to much.Now with that out of the way, this is well worth the 20$. The game is short, probably only about 3 hours of story and like 5+ hours of collecting the items, doing the side missions, and doing all the activities. They did also add a few nice features to the game as well. You have wings which let you fly around the map, you and your coop partner (if you play coop) share ALL the items, so if someone picks up a soul orb, you both get it. The only ones that don't count are the binocular ones.Just like the other Saints Row, this one was fun to play and even better if you got a buddy to play it with.There is only 1 small, tiny issue. Musicial Numbers....."
,Recommended,301910,14139166,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,StokedToast,8.9/10
76561197976014259,Recommended,301910,14139409,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Captian Fluffypants,This game is way to short.  I beat it in about 5-6 hours.However that said it is the good Saints row humor we have all come to know and love.  I would absolutley recomend this game to any Saints Row fan but wait till its on sale for $10 or less due to lengh.
,Recommended,301910,14139527,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BujBuj,"If you loved the side activities in SR4 you'd love this game.It consists pretty much only from side activities, even the main story quests has almost no ""real"" missions.The flying is a lot more fun in this game than in SR4 and you get this power in the first 5 minutes of gameplay.It has tons of little challenges to do besides the side activities and main quests. Though they mainly consists of ""kill N ammount of X type enemies with the Y gun"" and ""collect N ammount of collectible Y""More collectible hunt, we all know you just LOVE collecting clusters. Yeah this game has tons of them too, but the flying makes it really fun and rewarding to collect them.Unfortunately this game is rather short, only 3-4 hours. I think it would be better as a DLC for SR4 and not a standalone title, but hey, it's $20 for an awesome DLC"
76561198059272760,Recommended,301910,14139883,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Skooks,Now that I think about it. $20.00 for a DLC was a bit to much to pay.
76561198162526102,Not Recommended,301910,14792733,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dave,not as good as 3 it seems like its made for pre teens the ativitys r the same and the story is shallow the game seems to be a satanic saints row 4 they havent even changed the map u get what u pay for
,Recommended,301910,14914561,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,insanefastone,"It's exaclty what I wanted - more weapons, more excellent writing, and more overall insanity.The powers are greatly improved over Saint's Row IV, with way less to do between collecting all of them (sprint and flight are given to you right as you start the game, and the other four are gotten through basically the next mission). I found myself switching between them much more often than I did in the previous game, too. Flying around the city is fun, sprinting around the city is hilarious (cars have little durability and will explode if you barely touch them), and there are lots of weird buildings to parkour all over.I kind of wish there were more activities to do, or at least a way to repeat completed objectives once you finish the main story. You've got Hellblazing (Trailblazing), Fraud, and Salvation (flying around catching bodies as they fall into Hell), but everything else is a one-time deal and that leaves little to do once you've completed taking over the city. There also doesn't seem to be any hourly income, making money a hard thing to come by once you've cleared everything.I can definitely see how this is a sort of self-contained expansion, and I'm really glad they released it as its own game rather than be a DLC for Saint's Row IV. It is its own thing, really."
76561197962397576,Recommended,301910,15001069,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tony Yorkshire,"""Disney meets Saints Row"" outstanding!! buy it!!"
,Recommended,301910,15678700,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ursarkar_Creed,"How did they make this game? They took SR4 and stripped the hell out of it!It's not bad, it's not great. Seems a little bareboned and the controls are kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up, but you get some laughs and the sociopathic shennanigans that we all know and love. I really enjoyed being able to play as Kinzie, I just wish there was ways to customize her and the cars.You get what you pay for, and it's a good way to kill time. I  recommend picking this up while it's on sale though.7/10"
,Recommended,301910,15679474,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TheRealSparky,"Short, sweet, and to the point. I enjoyed it from beginning to end. There are a few tedious missons/diversions but over all its fun. Doesn't take it self seriously and handles great."
,Recommended,301910,15779964,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Spooky Meowt,"im gonna punch satan in the faceno that's it, im just gonna punch him in the face"
76561198071348073,Recommended,301910,15801678,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Starfield,"Human flight simulator. The action in this game feels better than SR3 and SR4. Also, Hell is refreshing after being stuck in Steelport for two games. The pacing is a bit too hasty in unlocking the final mission, so I recommend taking the scenic route instead of rushing missions."
76561198049558007,Recommended,301910,14727406,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,A Maus,"If you liked Saints row 4 but wanted a little more, get this stand alone. Musicals, a cool flying mechanic. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,301910,14714185,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Berserk | CSGOROLL.COM,Well... Awesome! You like the other Saints Row Games!? Try this one out. Has about everything you love about Saints Row except your in Hell! ^.^
76561198023510897,Recommended,301910,14720178,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,angry waffle,a fun stand alone  an ok story with i think 6 different endings not bad   no homies but i guess it is hell   i think it is worth  what i paided for it
,Recommended,301910,14721763,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SalmonSmuggler,If you love Saints Row you will love this game.
,Not Recommended,301910,14699488,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,minalkra,"I'll have to give this a down.  I love the Saint's Row series for the sheer insanity that comes to pass in an open world sandbox style game.  It's like the GTA series without the bad gangsta story lines and stupid moralizing - like the original GTA series in fact.  But this stand-alone isn't a very good look at it.The setting is, uhm, unique.  Having a Judeo-Christian hell theme was a bold choice and I fully support it.  The mythology of modern religions is very evocative and has some very interesting characters.  But the actual hell-scape is rather small and lacks some of the variability of, say, Dante's Divine Comedy.  Flames are all fine and dandy but give us an ice-scape or an eternal desert, eh?  The very basic demonic soldiery and denizens are also a tad disappointing but they're effective for what they are - just wish it would be more creative in this realm.The combat is too frantic for me, as well.  Sorry but I was one of those types to invest heavily in Notoriety decomposition upgrades.  I prefer a more relaxed combat pace where I can approach things in a methodical manner.  Having swarms of demonic enemies every two steps put me off on actually doing anything in-game.  And the size of the game world is telling.  Because there is only one type of purchasable good (weapons) that is bought from a vending machine (usually out in the open where demons will gleefully pick you off with cars), there's no easy and ready way of clearing Notoriety.  Which - for me - made combat a chore to slog through instead of something fun to do.The powers are a retread of Saints Row IV pretty much.  They are quickly gained but it takes a long time to upgrade them and the collectathon to do so isn't as fun as SRIV in my opinion.  It felt like I was just doing the same thing in a smaller space.Now here's the kicker and what really made me go from 'so-so' to a firm downvote: character customization.  Hey, hey.  Hey Volition?  No one cares about Gat.  Not really.  We care about the Boss.  You know, the player stand-in?  Gat might be your big wet dream but not ours.  If I want to play as Doctor Manhatten with a rocket launcher, well damn it - that's what I want to do.  And throwing the female players a bone in the form of Kinzie only works if SHE IS MENTIONED IN THE CUTSCENES.  Or is playable at the end boss.  Or, well, anything takes into account her existence.So, this is a 'not recommended' on my end.  It's fun but that fun is tempered with a huge helping of 'same old' from SRIV, the lack of anything really pulling me back to the game, lack of customization and too-frantic and not much fun constant combat - as well as a bit of a missed opportunity in the setting.  Wait till the price drops by half or more and then give it a go."
76561198010543154,Recommended,301910,14699596,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CannonFodder,"While this feels like more of an expansion then a game, you can't complain given the price. Flying is a little wierd to get used to but once you do. It can provide hours of fun on it's own if that's what your in to.A great little game for the saints row universe. Only down side is story is a little one the short side, altho it hasn't lost it's incredible funny, dark, sarcastic sense of humor.Thank you  ""Volition"" and ""High Voltage Software"" For developing this and ""Deep Silver"" for publishing."
76561198044047163,Recommended,301910,14699677,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,bigdevastat0r16,Two words........♥♥♥♥INGBADASS!!!9/10!BEST DLC EVAH!!!!!!!!!!p.s: Buy at your own risk.
,Recommended,301910,14700816,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MiGaMiZung,"If you love to play Saint Row 3 or 4, You should get this.But if you love story of Saint Row more than gameplay, don't consider this one. It's short."
76561198158544000,Recommended,301910,14702294,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[ORIGINAL NAME],I like this game and then i dont because being gat for the first time like this is awesome but theres like only 5 hours of story or less witch is why i dont think its worth the $20 it honestly should be $10 because i came for the story not the ♥♥♥♥ing flying around hitting checkpoints and doing the activitys. The activitys take up 40% of the game and the story is the other 60% it took me longer to beat all the campaigns and thats sad. so overall this awesome being able to alternate between kenzie and gat and kicking demons asses but the story should atleast have a day worth of campaign not no 5 hours of campaign GIVE ME LONGER ♥♥♥♥ING CAMPAIGN GODAMMIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198014898537,Not Recommended,301910,14454773,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,"SHAKEN, NOT STIRRED","It's a standalone expansion. It's not very entertaining if this is your first entry into the SR series.I feel that this game was made as a stand alone because primarily to aoid allowing another ""season pass;"" allowing players to skimp on $10. Secondarily the change in appearance.The controls have lost sensitivity from SR4 to this game, as aiming is far worse.SR3 was the fall, SR4 was the crash, and this game is the attempted ""band-aid"" cash. Most likely to try to make a salvageable SR5.I'd say buy it for the hopes of a better SR, but don't buy it b/c this is the worst installment."
,Recommended,301910,14123214,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zen-chan,"Vor ab, glaubt der metacritic kein Wort.Wer Saints Row 4 und 3 mochte, mag auch diesen Teil.Wie im 4 Teil besitz man auch hier Superkräfte bzw Magie.Die Story ist durchgeknallt wie immer.Die Waffen sind unterschiedlich und zum Teil auch genial lustig.Fazit: Ein muss für Fans von Teil 3 und 4."
76561198139721392,Recommended,301910,14123338,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tomtom12122001,HI THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST AWESOME GAMES OUT THERE
,Recommended,301910,14122558,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,aids,Crashed after the first 5 minutes10/10 would crash again
,Recommended,301910,14123641,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,MiNN,"Only One Word""GAT"""
,Recommended,301910,14123919,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CNStarkiller SKIN.TRADE,"its basicly SR4 redesigned to look like hell, but its really good so far. A few bugs here and there, but im sure they will be fixed."
76561198048432706,Recommended,301910,14124328,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,escaper59,"i like this game because even though it dosent have much story, it give a wide branch of new superpowers and flying system that i really enjoy. the only wepon you will find from prevoius games is the .42 Fletcher, for the price of the game, this is really worth getting, also worth noting that if your not into the sctivities from saints row 4 DO NOT GET THIS GAME, the game is really comprised of the sctivities with twists, and a new one here and there. if you like the old acivities GET THE GAME, if you dont DO NOT"
,Recommended,301910,14124349,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mr.Game,This game is Brütal in anyway but why the f*cking disney songs
,Recommended,301910,14120171,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,645-lab,"Минусы:- Нет радио. Для меня - ужасный минус.- Короткая. За 2.8 часа - 44%.- Справедливое ощущение, что сэкономили: анимация, отсутствие роликов, используют иногда старый перевод, не всегда точные субтитры и прочее.Плюсы:+ Если когда-либо играли в СР - стоит пройти.+ Потому что она дешёвая.+ Она смешная.+ И приятно побродить по самому городу, пусть теперь это - ад.Купите на распродаже со скидкой 10%, чтобы не мучиться, что за полную цену купили и уделите вечерок старым мёртвым знакомым."
,Recommended,301910,15891112,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Closure225,As a huge fan of the Saints Row series I would still recommend waiting until the game is on sale.  Fun game but 100% in around 9 hours.
,Not Recommended,301910,15812850,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Messire Gran Pwell,"More of the same... with hardly no back story this time, and NO CUSTOMIZABLE CHARACTERS (which is a bigger flaw than the lack of story or context in my opinion).  Still a fun game and the flight mechanics really up things up a bit, but I quickly fell into the ugly pattern of grinding for side quest completion without even having a clear goal.As for story, well sadly, story missions (if there are any) tend to always point you towards what used to be side missions in previous Saints Row titles.Economy balancing is at its worse.  I always find myself having too much resources so I can buy every skill and upgrade as soon as they're available, making it seem effortless, thus merely pointless.  Levelling comes at such a fast face that I often had too many available upgrades at once and I had to restrain myself from just buying everything (because I had the means to do it) just so I could get a feeling of the advantage the upgrades could give me and hopefully wish for another upgrade (which was available 5 levels ago anyways).All in all, I like what Volition did in the past.  The few cutscenes still made me laugh like no other game can, but that doesn't make up for the rest of the experience.  This being said, I still have confidence in what the team can do.  I gave you my money, now I hope you'll use it well."
,Recommended,301910,15815373,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mehmine,"This game is great. Although it relies on gameplay instead of a long story or missions. The powers of ""Gat Out of Hell"" are done so well. Most of the time you'll be collecting soul clusters, but it's fun since the flying is done so well.8/10"
,Recommended,301910,15840161,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,e.e._Prime,"facking good game, a must play!I love all Saint's Row game developers, those guys are awesome."
76561198104520995,Recommended,301910,15152322,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Shaleep.co.il,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
,Recommended,301910,15349022,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tiggum,"Like Saints Row IV, but better. Obviously it's a lot shorter, there's less to it, but what it is is basically more of SR4 but with a bunch of improvements. Flying around is amazing, the activities and missions are all fun, the cutscenes and dialogue are great, the weapons are mostly well-balanced and cool. There is no reason you should not buy this game."
76561198083564677,Recommended,301910,15102058,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,granthc3,A great game.
76561198074476350,Recommended,301910,15103089,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,makeroftoast,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OUT OF THE SAINTS ROW FRANCHISES I SAY 20/10 LOVE IT # REKT EVERY THING IN HELL WITH A BEE GUN AND MONEY
,Recommended,301910,15131476,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[MLG Elite] Devil's Reaper,"This game is totaly crazy, beat the hell out of everybody and everything"
,Recommended,301910,14952810,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,tylerhouser36,"Great game and all, rather short, but still good gameplay. But there are some compatability issues with the GTX 970. Game will no longer display anything after i upgraded."
,Recommended,301910,15198542,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,VIETO,the multiplyer it is firy funny
,Recommended,301910,15230412,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Anonymous,Love this game actually. It is basically the same game play as the last one. Easy to understand and fun just killing demons.
76561198027375029,Not Recommended,301910,15233479,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,AVP2000,"I seriously don't recommend this at all.  For $20 all you get is a fancy re-skin of SR4 and A 4-hour ""story"" which just conisists of repeatedly doing side activities from SR3 and SR4. I really don't recommend this, either wait till a sale or just don't get it. It's not worth the money."
,Recommended,301910,15235832,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,eVACuation,Its a great ¨game¨
76561198097996120,Recommended,301910,16193657,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TyKwanDo,"This game is so great.  It has all of the things from Saints Row IV.  New weapons, new abilities, and a great story line.   9.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14803705,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kōhe,jёт fцєl caи'т мёlт $тєёl вёaм$- копєу 201З
76561198110756731,Recommended,301910,14863671,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The Puppet Master,"Pretty average game, if you are a fan of the franchise then get it if you must. in some ways it is worth 20, in some ways not"
76561197974464669,Not Recommended,301910,14845317,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,pivotmeister,"HOW DO I FIX THE GLITCH ON THE PC, I JUST KEEP MOVING IN CIRCLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IS IT BECAUSE  I DONT HAVE A GAMEPAD?"
76561197972162374,Recommended,301910,14894005,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SgtRomad,"All of the Saints Row series has to be the most fun game I have ever played, I even like it just as much as World of Warcraft.  SR is just incredible with flying, jumping high, running very fast. I love tearing up everything, especially cars and demons. This game is a FPS and also a RPG, it has something for everyone! It is unlike anything I've ever played before also. I look forward to more versions to come out. Only one that I don't have is the 1st version. I especially love GAT, it is so crazy!!! If a rating could be given, 1 to 10, this game would 1000! Now I'm having to divide my time betwee WoW and SR. To the Devs, you have done a wonderful job with this game. Please continue it, and add more DLC. For sure, you make it, I WILL buy it. I have told many of my students about it, those who bought it, love it also! I just can't say enough good things about it. Now back to blasting... THANKS DEVS THANKS THANKS THANKS!!!"
76561198175046270,Recommended,301910,14894817,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ѡђч Sō Seг¡Θµs,i like saints row
,Recommended,301910,14800591,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,AweDevBoat,"I LOVED THIS GAME!!! PUNCH SATAN, DECAPITATE HUSKS (Souls,) RELAX WHILE FIGHTING!!! this game was the only game i played in the sr series and i can tell, it is good, they should have added clothes tho, clothes in hell would have been wierd too so theres that. the only thing they need to work on is the ragdoll effects, gat looks like a doll when he get shot in the air. other than that the games amazing!!!!"
,Not Recommended,301910,14927868,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Wastich Carmikel/ na GoNara,"i cant save!!!! why? i buy this game for story... but how can i get in the story, when i must everytime started from new game? this is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. sorry for vulgarism, but i think you will respect my bad situation... thx Wastich"
,Recommended,301910,14950059,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Akidnamedpopeye,"In my opinion this series is turning into a chalange free for all, but be that as it may this game is fun! Would recommend."
,Recommended,301910,15085572,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Morgan Lovecraft,"AS in all SR games there is no disappointment. But I felt all-over unsatisfied by this one's story.As a standalone game this one surely didn't take the cake. I mean, I finished it in less that 7 hours.I mean, yes it's good and yes I'm recommending it. But does it stand up to the amazing series it's part of? I'll let you decide.But I think no."
76561198083398099,Recommended,301910,14830192,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Michael J. Caboose,Just an issue:When i try to play co-op my game closes
,Recommended,301910,14832865,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,The God Ghetto Holy,"Came home from work and beat the game.Don't get me wrong, I love the Saints Row series. Ever since I played #2 (Never played #1) all the way to Gat out of Hell, but this game was very filler. Not an entire game, but at the same time, what would I want out of this game? I'd rather have been playing my main character I've been playing in every other SR.So... 4 hours of content to beat the game. Maybe 8 if you want to do everything in the game."
76561197970692052,Recommended,301910,14797586,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BluePhoenix,+ Open world+ Lots of things to do+ Amusing and ridiculous story+ Flying+ Weapons so insane you will want to try them all+ Kicking demons in the junk- Quite repetitive- Battles are too predictable and samey
,Recommended,301910,15013343,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,24RailwayCuttings,"Have you ever had that moment when you've been pinching all the custard creams from the biscuit tin, only to come back some time later to find that there's only a half one left, a single half with a bit of cream left on it? Well, this is sort of like that.Gat Out Of Hell is a standalone expansion for IV, with your custom US President (if you have made one) being abducted by Satan and forced into marriage, and so Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington must go in to rescue them!I remember playing this for about an hour or so at first, getting some of the main mechanics in the game first hand, and somehow not being fully drawn in as I thought I would. Yes, there are some missions, albeit a few. Yes, there are activities for you to do, but the game sadly relies heavily on them to stretch out the gameplay. YES, I have completed the takeover of New Hades and have collected a wealthy amount of collectibles, but it somehow didn't satisfy me as much as the special weaponry.I'll come on to my good points: The special 7 Sins weapons are fun to use, though can be tedious to unlock, particularly Wrath. Those who have played the game will know what I mean. Yes, I did get a kick out of creating a complete massacre whilst relaxing in my heavy calibre armchair. But, that's pretty much it.It just somehow feels lacklustre. Most of the humour only cropped up briefly, and most good bits were spoilt by being in cutscenes. And even after doing so much to get the 7 Sins, I'm not sure what else could draw me back.If you enjoyed the Saints Row series and want something small and silly to pass the time, then do get this game. If you're fussed about the pre-order DLC, don't be. It's not much. But like Saints Row IV, I will say this. The game itself is fine. Looks good, plays fairly well, and recommend giving it a go. Unless you're looking in the biscuit tin again to try and pinch my last bourbon."
,Not Recommended,301910,14170763,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[FDC2] Ryan the Quacktastrophe,"Pros:New mapNew WeaponsNew activitiesPlay as GatCons:Can't play bossNo radioNo character customizationShort GameI really wanted to love this game as much as I loved the other saints rows, but its lack of content and things fans have enjoyed and loved being removed, such as radio, and character customization. The new powers are cool though. Also, The game is very short. I was able to beat the main story and 100% the map within 8 hours of gameplay. I give this game a 5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14550270,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SamiiDecayx3,Okay loving the game so far. Lots of fun but I can't figure out how to change between powers. I need the STOMP but can't change off the IMPS. If someone could help I would be so thankful! But seriously LOVE the game! It is exciting.
,Recommended,301910,14397486,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BG|Raggycakes,"Fun romp through Hell. Volition changed just enough stuff in the game to make you want to keep playing the same thing you already played through in SR4. The comedy is still amazing, and , despite all of the character development he's gone through, Johnny Gat is still the same two dimensional, simple psycho that we know and love."
,Recommended,301910,14316456,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,"Esketit, Thot Devourer","THE INTERLUDE IS WORTH THE MONEYWell I ain't gonna sell you trash talks like ""whoa, there are cons and pros and for a price of a full game that's nonsense"". This. Game. Is. 66% of it's predecessor's awesomeness, and 32% of true HELL. The only bad moments of the game are: 1. ♥♥♥♥edup controls of the flight. Really this was disturbing.2. Lack of music. I mean, there are mods, but you CAN actually hear Hell's radio in the cars below. But not listen to it. I loved Saints series not just cause this is pure badassness, but, from the Third part, I loved it as it gave me DUBSTEP. Fresh and juicy and all like wobble-throttle. This game ain't got new Datsik songs, ain't no Doctor P, just nothing.So that were the cons. Only. A short game? ♥♥♥♥ no, it took me lots of times to just 50% everything. I'm not even gold.Pros? That♥♥♥♥♥♥is so dank I'd hit a blunt and play it again and it'd be even better. But it is good. The narration, the graphics, the gameplay, everything is the Saints way. Boring? Well NOPE. ♥♥♥♥ all those who say they'd rather fly a UFO than do a good ole homerun with demons. The missions are infinitely crazy, and the big guns like Covenant's Arc and Uriel's Edge are like ""Oh look i'm Bill Murray i'm a ghostbuster *ta-da-da-da-dee-da, GHOSTBUSTERS*"" and ""HADOOOUKEEEEN"".Yea, the gunz are the most potent and most fun part of the game. Flaming zweihander with fireballs? Check. Talking pistol like the Black Blade from TES? Check. PIMP Uzi with +100 to pimpness? Check. Cupid's♥♥♥♥♥shotgun willed with concentrated love of Shrek? Check. The most ridicoulous and OP weapon of the history, the chair which killed your virginity and diploma? Check. A ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun which is a rocket launcher which is actually a soul diffuser which actually looks like the gun from Ghostbusters and allows you to be one? Also it does suck your balls? Check, check, check. And the whoopy-creamy ICE♥♥♥♥♥, the little nigglet which you guys can't even find? Yes, you so mother♥♥♥♥ing CHECK IT.So? Buy it. Play it. Then wait for the SRV like all the cool boys."
76561198205113644,Recommended,301910,14344367,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,bigbenjas,best
,Recommended,301910,14344504,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,☆POSIBLYDEAD☆,This is a great Stand alone expantion. Who knew that going to hell would be so much fun.
,Recommended,301910,14330871,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Miss Coldheart,An awesome game! :D and yeah you'll have lots of fun when you shoot the devil in the face xD I hope you do it ^_^
,Not Recommended,301910,14333714,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Your New Stepdad,"Well, this was kind of disappointing.  I love Saints Row!  The consistent original style and fun gameplay of the entire franchise has been nothing short of astonishing and ironically. in some ways even surpasses the Grand Theft Auto franchise (the series that Saints Row was initially dismissed by many for it's similarities), despite Saints Row significantly smaller budget and development timeframe.  Saints Row IV was my second favorite in the franchise, behind Saints Row II and Kinzie Kenzington (my favorite character in the franchise) is a playable character in this game, which picks up after the events of Saints Row IV, so I had some high hopes for this game, while also remaining cautious in my expectations due to it's mere $20 price tag.  I wasn't expecting anything spectacular and yet I was still disappointed.I've played Saints Row IV to death and I was eager to play a brand new entry in the franchise, what I found was basically the same game, playing like a total conversion mod but with half of the features in IV removed.  Why the hell is there absolutely no radio in this game?  Why are no clothing stores or customizable outfits of any kind?  Why is the map so much smaller than it has ever been in any other Saints Row game?  Why giving the game a plot when almost the entire game consists of ""city takeover"" side quests that have absolutely nothing to do with the plot?  These are only some of the many questions you'll end up asking yourself as you play this game.Many fans were initially skeptical of SRIV's quality before it was released after news broke that it was originally supposed to be DLC for Saints Row III, and they were eventually proven wrong when SRIV turned out to written and developed well enough to actually justify it's status as a stand-alone title; But be warned, this is the real deal!  A stand-alone Saints Row game that really should have been DLC for Saints Row IV!  Even with it's $20 price tag, it's still lacking enough content and plot to justify it as a stand-alone title in the franchise.In short, if you're new to Saints Row or you're not a die-hard fan, don't buy it.  However, if you're a Saints Row fanatic like me, I'd recommend it, but wait until it's on sale for $5 or lower, because that's what most DLC should be worth and this is just DLC pretending to be it's own game.As much as this pains me:5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14335695,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,R1665,"Lots of fun for twenty bucks.  Winged flight is excellent and should (somehow) remain in the series.Story is barebones and pretty much all missions are just hell versions of the normal diversions you're used to in the Saints Row universe.  With all of the work that obviously went into this game, it's a crying shame that more of it wasn't utilized in a meaningful way.  It may be a glorified DLC, but there is just SO MUCH POTENTIAL here for something MUCH greater.If they were to make a fully-hellified honest-to-Satan jam-packed feature-sized version with real missions, character customization, and the whole nine yards, I would buy the hell out of it at full price.As it stands, you're kind of getting a third for a third.Still recommended, though."
,Recommended,301910,14337099,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nekuth,"Awesome game! The story line is a little short sadly, but overall a very good experiance.There is a bigger grind element to the challenge achievement, but much more doable then the previous titles (In SR3 & 4 you can to kill gangers and Zin, but in SR:GH, the total comes from the ""policing"" force).In all, a very good game and worth the £15. Unsure where this game will take the next game of SR however...."
,Recommended,301910,14362565,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DTcode,"i love this game, story is very short, needs some sort of dlc content, but is and over all a really good game, highly recommend it, i could play it for hours if i had the chance, but yeah dlc contact to add a bit more to the story or something would be good"
,Recommended,301910,14183732,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,superzombiekiller11,i love this game its like number 3 and 4 but it is still really awesome
,Recommended,301910,14173624,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Laurelai,Get to run around shooting people and not feel bad about it because they are either demons or people sent to hell.
,Recommended,301910,14173630,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bonsewswesa,"As others have said, if you liked the superpower element of IV you'll probably like this, also don't worry, you don't have to play as Gat for most of it, you can play as Kinzie. The price seems appropriate, it's pretty much all side-mission type stuff but most of it is fun nonetheless. If you like to just do story missions and no side stuff in games you'll probably get through it in a few hours at most and I wouldn't recommend it at full price for that alone, it's for collectors, 100 percenters, people who like to mess around.It's nice to not be in Steelport again, after the Third and IV I never wanted to see it again. The Hell city is small but it's got a lot of cool designs and flying around feels great. It really feels like an open world Ratchet & Clank (PS2 era) with the crazy weapons, high mobility, colourful graphics and decent sense of humour. That's one other thing, the humour is actually decent, not entirely made out of cheap references (mostly just general silliness) and thankfully I didn't see or hear any internet ""humour"" (Imagine those quotation marks are the size of the planet Jupiter).The change (first in IV yes I know) to having health pickups instead of pure regenerative health (read: surrounded by enemies in a big open area and getting constantly clipped while trying to hide to get health back) is a welcome one but there is one bad gameplay trope that's pretty prominent throughout Gat out of Hell; filling up meters that get reset every time you get hit. I don't think there's been a single game that doing that has been fun in. There are tons of them in this and yes, it's still irritating. For those that may be unaware of this concept, you have to hold E on something while a bar fills up and you can't attack, while enemies keep spawning in around you. If any of them hit you, you get knocked out of the animation and the bar resets. The only ""strategy"" for them is to try to get to them before the enemies do/spawn and fill the bar before they can get a shot off.Graphically, like the Third and IV, Gat out of Hell is a mixed bag. There are a lot of graphical options and the vibrant, colourful style is very pleasing to look at but on the other hand the draw distance is awful. When flying around at full speed (which you will probably be doing a lot of) there's noticeable pop-in and no, there's no setting to fix that. I've got a top of the line gaming pc that can easily handle it on maxed out settings and it was the same in the Third and IV too, especially with traffic and pedestrians. This game was released in 2015, step it up Volition.The short musical number was nicely done and despite hating musicals, in this it was kind of nice and I enjoyed it. I haven't 100% completed Gat out of Hell yet (10 hrs) but I'm at about 80% and I've had fun so far. As usual, I'll update this review if anything changes to make sure the information stays accurate. I hope it helped your decision."
76561197966989591,Not Recommended,301910,14133335,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Laser-guided Gummy Bear,"I do love me my Saints Row. Do I love Gat Out of Hell? Sort of.Like many games that seem to be coming along now, developers really seem to like taking shortcuts to maximize profits, while lowering development time. Saints Row 3, Saints Row 4, and Gat Out of Hell, Dead Island, and Dead Island: Riptide, Call of Duty, and pretty much any of EA's sports lineup are examples that come to mind. Not so much sequels, as they are ""samequels"" - just offering more of the same style of game, with little added or innovated.This trend is really starting to really turn me off as a gamer. I'd rather pay full price for a good, thoroughly developed franchise game every few years, than get nickeled-and-dimed with mediocre cash-grab rehashes every year. This is fast food gaming at it's worst. I wish it would stop.Is Gat Out of Hell one of these? I think it teeters a l'il too close.Here's the breakdown:PROS:-More Saints Row!-A completely new map to explore.-Return of a few classic Saints Row characters voiced by their original actors.-Flight! Once upgraded, flight is the cat's pajamas.-Price. Game's price point is set between full-price and Season Pass.CONS:-No music/radio.-No character creation. You're forced to play as either Gat of Kinzie. Can't even customize them.-No homies to call on.-Hardly any vehicles. No way to customize them.-Denizens of New Hades have no variety.-City envionment seems really small. Far too easy to traverse with flight.-Cutscenes are almost entirely storyboarded with narration. Only opening scene, the musical number, and ending scenes are animated in-game.-Weapon variety is minimal. Same with customization options. Many weapons are functionally identical to weapons from previous games. Many are pointless.-Assets, animations, textures, etc. are mostly re-used (or retextured) from previous games.-Powers are mostly re-hashes of the powers from Saint Row 4, but with some different effects.-Incredibly short. You can finish this in about 4-6 hours.Final thoughts:It's fairly cheap, but otherwise not especially remarkable. In fact, at the beginning of this review I realized I didn't like it as much as I thought I did. Probably saw it through nostalgia-colored glasses.Like Saints Row 4, Gat Out of Hell could've been some form of DLC, rather than a standalone game.If you're a fan of the franchise, by all means get it - but I'd recommend waiting until the price comes down. It's a fun, but brief, jaunt back into the Saints Row universe."
,Recommended,301910,14174822,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TWBalls,"The game, overall, is quite fun. The bugs, however, are infuriating. In the middle of a firefight and you mash the R button to reload and they just stand there, not reloading. Simliar issues when you have imps on you and you're mashing the E button to remove them, but nothing happens. Also quite annoying when you've gotten to the point where you're supposed to crash the wedding. There's still TONS of side quests that I'm wanting to play, I don't want to do that yet, but it still keeps putting the waypoint on that mission. Sure, I could do the mission and then go do the side quests, but then, what's the point? You're doing the side quests to aquire money & respect (or did they change that to XP now?) so that you can level up your weapons/abilites. Why do that if you've already beaten the final boss?"
,Recommended,301910,14318226,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kazunari,8.6hrs played.. no regrets .
,Recommended,301910,14319238,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,m3zmr,its like saints row 3 modded to look like saints row 4 modded to look like this.10/10
,Recommended,301910,14319490,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Vorylon,"If you're a fan of the Saints Row series, here's another great game filled with endless hours of throwing demon and husk corpses around."
76561197988735037,Recommended,301910,14321303,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,๖ۣۜAdayu,After finishing game my keyboard freaked out and GAT keys stopped working.Thank you Gat.10/10 would possess my keyboard again.
,Recommended,301910,14322444,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,The Sly Fox,"SR: Gat out of Hell is more of the same game we've all come to know and love, but with enough changed to make the game feel like a genuine addition, not just a reskin with an attempt to make money before releasing a true sequel. The powers are back, but feel almost entirely different, aside from sprinting, but hey, how different can you make running, with the new flying system actually living up to its name. The flight mechanic is a big highlight in the game, with enough speed to make up for no summonable vehicles, nimble enough not to be frustrating, and just bad♥♥♥♥♥enough to feel satisfying using it for the majority of the short game. Guns, while limited, are still satisfying, with a few hidden gems clearly having been lovingly made. You'll love Gat and Kinzie's foray into the infernal plane if you can get past the fact that this isn't a true successor to the Saint's Row series; meaning that it's not meant to have all the bells and whistles. With Gat getting some well deserved love as well as Kinzie, this should be the balm to that itch you got from SRIV from banging your entire team."
,Recommended,301910,14324752,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,aloxx l'insoumis,I WANT MORE ROBOTS
,Not Recommended,301910,14380100,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Izzy,"Being a huge fan Saints Row games (yes, even the sillyness of 3 and 4), I feel like this game is kind of a letdown. I know, I know... it's an exandalone. That's not the problem. The problem is that it's just more of the same thing you got in Saints Row IV, just more tedius and less storyline.The superpowers are a lot of the same. Flight, however, is definitely fun. That is quite possibly one of the only redeeming qualities. That and the musical bits are quite entertaining. Otherwise, you play as Gat or Kenzie. You don't get to customize your character (save for mods) or change their outfits.Most of what you do in the game are activities. Some of them are fun, most of them are pretty mediocre or more of the same you had in IV.Overall, get this game if it's on sale for cheap, otherwise I wouldn't bother."
,Not Recommended,301910,14381070,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JMcSquiggle,"I really wish I could recommend this game.  I really love the entire Saints Row series, espeically the last one.  Unfortunately, most of this game seemed uninspired at best, and nonsesical at worst.  The musical number was pretty funny, and that is unfortunately the only thing I can say I actually enjoyed about this game.  In prior games, the wit was so thick it could be cut with a knife.  In Gat out of Hell, I was not sure if characters were actually talking to each other as the dialog seemed to be trying to force funny at all times.  With the exception of a couple of one-liners, I felt like the trip to hell was unfortunately wasted for a series that is otherwise ripe with amazing dialog.  This unfortunately brings me to the biggest problem of the game:  Gat.Gat is such a two dimensional character, he's just not fun to watch.  While he was the best part of prior games, Gat Out Of Hell made me realize he was much better as a supporting character and not as the main protagonist.  As far as the rest of the game goes, it's just a reskin of SR4.  Save your money, buy the SR4 instead."
76561197972366016,Recommended,301910,14386615,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Confrontation,"GAT out of Hell is fun if all you want to do is blow stuff up. It has the same very lazy missions as SR4 where they just have you do the already available side quests. The difference being that this is a $20 game, so lazy is kinda OK. The game is very short as well. As you complete side missions you fill up a gage for Satan wrath. This progresses the game. The first story quest to pop up after the intro was to save some of your friends. Saving the twins is SUPER difficult. So I decided to do other things to level up. 20 minutes later I was fighting Satan and still never finished rescuing everyone. For $20 its fun but its only really worth it if you have a friend to play with. Otherwise I recommend it but only as a steam sale buy."
76561198021984562,Recommended,301910,14741932,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Glyuk,Awesome game.
76561197988821019,Recommended,301910,14697123,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[ZBT] SHLOGAN,"A surprisingly good amount of content for what is conisdered ""DLC"". If you were a fan of Saint's Row IV then this is right up that alley. The environment is really well detailed and the storyline and quests are hilarious as usual. Fun gameplay with pretty much the same powers as SRIV. The game does get monotonous after a few hours but again it's a DLC not a full game so take it for what it is. Working through just storyline and whatever else you end up doing you'll have 3-4 hours of solid gameplay."
,Recommended,301910,14124959,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Griggs HCK,"This game is quite short (3~4 hours, 5~6 with all activities done) but also note this, this is a short standalone expansion/dlc that cost $20 when lauched, so you can't complain much.As of the gameplay, it's SR IV in hell theme, lot of things are recycled like the activites and super power, but there are new activities and super powers too. The comedy is very fun to watch. I like the story writing and the characters. 2 of the SR III characters returned too. You also have multiple endings, though they are quire short.No clothing customization though, so this might be a problem for you.If you love the new saints row universe, this will be fun for you, if you don't like the new road of Saints row after the 3rd one, or forth, you better stay away from this."
,Recommended,301910,14125225,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awsome
76561198047516379,Recommended,301910,14125432,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,astrobot702,"3.8 out of 5(No Leather & Lace parody for customization in-game = falling short of 4)CONS:Mission design and scripting is absentActs I, II, and III trigger too easily and well under 6 hours for gametime6 hours of gameplayHUB menu soundbite is irritatingStoryboarding replaces Mission contentCostuming and Individual Customization is stripped outNo licenced Single Track or EP SoundtrackMost of the added voicing are in the form of fetch itemsDoesn't take nasty jabs at TwilightLeather & Lace absent (Why?! It would have been AWESOME!!)PROS:BOOM CHICKA (witty word play on Boomsheeka = 11/10)Great flight game (think Archeangel from X-men but with Johnny)7 deadly weaponsFlight has been overhauledSuper powers are back  (re-fleshed as Stomp, Summon, Aura, Blast)Johnny and Kenzie are back AND playableNo copy-paste Steelport MapPokes Event Horizon and WIcked (11/10 awesome.)Utilizes most recent save to 'guest star' your custom SaintWorship AuraThis is a bite-sized version of a full game. GOOH has the possibility of being a real gem as a forerunner to SR5. The events in SR4 would inevitably lead to the take over the underworld and depose the Prince of Darkness, right?! Can a Saint reach Sainthood? (Vaguely reference from tatoos in SR3 and 4, so Volition had an idea to start with.)  Can Gat catch the eye of the Big G on borrowed wings? Will the Saint bring fire and brimstone upon the universe?! Who knows.The content is sufficient enough to urguably price at $20. Wait till it's on sale on Steam. Had it been priced 12.99 I'd say pick it up right now and enjoy. GOOH hovers in a weird area between where it feels more like DLC and less standalone and missed out on being a full release. It takes up what SR does well (weapons, combat style, skyscraper set pieces etc) and cuts out a lot the shortcomings (annoying repetition on NPC 'pickle' phrases) but doesn't supply much more than that.  Mostly filler challenges and some loyalty and side quests and the chance to enjoy flight. BUT in the tradition of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, GOOH also has a musical to enjoy. WOOT!Be aware of no additional clothing customizations, so you can't dress up as a Grim Reaper or Mistress of the Dark, no licensed soundtrack (just have Michael's 'Thriller' nearby and other pop-horror tunes handy or maybe Meatloaf, Audioslave, Godsmack, Gorillaz, Queens of the Stoneage, Benni Benasi, Pitbull on standby.) No witty references to Elvira, or other pop, zombie, horror, vampire, werewolf culture appear at all.Had this title recieved a proper numbered sequel budget it could have easily transitioned into a stand alone, spin-off franchise while still maintaining Saints Row status without officially being Saints Row 5 (if they had done what they originally did with SR4, which originally was slated as a SR3 expansion then released as a full game I wouldn't hesitate so much over the lack of what's missing.)So much potential goes unused because it IS an 'expandalone' DLC.  Just find the Leather & Lace soundtrack on YouTube to play while in game... LOL"
76561198126754398,Recommended,301910,14125637,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Scotcheggs,"The wheels on the bus go, round and round, round and round, round and round!"
,Recommended,301910,14125745,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BEEPBEEPIMASHEEP,Brings back good memories of Saints Row can't wait for V though
,Recommended,301910,14105466,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Nexus Cakes,"Very good sequel to the franchise. Its not the greatest Saints Row game, but its definitely not the worst. If you have played SR4, its a lot like that game but without the simulation and more hell. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,14101134,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,HitMan77,"First Impressions:I haven't clocked many hours in the game but can advise a few pros and cons so far:Pros:+ Flight with wings is pretty cool+ Change of scenery (seems like most of Steelport is in Hell)+ New Weapons to play with+ Flight makes collecting clusters much easierCons:- No campaign missions, mostly open world activities- No cinematic cutscenes, small narratives so far- No music, but who would expect a descent soundtrack in Hell- Don't play as ""The Boss""Overall the cons I listed don't ruin my experience enoying the open-world gameplay.  I just had to point out some major shift changes for those who the cons I listed matter more to.  So far for $19.99 you get what you pay for.  Not a full major release by far but I have enjoyed my gameplay so far."
,Recommended,301910,14117710,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Sjew,BESTGAMEEVERReccomended so much you get to play as Johnny Gat or Kinzie in this so epic played co-op beat the game.
76561197970527076,Recommended,301910,14150492,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,timmons1234,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell, the musical. Just when you didn't think it could go more over the top."
,Recommended,301910,14133774,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,TheBatDoc,"If you are a fan of the Saints Row series, you will love this game, and especially if you love Saints Row 4.Saints Row: Gat out of Hell, uses similiar super powers to SR4, but you can learn them, if you want, less than half an hour into the game. There are also power variations, and other powers than before, but how you use them has not changed.You will meet characters who you've met before, but this time at Satans ""home planet"".I have had a lot of fun already, and will continue having fun, because this game is just comedy gold, and a lot of missions are still available, which haven't been done yet.You will beat the main story in no time, but there is so much other stuff do keep you occupied, so that's a good sign,Overall, I will rate this game a 9/10, only criticism is that the story could have been longer, but everything else about it was great, and i am happy that there are still actually games out there that are really fun to pre-order."
76561198125697966,Recommended,301910,14151247,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,almostideal,"If you like Saints Row IV then this is a great addition to the series. It strips away with any pretense of being a serious game and just allows the player to have a lot of fun. However, you really need to be a fan of SR to get the most from the game. It does seem short but for the asking price that's fine, takes about 3-5 hrs to complete the main quest  and the same again to do all the sidequests, although there are a heap of collectables to find.The flying mechanic is excellent although it takes a lot of points to get it to a usable level. Once at that level though soaring through hell is a joy to experience.The writing could be more fleshed out but when it delivers it really delivers. Some moments are laugh out loud funny and the musical segment is astounding.On the downside, the graphics are decidedly last-gen, playing as Johnny and Kinzie nixes any customisation as well. A lot of time it definitely feels like a mega-DLC adding very little to gunplay and mechanics. Also no music stations, which has always been a high point of previous SR titles. You also really need to play SR:IV first, otherwise a lot of what happens will make no sense.All-in-all worth buying if you're a fan of the series then this is a must buy. It's short but an absolute blast and is well worth the low asking price."
76561198036824129,Recommended,301910,14151996,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Johnston,First I would like to start by saying this is an expansion of Saints Row 4. Its roughly 4 to 5 hours long to 100% the game! Lots of silly humor and lots of fun. So a good time haha.. Very good story is good game is good its all good. The flying is alot of fun! If you enjoy Saints Row then this is definatly worth the buy!
76561198045343656,Recommended,301910,14152879,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,jacobcub9,♥♥♥♥ing awsome only wish we chould get for then 4hours of story mode for $20
,Recommended,301910,14152965,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Xazid,It's a great game for the price of $20. My all time favorite Saint's Row game ever and you get what you pay for. The game includes a lot of endings in which I won't spoil here and converts your character from Saint's Row 4 over to the boss character in this game. All in all I recommend this gem.
76561198006722037,Recommended,301910,14152634,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ttavoc,Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is definitely worth the 20 bucks. When you have enjoyed Saints Row 4. When we break it done to the basics we have an technically outdated open world shooter which has in some points weaker gameplay than its predecessors. For example the highly enjoyable radio has disappeared. Nearly all buildings are unpassable terrain. And finally you cant make your own character. The last point felt never like a limitation to me as I enjoy Kinzie and Jonnie - they are both very cool characters.When you want a serious game or something with sophisticated gameplay this is definitily the wrong game for you. For a fast and funny gaming experience it is simply perfect.
,Recommended,301910,14153368,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Real,"Personally, i didn't like sr4 as much as sr3. Hilarity and Stupidity aside, the changes were very drastic, while keeping the base the same. SR:GooH goes even further and now we are at a point, at which it completely alienated from sr2 and sr3. And that's good! Other than sr4, which, at least to me, still felt a lot like a competetive product to GTA 5, GooH is now an own game.Storywise, it is a sequel of sr4. The boss (read from your savefile of sr4, or taking standard, should none be found) gets kidnapped by Satan, so Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington travel to hell to save their beloved leader.The content is quite low, as you can expect from a 20-Euro-game. You can quite easily 100% it in 20 hours, the story itself is about 5 hours.Due to the low price, of course very low content must be expected. This exceeds the Story- and Character customization elements, for there are no radio stations, big car variety, flying vehicles, garages, and such things. Bugs are to be expected too. But a lot of collectibles and backstory about the world, Satan and recurring characters are implemented though. I think this suits the game very well, it is now, what sr4 should have been:SUPERHERO SIMULATORand only that.tl;dr: A crazy good open-world game for 20 euros? Worth a buy!8/10"
76561198088028616,Recommended,301910,14153658,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,slambamwam,"This is an increadibly fun game. If you are a fan of 2 this will be even better. The gameplay is still like 4 sure, but it gives much needed closure to many events in 2. Plus, they did a great job of fixing Johnny's personality from what it was in 4. Dane Vogel also made the jump to this game well, he is still a greedy, sarcastic businessman, and still will spout amazing one liners. The game is short (It took me 4 hours to beat) so maybe wait for a sale, but you will not regret this purcase. There is some challenge in the game which is good, thi activities are fun, and flying is really cool. The storybook cutscenes get a little old, but they don't detract from the experience in any way. The game is hilarious, I found myself laughing more than i I did in 3 or 4. The ending is cool, you have a few option to pick from. The ending itself is pretty good, not great, but no bad either. Overall, if you want a game to tide you over for the close ariving games, or just looking for a great, solid shooter, this game is for you."
76561198040590170,Not Recommended,301910,14153659,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,snowgies,"Pretty disappointing.  A Saint's game with no real missions, seems to be hastily thrown together, feels like a DLC. I thought this was going to be a great deal of fun like Blood Dragon, but Blood Dragon was way more satisfying.  I would not recommend buying it at full price like I did.  Not worth it."
,Recommended,301910,14153922,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sam2332,FUN GAME!
,Recommended,301910,14154199,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mrdstack7,game starting to get  laggy and glitchy and game restaring. Other than hat  AMAZING GAME I LOVE IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,301910,14154325,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Eric Harris,Haven't played it that long but it's ♥♥♥♥ing badass
76561198170097891,Recommended,301910,14154779,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tristanimations,THIS GAME IS SO SLOW! IT NEVER RUNS WELL AT ALL!
76561198037872613,Recommended,301910,14148020,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,O'Neil,"First of all, only buy the game if you liked the IV Part.The Humor is brillant but it is sooo damn short...I now it is just a DLC but...arg.So lets make this Review as short as possible:+ great Humor+ + Johnny Gat+ Nathan Filion as God- No soundtrack/radio ? I mean the music used is greatbut...why?- short- nothing really new, all the challenges feel oldOverall I kinda liked the story but it is so much wasted potential."
,Not Recommended,301910,22291813,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Softendo79 (KKK),"I love the saints row saga, saints row the third, saints row 4, saints row 2 EVEN! But this game....the loyalty missions from 4, arent even FUN anymore, there just hard, boring, and annoying challenges!And that brings us up to my 3rd reason not to buy this game, and save it on, IDK, SAINT ROW 3, OR 4? 2 EVEN!anyways 3rd reason: this game, made me rage the hardest! Sure theres unique guns, and old characters, and new ones,but this game..... Whne you face the mega demons, my god, THEY ARENT FAIR, they keep smashing the groundso you keep bouncing around DEFENSLESS, INTILL YOU DIE! I completed this game, and yes there multiple endings.There good. But my final rating after playing this game..... is -9 SOULS OUTTA 1, Get it? Becuz negative IS UNDER NUMBERS, HAHAHAHAHA, srry.... ERR-Um, Dont buy this game man."
,Recommended,301910,27554096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,igordonin,"I really loved this game. It has a nice gameplay and it's funny as hell! :DGreat graphics, nice missions, nice dialogues, lots of fun. Controls are pretty nice too."
,Recommended,301910,27556513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,evilfunky,Good game.Good plot.Lots of chaos and demon kills.Just for relax.The story is short which is the main con but still a good game.
76561198171420541,Recommended,301910,27903513,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shaundis.ex,"Doesn't have the same high replay value as the other Saints Row titles, but worth playing though at least once."
76561198149500204,Not Recommended,301910,27976760,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dean592,"Doesn't work.  Followed every piece of advice and every forum, still the same ""Corrupt data"" message at the begining of the game.  Loved SRIV, but this is just aweful.    And I'm not the only one having these issues.  READ THE FORUMS BEFORE YOU BUY. It would seem that issues with this game are extremely common"
,Not Recommended,301910,27976037,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell is essentially an expansion pack for Saints Row 4, and not a particularly great one. Stick to the main game, and if you decide that you absolutely must have more Saints in your life, thenmaybeconsider this one. It's hard to say it's a good investment of time or money though.The only step forward from the prior game comes in the form of tweaked flight mechanics. Gaining or losing altitude directly affects your flight speed, and flaps of your angelic wings act as a secondary stamina system to add a touch of extra depth to the system. They're small touches, but they add up to make flight engaging in its own right rather than just a convenient way to get from A to B.That comes at the cost of nearly everything else though. There's barely a campaign to speak of, homies have been completely cut out, music has been completely cut out, and even The Boss has been cut out in favor of Johnny Gat, the least interesting Saint by no small margin. There's simply a dearth of character, which is not a good look for a series that has always hung its hat on it.Bottom line, the open world gameplay is totally serviceable. But that's pretty much it, and open world gameplay isn't hard to find these days."
76561198116039701,Recommended,301910,27747392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brokenml99,Fun game to spend a couple of hours with.Get it at a discount though.
,Recommended,301910,27758818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pay,For the real fans it's pure fun. esspecially in the cutscenes.Gameplay what you have come to expect.Keep in mind it's standalone DLC. So please play Saints row IV first.To bad i don't get to play my custumized character.
76561198201294909,Recommended,301910,27713372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,_CodenameRin_,"Its a Saint Row game so there  is a lot of things to do and hard to explain in words. Only thing to complain is that at the beginning, the controls are little hard at first but you get used it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,301910,30950027,Posted: 4 April,all,Stay_C,"This game is ridiculous, just as as it's supposed to be.Alot of strange action, unexpected storyline changes, and just kicking♥♥♥♥♥saintrow climate - makes this game amazing.Graphic is great, and sounds are great. This is just a good game.Just ordinary saints row"
,Recommended,301910,27916724,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SinSimmer17,"always a good time to: shot, blowup and runover everthing in hell to♥♥♥♥♥♥off Satan in a short casual game 10/10."
,Not Recommended,301910,14400121,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,김아영,"세인츠로우 2부터 한 유저로서 새로 나왔길래 예약 구매함게임 실행 누르면 ""게임 준비중 (1/5)"" 이 창만 계속 뜨고 안뜨게 하려면""ctrl+ alt+ del "" 들어가서 작업 관리자로 종료 해야 안뜨고 스팀에 안된다고 환불 했더니못한다고 하던데 실행 되게 어떻게 해주던가윈도우 10 에서 할수 있는 방법 없나.. 환불점.."
,Recommended,301910,27949713,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sam_0989,"This game is a very good installment of the Saints Row series. While this doesn't have enough content to be a stand alone title, it is a strong continuation of saints row 4. I would highly recommend this game to those who love smashing shooter games."
,Recommended,301910,25324444,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,theghostlyghost4,"its a good time killing, rage mode of a great game franchise"
,Recommended,301910,25241910,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Thethingofcreepy,"This is saints row IV hell DLC, not a full game (hence the lower price). If you know that its going to be a reskinned saints row IV add-on, this game is great. Hell is about as memorable as Steelport (but with lava and fire), gameplay is just like the last two saints row games, guns and powers are a bit cooler than the ones in SRIV, but none of that matters because of the goddamned (pun intended) wings. Remeber how you could glide in SRIV? remember how you couldn't go up? Well ♥♥♥♥ gliding cause now you have a full set of wings, and they can flap and fly and everything adn it is so much fun. The wings alone make the rest of the game well worth its shelckles"
,Recommended,301910,27480571,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xenno csgolive.com,If you want to beat satan and his henchmen. This is a Game for you.
76561198052170630,Recommended,301910,27457452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Severus Snape,"Fun game where Satan's daughters betrays him, so just want to give the poor guy a hug."
,Recommended,301910,27516128,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akrion,Damn i liked this game xD
,Recommended,301910,27500654,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trubisky the Starter,Great game. It's what you expect from a Saints Row game.
,Not Recommended,301910,27364956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,C2K2,"As a player that loves Saint Row, after finishing this one, I just can't recommend it.... both as a game to new players or veteran Saint Row players...The game is literally a mix of mini-games, fulfilling challenges and random killing. There is hardly any story, no kind of lasting impression to it.I clocked around 60hours in Saint Row 3 finishing the game and I still like to randomly drive around with the car radio on, just for fun...I clocked around 60hours in Saint Row 4, flying kinda killed the need for cars in that game, but still fun (and faster too)... Fly like a Superman, Sprint like a Flash, Fight like a Saint...This game however... after 24hours, I can't wait to get rid of it... nothing to held my interest at all... actually my brain has already stopped running after around 10hours... the diehard Saint Row zombie took over and made me finish this game..."
,Not Recommended,301910,16872737,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,[GNW] MekDragon,♥♥♥♥in' game corrupted my save file right before the end.  That's what I get for trying to get 100%.
76561198005444322,Recommended,301910,16457635,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SilentDan,Interesting and funny story and characters.  Radio stations were missed.
76561198088229940,Not Recommended,301910,16838860,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,G҉O҉O҉M҉B҉A҉-RC_recoded,DUDE BLACK SCREEN ALWAYS PLS FIX
76561198142399938,Not Recommended,301910,15971176,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Edlaozz,Killing Dex is not satisfying.
76561197987498188,Recommended,301910,15979536,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"I love the Saints-Row games (mostly for the humor) and this installment is an amazing closure of the Gat story-arc.It is more like a standalone add-on than a game on it's own.There are a lot of things that make this game a nice experience but it's still very short and kind of lacks a solid story.The funny thing about this is, that the developers also built-in this fact and make fun of it.Hell is a crazy place but even the evil can't stop the saints."
76561198146655191,Recommended,301910,15865993,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HahaCool,this game took me by surprise when everyone started singing.
,Recommended,301910,15872450,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Spoony Bard,"More like DLC than a standalone game. Will give you about 4 hours or story and maybe another 4 to do all the side stuff, including some tedious challenges.Funny story, albeit short. Just more SRIV really, but in Hell. Would pay about £10."
76561198094017080,Not Recommended,301910,16045215,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Middle Twix,"GOD MUST HAVE BEEN MAD AT US IF HE LET THIS GAME COME INTO EXISTENCE!!!ok let me explain, the story is short and crappy, the game is glitchy and I cant even get the secret ending because when i do a certain persons loyalty mission the game crashes. did you like customizations and funny weapons in Saints Row 4 well then this game flips the middle finger if you did because its GONE! and theres only about 20 guns in the game and the only good ones are the seven deadly guns. SUPER POWERS ARE BACK YAY!... wait you wanted FUN super powers well then screw you because we replaced those with crappy unhelpful ones like summoning a minion that only does about 0.000001 damage. and finally the games open world and quests, bottom line this games is just a poor reskin of the last games with less content and the only civilians you can mess around with are bland husks and the occasional demon. So if you plan on getting this game your hopefully your expectaitons are very low because if not your F#$@&!"
,Recommended,301910,16749090,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"I thoroughly enjoyed Saints Row 4 so it's no surprise I enjoyed Gat out of Hell. The gameplay is the highly here, whereas the story and graphics (like SR4) are a let down. The story is very sparse is mostly involves people making you play mini games. There's lots to do here but it's filler.+ Fun gameplay. I enjoy super-powered, open-world games.- Story is a letdown due to forcing you to play filler.- Graphics and lackluster.Playtime: ~ 6h7/10"
,Recommended,301910,16754357,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Django Fett,"Alright im going to keep this short & spoiler free, If you liked 3 & 4 plus dont mind a short story with repetitive activity quests then you should buy this but since its short, I suggest to buy it on sale.2.5 out of 5"
,Recommended,301910,16630665,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SHADOW-XIII,"Ridiculously ridiculous, funny & enjoyable story,very similar to SR4 but located in Hell, unfortunately a bit short.If you enjoyed SR4, get it."
,Recommended,301910,16687722,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TNT,"I thought that this game was similar to saints row 4. The movements, takedowns and items are similar to saints row 4. The story is nice but i thought it was too short and so i treat this game more as an dlc than a game. It is very nice with the setting but i the lack of the boss let me down. The story and the little bit of musical bit. The Gat humour and character is really focused in this game and i loved it.ProsGood short storyPretty lookingNice settingConsShort story - 3 hours completelake of the bossvery similar to saints row 4ConclusionBuy it if its cheap but get saints row 4 if u want a better story with a longer game"
,Recommended,301910,16692830,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Larsque,"100% Recommended to people with a sense of super blunt, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet great humour for irony! Game play is fast so time goes by like nothing. The video settings are super super customizable and friendly to computers.If you're not in it for the blunt humour, the graphics are fan-hella-tastic. I'm running on ""low"" settings at 1902x1080 and the graphics are beau-ti-ful! The flying mechanics are fun as well."
,Recommended,301910,16694820,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Or.Yaari,Amazing game.So much fun.Another great addition to the Saints Row franchise
76561198139301479,Recommended,301910,17184179,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Axel023,"Saint Row: Gat out of Hell = Saint Row 4.5Saints Row: Gat out of Hell is really fun to play with the story is really good and hilarious a bit better than Saints Row 4. You get to play as Gat or Kinzie and the new weapons is really fun to use i really enjoyed the multiple ending choices it's really thought out. Once you finished the quest you can slowly find all the collectables scattered around the map like in Saints Row 4.The main story can be complete in 4 hours that's really short, the side quest is just play the activities and complete it like it's forcing us to play the activities like a quarter of the game is recycle from Saints Row 4 and there's only few quest to play which is weird Saints Row 4 has more quest than this game. This game is really short if you count on the quests given, the replayability is really low some of us replay it for the achievements.7/10 good story but shortsee what i did there 7 as in 7 deadly sinsok... this is awkward..."
76561198191625399,Recommended,301910,24103913,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Joe8969,i like this game a lot it is pretty fun i like the new guns i think they are really uniqe and fit the setting of the game well i also like the 2 characters they both play the same in terms of weapons but doing melee rushes and three punch combos are different like johny gat will use his knives and will kinzie wil beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people but there are some sound effects missing for kinzie and i think the DLC pack is pretty cool you get  a skull that shoots a orange laser with flame aura and infinite ammo which is amazing but the weapon is REALLY weak without upgrades but it has infinite ammo to make up for it and the purple wings you get are awesome too i recomend the DLC pack its like 2 dollars i think and now i can adress some really stupid choices in the game one the story is way way way too cheesy it feels like a disney movie honestly like with the singing and♥♥♥♥♥♥and another problem in co-op is when your partner or you pauses the game the game pauses for you or ur parnter too its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell honestly and one last problem is the lack of missions like the only campaign missions is the starting ones and the final one like a total of THREE missions its ♥♥♥♥ing stupid how little effort there are in missions [at least you can replay the last mission that was pretty fun] well i guess its not much of a problem considering the story sucks. well other than those flaws i recomend this game its 15 dollars i think and it is worth that defintley plus there are mods which im not getting into now but i do recomend this game and the dlc pack.
76561198028059421,Recommended,301910,24334075,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Buddytiger,"as zanny as Saints Row IV, with the same amount of silly humour, hilarious punch lines, gratuitous violence and over the top super powered action. It also has plenty of references to other movies, games and previous Saints Row games (since you're in Hell you get to meet people you've sent there previously...) . The story, albeit short, is fun and never takes itself seriously.If you loved SR IV, grab this dlc-disguised-as-a-standalone-game without hesitation, but wait for sales as it's a bit short."
,Not Recommended,301910,24346537,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ARex,"This game feels like a poorly completed DLC.  The humor is not that rich, there are no customizations, the two characters get really annoying after awhile, there is little originality (you go to hell - what else?), the achievements are grind grind grind, the story what there is of it is brief, the visuals are blah, and the action is repetitive.If you want to continue in the SR series, sure, go with that.  Otherwise get SR2, SR3 or SR4.  Avoid this one."
,Recommended,301910,24382418,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,operand,"I'm not sure why this got such low reviews. It's a fun, but short diversion, that'll last you a weekend or two.If you liked Saints Row 4, this is basically an expansion pack to that game. It's short, and easy, but I definitely found it fun. Like others, I would only recommend buying this on sale, mainly because of how short it is."
,Recommended,301910,24376508,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Bob,"If you view this game as the next full game in the Saint’s Row series then you are going to be disappointed. It is short; lacking in numerous features and those that are here are mostly just rehashes of existing gameplay elements. However if you view this as a standalone item of DLC then it is extremely enjoyable. The new setting of hell is excellent, there are a bunch of fun weapons, it has a much more enjoyable flying mechanic, a selection of different endings; some funny moments and cool characters. The different objectives are fun and there are plenty of them (although towards the end some do get a big grindy). One thing I do miss is having played through all the previous games with my customised character to then be force to play as one of the supporting cast was annoying. You play as Kenzie who I quite liked or Gat who the game series seems infatuated with but I have always found him uninteresting. So overall I am very much giving this game a thumbs up, it is one of the most fun games I have played this year but I’d recommend playing the other Saint’s Row games first."
,Not Recommended,301910,24373233,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lain,Its only like 1 - 2 hours.
76561198143962873,Recommended,301910,24293291,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,☢§¤MonkeyBoy¤§☢,Se termina cam repede
76561198156060583,Recommended,301910,24232373,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,darkdaved,"If you liked SaintsRow 4, and chances are you did, Gat Out Of Hell is pretty much the same thing. You don't have character customization like you did in SR4. but you do have the ability to fly which is pretty freaking sweet.As for it being just an overpriced DLC...not really. It's got lots of side stuff to do like it's parent game, so you have lots of playtime in the game.It's not the greatest game ever put out and it very much shadows SR4, but otherwise it isn't a waste of money, just more of what you are already use to. Fun, but nothing groundbreaking."
76561198051317896,Not Recommended,301910,24307783,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tregarde,"FOR FANS ONLYGat Outta Hell is essentially a stripped down SR4, and really feels more like a DLC mission than a full stand alone game. It's not going to win over any new fans. But people who liked SR4 may have some fun (and even then, I'd only recommend it when it's on sale)."
76561198312735407,Recommended,301910,23980805,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,cwilliams9709,"Love how you get to play as Gat in this game. Overall its another action packed, Creative game in the Saints Row series."
76561198026443822,Recommended,301910,24168838,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,thcgamer,I liked the gameplay and the weird guns and the flying.    I didnt like the singing.
,Recommended,301910,24102065,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dipper Pines,"Well its great to be honest, but there are some dislikes to it, so i will get into the bad first:1. There are no missions.2. all you do is activitys and some how that pisses of the devil.In into the good, it is enjoyable talking to old characters, including Voila and her twin sister, but overall i give this game 8/10."
,Recommended,301910,14097451,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Johnny Lowcash,Short but great.  Nice intermediary before SR5.
76561198033223889,Recommended,301910,14097844,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Yuni Yukitatsu,"This game is so amazing after playing it. 10/10, You get to make Choices of what you decide of what will happen at the end. Just one Problem. The ""Crash the Wedding"" Mission when starting it, shows the Cutscene of the Very Beginning of Gat out of hell, instead of the Actual Cutscene."
76561198025214734,Recommended,301910,14099278,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Devium,"More hilarity for Saints Row fans. Is it a full game? no. Is it worth a $20(CAD) price tag, maybe not. But for those who have played the Saints Row franchise for a while now this is a great new addition to the series. All the same hilarity but taking place in Hell. Take on demons, use new powers including summoning imps to do your bidding. Work with some interesting characters along the way to save the President."
,Recommended,301910,14099393,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dark Bishop,"Good dlc. More saints row just in Hell. You can't really customize cars which I had a lot of fun with in SR3 & 4, but the weapons are hilarious. If you do buy it, play it for fun. Everybody has their own opinion, and to me this dlc is worth it. Also,I shot Satan in the face...multiple times."
,Recommended,301910,14101440,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ShadowsofYesterday,"Was this worth my $20? Long story short, no. Do I regret buying it though? Also no. The game has its flaws, and I feel it doesn't really measure up to Saints Row IV or its Christmas DLC (which is apparently no longer canon as of this game. Sad, I really liked that DLC) as a result of those flaws, but I still had fun with it.Let me get my biggest complaint out of the way right off the top: You bothered to put in the time to collect 100% of the clusters so you could max out all your powers? Well too bad! You can't. There are 940 clusters in this game, and purchasing and upgrading all of your powers would take at least 1120, if my calculations are correct. Unlike SRIV, which left you with a ton of clusters you'd never use, in this game, it's impossible to max out all your powers, so you have to pick and choose which ones you want to max (it would have been nice to know that BEFORE I spent clusters willy nilly grabbing every upgrade for the never-used 'Summons' power). Now if this were some sort of class/build-based RPG, that'd be fine, but this is a Saints Row game, and I expect to be rewarded for taking the time to collect everything.Beyond that, the game lacks a lot of what gives Saints Row games their personality, such as 80s pop music and a large cast of colourful characters. Saints Row IV was a bit bland in the post-game, but this game feels very empty and lifeless. Makes sense for the setting, I suppose, but it could have been handled better. I miss being able to dress up my characters however I see fit, and buying things from actual shops. I miss being able to store/recall and/or modify vehicles (even though vehicles have been worthless since Saints IV). I even miss being able to taunt or compliment random passersby (I tried binding those actions to keys in the key setup menu, but it refused to bind those actions, probably because they didn't want to make taunts or compliments for each character). I really miss the ""Death From Above"" attack from Saints Row IV, since it's still possible to hover in midair, and it even still uses the same animation. With the new flight mode, it seems like it'd have been a perfect fit, but it was taken out for some reason.Now on to the positive: The flight is fun. It's something that was SORELY missing in Saints Row IV, and I really enjoy screwing around with it. It takes a good while to get the hang of, and even longer to master, but when you do, it feels pretty natural (at least for mouse and keyboard, but I can't imagine why you'd be playing this game with a controller). At least one of the new powers and a couple of the new weapons are interesting. Not really anything too special, and I'd rather just take the Saints Row IV weapons and powers any day, but interesting. Switching off between Johnny and Kinzie is kind of a neat little gimmick, even though it seems to be mostly if not entirely a cosmetic difference (it feels like Kinzie takes damage faster, though I may just be imagining that. Other than that, the only difference I see is in the final boss fight, depending on who you are when you go into it). The humour is okay, though that's to be expected of Saints Row.tl;dr: It's not as good as Saints Row IV or the Christmas DLC, I'm sad that the Christmas DLC is no longer canon, I'm not happy about not being able to max out my character, and I feel the price was much higher than it should have been, but I still enjoyed it, so I can't say I don't recommend it. I give Gat Out of Hell a C+."
,Recommended,301910,14101642,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Silent Dan,"Bottom line: if you enjoyed Saints Row IV enough to finish it, buy this, and continue the craziness.Highs:If you love freedom of movement in video games, you'll love the flight mechanic.  The Tomb Raider reboot disappointed me mostly because Lara controlled like a comatose linebacker, and this is the polar opposite of that.  It'll take you 7-10 minutes of play time to get super sprint, and your wings.  You're on a fixed momentum budget when you take wing, so it's still (mostly) unpowered gliding, but being able to dive low, and then swoop upwards, is liberating and fun.  As soon as I got those wings, I forgot about everything else and just flew all over hell, picking up over 250 clusters before finally carrying on with the missions.The writing and humour remain strong in this game, and wacky non-sequiturs (such as Satan breaking into song, Andrew Lloyd Webber-style) abound, and the voice acting is solid.Middles:Although I've always been a little stumped as to why Johnny Gat is always spoken of as though he's the star of the series, I'm not bothered by playing as him.  I much prefer Kinzie's personality, though, so I've mostly been playing as her.  I love her sardonic wit, her undisguised contempt for convention, and her character model.  Using her to make my enemies say ""teacup"" is just plain delightful.**In spite of the opportunity to create even more outlandish weapons than the Black Hole, Dubstep, and Disintegrator guns available in SR4, this game's weaponry is fairly lacklustre.  The armchair with gatling guns is the best of them, and it's a little cumbersome to wield.  They're not bad or unusable or anything, but I was expecting to be wowed, and I merely found them thematically appropriate.Lows:It's pretty short, but it's also nowhere near typical AAA launch prices, so it's worth what it costs, I just wish there were more of it.Engine looks pretty dated.  The graphics aren't bad, but they're sub-par.  I don't really care, personally, but it's something you'll notice.The one thing I can't forgive, however (and the reason I'm keeping SR4 installed) is this game's total lack of actor Keith David.  I'm not sure what they were thinking.  If this game were ""Keith David Out of Hell"" they could charge twice the price and I'd still gladly pay it.  I'd like to think that Keith made some sort of principled, awesomeness-based objection to participating -- something like, ""I'm not doing a Hell scene unless I can be Spawn again"" --but I think Volition just really likes Gat for some reason, and once they thought up a titular pun, there was no going back.** In SR4, we learned that ""teacup"" is Kinzie's ""safe word"" but the enemies don't actually say ""teacup"" or anything.  I was just making an inside reference."
,Recommended,301910,14102122,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vielissiar,"The game is a great fun fast expansion to SRIV - but it's really buggy.  Over the entire game (in co-op) we had to relaunch 4-6 times, either due to cut scenes failing to load or enemy spawns not triggering.That being said it's still a ton of fun to play. I'm a huge fan of SRIV and this is just more time I get to spend with my favorite characters.  It's short, sweet, and to the point - and definitely a must have to SRIV fans."
,Recommended,301910,14102160,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,YaBoyMARC,great game overall but should have added music to the game
,Recommended,301910,14201952,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,John van de Laar,Great game Great story but no radio or customisations overall i give 6/10
,Recommended,301910,14191023,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sadface,"Gat out of Hell is a fun standalone DLC to kill a few hours on. It takes a fraction of the time to complete as SR3 or SR4, but it's still quite fun and worth playing. Don't get it if you're expecting a fully-fledged game with 40 hours of playtime - you're probably only going to get 5-6 hours out of it instead.I don't think it suffers for it, but there's a lot less to do - take that as you will.The atmosphere of the game is designed well: the cityscape is sufficiently hellish and the vehicles are all modified slightly in appearance and name, and sometimes function too. It's great fun to hop in a Comet, press E to set it on fire, and then drive along a main road for as long as you can before you explode. Encountering a Rambulance is also great for a laugh too, when you see them swerving all over the road aiming for pedestrians to hit. Finally you can go on a monster truck rampage and crush cars all over the road.I only wish they had added more quirky vehicles challenges like these."
,Recommended,301910,14165816,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,FlashToroGaming,A short & sweet game that all will love if you enjoy overworld Hit N' Run based games~It is a short campaign which everything can be done besides the collectibles in under 8 hours.I say it was worth the twenty bucks without a doubt although some parts need ironing.Only issues I've encountered is during cutscenes for a second the dialogue stops then continues from where it stopped so it's off sync & doubt it's an issue but some of the overworld interact animation could be worked on a bit.I love the Saints Row Series the main dissapointment for me was the storybook style cutscenes that it made it feel like you were just being shoved in the game.I still thoroughly enjoyed the game and plan to replay it with a friend!P.S I thought the Saints Wings were going to have a different particle effect set?
,Recommended,301910,14166391,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,wet,devil's daugther/10
76561198093865395,Recommended,301910,14166802,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jaghatai Khan,"""Hell is what you make of it, sweetie.""And oh, how fun Hell was.Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell was a fun addition to the franchise. For a standalone DLC, it was a great 11 hours of gameplay. Flight is this game's strongest suit: I struggled with it at first, but realized that it's no different than flying in any Saints Row game. (Tip: the controls are like a plane's: up is down, down is up, don't tilt or you'll stall.) Combat remains the same, though the utility of some are in question. (Didn't like the Laz-E-boy gatling gun, loved the Diamond gun.)The story is also worth it, especially if you are invested in the franchise. The President (which, by the way, is your SR4 character if you happened to play it beforehand) is abducted by Satan. Gat and Kinzie goes to hell, literally, and meets Dane and a bunch of other characters. I won't spoil them for you, considering that's half of the fun of discovering them. The ending is the kicker: you get to choose it and you'll get snippets of how some lose ends are tied up. (Loved the first ending with Gat, so heartwarming.)It will last you a solid 6 hours, more if you want to complete the game.Should I recommend this game?YES.Play it if you want the thrill of open world sims like GTA or Infamous, or are already heavily invested in the Saints Row universe.Don't play it if: you don't like Saints Row humor, wanted a more solid experience from an open world sim, or comparing it to Saints Row 2/GTA, because there is no comparison to be made."
76561198021287616,Recommended,301910,14167428,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ReffGamer,(Y)
76561197977145033,Not Recommended,301910,14167536,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[GFMN] Doctor Quack,short
76561198056853235,Recommended,301910,14168096,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mike,"You'll honestly get your money's worth with this game, if you try to 100% this game you'll spend about 20-24 hours of gameplay.In my opinion, do not buy this unless you're a die-hard Saints Row fan who wants to see the conclusion to this interation of Saints Row. Buy it for a lower price if you just want it as a time killer.Pros:Great flying mechanicSmoother co-op compared to the last two entriesTies up a few loose ends indirectly (Dex, Planet being blown up, and a possible look at their plans of a reboot.)Variety in the weapons you haveActivities are linearFinally another new city, or hell, whatever.Cons:The upgrades drain money really quickly (Both Character/Weapons)A small armory at your disposalLittle character varietyBarely any story missionsThe city is smallMoney is hard to get late-game"
,Recommended,301910,14168390,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TheSalterOfMen,I have to say that I loved this game.  It was fun to paly and the dialogue funny.  I have played it for about 19 hours and I finished the game.  Love the powers and guns.  Though I am having a problem where the final collectible isn't there at all.  It's listed on the map and there is nothing above where it is or below.  It's a bug but only one so I can deal with it.  Overall an amazing game and I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,301910,14169114,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Argoti,It's More Saint's Row IV. If you want that get it.
76561198093331718,Recommended,301910,14169304,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Walleroo,"Well, it`s hell alright...Looks like a awsome place..."
,Recommended,301910,14169624,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Spbly,I've nothing to say. 10/10 as like others
,Recommended,301910,14170134,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RVT,"Well, it seems as through Saints Row has finally jumped the shark... essentially, this plays like a large DLC upgrade to Saints Row IV (which is great, if you like Saints Row IV). A couple of the same activities are present, though they have a bit of a face lift. There are also a couple of new ones. Most of the changes, so far, seem to be in flying activities and physics. Just wait, at this rate they're going to bring out a Saints Row stage musical, next."
,Recommended,301910,14170477,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Neosamuel,"Did you like Saints Row 4? The answer to that question is also the answer to ""should you buy this game""A few things have changed, Telekineses has been replaced with minion summoning, you no longer have access to death from above, force field and super jump has been combined into flight, and you no longer play as a customisable character. Instead you have Gat or Kinzie.The game is still good, although there are only two straight missions, the rest is challenges and diversions. If you are looking into a mission based game, then look to some of the pervious titles, if you just want to do minigames and blow stuff up, this game is for you."
76561198039675518,Recommended,301910,14134142,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,IlRazzo,"Im a friend of Shakespeere, Blackbeard and Vlad Tepesh^^10/10"
,Recommended,301910,20732894,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Toasted,"I'm a big fan of SR and i loved this game but.........This game is so short and we don't have enough missons (NORMAL missions)This game had a lot of good ideas but we couldn't enjoy that for a long time.(The game is just 4 hours long)It's worth for 15 euros,buy it if you can or in a Steam saleOur wings are awesomeFlying is AMAZING!TIPS BEFORE YOU KILL SATAN-Max your hammer-Max your flying skills-Max your sprint skills-And MAX YOUR RPG(After that you'll GAT an epic ending)"
76561198033289995,Recommended,301910,20747151,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FalseWarGod,"Using the Saint's Row IV engine, they send you to Hell to take over the devil's turf. As Johnny Gat and Mackenzie. Have at it as only a Saint can."
,Recommended,301910,15757663,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hiroshi,Больше демонов с*ка !!!!!
,Not Recommended,301910,20655453,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Rav3n,"I've always been a fan of the Saints Row series, but this game is just a disgrace. The only part I really seemed to enjoy was the opening scene and once that was over it reminded me a lot of the fourth installment. To me it seemed like this game was made only just so the creators could get more money."
,Not Recommended,301910,21486276,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,XTChrisTX,An overpriced rehash of previous Saints Row games that tries to joke about its dearth of actual new content. It could have been great- some of the new elements were quite interesting- but kind of just lacks what made the other games so compelling.
,Recommended,301910,21483574,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Th3Playa123,"Once upon a time, people bought this game,saints row: gat out of hell, and made the best choice EVER"
,Not Recommended,301910,21692967,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,General Kass,"Now, Gat Out of Hell is by no means bad. Its just not so much Saints Row, not even Saints Row 4.The concept is simple. The Boss was abducted by Satan and now Gat needs to take over hell. The problem is that its basically the bare bones of Saints IV. There's almost no story progression, no planning or really making alliances. The story is summed up in one sentence over and over: ""Make Satan mad, so you can shoot him in the face"".On top of this, there are no cutscenes, just still images with voice overs. There's no line of story quests, the entire thing is just ""do side missions until the end boss opens up"". The problem with this is that of the 5 districts of town (each with their own boss) you only HAVE to ally with 2 bosses to get the finale and there's really no indication that it is the finale until you're already there.Instead of quirky loyalty missions to unlock superhero costumes, this time... there's nothing. You can't call on your companions, theres no conclusion to the loyalty missions, its just... eh. It feels like Volition finally ran out of steam or it could be because the entire budget was spent on a single musical sequence.The other problem with the game is that a lot of the new weapons and powers are just effects. There's a shotgun that makes people dance, there's a gun that makes people eat eachother, superpowers that make people worship you, two super powers that makes peopel freeze. The problem is that none of the new weapons or powers are as good as the Saints 4 Bling and Chain reaction powers. On top of that, even though the game has made new side quests for vehicles, there's no reason at all to drive them, even less of a reason than Saints 3.Additionally, even the achievements are pretty lackluster, most of them (and most of the in-game ""quests"") are just grinding. ""Kill 1000 people with this weapon"", good. Now ""kill 200 people with this superpower"" etc. etc.I had fun for a while, but I just can't recommend it."
76561198044979245,Not Recommended,301910,21628232,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[S] Kodama,"Extremely disappointed. Didn't have huge hopes or expectations but nevertheless, game let me down ...More follows"
76561198255752118,Recommended,301910,21769903,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Triforcegamer24,"Very fun and very enjoyable. I noticed that some people believe the game is too short and honestly, I see what they mean but remember that this is technically an EXPANSION PACK as opposed to a proper game. 10/10"
76561198106454141,Recommended,301910,21794517,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Riddler,i got %90 achievements on this and like all the other sr games its freakin awesome! the only con is that this one is short on story. but everything else is great
,Recommended,301910,21712225,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Flamer the pyromaniac,i would highly reccomend this to anyone who likes saints row 4 they used aspects from the fourth but with thier own twist. if you wanna punch satan in the face get this game.
76561198053061255,Not Recommended,301910,21704673,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Guri,This game is too short...
76561198116400012,Recommended,301910,21741909,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Altroid,"It's an interesting little addition off the main plot line, but you can beat the game in a day. A little overpriced for what you get so only buy on sale."
,Recommended,301910,24731798,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Begasus [MMold],"Nice Saint Row game, more a DLC then full game.Some parts are hilarious as always.But really and I said REALLY short game.To buy only if you are fan of the saga.Vote 5.5"
,Recommended,301910,24703921,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Der. P,"Very similar to 4th game, and really just an expansion. Different skin, a few new minigames. Quite like the new flying mechanics. Not much in the way of story. Still heaps of fun."
,Not Recommended,301910,24701829,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Y23Y,"Used to be a good game, now its just a bunch of useless files on my computer. For several days straight now, I haven't been able to reinstall it, let alone play it. I used to play it, but now apparently the Steam servers are busy for the past 3 days. I'm not the only one. I've looked around and it seems almost everyone now buying this game is returning it because they can't install it. Completely useless.Update: Tried about 12 different ways to fix it, have figured out it is Steam causing the problem and not the game company. Still not able to play. So, like I have said, do not get this game, do no give Steam the satisfaction of getting your money for a game that won't even install."
76561198049699422,Recommended,301910,24750813,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ayrton Neff,"You can be and ginger and go to hell, which means you have a soul, which means gingers have souls. Thusly, I can conclude that this game has proven that gingers have souls."
76561198013317564,Recommended,301910,24941596,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Whytestallion,"I think I got this game for $10, but it's a fun game for that price. Short but crazy. Not as good as saints row IV, but hey that's a damn good game.I'd recommend getting it cheap or with all the other saints row stuff. otherwise you'll think you overpaid for itOh. And the hours I put in got me most everything"
,Recommended,301910,22835003,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dr. D. E. Bison,"Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll meI ain't the sharpest tool in the shedShe was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumbIn the shape of an ""L"" on her foreheadWell, the years start coming and they don't stop comingFed to the rules and I hit the ground runningDidn't make sense not to live for funYour brain gets smart but your head gets dumbSo much to do, so much to seeSo what's wrong with taking the backstreets?You'll never know if you don't goYou'll never shine if you don't glowHey now you're an All Star get your game on, go playHey now you're a Rock Star get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the moldIt's a cool place and they say it gets colderYou're bundled up now, wait 'til you get olderBut the meteor men beg to differJudging by the hole in the satellite pictureThe ice we skate is getting pretty thinThe water's getting warm so you might as well swimMy world's on fire, how about yours?That's the way I like it and I'll never get boredHey now you're an All Star get your game on, go playHey now you're a Rock Star get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the mold(Go for the moon)(Go for the moon)(Go for the moon)(Go for the moon)Hey now you're an All Star get your game on, go playHey now you're a Rock Star get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars...Somebody once asked ""Could I spare some change for gas?I need to get myself away from this place""I said ""Yep, what a conceptI could use a little fuel myselfAnd we could all use a little change!""Well, the years start coming and they don't stop comingFed to the rules and I hit the ground runningDidn't make sense not to live for funYour brain gets smart but your head gets dumbSo much to do, so much to seeSo what's wrong with taking the backstreets?You'll never know if you don't goYou'll never shine if you don't glowHey now you're an All Star get your game on, go playHey now you're a Rock Star get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the moldAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the mold"
,Not Recommended,301910,14333096,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,コーヒー,"MAYBE worth it on sale. Story is mediocre, gameplay with weapons and flying is okay, but it's incredibly un-diverse. And just.. ugly. It's a worse, retextured version of Saints Row 4. I enjoyed it okay, but it wasn't worth a full $20. I'm just lucky I got it cheaper, so I can play without feeling ripped off"
76561198003333932,Recommended,301910,24792882,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Alkasyn,"If you liked Saints Row III and IV then this short little game can provide an interesting distraction for a couple of hours. Get it on a sale, though, as the main content here is very thin."
,Recommended,301910,25400164,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,JaneMadelyne,Five minutes in I already knew I was gonna love this game. Haven't been disappointed.
,Recommended,301910,25401840,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cat,Gangster musical ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!... ok so monstly just one bit but still damn cool!I am personally disapointed that they involved god in this... I kinda feel they are limiting the upper potential of the saints... i was kinda hoping a future game might see them go up against the gods themselves...various pantheons of gods as street gangs could have been cool...But no they have to go for the hell motif... which is nice of coarse... but meh..replay value is okish... not as good as the other games... this is kinda of semi-DLCish standalone so not a major innovation and shorter then the other Saints row games if only a bit shorter..Well worth the money anyway...
,Recommended,301910,25500248,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ichiorochi,"TL;DR: Would I recommend this at full price? Depends on how much you love Saints Row and where your pain Threshold is. However on that blue moon when this game goes on -75% sale it is completely worth it for the price if you want more Saints row.Now for a longer explanation. While the previous games were a bit longer you can manage to 100% this game in less than 20 hours, 20 hours exactly if you want all the achievements, that is not necessarily bad. Gat out of Hell does not overstay its welcome and if you want to rush it you can do that in a day or 2. If you are looking forA LOTof bang for your buck this is not the game for you. They could likely have added about half an hour to an hour of gameplay had they fleshed out the storyKiki and Violadigs up with how sinterpol suddenly getting a lot stronger and someone pulling the strings behind the scene,turns out that you get the ending to that after the end credits(which i am a bit disappointed by),but I would say it might have been dropped as it would make the game feel more unfocused and would have destroyed the focused feel the game currently has.What does the game have to offer? Well unlike Saints Row 4 you are actually able to fly, and it will likely be your primary mode of transportation. While the 4superpowers in Gat out of hell are mostly the same, 3/4 are the same as the ones, their new elements makes them different enough that it is not too much the same and gives them a fitting arcane feel to them. As for a more in depth breakdown of the new powers, Buff is now called Aura and Telekinesis has been replaced with the ability to summon 1 out of 3 different type of minion that all areverydifferent.Now for normal transportation in hell, namely cars, cars in hell are fittingly advertised. How are they advertised you may ask? As explosive deathtraps with wheels on. They mostly all handle very badly while having a low top speed compared to Saint Row 4's cars and they explode seemingly easy, one of the cars(the comet) literally have an activity to them where you set them on fire and have to avoid everything for as long as possible. While some might not like that you can not customize your car in this game it is fittingly as not even gat would willingly sit in one of these cars if he had a choice.Speaking of customization sadly you can not customize your character as you are playing as either Gat or Kinze, which depending on how much you like either character is either a plus or a minus for you. Also there is the fact that the premise of the game is basically “make as much noise in hell as possible,” and taking 5 hours to pick clothes would not fit in logically speaking. Being able to change the looks of your weapons would have fit in better and I miss that it is not in the game, but I am personally fine with this, again subjective point.Now because people likes bulleted lists here is one:Pros:Good Flying MechanicGood Voice Acting and theInteresting weaponsNew powersInteresting Characters(Vlad, Jezebel, Shakespeare)Differenet map, unlike Saints Row 4 that reuses Saints Row 3's mapCons:Small weapon selectionNot all the power elements seems that useful(looking at youShadow)Kiki and Viola has dialogue that hints at a more sinister plot that sounds like fun, but you won't experienceNo customnization. not weapons, not cars and not charactersCars are difficult to handleSubjective:Game is shortYou are forced to play Kinzie or Gat"
76561198063628585,Not Recommended,301910,25449944,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,sly_ragoon,"To be clear, the story here is really short, interesting but could have been more developped. You will clear the main missions without knowing it. They introduced new characters while they could (should) have reused enemies from the other games. Some characters like Killbane just appears in some artworks in the story but I would have prefer to confront them in the game ...The gameplay is the same as in Saints Row 4. You have superpowers (which are pretty nice) and you have to find orbs of power on the map to upgrade them. You can only ride cars but there are useless as you can sprint or fly more quicker.The main goal of this game is to complete the side quests to conquer the city and realize some achievements which are really ennoying like killing 150 enemies with this weapon fully upgraded or with this superpower ... There is no real main mission (or really limited), just side quest which unlocks cinematics.This game is more like a DLC from Saints Row 4 than a new game ..."
76561197966542993,Recommended,301910,24090666,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SorSoul,"Bought this during Summer Sale for under $4.Beat it in on Hardcore in just under 6 hours. 64% completion.Pro:-Responsive controls-Flight-Demonic Powers-Art style and depiction of a city in Hell was done well...even if it's Steelport.-The rediculous amount and diversity of collectibles.-Camera control was fairly on point.-Comedic reliefCons:-The Musical number-Can't fire your weapon while flying-Difficulty is too low, even on hardest.-Short (Having multiple endings for replayability is somewhat a plus)-Average AI-While each weapon was in some way unique, only 3-4 in each category including 7 Sins.-Flight and movement controls get a little ""out of sorts"" with collision with Sprint & Flight upgrades, but nothing too detrimentalI'd recommend it, was great for killing some hours in a day.  Didn't realize how long I'd played for, while in it.  Has coop and voice chat, but I didn't do any coop."
,Recommended,301910,24508368,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vaultdweller Exile,"Get it on sale.I spent about 12 hours playing this game/stand-alone DLC because i spent WAY too much time looking for collectibles, and seeing as how I most likey bought this when it was on sale for probably $7.50 I'd say I got my money's worth (1hr=$1).  I didn't enjoy it as much as Saint's Row IV but I didn't hate enough to not finish it; while it feels a little shallow I finished it, which is more than I can say for most of the games I own.  You can probably get through it in much less time than I did if you don't worry about getting 100% of the stuff done. (a streamer could probably get through it in one or two sessions).Pros:*Super Powers*Flying (not just gliding)Cons:*No player customization (Hell has no clothing shops)*Not as many weapons as SR4*With less Saints available there's not as much of the interactions that I enjoyed so much in SR4, this one is for the gameplay not the story or characters.There aren't that many ""misisons"" other than the main questline that unlocks itself as you complete challenges (spend 20 minutes flying, kill 1000 demons, ect) where a bar fills up as you complete challenges and unlocks forced cutscenes - not like new missions but it takes out out of the game and plays it for you; one of which happened while i was flying around looking for collectibles (soul clusters for upgrading powers and audio logs) which was annoying. Until you unlock all of Satan's attention and you get a final Mission unlocked; after that happens you can take your time doing all of the distractions (mayhem, insurance fraud, ect) and they Loyalty missions for your buddies in Hell (which I think is just for colour because doing that doesn't actually help you in any way but might unlock a bonus cutscene after the credits)So basically you just run around causing havok until you get the devil's attention then confront him; there isn't much more to the story than that.Aspects from SR4 that carry over to this stand-alone DLC are the super powers (blast, stomp, and aura) with the addition of ""summon"" instead of the telepathy power.Blast consists of turning enemies to stone instead of freezing them, there is an ability that creates a vortex that slows them down and does damage over time, and an ability that fires a target-seeking soul that does damage over time and can chain to multiple enemies once upgraded.Stomp has the same default blast, a vortex ability that sucks enemies into a black hole and pulls in health and money drops, as well as a Holy Light power that can stun enemies if it doesn't outright kill them.The aura ability has a flame ability like the one in SR4 with a slight twist (the ""cold fire"" can freeze enemies as well as burn them when upgraded), as well as an ability that causes enemies to worship you which grants a damage bonus and stuns them (they don't attack while they're worshiping you) and a vampire ability that saps health.The new ability is the ability to summon demons to fight for you.  It starts with imps that grab onto an hump their target before exploding.  You can upgrade this ability to get more imps as well as making them burn the target as well with cold fire and the ability to trigger their explosion when you want it to happen.  You also gain the ability to spawn a spire which acts as sort of an immobile turret; upgrades add firing missiles and a wider attack area (i didn't think i'd use it as much as i did).  The last power for Summon is the ability to summon a Titan. this is a large hulk of a demon (the wardens of SR4) that will run around and melee enemies; they're strong, tough, and mobile.Super-running returns with an upgrade that allows you to run across lava (if you hit a bubble you'll still burn but not from touching the surface) but you will most likely never be in a situation where you're in lava because most likely you'll be spending all your time flying.Flying in Gat Out of Hell is much like the gliding in SR4, you jump into the air then dash forward and glide, but with your wings you have the ability to climb, dive, and turn-on-a-dime (with agility upgrade) instead of being in free-fall as it was in SR4; you upgrade yourself to have move flaps available to increase your speed in the air (as you climb you lose speed and if you lose all your speed you fall.  I spent A LOT of time flying around, and instead of the speed-running races they have flight-based races this time around; which were a lot of fun.There is a sort of fast-travel system for teleporting from node-to-node (like the gateways in SR4) but the map isn't large enough to necesitate fast-travel; just fly up a little higher and you avoid all the roads and buildings.  Though there is a reward for unlocking all of the teleports, so there's that.All things said I don't feel like I would spend $15 on this game/stand-alone DLC; $10 would be tempting, but I don't feel like I wasted my money buying it for $7.50 (just remember that it feels more like a stand-alone DLC than it's own game; like if Far Harbor was sold without needing to have Fallout 4)Satan's not bad, but he's no Zinyak."
,Recommended,301910,20371574,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Feufo,"Fun, but waaaaay too short.ProsIt's fun: dialogues and jokes, cut-scenes, cool new weapons, superpowers...ConsIt's Saints Row IV with lava and demons but without scenario and character/vehicle customization. The main quest is made up of the usual secondary activities such as fraud or mayhem. So basically the objective is to control every part of the city and pick up clusters. It will take you about 8 hours to do it, a bit more if you want to do every single challenge."
,Not Recommended,301910,20184659,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Arcanine,"The game is alright, itself, but saint row has strayed off of its roots to much now, would reccomend even though I am putting it as I wouldn't."
,Not Recommended,301910,20529645,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mr. TickleDicks,IT SUCKS
76561198082653293,Not Recommended,301910,20597734,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jake_96,It was disappointing
,Recommended,301910,20532826,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,O'Brien,This game is a lot of fun and really feels like a saints row game in the sense that it has great humor and fun clean gameplay. But one of the biggest flaws of this game is its not like the other saints row games were you could spend hours playing and still have stuff to do and collect but in this game there is not a whole lot of stuff to get. And if you look at my time that is the time it took to get all of the items and beat the game. This game feels more like a great and highly polished DLC. but the mini games and side quests are alot of fun the refrences are awsome the guns are creative and fun to use and overal it is a great but very short game.
76561198193206602,Not Recommended,301910,20578500,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,__OFWGKTA__136,bad boring
76561198210415803,Recommended,301910,20021376,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Communist,"This game was really a blast fow me, but let's get into detail'sPros:*Get to play as 2 protagonist.*Get to have a lot of fun, killing demons and such.*Get to shoot the Devil in his face himself. Period.*If you liked Saints Row IV, you'll definetly like this.Cons:*Not good graphics PC sometimes.*Extremely short campaign, because I beat it in about 4 hours.*Should have been a stand-alone expansion pack to SR4, but insead made a completely different game.*It is not worth the price it sks for, so get it on a sale.But in all, I really can't see something wrong with it, so I would really try it out."
,Recommended,301910,20021932,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,blackmars0,"Right off the bat, I'd just like to say I'm a huge fan of the Saints Row series, so keep that in mind when I say the following:I liked it. The flying mechanic felt fluid enough that it was really satisfying. Some of the other powers were over/under powered. Not a dealbreaker by any means. Some weapons were reskinned versions of weapons from previous games, some were nice new additions. I liked the weapon representations of the 7 deadly sins, but I felt like they showed up way too late in the game.The character customization that I loved so much from the previous games is gone, which is a huge blow. There aren't even any clothing options for Gat/Kinzie. It did load in my representation of the POTUS from Saints Row 4 however. I would have liked to have seen more customization options across the board.The activities and collectables were fun, I got gold medals in everything and collected everything on the map in the time I played. That's not a long time. This game is terrifically short. I bought it on sale at -66% off during a sale and I don't know that I would pay full price for a game this size again.Good entry, just needs to be bigger."
,Not Recommended,301910,20062446,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,miyaki,"As much as I love the Saints Row series, this game can be considered a DLC instead.I played probably an 1 1/2hr just to complete main missions which is really short for the game.I won't really recommend buying it if you want to experience the full Saints Row feel.Its too short and you cant really do much.All I did was to fly around to get the clusters. Which was why my gametime is 4.2hrs."
76561198015309150,Recommended,301910,20069109,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,inept,A Saints Row game through and through. If you are a person who enjoyed the previous Saints game this will come as no suprise that you probably will like this one too. It is a rather short experience but well worth the time  invested into it. I never felt like the game was going to slowly and there was always something to do!
,Recommended,301910,20158466,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"It's good, and I am a hard gamer to please. Civ 5 sucks, GTA sucks. SR is awesome. See I'm a hard gamer to please. SR4>GOoH=SR3 > Civ5 and GTA"
,Recommended,301910,20136366,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Catniss Pusheen,"Although this game is very short (~4 hours for me although I haven't cleared it 100%), it's a solid addition to the Saints Row collection. Flying around is a lot of fun but the other fundamentals are the exact same as Saints Row 4, but without main plot missions. Since it's so short, it feels as though it's a DLC for Saints Row 4. But, it's definitely worth it if you can get it for cheap ($5 or so)."
76561198084213434,Recommended,301910,30666728,Posted: 22 March,all,Nightmare,Awesome!
,Recommended,301910,14134440,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,WizardJeremy,"Spectacular Standalone expansion pack in which you can play as either Johnny Gat or Kinzie from previous games. Enter hell and fly around with Wings as well as using demonic powers such as gorgons stone blast, summoning imps and stomp. Many aspects are very similar to Saints Row IV but the game and storyline makes it so unique.This game may not be to your taste but it is insanely fun! However be advised it is a Standalone expansion so don't expect a full 40+ hour story and mission fun."
,Not Recommended,301910,20095946,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Northener,"Cheap photo copy of Saints Row 4 with a new skin. Story is too predictable, and doesn't feel exaggerated enough to fit the Saints Row franchise. The game becomes mundane, and rather than feeling excited about exploring Hell, it's like a chore as you're running/flying from place to place to get collectables.The game feels like Crackdown and Bioshock had a baby, and then that baby got dropped on its head. Not worth buying at all!"
76561198055867233,Recommended,301910,20093038,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Turbosnail,5 hours through and ive beaten the game with only 1 of the 7 deadly weapons to go. i rate 6/10
,Recommended,301910,20222587,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Johnny Takigero,"Short as hell, but I still really enjoyed it. To be honest, I prefer the story missions here over IV, mainly because the powers that this game are actually needed for the story whereas IV had powers, but most of the game had you without them which felt rather lame. Although the overworld is underwealming compared to others in the franchise I still had fun trying to find all the landmarks that hell has to show for itself. Overall, if you're a Saints Row fan I would recommend this game. Got this on sale for less than £4 and I still felt like it was worth it, albeit with it's short 5 hour campaign (Although that's just story and a bit of messing around with the game's world, not 100% ing the game)"
76561198266205506,Recommended,301910,20307708,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,lucretat,"If you are a completionist, you're in... well... Hell, but it feels like Heaven."
76561198002816405,Recommended,301910,20309875,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dante_Sparda,"This planned DLC turned solo adventure is amazing!It seemed like the inspiration for the antics during the story was snagged straight from JossWheddon.The game was almost like watching his television shows, I really enjoyed this.Gameplay is solid, the story is current Saints shenanigans and you get to play as the one andonly Johnny Gat.Gat's (and your) only goal is to punch the devil right in his face to save ""the boss""(the former you).Solid gold.Give this 10/10"
76561198108415635,Recommended,301910,21023458,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sadistic Demon,I enjoyed it more than saints row IV.
,Not Recommended,301910,21033798,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Solunaka,"This game is clearly rushed and uses a lot of properties from the previous game, Saints Row IV. It is practically a copy-paste of the previous game, but with content REMOVED, with very little added in. The loss to customize the appearance of your weapon upsets me, as well as being forced to play either Gat or Kinzie, and not your own Character. All in all I'd say it's 4/10, wouldn't reccomend."
,Recommended,301910,21063799,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,QLOPZ,10/10 would punch satan in the face again
,Not Recommended,301910,21088011,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,worst human bean,Jumped the shark/nuked the fridge. Whichever term you prefer.
,Recommended,301910,21093548,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,LieutenantRapture,Do you enjoy lots of hell puns? have you played any saints row before this? are you tired of games being too realistic? THEN BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! overall the game is really enjoyible and gets better as you progress. even after you beat the main missions you have tons of things left to do. honestly im going to complete this game 100% becuase its so good. 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,301910,21965099,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,K. V. Bones,"You play as Johnny Gat, enough said."
,Recommended,301910,21839531,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sireristof1332,You can fly 10/10
,Recommended,301910,14390013,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Jason Chemical,"This is the most fun I've had since Team Fortress 2! I feel that this game will never get old! Bad graphics, good soundtrack, amazing gameplay! I recommend getting this game. Even if another 10 Saints Row games already came out in the future, this game is great! These are genius gameplay mechanics! Freerome feels smooth and the whole game runs very smoothly. Yet the campaign is not very creative. However, I guarentee you won't get bored. Glitches are very common in this game."
,Recommended,301910,17002349,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wall Crouton,"Lots of fun, and flying was a great addition. Way better than the lame-o gliding from SRIV. A little on the short side though, but I guess that makes sense considering the price and how it's usually referred to as a stand-alone expansion.Though I did have some issues with the game crashing, especially after doing the last Torment Fraud I needed for the 100% takeover. I did it three times and it crashed every single time on the post-results loading screen. Though, I decided to do it last of all the things I needed to do on the third attempt and I still got the achievement."
,Recommended,301910,17055514,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,[D|T] palarious,"Alright, this is a standalone expansion. It isn't $40 worth of game and it doesn't charge you that. $10-20 on this is reasonable. The gameplay is fun, the flying is phenomenal, and it's definitely the zaniness of Saint's Row. Endings could have used a little work, but it's pretty great for what it is."
76561198197915175,Recommended,301910,17274906,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Komus,Tacos Malos kids meal icludes giant gun thats ammo is your supper so HAVE FUN
,Not Recommended,301910,17323278,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Comra,"Same old stuff as in saints row 4 without any of the character customization.Gameplay is boring and there is not really anything new to be honest, but if you want more of the same for a couple hours and dont care about the customization then this might be for you."
76561198160558544,Recommended,301910,17323983,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,☣Foxy☣,this is a very good game
76561198070927162,Recommended,301910,14523419,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kessler Sheldrake,this game is very fun and has a high relayability value but it is not worth $20 if you speed run it you could complete in 3 hours wait until it is on sale fon no less then $10
76561198081999903,Recommended,301910,17529852,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Coec15324,"Fly like an eagle...do da do da dododo....this game rocks 10/10Zany Saints Row experience but without your customized character, which may stink, but Gat an Kenzie are the best characters in the series anyway, so...there.Good comedy...oh, you may even call it Divine Comedy...HAThe super powers are an amazing improvement for the fourth game, and flying throught the city of New Hades is a blast.Guns are all cool, and 100%ing the game is a perfect challenge."
76561197976844304,Recommended,301910,17534102,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,G3n3ric Pwny,"The game is just as spin off doofy as the other game was, this stand alone is decently priced and is not bad for the dollar.  It has its moments when you are just like "" .... No. "" and then others when you laugh out loud. The game is deffinatly easier with Co-Op due to the fact you can run off and grab all the souls ( just like the glitch clusters in SR4)  which dulls down a bit of the long drawn out process of finding them all.And while gliding everywhere was fun in SR4, NOTHING can beat the wings....Those things looked freaking awesome. Overall, solid 8 out of 10, would play again."
76561198142080437,Not Recommended,301910,17449725,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Yan Tran,dis gam is not gud i try to kil Dex butt he no die. Dis game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,301910,17474207,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TheBigJSpoon,Although i liked it I feel it should have been a dlc for Saints row 4 than a standalone game considering the main story and activities take about 8hrs to complete.after that its just challenges.Give a go when its on offer or if you really want to be jhonny gat.
76561198036725598,Recommended,301910,16855707,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,omnias64,"If you found Saints Row 4 fun, you're going to like Gat out of Hell. It's a pretty short game that has all the same rules as the original with a new wrapper.It has some new guns... lets you know the beginning of the next Saints Row, and there's a musical... so yeah.(The game does lack some of the love Saint's Row 4 got... I didn't find myself bursting with laughter like I would while playing SR4)"
76561197960432000,Recommended,301910,16856707,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,death,"If you played the rest of th saints row series and enjoyed it, you will like this one too.  My only complaint is that it was not long enough, and I feel that way about all the really good games."
76561198180812659,Recommended,301910,16857515,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,St0myr,Less fun and shorter than SR4 (it is just a standalone) though it is still fun to play - buy it when it is on sale.Runs flawlessly on Windows 10 10130
76561198010800766,Recommended,301910,17760472,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,73%
76561198073683856,Not Recommended,301910,17205341,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Taranis,"The game is Saints Row IV with a Hell Theme but with a really short story  (it took me about 4h to finish it and i didn't even got all the powers).It fails in the story line, side missions, lack of customization and all other things I loved in Saints Row IV.Summing up, it's not worth the full price."
76561198037001575,Recommended,301910,14085462,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gammar51,"Note to Publisher. When you make a game, make sure it dosen't crash at the starting cutscene.UPDATE. fortunetly the game works unfortunetly, the game works. As i see it a new area means ripping of the doors of cars and giving them new names, no clothing stores, minigames are a domininte factor, also cant play as boss Best money i ever wasted."
,Recommended,301910,17502094,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ap0calypseT0ast,"Loved it, the commentary made by Johnny Gat and Kinzie Kensington is a joy to hear and i loved the seven deadly sin weapons particularly gallows dodger and armchair-a-geddon"
76561198073529187,Recommended,301910,17658175,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mitrr,Pretty good even though it lasted like couple of hours.The boss battle was short and easy and I didn't even have to complete most of the quests to fight it.
,Recommended,301910,29220950,Posted: 13 January,all,IamPikachu,"nice game, but in multiplayer i play with my friend and two of us want johnny so mabey you will do two boys in the multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,301910,15711857,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Zaph,"Loved the hell theme and weapons, but the game is just way too short to be a Saints Row game."
76561198073870341,Recommended,301910,28296829,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Axel The Red,"Amazing game, even if it is a spin off. I think is better than IV, causing havock in hell is really fun. Shame it is too short"
76561198167806844,Not Recommended,301910,28247580,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,walrusgames2000,"It's a cheap recreation of some of the core mechanics of Saints Row IV without the plot or much of the fun. There is one, 5 minute sequence about a third of the way through the game that is very funny but it's not worth the price of the game or playing through the game to that point. The mechanics are simplified, the story is triggerd in three bursts that arise from just doing things, the missions are no better than Saints Row IV (honestly some of the ""kill enemies in the area"" missions are worse than insurance fraud in Saints Row: The Third), and most insultingly, the final (and only) boss fight can end with four shots of a rocket launcher interspecred with a bit of dodging spawned underlings. The fact that this game is short is both a problem and a blessing becuase it allowes me to ignore it when thinking about the Saints Row franchie."
76561198035579244,Recommended,301910,28772586,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,♀SinonNekoChan♂,"As much as I love the latest Saints Row games... This one lacks the fun of the previous ones. It also feels like the game forces you to finish it in one night (Actual story takes 3 hours).Altough I can't say I didn't enjoy it. I still liked the humour of Saints Row, flying is really fun as well (Such a simple game mechanic!). As much as it lacks a lot, it wasn't that bad."
76561198330143441,Recommended,301910,28768911,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bald Frog,"Game was realy fun and gameplay too, story was good and i liked endings a lot, there was some thinks that i didn't like but thats good."
76561198108507473,Recommended,301910,28806639,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,^CTD^ Chixxy,"I picked this game up for under £3 in a sale and I'm glad I did, its a real short game, way to short to cost £10.99. However that said I really enjoyed it, it was a fun few hours, I do mean a few hours. Like 4. 3 hours to complete and 1 hour or so messing around. I still enjoyed it though and I loved the musical scene, a very intresting turn of events.It is pretty much just saints row 4, but in hell. Oh and a new map, which looks real cool, really love it. If they had made it longer and a few more things to do mission wise then i could see myself playing this for a good amount of time.7/10. 3 points due to the shortness."
76561198181025934,Recommended,301910,28732144,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Marcass,"I must admit, I do quite like the game for so far i've played itbut I can't get my boss to be importedI know he will only be in the beginning and ending cutscene for a bit but to me for some reason it's a big dealthis problem has been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and preventing me from actually fully enjoying the game. I've tried nearly everything, finish the story in SR4, creating new games, uninstalling it and reinstalling it...does someone please know how to fix this?"
,Recommended,301910,15510303,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Nomad,"This game is fun as HELL (get it?XDDDDDDDDDDD), you could spend hours flying around having a blast, abilitys are fun to use and upgrade, weapons are great, and the city is expansive and filled with fun♥♥♥♥♥♥However, its gets boring after awhile. once you finish the medium/short story♥♥♥♥ing around wil loose its charm sooner or laterbut overall great little game for it's price"
,Recommended,301910,27562605,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Truth,"More of Saints Row IV, but bit different. Still fun tho."
,Recommended,301910,27291043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rgame,very fun game but it's a little too short
76561198311861294,Recommended,301910,28744818,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,D0M|N|C R!$K,Adventure in the hell with Johnny Gat.. Neat Abilities to have some fun.. :)
,Not Recommended,301910,28935634,Posted: 2 January,all,Takito,"i'm a huge fan of the saints row collection. if you consider yourself a fan of the series and where its come, save yourself the disappointment and don't play this game"
76561197985847899,Recommended,301910,28929189,Posted: 1 January,all,birkinsmith,"Alot of complains about it being short but short and sweet is alot preferable to long and boring.If, like me, you're the sort of person who likes to find collectables, complete challanges and generally explore and see what's out there, it'll last long enough.Like Dane said, Hell's what you make of it."
,Recommended,301910,28868263,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nikandros,"I enjoyed it very much for the same reasons I enjoyed other Saints Row games. It's was shorter than Saints Row 4, but I still felt it was worth playing."
,Recommended,301910,28928209,Posted: 1 January,all,Phaden,9/10
76561197960818168,Recommended,301910,29001531,Posted: 4 January,all,Toxic,"I have to say, I do not HATE it, but it does not feel like it is worth much money. I bought it during a sale for under €5 so I got some entertainment out of it. Some funny things, and like always insane.Having said that, if you liked Saints row 4 you will get fun out of Gat our of Hell.Still.... I would not recommend it, unless you read this review all the way because you played all saints row games and it is on sale for under €5... then, yes. Buy it.The music number made me feel I got my moneys worth though, classic Saints Row."
76561198353904748,Recommended,301910,30142146,Posted: 24 February,all,Scorpion97952,"I have never played previous Saints Row games, but this amazed me. It had bad for the first... 5 minutes because you were just around husks and only had a pistol. After, it just gets amazing. Melee graphics are very good, It is like... a supernatural GTA, you can pretty do anything, like in GTA. I highly recommend it!! VERY good game."
,Recommended,301910,30143462,Posted: 24 February,all,ReadySalted,"Yes, this game is similar to Saints Row 4.However I'll give you two reasons to buy this game:- Satan Sings.- Nathan Fillion is God.Other than the fact that this game is quite short in story, I loved it.Need I say more?"
,Recommended,301910,30245418,Posted: 28 February,all,ᗪ乇卂ᗪ 丨丂 卄乇尺乇,"okey to start ther is no story so its feels more like a quist game yes ther is a kind of story but it no just go buy like saints row  2,3,4 or somting i recommend this game bicause im a realy big fan of siants row but only if you played more SR than you mabey like it"
76561239819683313,Recommended,301910,30106567,Posted: 22 February,all,Sam,Run Really Bad on my GT 730m GPU intel core i7-3632qm 2.20hz 12 gb ram
76561197967775508,Recommended,301910,25698217,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sunky da heghig | Trade.tf,I Think I Might Like This Now. 10/10
,Recommended,301910,24976640,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,og gangster,Not a saints row game but it's better than saints row IVAt least it was funny
,Recommended,301910,26040176,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,zaphodbblx,well...... all of you overly sensitive folks said they should go to hell.......
76561198210071037,Recommended,301910,30237982,Posted: 28 February,all,intence66,bad and good side to the steam versions of all saints row gamesi forgot to write a review ages ago lol but  heres the most important thingTHIS GAME WORKS and so does every saints row game on steami cant belive the price of this saints row game (£6.99)(not on sale)i once brought saints row for my xbox360 and just had issues with it... but with steam it actually worksi like the story line of all saints row and what you can do and the people and the flying the weapons  the property buying and i also quite like the music on diffrent saints rows but all in all i just really like the game in some ways its like gta but more fun in ways and better ? and you really cant go wrong specially when its now only (£6.99)(not on sale)the only bad really is that there are no new saints row games i wish there where more and the other bad thing is dont buy this on a consol ie disc  ..... only buy the games on steam becuase ive had no issues with any saints row on steam
76561198127083717,Recommended,301910,30365807,Posted: 6 March,all,nyarla,"Its a bit of a departure from the other Saints games more streamlined but its short and sweet,fun.And I felt like such a bad a** as I was fling around with wings."
,Recommended,301910,30132430,Posted: 23 February,all,Bwettfett,"It's a dumb expansion pack to SRIV more or less. If you liked the core gameplay of SRIV you'll like this. It's extremely bare-bones so don't expect much in the way of story, unlockables, etc. I finished the main story in about 4 hours, but I was never one that really grinded for completion in any of these.I mean you get to play as Johnny Gat so if you pick this up cheap, it's worth it just for based Asian gun man."
,Recommended,301910,30329539,Posted: 4 March,all,drift | CSGO500,"I would not pay $15 for this, should've been listed as a DLC for Saints Row 4, mostly because it was lacking content. It took me roughly about 3 hours to beat the game and a few more hours put into gathering collectables. It was still a fun experience nonetheless."
,Recommended,301910,30354790,Posted: 6 March,all,CYGNIUS,"Love It. Its GTA, but in the future... in hell... plus you can fly and speed run!"
,Recommended,301910,30275488,Posted: 2 March,all,Pullismann,This game sucks! It's so over the top with disney song parodies and IT HAS ♥♥♥♥ING SHAKESPEAR IN IT WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥. Saints row has always been just purely for having fun the story always sucks and CAN't unrestand how this game manages to have mostly positive reviews. Gat out of Hell suffers from a common type of cancer called lack of content. This game lasts you only a few hours (thats still more than your gf) and isn't very good at all i really think sains row should really go boots on ground (all of you cod people will unrestand this) It seems Deep silver or who ever makes thease games is running out of ideas this game offers almost nothing new except the minigun armed armchair (ITS ♥♥♥♥IGN AWESOME!) I hope in Saints row 5 god crafts a new earth and it will be more like sr 3. Still this game is actually fun when you just mess around. But wait don't click that buy button yet!!!1!! THIS GAME ISN'T WORTH 15.00€ go buy cs go with that money it will last much longer. All said if this game is in sale for like 5€ and your a fan of having fun just buy it you might regreat if when your gf asks you for a date and you don't have money to pay for her ice cream. If you buy this game because this rewiew it's your fault not mine so dont come asking me to pay you back cuz you didn't like this game.
,Not Recommended,301910,18015493,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Element,"This game takes away main missions and gives you a million side missions to do as a story. It isn't even enough content for a DLC so I don’t think theres enough here to warrant this standalone. There's zero change in mechanics from Saints Row 4, besides the wings, and they aren't that impressive of a feature.The hell city theme wasn’t very interesting or appealing to explore, the cars are ugly, and there are no garages or any type of customization stores. Gat has always been a terrible character in the Saints Row series anyway, why creators thought we would want to play as him is beyond me.Do not, under any circumstances get this game; if you don't already have it, buy Saints Row IV and it's expansion packs if you're looking for something wacky."
,Recommended,301910,30360178,Posted: 6 March,all,★ Re:Programmed™ ★ ツ,"This is basically a standalone mod of SR4, but it's so much fun to play even if it's all just side quests."
,Recommended,301910,31065370,Posted: 10 April,all,Kilroy,"This game actually wasn't even bad... just a shame and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it was considered a 'Saints Row' game.Yes, it is similar to SR4 but with a hell theme instead of 'Computer Simulation' theme in SR4.The gameplay feels very arcade like and the combat's okay.Story is an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥take and mess which makes it comedic along the way which is a plus I guess.If this game was just titled 'Gat out of Hell' it would've had a lot more better feedback, because I found the game in an arcade sense to be very fun to waste time on. Don't expect a long story although.I'd say if this goes on sale try it out, but I'm 50/50 on recommending this game, it was fun for me but depends if you like these types of games"
76561198112100079,Recommended,301910,29251662,Posted: 14 January,all,ambion,"excellent retake on the powers, quite funny, endings were lacking tho"
,Recommended,301910,29425674,Posted: 22 January,all,[VLose] twitch.tv/Kashiwardian,"I think ""what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened"" quite covers it..."
,Recommended,301910,29434193,Posted: 22 January,all,phfaustini,"Good and short game, but wait for a discount."
,Recommended,301910,29755517,Posted: 6 February,all,xZentraxGamerx,"It's Murder Time FunTime! -Prof. Genki AKA The Mad Cat in Hell. Murder Demons,Murder Husks."
,Not Recommended,301910,30130672,Posted: 23 February,all,Spencer,"ohhhh my god, where do i start? first off my frame rates tanked. hard. literally one frame per minute on lowest settings, and i gave preety good specs too.> IS a retexture of the game with diffrent story aand less features> i diddent get through most of the came due to crashes."
76561198004711546,Recommended,301910,30092675,Posted: 21 February,all,Squiggles,"Played this a long time ago and thought I'd already left a review but apparently hadn't.This game is decent. I like it taking place in hell and I'm a real fan of the notoriety system in it. Unlike the first 2 games where only specific buildings can forgive your notoriety, and the others where any building your owned could in this game once you're wanted level goes up enough to summon an archduke you basically have a boss fight which wipes all notoriety (either by you winning or dying), so it ends up feeling like you can literally raise hell until it resets from chaos. The special weapons based on 7 deadly sins is interesting. I also like the game for it's added lore, getting to see dead characters from old games and get a bit more story on them. Lastly, alot of the mechanics are similar from the 4th game so if you found those fun it's not much different here.On the other hand I'd only recommend this game on sale for it's down sides. Despite being more of the 4th game it has some parts removed. You can only play as Gat or Kinzie so no character customization at all. The game itself is much shorter than the others, and though you meet some interesting characters you don't get too much detail into them because the story isn't super long.If it's on sale and you're a fan of the 4th game you should pick it up for a bit of enjoyment."
76561198047473132,Recommended,301910,26595404,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,fuzzy4logic,"Well I have played the 4th saints row and found it charming and this one is just as equally whimsical and insaine, i love it. My complaint? the fact that I didnt even need 6 hours to beat it, it is so short. I probably could have beaten it in 2 hours easily and  then recived a refund from stream. There are about 4 main missions and that is it. Each does not take long and you dont even need to unlock all of the powers to beat the game. Granted it is a  freedom I am glad to have but the game doesnt even last long enough for me to care to.I would not buy this game for full price. If you want the Saints Row experince start elsewhere, this has the content of a slightly larger DLC. I wont mention the story so I dont ruin what little there is, But if I had to price this game I would say its worth 2USD."
,Not Recommended,301910,30125268,Posted: 23 February,all,Perilousmetal20,"Would love to tell about the gameplay/story etc. but it won't let me even start a new game. It just says the save file is corrupted. Tried reinstalling it but it still doesnt work. I don't recommend especially if you already own Saints Row 4 as I feel that's part of the issue since they take your character from one of your saved games from Saints Row 4. It must've been trying access my saved games but couldn't. I've read other people have been having this issue since the most recent update to Saints Row 4 as I guess it tampered with the save files.If you happen to be deciding between getting this or Saints Row 4, get Saints Row 4."
76561198170195857,Recommended,301910,29837388,Posted: 10 February,all,Lil' Chernobyl,this game is a good game to pass the time there is lots of stuff to do and weapons to collect it is really fun and i really like it
,Recommended,301910,29876202,Posted: 12 February,all,ヅⓂⓄⓃⒼⓄヅ,this saints row was the best saints row i ever played on and i love it not only for the grapics it is everything mission gameplay :)
,Recommended,301910,19338808,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Young Ape x,Very good for co-op
,Recommended,301910,29769450,Posted: 7 February,all,CyberSaint,"I would only recommend this game if you're a hardcore Saints Row fan like myself. Maybe best to get it on sale. It's kind of fun to play with the superpowers still around and getting to play as Johnny Gat (because we all know, everyone wants to be Johnny Gat). But the main story is pretty short and the whole game is basically sidequests (although some are pretty fun imo). While probably the weakest in the series, I wouldn't say it's too bad."
,Not Recommended,301910,29505640,Posted: 26 January,all,YouVotedTrump&AllYouGotWasAHat,"Not worth the time or the money (even on sale). Go play Saint's Row 4 again or for the first time instead.Saint's Row 4 is great - this not so much. SR4 delievers on almost every front, gameplay, music, story, voice acting etc. etc. This Gat Out of Hell stand alone DLC is a convoluted mess by comparison. First and most importantly there is no radio (as in SR4). The background score simply doesn't cut it by comparision. Not having a great soundtrack to zip around an open world with, really diminished the atmosphere and gameplay. The story is another huge detractor from the game as it's all expositional, told in storybook form, with little humor that lands compared to SR4 and voicework from Jay Moore that feels mailed in and wooeden most of the time. It's also quite annoying that the ques that trigger cutscenes many times seem to come out of nowhere, making the story feel disjointed, working against any notion of a well structured, well plotted narrative. The gameplay itself is all recycled from SR4 which to a large extent is fine but without the killer soundtrack, character customization, deeper quests, better story, and so on, the gameplay here feels hollow and perfunctory. If you haven't played a Saint's game start with 4 and skip this 'hell.'"
76561198074260323,Recommended,301910,29279231,Posted: 15 January,all,EviL ZonE,i'm still wondering if the best part was when i got to shoot satan in the face or kick his♥♥♥♥♥ can't decide because both are awesome
,Recommended,301910,31289184,Posted: 21 April,all,raven,"I was under the impression that this was going to be barely more than DLC, but that was totally not the case, this was a full game, new powers, new map, new story, funny cutscenes. Maybe not *quite* as big as Saints Row 4, but I wouldn't have been too upset at all if I'd been sold this as ""Saints Row 5"". Very pleasantly surprised having got it on sale."
,Recommended,301910,31296226,Posted: 22 April,all,Gozeera,"I've played this game for about 3 hours (might be longer when you are reading this) and you have to bear in mind that it is just an expansion on SR4, but this is the most fun I have had in ages, I recommend this to anyone who likes going around shooting demons in the face and stabbing them repeatedly.The campaign may be short, the side missions aren't all bad, In 3 hours I've managed to complete around 85% percent of the story, so if you are going to buy the game, pick it up in a sale."
,Not Recommended,301910,31350504,Posted: 24 April,all,Spooky Black,"Feels like a minigame rather than an actual game. Also some levels have pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics that make the game not fun. As a fan of the series, owning every other saints row, I'm very dissapointed in this release."
,Recommended,301910,31548600,Posted: 4 May,all,MrJackdaw,"Short, fun episode. If you enjoy Saint's Row - this is a no brainer if on sale."
76561198072785218,Not Recommended,301910,31283429,Posted: 21 April,all,Eagle2552,Bad
,Not Recommended,301910,31354507,Posted: 25 April,all,Mr_Non_Member,"I played and completed the previous Saints Row games, but im disappointed that i can't even play this one by myself.i could only play in co-op if the other player started (they were from a different country to me), even though i was connected, we could not do some mission without disconnect on my end.Other than that it played similar to Saints Row 4, which i played without major problems like this has so my advise would be play Saints Row 3 or 4 instead of this.P.S. I tried every thing from uninstalling, verifing files and editing the ""display.int"" file, (set the  graphic to low as well) just to play it and couldn't. If it's fixed, i might change my ""recommendation""."
,Recommended,301910,31368718,Posted: 25 April,all,candyboy,"http://www.esrb.org/ratings/Synopsis.aspx?Certificate=10013624&Title=Saints+Row%3A+Gat+Out+Of+Hell,barely 12+you can see more gore and violence in the real world too rate life ao 21+"
,Recommended,301910,32309256,Posted: 9 June,all,DoFoooD,10/10
,Recommended,301910,27814338,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vilzujunior11,Good Game
76561198044717385,Not Recommended,301910,31594322,Posted: 6 May,all,Everybody,"Laughably easy, didn't even get 50% overall completion, barely did any main quests but because i flew around and killed a bunch of demons it let me finish the ""game"" very soon after starting it."
76561198148960285,Recommended,301910,31900766,Posted: 22 May,all,Wraalstad,Kinda fun. A bit boring at times. It's okay. Not remarkable.  Not a masterpiece. Not a dumpster fire.
,Recommended,301910,16119943,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,creation club creator,it's a nice game but I don't think it's worth more than $5.
,Recommended,301910,31929523,Posted: 23 May,all,generallyinappropriate,"I am a huge fan of SR3 and SR4 and I enjoyed this as well. It's no SR3 or 4, but it's still good and worth the money if you pick it up on sale. The seven deadly weapons are all pretty great. Greed and sloth are probably my favorites.This game lacks the character customizations of other SR games, since you play as either Johnny Gat or Kinzie (you can switch any time at will) and there are no stores, just vending machines scattered around, Borderlands style. These two shortcomings can be corrected with mods that are available on the web. I didn't bother.Other than that, it's pretty much SR4 reskinned with a new, smaller map. The activities are pretty much the same (mayhem, insurance fraud, blazin, etc.) ""Data clusters"" are replaced by ""soul clusters"" and all the super powers you know and love are still there. I actually prefer the flying mechanic in Gat Out of Hell over SR4's gliding. It takes a little getting used to, but it's a lot of fun once you get the hang of it.The story is pretty funny at times, and there are some pretty great cut scenes in there. I finished in about 8 or 9 hours and played a while longer finding all the collectibles and getting some of the weapon achievements."
,Recommended,301910,18805103,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ney,kill dex
,Recommended,301910,31952511,Posted: 25 May,all,Dark Poet ®,"Um...yeah....you can fly...in Hell hahahahahaha.....yep I love this game. This is a stand alone expansion to Saints Row IV. All I will say is...I hope they do a Saints Row V and take it up another notch. Though following up this installment will be difficult. The ONLY thing I do not like about this game was how short it is. Maybe this should have been Saints Row V and made larger with more things to do and more content and more hours of gameplay? I do enjoy the premise behind this game and I love the superpowers used here. I do recommend this game but don't expect to play forever....some villians are hard to kill but once you have all the powers unlocked it gets much easier. I guess I just want more playtime as this game was done quick once you get into it. Don't forget to grab all the souls you can as you need them to power up your abilities!! And another thing I liked, The Seven Deadly Weapons, each one based on the Seven Deadly Sins. So get out there and get your sin on!!!!! Maybe they will add some DLC? Who knows. I do agree with others about lack of character customization as you play as Gat or Kinzie and you can switch between them."
,Not Recommended,301910,31533436,Posted: 3 May,all,Bumbo-Shpee,"It's safe to say that Gat out of Hell is easily the weakest of the Saints Row franchise. Now, to be completely fair: the game isn't a total waste of money. Some of the weapons are pretty creative, such as the seven deadly sins' weapons, a stake-launching shotgun, or a submachine gun that shoots locusts. The ability to fly around using wings is pretty fun, and the super powers mechanic from Saints Row IV returns, only with a ""dark magic"" twist. The city of New Hades is pretty cool, and you can finally live out the dream of playing as Gat or Kinzie. Sadly, there's no way to really customize them, which takes away from what makes this series so great. Aside from that, the game is very short, and can easily be beaten within a few hours. There are some extra collectibles and challenges to do, and they can provide some extra replayability, but only a few hours worth.In conclusion, Gat out of Hell isn't terrible. There are some merits to be had; the typical Saints Row humor is there, and I personally enjoyed the few hours of gameplay it provided. On the other hand, the game is hard to recommend since it's so short. Due to this, I'd suggest only getting Gat out of Hell when it goes on sale, or buying it in the Ultimate Franchise Pack so you'll get more for your money."
76561197970728391,Recommended,301910,32166265,Posted: 3 June,all,Old Man 678,"Fun game that I reccommend at the right price. Not as good nor as funny as Saints Row 4, but still good.Game starts off by celebrating Kinzie's birthday, and during a game of Ouija, a portal opens and sucks The Boss into Hell. The recently saved Johnny Gat and hacker Kinzie head on in to save The Boss from being forced to marry the Devil's daughter. You end up in what is called New Hades where you go to Ultor Corp and meet Dane, who wants to help you take down The Devil. Upon teaching you Angelic flight, which I am not a fan of, he gives the location of 4 others (Blackbeard, The Twins, Shakespere, and Vlad The Impaler) that can help you. Of course you need to free their locations of the Devil's minions at which point you learn a super power.Like SR4, not super challenging, but plenty of stuff to do. I think this game had alot of potential and could have been a full game, but some stuff got dummied down. The flying part was rough, though with practice, I got better, but still not a fan of it. And you have to learn it or you can't help the locations get free.Not to mention that I was only 41% done with the game when I beat the Devil. So didn't make sense why you had to help anybody when all you had to do was♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Devil and the final fight was available. But there was alot interesting things to do, treasure to find, excellent structures to see, and creatures to kill. But I still helped everyone out and the more story opened up which was pretty cool, except when you frred all of them and told about another group trying to take over and how you stopped them, but you didn't get to play that part which I thought was wierd.A total of 5 endings is available after you beat the Devil. You make a choice and you get a short and semi-funny ending. Still a fun game, but this could have been awesome. Oh well. Maybe next time."
,Recommended,301910,14575935,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SmoggyLamb49,"BUG!Some people have reported that their boss characters from Saints Row IV aren't importing after that game just recently got the Steam Workshop patch. Not sure if this has something to do with file format compatibility problems or whether the latter game needs to be completed from start to finish, but it's still being looked at.Original reviewGat out of Hellis an all-new adventure in the Saints Row franchise that takes you out ""from the Simulation, to space, and then straight to Hell"".  Spanning a new open world that's half the size of Steelport, boasting blasphemy and sinful images on your screen in glorious HD.  While players may not needSaints Row IV, players who have played beforehand will be able to replace the default Boss with one from the most-recent save.  Though I'm not so sure about Jezebel marrying a female President of the United States.  The game doesn't take into account gender selection from the other game.While you play as Gat or Kinzie during the main story, it lacks linearity, something that SRIV had.  I had a portion of Hell to take over and that much game completed when I took on Satan the first time.  Normally you should focus on a section of New Hades before going onto the next.I only had 2 deaths in this game, and one of them, an obviously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t one, was when a Legionnaire goomba-stomped the Comet I was carjacking.There's been a lot of skepticism when the game came out, but most of you who pre-ordered got something extra along with it.Speaking of which, I wish the physics can be improved upon, especially in Torment Fraud.  I hit some cars, and then I hit the road.Not saying I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but for those who want to fist the Devil in the face, this game is legendary in its own right.  Of course, there isn't any DLC for it now, but later on some might be added."
,Recommended,301910,32398897,Posted: 13 June,all,Hot Shot,"A nice, short, continue to the world of the SAINTS.Even though it is getting boring and repetitive rather quick, it is recommended for fans who'd love another short story of the series.Wouldn't recommend on getting it full price, but if you buy the ultimate franchise, it definitely worth it."
76561198348370783,Recommended,301910,32389475,Posted: 13 June,all,Nubianic-One,"I unexpectedly loved the game, unexpected because I usually look forward to listening to the music in Saints Row, lol, I felt like I was literally in hell without the music =D . I found the flying missions annoying, but I enjoyed everything else. Great game for Saints Row fanatics!!!"
,Recommended,301910,33826288,Posted: 27 July,all,Vaharrak,Short standalone game in the SR saga.Think a small expansion to SR4's super power craze.You can finish it quickly or take your time with the 1000+ collectibles.
,Recommended,301910,31339866,Posted: 24 April,all,TitanCircuit,"It's your typical over-the-top Saints Row game but in hell. Fast-paced and enjoyable combat with hilarious weapons including an armchair with two miniguns or a shotgun that sexually attracts demons of all sorts. With your ability to run as fast as lightning and your attached wings you are able to traverse effortlessly around the map. Both abilities, as well as many others, can be significantly upgraded by collecting orbs placed within the world (there areA LOT). So cars are optional and it makes traveling from point A to point B actually enjoyable. It's based on a quest system like many RPG's and that can become quite addictive.The main quest is too kill Satan which can be achieved pretty fast. The rest are side quests which you can use to level up your character, give in to your OCD or simply have fun. I played this on the PS4 and didn't stop until I got the platinum trophy. Such a trophy doesn't exist for Steam but I will definitely get all the achievements since they are fun, balanced and relatively easy to obtain.PS: If you are going for 100% completion / achievements I strongly advice to buy and fully upgrade the ""Diamond Sting"" SMG as soon as possible (it drops money for killing enemies). Also get the upgrade that makes pedestrians drop money."
76561198278973497,Recommended,301910,33881400,Posted: 29 July,all,BOOL'N,fun as hell
,Recommended,301910,33903807,Posted: 30 July,all,Lyserberg,"Grab it during a sale if you can. Play it until the very end, then props up an ""ending"" window, where you can effectively put back the timeline of Saints Row pre-craziness. Which for all intents and purposes is a great way to end the saga. If it had to go away, at least give it that proper ending. Which Volition fortunately did."
,Recommended,301910,35089359,Posted: 20 September,all,julikaiba,"First of I really love this game.It feels way better than Saints Row 4 and is way more fun in my opinion. For example I sometimes just flew around because it feels that good.I liked the story and the characters too.On the other side it is really really short, and if you do all the other things before the final fight is like a pice of cake to finish.All in all i would really recommend to try this game out, but maybe buy it when it is on sale because its probably too short for it's price."
76561198101068803,Recommended,301910,34299456,Posted: 16 August,all,Jacket,"I bought this game with the idea of playing a saints row game with a supernatural element. Little did I know that not only do I get to fly around hell, but I got to watch Satan do a musical number.10/10 Would go to hell for Satan musical again.Serious note. Game is quite a lot of fun but it is very short, I spent over 20 hours for the 20-20 achievement but probably finished the game with all the challenges and collectables under 12 hours. Really worth the buy if you enjoy something with a supernatural twist and open world exploring."
76561198082346768,Not Recommended,301910,21394372,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Pacrahna,"Saints Row: Gat Outta Hell, a decent game, but it has more cons than pros, im just going to sum up the game with a few facts, 1. you must be willing to waste your time to get the 7 deadly weapons 2. most things that get your oney are the activities and such, not really missions, because the missions ask you to do loads of activities 3. you cant customize anything, except upgrade your guns. 4.it becomes quite tedious and a bit boring eventually. 5. the game is VERY short, i finished 2 playthroughs of the game in about 18 hours, and the second playthrough i was getting the seven deadly weapons, which was very annoying...... well that sums up about all of the game's cons, so if you like stuff like repeatedly killing the same enemies and doing activities and playing through the game multiple times, get the game, if not, dont get it"
76561198055300822,Recommended,301910,34365734,Posted: 19 August,all,gpserran8,"I´m getting a bug so far. Even if I plug the headphones in the front USB ports, I still get sound out of the speakers (which is bad when you play at night). Only thing that seemed to solve this was to plug the headphone in the rear USB port. But it is a hassle to unplug that jack when I want to hear music from the speakers (because, being in the rear, it is hard to reach). This already took some of the fun out of playing so far. Anyone with the same problem? Any suggestions? Thanks."
,Not Recommended,301910,34402704,Posted: 21 August,all,Danii.Webber,"Definitely not on par with the other saints row games. took me 5 hours to complete, spent god knows how long on the final mission for an ending (or 5) that were really not worth the time.This should have just been a DLC for saints row IV, i'm glad I didn't pay full price for this game!"
,Not Recommended,301910,34405036,Posted: 21 August,all,☢.MG.☢,"very weak gameplay, no music, no story, it could well be a dlc for SR4 (not SR3 as it was awesome and this is really weak)"
,Recommended,301910,34234435,Posted: 14 August,all,TWAKE,"Saints Row: Gat out of Hell seems more like a DLC for Saints Row IV. The story it's too short, but nice, the gameplay it's ok and the new powers look really nice."
,Not Recommended,301910,34261374,Posted: 15 August,all,StarlakeBoat,Save file corrupted bla bla bla has been going for over a year I guess(?) but no patch or fix from the dev.
,Not Recommended,301910,34228071,Posted: 13 August,all,Hentai,"As of this moment, SRIV imports are broken. I wanted to play it through before AoM dropped but I don't wanna play without my boss. I hear that this problem has persisted since workshop content for SRIV came out, and it's been a LONG time since then so I can't say I see this being fixed.Addendum: You can't play at all if you've ever played SRIV unless you want to jump through hoops by deleting your cloud save data yada yada"
76561198288608198,Recommended,301910,34609889,Posted: 30 August,all,Driggsy,So the game its pretty great but you cant start a new game because issues with the forth. you'd have to delete all the data for the forth before you could play.Just keep that in mind and maybe always keep a save from the start handy.
,Recommended,301910,26061324,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"Best angel simulator of 2015. The flight feels perfect, the only drawback is that the map is tiny."
,Recommended,301910,24320542,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Salty JaCk,"Overall: 7/10I'm mixed on this game; I don't particurily like the storyline, yet the gameplay is great.Pros:Flying: If you like Batman Gothman City gliding, then you'll love this even more.Side Missions: Insurance fraud, Flying, Survival, etc, etc.Lazy Chair with minigun: Nothing more to add here.Environment: It's fairly open and vast (considering that it's a reskin of SR4)Meh:The game itself is Saint's Row Cheezy humor and over the top missions.Storyline is ok (factoring that this is a ""Saint's Row"" Title)Cons:Environment: There is not a lot of environment interaction as you're pretty outside 99% of the time, and you can't go into most buildings.  Don't get me wrong here, I love the fact that I can ""jump"" on a piece of paper unlike other titles (:cough:... Max Payne 3, :cough:... Tombraider), but you can't destroy it.  I guess I'm being picky."
76561197994056558,Recommended,301910,20859683,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,M M,Kids who vote on reviews make no frickin sense lmao wtf :D
,Recommended,301910,14123359,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Insania,"I love Johnny Gat & Kinzie Kensington cool combo for the game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Best Hell game there ever be 10/10Even so , the game doesnt have good missions but a bunch of side questswe need more saints games if you a fan you gonna love this :)"
,Recommended,301910,35478315,Posted: 4 October,all,Icetex,So now this gameIt's short differentlyBut unlike sr4 this game has some replay ability20+ kinda proves thisBut like sr4 this game is a grind powers wise anywayGold activities were hard for me but not too muchAlthough only downside i did have some hard crash's that i lost some progressPossibly glitched forge 100% completion challengeSo i give this 8/10
76561198107557277,Recommended,301910,35446130,Posted: 3 October,all,renestyle,"Net the best Saint Row, but still really funny"
76561198088747078,Recommended,301910,35505209,Posted: 5 October,all,OutsideTheNormalMoralConstraints,"Game doesn't do a lot of the things I expect from a Saints Row game, but what it does do it does extremely well."
