user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,301920,22439372,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Plutia,"If u want buy this game, i recommend you play War of the Human Tanks before, since this one is the 2nd game from their serie. So to understand better the story, play War of the Human Tanks first. In this game have more tankfus models and the story is very funny as well."
,Recommended,301920,14454365,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SilentCaay,"The sequel to the fantastic War of the Human Tanks. This is a Japanese-style turn-based strategy so think Advance Wars or Disgaea. It also has long Visual Novel-style cutscenes between each mission like Disgaea. Some people seem to call it a real-time strategy but it's more of an active time turn-based. When a unit's turn comes up you can either take your turn or wait and other units will ready up in the meantime. It's certainly not real-time, in any case.Each mission consists of 3 parts: the cutscene/story, unit management/deployment and then the sortie/engagement. Units come in a few classes: Command, Assault, Recon, Shock, Artillery, Intercept and a couple surprises. Each class has a research line so you can produce better tanks as you play. There are also modules you can research, build and attach to tanks to augment their abilities.  Tanks can end up ridiculously powerful if you invest the time to upgrade them. It's a rather fun system.I haven't gotten very far in Alter yet so I'll have to edit this review if anything comes up but I simply couldn't get enough of WotHT1 so more of the same would be perfectly welcome, IMO. There aren't enough Advance Wars-like games on PC so if that's your type of game, this is a must-buy.Note: The game is locked at 800x600 and when switching to fullscreen your monitor may stretch the window in an ugly fashion. Check the forums for a fix that will allow the game to maintain it's aspect ratio when in fullscreen."
,Recommended,301920,15246378,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nanami,"First and foremost, War of the Human Tanks - ALTeR is a must-buy for those who liked the first game and a must-avoid for those who didn't. While ALTeR improves on a lot of things from the first game, the core gameplay is absolutely identical.Story-wise, ALTeR uses the same visual novel presentation as the first game. The player progresses along a linear set of campaign missions, and instead of multiple routes, there's a completely optional (and incredibly long!) side dungeon. This dungeon is where you'll find the vast majority of the game's content, so unless you're keen on achievement hunting and interested in the backstory of the series, you won't get all that much playtime out of this game, even compared to the first.If you played the first without completing every route, I recommend reading up on the summaries of the ones you missed. There's a lot of stuff pulled from there that isn't explained at all in this game.Gameplay wise, the combat is the same at its core, just with new units added on to flesh it out more. I personally didn't have any trouble with the difficulty until the last dozen or so floors of the extra dungeon (55ish hours out of the 60 shown), and I'm not at all an expert here, so the difficulty is perfectly managable. Just make sure you save before every battle, and don't be afraid to reload constantly - this is a puzzle game, not an RTS.Music is more of the same - generally very good, a few absolutely odd tracks here and there, one or two that are headache-inducing (including one of the OPs, unfortunately).All in all, a good addition the series. Absolutely recommend that newcomers play the first game before considering this one, and that all who enjoy it consider buying this game as well."
76561198055323794,Recommended,301920,17436439,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Dunkan85,"This game... this goddarn game.I'm not exactly sure where to start, so first off: this game is absolutely fantastic! I haven't played EVERYTHING yet (still need to get Glitch-Heshiko and play the 2 or 3 optional Floor 90+ Battles), but still. The combination of Visual Novel and (Semi-)turn based Strategy game is beautiful and really well balanced, most if not almost all the tanks have their use and encourage players to figure out their favorite strategies and the Modules and combination of them just add to the fun (I still have fun giving my Peko-Peko a Tank Life ensurance and just making her explode, achieving absolutely nothing... I'm an Idiot.).While the main story isn't as long and multi-pathed as the first one, this is made up by the addition of the Great Caverns, a 'Side' Story, which is actually about 7-8 times as long as the main one, going up(or rather, down) to floor 101. In said Caverns, you encounter many new enemies, unlock new Tanks and modules and have a HUGE story unfold in front of you. Be warned though, the difficulty of the very last battle in the main story increases based on how many Tanks you have destroyed up until that point, meaning you should play through it at least once or twice before taking on the Caverns.Speaking about the Story... oh man. War of the Human Tanks - ALTeR has managed to make me laugh, think (strategically and emotionally, If that makes any sense) and never felt boring (unless you get stuck on one fight because you're a total idiot, like a certain WotHT reviewer...) most of the important characters from the first game show up in this one aswell, though only few of them in the Visual Novel part. The new characters SOMEWHAT feel like Daihon'ei and Company, but have their own little traits that make them special.Now, obviously, this game isn't perfect (though In my opinion, it's fairly close)... some of the tanks you acquire later in the game feel somewhat overpowered, especially the AoE-Sniper (no name because... Spoilers) you get at one point, which kind of take the use out of the previous Models... ""but didn't you say that *almost* all of the tanks have their use??"" Yes, that's right, crazy voice in my head, I DID say that... that's because even IF the later models overpower the early ones but such an amount, the draw back is, that you get them - as said before - rather late into the game, so before that you have a looong time where your own tanks are state of the art and you keep on using them and switching them up for every battle.I also said that Modules add a little spice to the game, didn't I?? Well... I lied about the 'little' part, they actually provide HUGE buffs, and to counter that, nearly every battle after roughly the halfway mark of the Caverns will have a Control tank in it, which disables those modules and makes them unusable for that fight, which at some point gets rather aggravating.Lastly, one flaw that isn't exactly the game's fault, but I still feel like it should be adressed: there are SOME enemies that you'll learn to absolutely hate. SOME enemies just feel completely unfair (though they're not really) and make you want to puke everytime you find out you'll fight them in your next battle... SOME cats--- whoops, meant to say enemies just feel like they have too much mobilty for their firepower...However, this is definitely one of my favorite games of all time and I would recommend it to anyone who likes round-based strategy games and/or Visual Novels."
76561198055067585,Recommended,301920,19944892,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Steven Wargames,"Pro's-if you played the frist game, you dont need relearn how to play-Very simple controls-Lot's of levels-If you love a game with a lot electronic based music, you will love the music in this game-if you love cute anime, you will most likely enjoy the art in the game-lots of backstory-at times funny-CATSCon's-if you have not been exposed to Japanese culture much, there will be thing's that you dont understand-there will be levels that ♥♥♥♥ you off-some units late game have no use-very short main story-kind of remove the branching path main story system-DA CATSOverall a very good game. The main story will probably take you 6 to 10 hours to beat. The Side Story took me around 60 hours to beat but i kind of suck at strategy, so you time may vary and probably 5-10 hours of side battles that are 95% optional. The game is worth the money in my opinion.P.S. i also recommend you buy this game in its the soundtrack bundle"
,Recommended,301920,14476142,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Wise Wolf,"A game where ishidaki is pleasure (in more than a few ways) *cough* M *cough*. Helmaniac is supposedly a thing too.In a slightly serious manner, I have to say that I've always been fascinated with science fictions in the regards of the relationships between humans and androids. It brings up questions such as, ""What makes a human, human? Are we so negative about the idea at times because its intelligence level hits too close to home? Here in this game, we explore along with Alter that human tanks are not mere tools, and that the will to protect each other goes both ways. A simple story regarding how ""humans"" would come to treasure others.Perhaps an improvement from its predecessor with more units, slapstick, and more straight-man comedy from our little Elle (Satou did a good job too). Again with another lazy protagonist, Alter, where she has quite the bit of monologue where she is read like a book. This time differently, in our beloved Royal army, we get to wreck not only the Imperial army, but also Royal human tanks and the strangest inventions by the nomadic-minded Imperial generals. If not enough, we managed to get Rara, a sister tank that has more than a few screws loose and learning how these tanks manage to survive... by being blasted off (Chiyoko's inventions = best). Getting much more unique scenarios such as having reinforcements, and Rambo missions to help make our battles more interesting while also a refeshing way for the world to expand itself.The enemy being able to use modules does make it interesting too, also with more counter units for each tank out there. Being worth its every penny, it is quite the enjoyable one. Two complainants though, wish the cards were worth more and that my subordinate officers have better tanks than I do in the first run! Give me a L7 please.And one final note,All hail our Royal Queen, Kurara!~"
,Recommended,301920,14589272,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Moffle Pendragon,>More cute tanks>More facepalm>More fetish>.>.>.> wait.. enemy tanks are cute too!!
,Recommended,301920,32871834,Posted: 27 June,all,joe01489,"War of the Human Tanks - ALTeR is the sequel to War of the Human Tanks, and the games should be played in order. If you enjoyed the first one, definitely get ALTeR. ALTeR continues the story of the War of the Human Tanks world by following the campaign of a new character, Alter. Some characters from the first game make short appearances throughout ALTeR.A ""side"" campaign takes place in the Great Cavern, which is about 100 floors. This is actually where most of the story happens, so don't be surprised by the noticeably short ""main"" campaign. It's clever that Fruitbat decided to incorporate the main storyline as the ""side"" story in the form of the long Great Cavern campaign, because it allows the first game's story to connect more smoothly to this one. The two campaigns in ALTeR are largely independent plot lines, so you're on your own with questions you have after Operation Kisaragi (main campaign).Comparison with the first game: ALTeR is much longer because of the lengthy Great Cavern campaign. Also, the story in the first game develops more linearly while ALTeR develops more quickly later in the Great Cavern. Also, the music in ALTeR is more... innovative, perhaps. The wit, humor, and touching moments are also in ALTeR. Overall, the first game has a more riveting story; ALTeR has more stuff for you to do and discover.There is a lot of great content in ALTeR; get it if you liked the original War of the Human Tanks.P.S. If you earned the ""Special Save Data"" from the first game, you have to import it to ALTeR BEFORE starting a new game to earn the bonus unit."
76561198019048563,Recommended,301920,20160896,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Unyaa,"The artwork is still cheap, but that's okay. I think the artist must be one of those that are better at drawing females for some reasonOverall, I recommend it as a budget game. You play Alter, the cousin to the acting Queen. There's something interesting about her face, and hearing Alter-Sama from the characters. It's determined, but somehow has a neutral expression by default.Alter doesn't seem as smart as Shoutaro Daihon'ei, yet she's somewhat less lazy. The game is a continuation of a particular ending, so playing the first game and getting all of the endings would be a good idea.The caverns are the Blue, Black, and White DLC."
,Recommended,301920,19758422,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Ted Stevens,"Really great follow up to the first game. If you want more of what kept you playing the first game look no further. The dodge mechanic now has a nice counter in the form of sniper tanks, but in return we have the very annoying command tanks which disable all your hard earned modules.Overall though, the game is great, the story is just as strange yet captivating as the first game and the new gameplay elements give you more tanks and mechanics to play with."
,Recommended,301920,14567767,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Segawa Onpu,"A very addicting game that feels gratifying to play through. Also one of few steam games I actually played through to the end. Good soundtrack too. Overall, an awesome game."
,Recommended,301920,18068013,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,kalohepirate,"I bought this game for my son's 14th birthday.  He won't stop talking about it so I guess its a good game.  In fact, he is always playing it when ever he can, nothing else.  So now I can't get on to play any of my games.  #FML"
,Recommended,301920,14567247,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,fuzzfas,"In short: It's much like the first game, but with more tanks, more modules, and more levels.I would say the two biggest changes to gameplay are the inclusion of control tanks and tanks with perfect accuracy. Control tanks are tanks that, at the very start of the battle, disable the opponent tanks' add-on (blue) modules. This means that you can no longer rely on overpowered modules to get you through every battle. Perfect accuracy ignores evasion entirely, which means you are no longer completely at the mercy of RNG gods when attacking units with evasion. Unfortunately, units that ignore evasion are mostly snipers with limited attack area. You will still get to see your enemies dodging artillery fire, just like in the bad old days.The structure of the main story is a lot simpler than in the previous game. Instead of branching into multiple routes leading to different endings, here you will only get a few alternative missions. The final level also changes somewhat depending on your performance as far as gameplay is concerned, but the ending is the same no matter which final level you choose to play.The main cast is mostly new. The player takes the role of Alter, who - unlike Daihonei Shoutarou - has her own sprite that appears in the ADV scenes along with the other characters. Ruru will be taking Heshiko's place as the wacky Human Tank companion, while Elle inherits Heshiko's cuteness and Choko's tinkering skillz. Finally we have Megumi, whom you may remember from the first game. Overall it has the same light-hearted approach to war as the first game, with some gloomier moments here and there. The story felt bit more personal this time around, while biggest flaw I found was the lack of interesting antagonists.But while the main story is weaker than in the first game, the bulk of the game actually takes place outside of the main story, within the caverns of Mt Fuji. These caverns are massive at over 90 levels in total, and feature new characters, new tanks to fight and unlock, and story regarding these new characters as well as the nature of Human Tanks. The caverns will take around 20-30 hours to complete."
76561198009107317,Recommended,301920,17614421,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,bushidoanime,"You played and liked the first one? Buy it!Haven't played the first one? An awesome little gem of a game, don't let the simple graphics fool you. This is a smooth strategy game with great humour, awesome extras and cool characters and story-line.Completed the first one and loved it. 4 chapters into the ALTeR expansion and loving it and can't wait to finish it"
,Recommended,301920,15546647,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Human Tank,"Welp, this certainly was a pleasent surprise. who would have thought that having a cute army of tank girls would be so interesting. The music is also interesting and I never tire of the battle/death cries of my, and my enemies, troops.In the story there are acouple minutes of dialouge then a skirmish. For the battles, you must deploy a tank that acts like a king in chess, if she dies you lose (you can even have multiple). then you can make other units (if it is within the maps unit cap) like artillary (slow but long/wide range) shock tanks (fast/cheap/suicide explosion), assault tanks (medium speed, medium attack range) and much more. There is a fog of war, so you must proceed with care to find the enemy through scouting and prediction based on where you see them fire. You must build and upgrade your units by using supplies from winning or losing battles, so you may have to grind in the caverns or in free battles if you cannot preserve your troops.The real meat of the game for me is the caverns. at first it seems like meaningless battle to make grinding more tolerable, but is actually much more. There are more interesting tanks to unlock the deeper you go (though there are some that do not have battle/death cries), and I dare say the story is more interesting. Also  this is one of the few games where I feel like getting all the achievements.I've played the game for over 50 hours and I have not reached the end (of the caverns), but I have enjoyed the time I played it. I can say with no doubt that if you like simple strategy games and the anime look of the characters, you will probably not regret checking it out. plus I think there is a demo for the prequel, so you can check that out....also them eyes..."
76561198169930559,Recommended,301920,18723086,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,perezdediosg,It's a Great Fun little game to play when you are looking for a challenge.
,Recommended,301920,20765717,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,"Wymar ""Why me?"" Sane",Warning: contains lethal amounts of cats and worse.
76561198115130752,Recommended,301920,14726746,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,赤いカチューシャ,"It's a hell of a lot of gameplay for the price given.If you played the first game, it's more of the same base game with even more interesting options to play with. Command Tanks with evasion, tanks that bypass evasion entirely, and tanks which shut down  modules that aren't built in. You can get every tank you had in the first game (including Heshiko) and more, and even upgraded versions of the Daihonei special force tanks.The most major changes to the gameplay are easily the command tanks (which disable modules) meaning you can't be utterly invincible with ridiculous modules all the time as in the first game, and mid-battle saves being disabled for most stages (presumably due to how easy it was to savescum in the original). For the most part, these are rather positive changes that, while they increase the game difficulty, can be overcome by a competent commander that fields his units well, or even just memorising unit positions and planning accordingly. Koharu, which later got outclassed in the first game by Infinite Sight modules, is easily the most powerful vehicle in the game for what it affords you, and there is an improved one available at the end of the game.There's a fair number of extras, including a sound mode (which actually includes tracks not in the Sound of the Human Tanks OST) and a theatre mode that lets you view every movie sequence in both this and the first game (including all the op/ed versions). Shame there's no CG viewer.The story is pretty much a direct continuation of the first game, with both east and north routes having happened. It's also shorter, at only 10 battles and no detours. It's largely recommended to rush through your first playthrough due to how the final boss of the main campaign works, which then unlocks the bulk of the game - the Fuji Caverns covered by the Blue/Black/White DLC. As it says, it builds up the history of the world in interesting ways, and gives you more insight on the tanks themselves and snippets of Daihonei in his prime over 90-odd extra levels, and helps understand why the war is fought the way it is.The quality of translation and English in general remains pretty good, though there's a few minor questionable ones at the end of the Caverns (about 4 or 5 at the late levels. Total.) but nothing particularly major, and you can understand what's being said anyway.If you liked the first game, there is pretty much no reason to not own this. If you havn't tried, well, it's certainly worth looking into, and the demo covers a fair bit of the base gameplay. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,301920,14568652,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,?DUCK?,"While gameplay remains essentially the same as in the first game, a lot has been added and improved upon. There's a fair few new tank types, one which has the startling feature of disabling modules, making just having an individual unit with infinite attack area often less viable, and the 3 DLC making up the Great Cavern has a bunch of varied scenarios for fighting. Gameplay is tense, music is good, story is mostly fun, yet disturbingly dark at times. If you haven't played the first i suggest getting them both, if you played and enjoyed the first one, then you NEED ALTeR."
76561198041843338,Recommended,301920,15782353,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Histoire,It's like weird Battleship.
76561197995186721,Recommended,301920,14566705,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Czarbob,"Review Summary: 4.5/5 A charming Japanese indie game that meshes ""Battleship"" style pseudo-turn based gameplay and a Visual Novel story. I strongly recommend it.War of the Human Tanks: ALTeR tells the story of Alter Matsuyukishiro as she fights to eliminate a traitor to the Royal Army, in the midst of their war with the Empire of Japon. This war is being fought with semi-intelligent weapons known as human tanks. If you've played the previous game in the series, War of the Human Tanks, you know about what to expect, as this game has the same charm and quality along with a bit more length.For those not familiar with the original, this game combines a visual-novel type story (text on static backgrounds with character portraits, as in the preview images) along with gameplay strongly reminiscent of the classic board game ""Battleship"". Playing the original War of the Human Tanks isn't strictly necessary to understand this game, though it does provide more context; all you really need to know is that the Empire of Japon and Kingdom of Japon have been fighting an extremely long war throughout Japon and, 20 years ago, developed human tanks to replace actual human soldiers in the war. There are two campaigns in the game, the ""main"" campaign, and the Great Cavern of Fuji, the latter of which is longer, more serious, and has much more depth to it (both in terms of tactics and in terms of character development).The gameplay occurs on a square grid on which you deploy your human tanks, and seek to destroy the enemy command tanks located in the fog of war. While technically real-time, you may only give orders to any individual unit when they are 'connected', which happens at fixed intervals based on that unit's transmission speed. The tactical depth in the game comes from deciding the composition and position of your forces, as well as movement and scouting once the battle has begun. Most early levels allow for multiple tactical approaches: do you hang back and blind fire with artillery tanks, send a balanced force of scout and assault tanks forward, or rush a couple of self-destructing shock tanks to breach the enemy's defenses? Later levels in the great caverns tend to favor specific strategies, forcing you to adapt; this is especially true for a select few cavern levels where the enemy is so overwhelming that the game becomes almost a puzzle in selecting the correct tanks and placements to survive the onslaught.Other points of interest:- The game took me 43 hours to 100%, with all but 8 of them spent clearing the Great Cavern of Fuji.- The translation was very well done; I encountered no bugs and 3 typos during the entire game.- The soundtrack for the game is surprisingly good; I wouldn't put it on the level of my favorite game sountrack (Timesplitters 2), but the sound cues here are quite catchy, and I think they'll stick with me for a good while.- Battling through all the floors of the Great Cavern of Fuji can get a little repetitive, but the new units gained in the cavern and the unique tactical challenges on many of the floors keep it interesting.Overall, I'd give it a 4.5/5. I really liked this game and would recommend it to anyone who likes Japanese indie games or turn-based strategy games."
,Recommended,301920,14578327,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ネチガワラ,Ruru is Cute.10/10
76561198047502811,Recommended,301920,24347025,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,killamrix88,"I love the War of the Human Tanks series. The stories are fun and the gameplay is simple but challenging. It's fun to start out slow and weak and work your way up, earning bigger and better tanks.The first War of the Human tanks is probably one of the my favorite games of all time. The characters were funny, the story was actually quite interesting, the music was surprisingly good, and the game was fun.This game falls short of the first in almost every regard. I like the characters in the game, some of which return from the first, but the new ones aren't quite as good I'd say. Alter (main character, you'll meet her right away) is a great character, but at times she's a little TOO snarky and mean. Otherwise she's just fine, though. Not as good as the main character of the first game, but at least we can SEE HER, so that's a plus.The story is, sadly, shorter and with less branching. There's also a hidden, and quite cruelly so, mechanic which can make the final level HELL if you don't respect it.SPOILER- (if you kill too many enemy tanks [while say grinding for supplies] the final boss will be harder to kill... much harder... infuriatingly so if you max it out) -END SPOILERBut at least we get to play with the cute Royal Tanks now! Don't worry, you can also use the old Imperial Tanks if you want... in some cases it's actually recommended. The tanks of each nation vary slightly at higher tiers.Thankfully, we have the Great Cavern of Fuji. At first you might think, ""you can't just put that in and say it's ok to have a worse main story."" And maybe you'd have a slight point... however, the Cavern has it's own story, with silly lines of dialogue and new characters and everything. So I'd say it's a fine way to add content and story to the game.You could say this game simply has two campaigns, which gives it plenty of content. Perhaps more than the first. The Cavern is HUGE.There's just one problem. THE CAVERN IS ****ING BRUTALLY HARD! I'm betting there are people who will never see all of that content because they'll simply rage and give up. I personally haven't even made it half-way. (But I will never surrender!)Here's the problem, and it's a complex one in a way -- control tanks. I hate these things, but I understand them.In the first game, you could take your lovely assault tanks, mod them, and wipe out entire stages in one or two shots. In this game, control tanks will DISABLE YOUR MODS. You might as well send your tanks in unmodded to ensure you don't lose any expensive equipment. This makes the game brutally hard (final level for example...) and when you throw in lots of tanks with evasion (that mechanic was in the first game as well, but it was easier to deal with when you could carpet bomb the whole map every five seconds...) the game will destroy you until you figure out the best way to deal with each situation (*cough*line-mon*cough*).So yes, it's a way to keep you from grinding and then hitting the ""easy button"" like in the last game, but it's sort of a slap in the face to know that all that equipment you worked so hard to earn is now about as useful as a screen door on a submarine. Your s***'s been bricked yo.At least you can buld your own and brick the enemy's s*** too.Conclusion:Is it as good as the last game? No, some of the charm is missing. But being only SLIGHTLY worse than an amazing game is still pretty good.There's plenty of content and challenge. Even more than the first in that regard. If you loved the first game, you'll enjoy this one.P.S. The cats are back too. Ahaha... *sobs*"
76561198064503683,Recommended,301920,14488613,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Diasuke,"The simple question is, why would not wield tanks of mass doom and death!Once again we are brought back to japon to finish a war, and again our main charater lives of cup ramen (I don't realy see the problem but still...)Unlike the last game we can build BOTH Empire and Kingdom Human tanks to outfit our already great taste for large kodama armies.A Metric ton of new things and tanks to go with and the the ability to make tanks that make me think of ememy at the gate is even better HINT:that is a new type of tank introduced as part of the asssult tank family take a guess as to what it dose...Added in is the Great Cavern which is full of both new tanks and new foes along with old refrence maps and CATS!!!!If you are heading after the Great Caven I wish you good luck, It is trying to kill you every step of the way to make sure it's secrets stay a secret.It is a great game so go and get it. like NOW!"
,Recommended,301920,14643113,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SerialConvort,"It is just as good as the last game and even better! I mean, you actually have a character that calls you (Alter) Master (For the beggining mostly). What more could you possibly need?!? (You could probably need more neko, you can never have enough neko)"
,Recommended,301920,20276578,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Strangelove,great gamesengoku best girl;_;
,Recommended,301920,30302570,Posted: 3 March,all,Miwwa,Iz good game  but first one is better yes
,Recommended,301920,14465359,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mydlak,Great sequel of the first game. Gonna keep me busy for a few weeks...
,Recommended,301920,14496828,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Eagles,"I used to be a major like you. until I took a stray mont blanc to the face!I wish shoutaro get a face sometimes...I'm fine with imagining him, but sometimes I'd wished otherwise...Great game though! Will wait for limited operations!"
,Not Recommended,301920,26609076,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elles,"Honestly I prefer the first game.I don't get why you have so many customization options if it's to disable them most of the time.I do agree that past some point, the first game became way too easy but completely removing the personalization of the units (which is half the fun) is quite the bad move in my opinion.I do get that with the gameplay being so simple it's quite hard to make the game a challenge without removing the customization but I honestly think there was other methods to do so, like using a fixed team or giving a set amount of money to customize before the battle (I'm mainly complaining about the bonus maps).And also, the story wasway less interesting than the first with only 1 route to follow."
,Recommended,301920,26575474,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Prast Gontir41,This game is great! Only I can't download the trainer...
,Recommended,301920,14480796,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Gretel Mk Monkey,"You can never kill a Human Tank game, even if you kill it.(Yes, that means buy this or human tanks will start to riot. I literally can't mention anything that's bad about this game.)"
,Recommended,301920,14555061,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DeBlois,This is the second game to make me hate things. I love Ruru. I want a Ruru. I need a Ruru. I give it DeBlois/10.
76561198114916015,Recommended,301920,24520450,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,odecabode,buy this game pls
,Recommended,301920,31165794,Posted: 15 April,all,No Tatsuki No Tanoshi,Ruru is an idiot
,Recommended,301920,28106717,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,expert on that topic,HOW DO THEY MAKE THE BEAT SO DAMN FUNKY
,Recommended,301920,14456849,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Villain,"I haven't played much of it yet but I can tell you this. I is a masterpiece. You can get both alignments of tanks and the new story is just awesome. If you liked the first game get this. If you haven't played the first game, get it first, beat it, then play this. (otherwise you'd be missing some story)"
,Not Recommended,301920,18393501,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,CPT. Dansko Valentine,"Truthully speaking, I was looking forward to this game after the great impression the first one left with me. But I can honestly say that I am not having fun with this. The gameplay lays out the same way as it's predessecor, except this time there are a few new tanks, which is always nice. The story isn't really relevant, let's be honest with ourselves, these games have no story.The biggest flaw with this installment is the cavern system. The cavern is a very long series of challenges that make up pretty much most of this game, as you progress, the battles become very hard very quickly. I found myself being unable to clear floor 9, either because my troops died or I ran out of time.The problem is grinding, in the end. You need to grind to get resources, which you use to buy better tanks to make battles easier on yourself. But the thing is that the best tanks, or even the slightly better tanks are very expensive, and the free battles that are actually possible for me hand out a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor amount of resources.Most of your finances will come from the cavern, and I am stuck in a loop hole where I end up ""not being able to progress through the cavern because I don't have good enough tanks, but I can't get better tanks because I don't have the money, and I can only really get money from the cavern, but I can't progress through the cavern..."" and so on and so forth.So, I can't reccomend this game, it doesn't hold the same spark the first did, with the resource management and obtainment being clunkier than before. And the story really faltered and made me feel as if everything I achieved before hand meant nothing. I give it a 6/10, and can only hope that the next one isn't so mildly dissapointing."
,Recommended,301920,24350051,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kararina,Got a special tank by importing the special save from the perious series of game.The tank was being killed by the enemy tank and it never come back.11/10 would miss the cute cat tank again.
76561198067330202,Recommended,301920,23771210,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"If you liked war of the human tanks, you will also like WotHT- ALTeR, since it is more of the same with a few nice additions, in form of new unittypes, more story(I preferd the story and characters of this game over the ones from the original game) and the option to build the tankmodels from the royal armee, which do the same stuff, but have cooler designs in my opinion.but since this is the second game in the war of the human tanks triology, I would recommend you play the first one first(even though the storys are only loosly connected)"
,Recommended,301920,23812846,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shakts,"A pretty sweet, small package of comedy and drama,,Unfortunately, the main campaign is very short compared to the first game"
76561198170605491,Recommended,301920,23377562,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Xelam13,"Ahhh looks like someone read my last analisis and left this game with even less player inmersion...but is a wonderful game anyway, the story is pretty good, and the art is pretty.If you enjoy the first game this is for you"
76561198046557689,Recommended,301920,27277770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bdop9549,"An absolutely great game. It expands of the forumula established in the first game, without breaking or adding unnesesary mechanics. There are two side notes that should also be understood, first the branching story/multiple endings that the first game had is gone, the story is now one definitive story. The second note is that most of the gameplay and quite a bit of story happens in what could be considered to be the bonus dungeons, most of which unlocks after beating the ""main"" story. Still, this game is great if you liked the original War of the Human Tanks you will very much enjoy this game."
,Recommended,301920,27038581,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crimson Momonga SSS,"There's so much I could say about this game, but I'll try to keep it short.The gameplay is fairly straightforward.  If you've played the first game, you know what you're getting yourself into;  if not, it's still pretty easy to pick up.  Grid / tile based strategic movement, Battleship-like firing, fog of war, time-based unit recharge rather than turn-based.  Though I will say, once you get into the Great Cavern...  they really step things up.  Gonna take some mad strats to survive down there.Fairly extensive customization (and even more tanks!), though later in the game you'll encounter  some checks to stop you from getting too overpowered and just nuking everything.The story is... well, it's actually pretty incredible.  Well, okay, the main story is fairly standard stuff.  But the NG+ side story, the Great Cavern, is amazing.  Gets into the origins and motivations of the Human Tanks and is far more moving than I ever expected.  Aaaand there's at least 6 or 7 times as many missions in there as in the main story.Art is the simple, sometimes blobby stuff you can see in the previews.  But again, it actually manages to get better as you progress through the Cavern.  You can find some pretty impressive, and unnerving, visuals as you go along.Soundtrack is as eclectic as ever.  I don't know if there even is a genre for the sorta stuff you'll hear.  Very fitting sound design though.Ah, as a last note, you don't have to have played the first game to enjoy this.  It just fills in a few details, and leads to some neat inferences as to the lore, if you happen to know when the game is calling back to the first one's characters.....and Heshiko Mk III is an absolute beast."
76561198062003456,Recommended,301920,32920895,Posted: 28 June,all,Yakitori,"The game is pretty good. You have to think how you gonna pick, move each of your tanks.The story has many testes on it: humor, sadness drama etc. It'll show how each characters feel about the war and how to deal with it. Sometime the decision is look bad, but it has to be like that.I play it, and lose many time, that is how you improve your skill. The AI is very smart even in normal mode."
