user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,302270,12387592,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,pew pew pew,"Important NoteThe final decision to not recommended Eternity reflects my personal experience about the original Dungeon Defenders and my personal preference of gaming.Incorrect ReviewsThere are a lot of negative reviews about Dungeon Defenders Eternity which are incorrect. Let's talk about the most false and improper negative reviews I've read. They include one or more of following statements:This game is advertised as 'definitive' but it is an 'Early Access'A lot of people use the word 'definitive' in a wrong context. Eternity is just the definitive version of Dungeon Defenders 1. It is the final product they made based on DD1 and there will be no other version anymore which is based on DD1 (so close). Nor it implies that all content known from DD1 is included in Eternity neither everything is accessible right now.The store page of Eternity is incorrectThat's simply wrong. Anyone who has read the store page carefully will agree here. Every single statement came true. Trendy has even tweaked the store page to describe things in-depth for whose who were confused for any particular reason. We could only debate if they did their job well.This game is 'Pay2Win' since micro-transactions are implementedMeanwhile micro-transactions are implemented the shop only provides cosmetic items. Cosmetic items doesn't affect the gameplay in any way.This game is a mobile portNo, it isn't. They designed the game for multiple platforms (mainly PC) with the focus to keep the GUI (Graphical User Interface) for all platforms equally. Not a bad move at all. Though there is a lot room for improvements.My ReviewIt was clear to me that Eternity will have bugs, glitches and exploits like every other PC game but I never mocked about it like others because it was obvious that Trendy will work on fixes. A lot of users were complaining about the broken stat progression after Trendy has fixed an exploit which has given way overpowered gear. I appreciated the fix since I was still able to reach 2k and higher stats in order to beat the game easily. People were just too lazy to invest time to build a set and to upgrade their stuff. The game was still fine and I liked it a lot.Then they released Content Update #1 and 'Nightmare' difficulty. I still was able to beat most content with gear which I've collected during the 'broken stat progression' but even on Deepers Well on Nightmare difficulty (the easiest - first map) were dropping stuff with stats way better than mine.The hardest part of the game now is to reach the required Hero Level to be able to equip this stuff in order to get 4k+ points in multiple stats. Makes the whole game pointless - DD was about grinding - take it away and there are no goals anymore. You are able to reach up to 10k points in averyshort time to cover huge maps with a single aura stack and a Buff Beam and you still beat the map without any further defenses.(In the meanwhile they have added enemies which are immune to elemental damage regardless of using a Strength Drain Aura, so you have to put up some more defenses now.)'Nightmare' turns into 'Laughable easy'.Recommend or not?This depends on two questions. If you answer both with yes then go ahead and buy this game.Do you like to play solo as in the community is extremely small?Do you play more casually as in grinding XP and gold will be your only issue?I hope this review was more helpful and informative than others."
,Not Recommended,302270,15748581,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,|>_|3lade,"Devs just gave out free Dungeon Defenders Collection gifts to all people who own Dungeon Defenders Eternity. This means the devs are abandoning support for this game and want you to go back to Dungeon Defenders 1.If you want Dungeon Defenders, get the first game instead. DDE was a failed attempt to re-release DD1 with some upgrades."
,Not Recommended,302270,15759014,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mozgus,"Sounds like as of this week, the developer is giving up on Eternity, pushing a few more updates to the original game, and then leaving it in the hands of the players to work on. Seems the community moved back to the original anyway for the most part, as Eternity was just a pointless rebuild of a game that was fine to begin with. If you're going to play, I'd bet on the original game being the one with staying power. Don't invest in this one.You can read this to understand the difference between the games, besides just the UI:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=290092757Yes, it does seem like Eternity has more content overall. Maybe someday someone can port some of it down to the original. Until then, it seems like people are willing to live without it. I just checked the player counts right now. The original has 825 and Eternity has 53. It will only become more lopsided in the future."
,Not Recommended,302270,11363239,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Skelni,"((Instead of reading my rant, just head over to this amazing guidehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=290092757http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=290092757to see a good comparison of DD1 and this.))No single player, no cards, no workshop, no split screen, in game real money store, and ten other loads of all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tDon't buy or you'll regret it.Edit: Ohhh, looks like they're trying to back themselves out, finally removed ""Single-player"" tag from the game.MORE edits: Now they're adding single player and private games, I mean I thought this was a finished product, not an early-access, shouldn't it just have been in the game to begin with? May as well mark my review as ""constantly in development"".More editsv2: Private games are in, just from a few minutes into it, I'm already displeased, what with a huge latency issue in the game, makes it dramatically worse when you're just moving around, and then suddenly get shoved back half a second later. They seem crazy about keeping the game ""secure"", but at woof cost? Though the new equipment system is fun to play around with, but I had trouble paying attention to it, what with hundreds of other new things going on, it's just too much too quickly. Still siding with DD1 over this currently."
,Not Recommended,302270,18493920,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ecks,"Imagine a really good game, with a new re-release coming out, and it looks promising! Then once it came out, really sucked, and it wasn't fun. Thats what this game is. If you wanna get Dungeon Defenders, get the first one. Not this."
76561197969290323,Not Recommended,302270,11363282,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Cuchilain,"This game is absolute garbage, its an insult and offensive.  Its a mobile version of Dungeon Defenders that is ported to pc.  It should have a disclaimer on the page saying so, but instead it misleads with info about new features, but doesnt tell you what it really is. . . a mobile app.  It also has a cash shop, which just pisses me off even more.  I own the original and a bit of the dlc, and i never minded most of the dlc or prices on it, but this is misleading and offensive.  TERRIBLE play by trendy."
,Not Recommended,302270,11400528,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,BedazzleHooves,"Time to review this with a Pros and Cons list...CONS:1. Public Tavern = People everywhere whining and asking things like, ""How do you play?"" and ""Why does this game suck so much?"" And there is always a hoard around the forge and tavern-keep that makes walking around hard.2. Requires constant internet connection = All file are on their servers, not your computer. This means if your internet goes out, you can't do a thing. And it means long wait screens while it downloads the map you just tried to enter. If you have slow internet or frequent outages, this game is not for you.3. Summoner = The Summoner no longer uses his own pool of Defense Unit points (Minion Units). Instead, he draws from the same DU as everyone else. This makes him a character that is now a builder like any other except that he can't attack. Two pets doesn't really make up for this and minions are not good at being the only thing on the field. He is most pointless now that he costs other builders their points.4. Costumes = Completely pointless. Armor is visible and that cannot be turned off. So what you look like under all the cool little helmets and masks and shields seems almost pointless by the end of even the first level.5. Eternia Crystals = The crystal is now no longer customizable. Only look it has is the default look. Sad. Really, really sad.6. In Game Store = Yes, there is a store in the game that costs real money. Yes, it is just for cosmetic items when you are playing on Steam. Yes, it still stinks. In-game stores that use real money on a game you already paid real money to buy is dumb. It's tied on annoying level with Release-Day DLCs for me. I already gave you money to buy the game and now it's ""Oh, wait, you wanted the entire game? That'll be an extra $20.""7. Perma-Death = Perma-Death in Hardcore??? Why? Just why? Never playing that mode.8. Two friend systems = o.O If you play on Steam, please note that there are two social systems in the game: Steam and Playverse. This gets confusing fast... ""Wait, I just added that person, how do I have a friend request from them. Oh, this is Steam that is Playverse."" ""Why aren't they showing up in my friends or this group?..."" Etc.9. Tooltips = There are none. Happy button-guessing folks!10. Tutorial = My sister had not a clue what to do as a first time player and I had to show her everything. A tutorial to do that would have been really nice...11. No Split-screen = I used this all the time on the old game and I have actually already missed it. Please patch it in.12. Box System = They made it worse. I didn't know that was even possible. It's like an apps touchsreen now with a bad PC overlay on it.PROS:1. Single or Multiplayer Missions = I can play with random people or just my friends. A welcome early patch that was really, really needed. Works great now.2. Visible Armor = This is awesome. Sure, for most of the game you will look like you covered yourself in hotglue and rolled around in a junkyard... But once you hit max and get a real set of armor that all matches: You will look awesome.3. Dyes = They now sell dyes of different colors at the Tavern-keep's place. And most items have 5 to 6 dye slots for colors on it you can change. Yes, for people who like micromanaging every little detail of your character (aka: people like me), this is awesome. They are low in price so you can change colors a lot. :)4. Pet hatching = You get eggs and weight for them to hatch as you run around and do things. AKA: Pokemon eggs. It is actually quite fun to see what will pop out of each egg. Awesome system.5. Coins = MANA IS NO LONGER MONEY!!! You no longer have to try and use Mana for everything and worry about lost Mana all over the map. Gold coins enemies drop last longer than Mana and you don't have to feel bad burning through thousands of Mana a battle in the later stages with you skills.6. All DLCs built in = ...need I even say why this is nice and awesome?7.  Dashing = You can dash! ...four times... ...than your meter needs to recharge over-time...8. Two weapon slots = Switch out to a different weapon quickly when they are resistant to your main one. Very, very nice.9. Graphics = Slow to load, but once they do, they are awesome!10. Fun = The first Dungeon Defender was fun, this one is fun. They are the same game though.11. Co-Op Awesomeness = Grab a few friends and go to town. Just plain more fun with more friends.12. Loot system = Fewer drops of better quality? Individual loot? Both very nice.OVERALL:This really just seems to be you paying money to help them test PlayVerse...Not seeing enough new content here to warrant a re-release of the same game. I guess the balancing issues and hacking are reasons they are saying that this came out, but I see no real reason to buy this if you own the original with all DLCs. Dungeon Defenders (Original version) was and is a great game... Stick to it if you own it. Though if you don't own it, this might be a great one to pick up.Only reason I like this game over the original? You can put shiny armor on and dye it a bunch of different ways."
,Not Recommended,302270,15764827,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Techbane,"What was originally a somewhat iffy re-release of Dungeon Defenders, with some added content and some missing content, is now plain dead in the water. DDE will never get the missing content from DD1, DD1 will never get the new content or DESPERATELY needed rebalances from DDE. Now pretty much all that's left is to wait for DD2 and hope they don't manage to completely ♥♥♥♥ it up a third time."
,Not Recommended,302270,11362743,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mongelo,I'm sorry but this really wasn't necessary. I can't even play a game by my self if I wanted to. I don't see steam achievements. The new UI isn't really better. Not impressed.
76561198002642742,Not Recommended,302270,17939677,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Geneface,"This game is a version of Dungeon Defenders where everything has been nerfed, taking away a lot of the fun."
,Recommended,302270,11370514,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Amoliski,"As someone who's put hundreds of hours into the base DD game, all of the negative reviews of this one were very concerning to me. I decided to go for it anyway, and I've been pleasantly surprised. I've put several more hours into the game since my first review, and I figured I'd update it a bit with what I've observed now that I've made it to 60 on a few characters. I've come across a few annoyances, and there's definitely a few more cons, however my final verdict is still a 'recommend.'Aside from the general pros, this review assumes you're familiar with the first DD game. If not, watch a few let's plays on Youtube to get a feel for the gameplay; it's a combination of tower defense and action game, and it's hard to describe in words what is way easier to show on video.General Pros:+ Very fun mix of strategic and action based gameplay.+ Good character/gameplay variety (8 classes, multiple character build options in each class)+ Great to play with friends+ Leveling up and finding new gear is very satisfying. Finally perfecting a map build is insanely satisfying.Pros vs. the Original Dungeon Defenders game:+ The game is VERY MUCH Dungeon Defenders 1.9, lots of little things that make the game more enjoyable.+ Everyone gets their own drops. No more people running around stealing all of the drops while you keep the defenses running!+ The four slot amulet/consumable system where you can add four extra abilities to your character- instantly heal a tower, amplify elemental damage, heal other players, curse enemies, summon a giant storm, etc... It definitely makes you feel like you have more options and allows for some cool new character builds (like a 4 tower repair amulet + hero speed + hero health to quickly run around the map healing defenses).+Pets now have uniqe abilities and drop as eggs that you equip in your amulet slots to hatch over time. You can see the stats before you hatch them+There are consumable items that let you boost exp, loot quantity, loot quality, and loot rarity. Especially useful on survival runs to get some great gear+ Items, Maps, and Hero are balanced much better+ Item value is tied to the rarity, not the stats; crazy weapons don't sell for an insane amount any more+ Currency and Mana are separated. It's very satisfying to run around picking up huge amounts of gold.+ All of  the DLC Maps, Characters, and Costumes are unlocked for free. There's some new maps that aren't in the original game--Cons:-Rollbacks. This is almost enough to not recommend the game. Three times now I've completed a survival game only to return to the tavern and find all of my items/exp/money reset. Extremely frustrating and totally unacceptable. It happend twice after Trendy claimed it was fixed, but it HASN'T happened since the latest patch. I'll take this one off the list if I go a few more days without another rollback.-Game UI: The UI is awful. When I say awful, I mean really, really, really bad. The item box is clunky and other than the ability to filter by rarity and item type, there's no sorting or ability to rearrange items at all. Folders are clunky. The only way to check an item's stats is to hover over it (why not a table view that shows each item on a row along with its stats?). There are random numbers and symbols everywhere with no explanation. Crafting is incomprehensible until you actually start finding blueprints and realize that it takes blueprints.- Playverse UI: Stupid Javascript/Twitter Bootstrap overlay that's used to make parties and... I guess stream to twitch? There's a buch of useless buttons on that thing, and it feels totally out of place. Definitely needs to be replaced with ingame menus that acutally fit with the rest of the game. Right now if feels like they just copy+pasted a web page as an overlay and called it a day.- Server Lag/Always Online: I understand why they went to server-side only, and I'm mostly happy about it. However there is occasional lag and rubberbanding. I'd rather than then hacked items, though, so it's not a huge deal for me. If you have an unstable internet connection, DON'T BUY THIS GAME.- Bugs: Summoners are broken, some towers are broken, Dark Elf Warrior Ninja ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are broken. This stuff can all be fixed with patches, but it's still a pain in the butt. The Dark Elf Warriors will oneshot you on insane, then turn around and wreck your defenses. I refuse to believe that the insanity of the DEWs on endless spires on insane during the last wave are NOT bugged.- UI: I know I said this one already, but seriously, the UI really sucks.Misconceptions:Cash shop: Now that I've played more, I realized that the cash shop is literally JUST emotes (at the moment.) It's not even outfits, it's just an animation that you can buy for a dollar. The concerning thing is that the infrastructure exists if they decide to sell more than just cosmetics, but they promised to keep the cash items cosmetic only.'Mobile Game Port': Yeah, there's a dungeon defenders game for Android that's very close to the PC version, but I'd call that an exceptionally good Android game, not an exceptionally bad PC game. Controls are fine, video options are fine, gameplay is fine. I'm never in a place where I say ""Wow, if this wasn't a mobile game port, X would be easier/better."" If I never played the android version, I wouldn't beleive the game could even be ported to android and still work the way it does on PC.In the end, I'd contine to state that if you like DD, you'll like DDE, especially if/when they fix the remaining bugs.---Original Review: 20Hrs in---As someone who's put hundreds of hours into the base DD game, all of the negative reviews of this one were very concerning to me. Even then, I got enough enjoyment out of the base game that I didn't mind supporting the devs a bit more.I don't know if I'm playing the same game as the people who played for .2 hours before downvoting it, but I'm beginning to think I'm not. From what I've played so far, it looks  like they took major steps towards fixing a lot of little annoyances from the base game- mana is no longer currency, everyone gets their own chests and gear drop, and hardcore mode is actually scary (when you die you lose all of your levels and gear!) They added consumables, new pet abilities, two weapon slots, and it looks like all of the paid map DLC from the base game is unlocked for everyone.A big problem with the first game was hacked in items, a problem that appears, for the moment, to be solved.I'm going to address a few concerns I've seen brought up.In App Purchases: From what I'm seeing, the ONLY thing bought with real money is costumes which are purely cosmetic. I have no problem with that model, and usually nobody else does either.Blurry Textures: If the reviewer played for more than a few minutes or read the on screen tips, he would have seen that the game downloads super low res textures to get you playing, and then continues the download of the rest of the assets in the background.Mobile game port: I'm not sure if the game started out as a port from a mobile device, but it feels like a full featured PC game: tons of remappable keyboard shortcuts, graphics options, and controls that work well.UI: This is the only place where I see problems. Creating a private match was simple enough, but the friends system took a little while to get used to. It appears to be a (Twitter Bootstrap Based) Javascript/HTML overlay that you get at by hovering over the top right corner. It feels really disjointed from the rest of the game's menus.The bottom line is that if you like the original Dungeon Defenders PC game, you'll like this too. I feel like a ton of the negative reviews are by people that haven't put any time into actually playing the game."
,Not Recommended,302270,12798089,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ernie,"TL;DR Man, I had hope for this game being a considerably better version of Dungeon Defenders 1, especially considering the large amount of changes done, but it ended up being a huge disappointment. I invested a reasonable amount of hours, and even persuaded my friends that were playing the game that things would get better because Trendy was listening. Things didn't get better, but Trendy kept listening. In short, I'd advise against getting the game, at least for now. While I've sort of relinquished my affection for the game, I do still look at updates and hope things get better.So this is Dungeon Defenders 1.5. Basically, it serves to help be the middle ground between Dungeon Defenders 2 and Dungeon Defenders 1 (I think). If you've played Dungeon Defenders, then you know what this game is about. Dungeon Defenders is a game where you pick a champion (or all of them, because that's an option) and your goal is to defend the Etheria crystals from the mobs trying to break them. I think them breaking means the end of the world or something. Let's go with that.While Dungeon Defenders 1 had 4 heroes by default and the other 3 were DLC-only, Dungeon Defenders Eternity has all heroes available at the start. Also, much like the heroes, it has many of the previous maps also available at the start. Some maps haven't transitioned into Dungeon Defenders Eternity, but there is still potential for them to be added in the future as Trendy has decided that they intend to update the game with a content update MONTHLY. Currently, they've gone through 3 content updates. (The game came ou in July, so they're on pace) Each update has so far come with a new map. Also, to go along with the monthly ""big update,"" they also do smaller weekly updates to the game.Gameplay is identical to the first with few exceptions. Some towers have had some tweaking and, perhaps the most controversial change, Minion Units from Dungeon Defenders 1 has been replaced by adding on Defense Units to maps that warranted it. Also, the game comes with 4 additional maps to the campaign, 3 inside of the missions leading to Eternia Shards maps, and 1 after Crystalline Dimension.The way items upgrade has also been reworked. Previously they costed mana which was all but abundant in the game, and only an exceptional few items took one's entire inventory's worth of mana to fully upgrade, but now they function on the new Gold resource that has replaced Mana. Mana now only interacts with towers and doesn't influence anything outside of a given map. Gold though, as you might imagine, is noticably harder to come by. Whereas in the past it wasn't too difficult to find a 2000 mana Mana Token, now you'd be hard pressed to find even a 50 gold Gold Coin. Fortunately, items cost an almost proportionally amount less gold to upgrade and this seems to serve as to limit a player's ability to just upgrade their gear to obscene levels early on and just rush through the game with that gear. Maybe.So, I'm going to level with you. I spent 800 hours in Dungeon Defenders 1 and I only played for about 4 months. The game got really solved and that made me kind of furstrated, so I gave away what I had and just left the game. Games like these are intended to encourage you to farm for gear that gives you beetter stats so you have an easier time with the endgame, right? Well, that's fine and you can get to that level hilariously easy in Dungeon Defenders 1 by means of Tinkerer's Lab  Assault NMHC. At around 3000 stats in Dungeon Defenders 1 (fully upgraded), you are pretty comfortable with every map. Eternity, on the other hand, while it doesn't have Tinkerer's Lab Assault, it does have something far worse.Something to note is that in Dungeon Defenders 1, it was pretty difficult to find an item with 400 in a stat. There was even a cap on the more obscene Obsidian Weapons at 999 in a stat. That was basically the highest you'd see at all in the game and it was tremendously rare to find anything not a Clava with those stats.Unfortunately, Eternity decided numbers get players or something, so you can find as high as 600 base stats on an item. Remember how I mentioned items upgrade differently? Well not only do they use gold, but they upgrade 10% of the base. Imagine you found an elusive 600 stat weapon in the game and it came with 16 upgrades (highest from the past. I'm not sure if it was implemented to have items with 16 upgrades anymore). Well, that would mean that you could get 60 stats per upgrade, 15 more times giving you 900 extra stats. That would mean 1500 stats on, potentially, one stat from an item. I mean, all of the stats could have rolled with 600, so you could have something obscene like 600/1050/1050/600 on an item or something. Or ytou could have a waller with just 1500 in tower Health because that's a thing. Sure, the formulas scale a bit differently from Dungeon Defenders 1, but it just doesn't make sense.That said, you don't need anywhere close to the maximum theoretical stats achieveable to clear maps. I've had friends that broke into nightmare, clearing Tavern Defense with meager 800s in a stat. Not even in the thousands. Sure, you might suggest that some other maps require higher stats, but those stats are pretty easily achievable. I mean, it's not like you'd be spending hours and hours trying to clear The Deeper Well (first map in the game) on Nightmare (current highest difficulty in the game) with the Hardcore modifier (makes the mobs harder and you get better drops) or anything. That really detracts from how fun the game is.With games like these with the amoutn of diversity in characters, there's also much to be said about balance. If you've played Dungeon Defenders 1, you know that there were really only 4 builders in that game (at least in end-game): Huntress, Monk(Initiate), Summoner(Demoness) and Series EV. What of that changed in Dungeon Defenders Eternity? Well, the Huntress is nearly not even a class. Changes that were made to her include having all towers default to 15s recharge time, making her gas trap nearly unusable. Also, inferno trap doesn't scale with rate as one might hope. Instead, it will tick every second for forever. Rate just affects the recharge of the trap. Fortunately, her Darkness trap has an added feature that will also give mobs a chance to ""miss"" a target, effectively acting as a secondary Strength Drain within a limited area.Monk's Enrage Aura also is/was brokenly overpowered. It's still an AoE mind control tower ('cause those arealwaysbalanced in Tower Defense games), but it also debuffs mobs so that they die faster too. In previous patches it was even more brokenly overpowered by being able to tick faster and harder.Summoner, because Minion Units stripped from the game, was given an unwarranted buff to its units. Mages, for example, can now heal all towers within range, not just minions. Because, in case you were worried about having to play the game, the game has to be put back in gaminess.Series EV's utility towers are just as potent as before, but Buff Beam has seen a considerable buff to it scaling. No longer does it ""soft-cap"" at ~3000 stats, but it goes on forever. Because every Tower Defense game needs an AoE buff tower that can reach absurd levels, right?Ugh. Ok, so I know my tone hasn't been the best, but this game is frustrating. Not because of the game per-se, but beacuse of the game... Yeah, ok, words are hard. The gameplay itself ultimately isn't any different from Dungeon Defenders 1. Ultimately, I guess that's my fault for being a challenge I thought I'd have to overcome. I mean, Dungeon Defenders 1 was just so stale after a point, so I was hoping Eternity would breathe new life into the game. I honestly was defending the game to my friends because I was certain the game would get better and be a better experience. It's almost embarassing to me.Anyway, character cap. This game is a huge let-down"
,Recommended,302270,11383500,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Falem,"SummaryDungeon Defenders Eternity is a tower defense game  made by Nom Nom Games. It is essentially a remake of the first game with a few additional maps and polished content. With a attempt at fixing the balances issues the original had and adding new features.Pro’s and Con’s - in comparison to first gamePlayverse+ No hackers+ Persistant Party System+ Private Taverns- Always Online (DRM)- Cannot import characters from DD1You will have to add friends to playverse in order to party with them. When a player attempts to start a map it gives everyone in the party the option to accept or reject following them. This allows players to avoid being interrupted if they are in the middle of looting, crafting, equipping, or simply changing heroes.A party on playverse is persistant unless you leave it, meaning that if you disconnect for whatever reason, you can rejoin and get back to your friends unless the room becomes full.Some of my friends have reported that the service was slow for them, now that they are able to download the whole game it redeems this problem though it still takes them a few hours to download the 1.6 GB.Visuals+ Improved visual variety (Gear is noticeable, and items look sharper)+ Better Shop UI (Shop has categories)- Downgraded Character UI (No Categories to separate the icons)- No Splitscreen co-opVisual Fix Update: They have added the ability for you to download the whole game if you wait on the update screen. This will stop textures from having to be streamed to you, which results in enjoying a blur-free experience without having to wait to constantly download a map.Icons  for skills Missing? Answer here: Been missing my icons all day and realized that you could just drag and drop the icons onto the hotbar on the bottom left back.Mechanics+ Crafter (Find Blueprints, components to craft superior gear)+ Relics (Give Permanent stat boosts that is not a grind)+ Amulets(Spend mana to cast different quality spells)+ Pickups are independent( Everyone gets their own drops,chests, and pets)+ Chests matter (Ingredients and gems can be gained)+ Micro-Transactions(Only cosmetics, currently emotions)+ Steam Workshop- Minons use defense points(Minons got buffed, but use DU instead of their own points)- Minon AI(Currently Glitches, the ogres seem to move on their own sometimes)Amulets are a great addition, it allows players to have various additional useful abilities for any class they like. Amulets are set at lower levels than other gear, which allows players to equip them on their alternate characters, to give them that extra edge they need. Tower heals amulets are efficient at repairing multiple buildings at once which becomes more potent with defense power. Characters have their skills changed to defense and offense power in order to be applied to both the character personal skills, and their amulets.Monk's tower damage skill gets stronger from defense power just like tower heals which results him not just increasing the damage of towers by more but also being able to heal for a higher % of the tower hp. Curse runs on offense power just like how your DPS skills, which means not only can you slow down ogres, make them weaker and increase your damage but you also have increased your own skill damage. The summoner can use amulets in astral form, allowing him to actually cast storm spells that damage an area of enemies.You can hatch pets, by equipping them in a amulet slot while fighting against enemies. I am not sure why  they added a entire extra step to using pets though its easy enough to not be an issue. They also added pet active skills, turning orcs into cakes is always a good time.Relics can be found on challenges or bosses. There is 5 relics since each difficulty gives you 1. If you do nightmare and beat it you get all 5. Since getting the relics under it are automatic. This is a nice way to increase your stats in general.Boosters can be found during waves and are common expect for the exp booster, that you can use increase quality,quantity,rarity and magic items you find. The icing on the cake is that only one person in the party needs to apply it! Every time you apply a booster it will last 5 more waves, however since survival counts as one big wave for an hour its most efficent to use it for that.The ogres sometimes suddenly move about and is currently a glitch, though i suspect this will be patched soon. This AI glitch alongside the fact minon points got removed really nerfed the summoner, now I see some summoners use them with DPS pets or other methods to try to make him viable.Game Changes+ Survival Feels Endless (1 Hour timed, instead of waves)+ Hardcore Mode (Perma Death & Better Rewards)+ Total Package (Contains most DLC of original game, it has all characters)+ 4 Campaign Maps- Lowered Level Cap 100 to 60 (Not sure how stats will suffer in comparison to first game)- Dungeon Defenders 2 Across corner not sure if this was wise timing to allocate resources to make this.Survival is fun but there is an issue,  the developers need to add a level display to the session playlist. When people look for a session to play and see only map, game mode, and difficulty they are not aware that the game mode of survival pumps up the difficulty greatly even on normal to the point where I could not possibly survive without better gear.Survival has been patched, now you are able to switch heroes any time during the hour at the forge. Gold also will not replace items anymore, and items will not disappear in your face quickly as a result.I recommend those who are curious about it wait at least till your around level 20.The BacklashWhen the game first released on steam, it did not have single player, achivements and other things as promised by the store page. Hence why many were angered by the broken promises and when those promises were removed from the page it did not help their case.The other part of the backlash stems from them going full DRM, which resulted in people always having to be online to play. Some people just want the ability to play without having to worry about the service disconnecting or other issues that comes from playing online. Since they went for a system that streams the content to your computer it takes a while for the textures to fully load and get the graphics that you were expecting coming in. I admit the graphics are simply darker than DD 1 but I would by no means call them inferiorThe LikesMost people who gave this game a chance saw many nice additions to a game they liked with better balancing. While they acknowledged that there is flaws they should address, they think it has potential to be a better game if you give them enough time to patch it up a bit. Most of them see the blacklash while warranted a bit too overboard."
,Not Recommended,302270,11363527,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,DO NOT BUY THIS RUBBISH!!!Its DD1 for tablets/mobile devices (with micropayments??).You cant import characters.There is NO single-player.It has a new UI and 3x the post-processing and a new mode called Vaseline that makes everything blurry for 5 minutes.Skins must be unlocked (for money?).
,Not Recommended,302270,11431416,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Heliumblade,"EDIT2: It seems the devs are working towards fixing some of the things i mentioned such as being able to change characters during survival. The game might become better after all these updates, but they have already lost my interest. There is a big chance that this review will be outdated soon, and i wont be updating it anymore. I reccomend taking some time to do some research before you buy this game.EDIT: For older players who dont have a team and used to play a lot of survival: They changed survival to be one endless wave that lasts an hour. This sounds like a good change, until you realise you cant swich classes once you begin, making late game solo survival play almost impossible. and the fact that you cant ""host"" an instance anymore and cant kick people will make public survival runs a pain.prepare for trolls who sell all the towers at the 5 minutes remaining mark!(Wall of text review incoming)This game is great for:-People that want more of the same, the new additions and dont really care about UI or bugginess.-People that play with a 4 man team of friends, online. (no more splitscreen)This game could be annoying/frustrating for:-Most of the old dungeon defenders players-People that played for the trophies-People that havent played the original dungeon defenders.I reccomend the original dungeon defenders for new players.What i have written down below is mostly my opinions and problems with this game.I honestly feel like this remake is unfinished and has some really poor design choices.The game still has a lot of glitches and bugs, i feel like im playing a beta sometimes.So far the game has been more of the same with some little differences.But its the little things that bother me the most, such as:-Forced online taverns: I liked being able to relax in my own tavern, managing my gear, chatting with the other people i might have just played with, looking through my trophies, being able to change the music playing in the tavern ect, ect.The new taverns are just chaotic and laggy, filled with usually 20 people in a small space.I dont mind the option of public taverns, but i think the 4 man personally hosted taverns should still be available.-Playverse: I know playverse isnt done yet, but it can be really buggy at times. There have been plenty of times the matchmaking servers havent been working or offline. And you need the matchmaking servers to be placed in a tavern. Which you need to be in to play solo.-Glitchy: This game is advertised as a full finished game on steam, yet there are so many bugs and glitches and the general feeling of unfinishedness that the original didnt suffer from. If you are remaking a game you'd better make sure it works better then the original. Mostly the movement in multiplayer can glitch out pretty badly, the general collision between players and mobs feel wrong, not even talking about how much you can glitch the game when you start jumping.-UI: Tower stats are now shown much better. Other than that most of the UI feels clunky and unclear. At least the original had a small tutorial explaining things. This one doesnt.The moment you click play in the menu you are thrown into a tavern with no explaination whatsoever.I had a lot of trouble finding out how the new dye system and crafting works, i cant imagine how confusing it will be for new players.-small stuff i dislike: The 2 minute timer at the end of a map. I like staying a bit to collect mana/coins and chat a bit with people. But now you are brutely ripped away from it. You wont even end up in the same tavern as the people you were playing with. Also hardcore mode has changed to the degree where noone will risk it late game (if you die your character is deleted, rather then if you die you just dont respawn for the duration of the wave). Survival has also changed in such a way that it becomes a pain in the butt without a solid premade team.But this rant has been long enough. I appologize for possibly butchering the english language, its my second laguage and thank you for letting me get this off my chest."
76561197985881367,Not Recommended,302270,19353124,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lucius Brimstone,"I do not recommend buying because the game was abandoned.This was intended as an udated version of Dungeon Defenders with all dlc in and some new stuff.  There are new maps, and they're cool, and there are some balance changes.  Originally the interface was absolutely horrid, forcing the player to redownload the entire game on every update.  That interface was removed when the game was abandoned.It's probably a solid game but the interface and then the dev's just giving up on it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
76561198017246905,Not Recommended,302270,18480553,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,aK,Game is dead. No not buy.
76561198043959021,Not Recommended,302270,18542518,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kwaczasty,that game was great  but   studio  destroy it ....
,Not Recommended,302270,11460919,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,CoolBeansbux,"First real review so be gentle :3 If I made any errors in this review please feel free to add me or comment on it and I will make the changes needed.After playing a little bit of DDE and from what friends have told me, I CANNOT recommend Dungeon Defenders Eternity. Long review so if you want to skip to the results then click READ MORE and scroll all the way to the bottom.First of all DDE was made by Nom Nom Games. NOT by Trendy Entertainment. I'm not going to go beyond the line and say Nom Nom ruined Dungeon Defenders but in my honest opinion they did more bad than good. Someone said that Nom Nom Games is apart of Trendy but I don't know. All I know is that the main team that worked on DD1 did not work on DDE. Lets start out what DDE brought to the table.Secure Dedicated Servers for anti-hacking protection: This means always online play, even in singleplayer. No more hosting games from your computer. Everyone has to connect to the servers and that means DELAY. if you log on to DD1 and do a map and switch to DDE and do the same map you will feel a major difference. In DD1 I barely saw any hackers and if i did I would kick them immediately.Character Dye's: You could change the color of your character in the first game. Probably not on the level of DDE but it was still in there. This also ties into new Visible Armor.Crafting System: While leveling I barely used the crafting system. Crafted items are slightly better than drops but it doesn't really add anything to the game. Really not that different from drops except you need random drops from mana chests in order to craft the item. If you get a good recipe you could probably craft and sell it to other players.Pet Hatching/Growth System/active abilities: I really didn't care less about the Hatching/growth system. The active abilities seemed neat at first then I forgot about them and never used them. *shrug*Dashing and mantling systems for better mobility: Dashing was a cool concept that i'm 50/50 on. More mobility but with the laggy servers its hard to use it. Also i didn't even know there was a mantling system... Never used it.Weapon Swapping between two weapon sets: Didn't use this one either, i'm guessing it works just like how Series E.V. works where she has 2 weapons and you click your button and it switches to another weapon. The old DD UI was fine with swapping gear/weapons. Maybe its a little bit more convenient but I didn't use it.Community Tavern: Forcing players to be social isn't always the greatest thing. I would much rather have my own tavern that showcases all my trophy's and items that I want to drop on the floor than have a big community tavern with random people that i've never met before and barely talk in chat.Quickmatch: I never used this in DD1 and never used it in here. I play DD with people on my friends list and so I never had a use for it. I dont know why this is a ""new feature"" because DD1 had it as well.New currency, Gold coins. Instead of using mana to upgrade and buy gear from other players and the innkeeper, it is now gold.Yatta yatta yatta Cross platform play, *shrug* One DD account and that means you keep your progression on your android devices so that can be kinda cool if you have an Android device and you play DDE on there. 34 new equipable emotes that you have to purchase for REAL MONEY.They seem to take away a lot more content from the first DD and then put in less content. I didn't get a chance to try the new content so I don't have anything to say on the new maps. New Rebalanced missions, I actually failed on Alchemical Laboratory on Normal with my countess but I played again and comepleted the mission.Rebalanced stat system for a greater effect on late game, didn't get a chance to see this one either.Survival Mode was revised and its shorter play times, constantly running around looking at loot drops because they disappear more frequently than DD1 and that can get you killed easily which means if you are playing on Hardcore, good luck. The shorter play times can be a bonus to some players but i loved going for long gaming sessions with friends, seeing how far we can get on a certain map.Hardcore mode has better rewards but has Perma-Death. I can see it being fun but for a game like DD where you need to try different builds and see what works and what doesn't, i'm a bit iffy on that. I think they're reworking Hardcore so take this part with a grain of salt.You do get all 12 Heroes, (Squire,Huntress,Apprentice,Monk,Countess,Hunter,Adept,Initiate,Barbarian,Series E.V.,Jester,Summoner. the original campaign including Lost Eternity Shards and 7 challenge missions, 5 bonus missions (Glitterhelm, Karathiki, Tavern Siege, City In The Cliffs, Tinkerer’s Lab) and Akatit Jungle, Palantir. and then the original DD costumes.UI feels clunky and difficult to learn. DD1 had a much better UI and it felt more responsive and it was very easy to get the hang of it. Playverse, I just hate. Its just like Uplay. I don't need another thing between me and my game. I have steam and I love steam and I don't want anyone to get in the way of something that already works really well. You bring up Playverse by clicking F11 so it just feels disconnected from everything. Its difficult to invite friends and to join them and even talk to them. It feels clunky and id much rather use the steam overlay.-------Results-------I give Dungeon Defenders Eternity a 6/10. DDE wasn't needed at all in the first place and I bought it because it had Dungeon Defenders in the title, after playing and realising that it wasn't developed by Trendy, I felt cheated. Some of the new features are nice but there are more bad than good. For $15 you are getting a lot more content then if you bought Dungeon Defenders for the same price. However, if you are willing to spend a little extra for DLC please consider buying Dungeon Defenders, you will get a better gaming experience than if you would if you bought DDE.Hopefully you found my review helpful and if you need more information feel free to add me and I will do the best I can to answer your question."
76561198055461655,Not Recommended,302270,11363852,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,dastuffster,"I like many, was hyped to see a new Dungeon Defenders release. However, after trying to install and messing around a little, I cannot possibly recommend this. To me, it seems like a expensive patch and if it is indeed an expansion to the first game, then it should be linked to the first game and not its own application.Also, the lack of solo capability and the online DRM is just not worth it. Sure its pretty. Yes, some of the animations do look cool.  But this release was not necessary and to be honest I feel the first game is good enough.I cant wait for DD2 to come out but am disappointed with this unnecessary release.EDIT: Single Player is now available. This makes up for some of the disappointment but I still feel that the original DD is better and that this is a step down. There are still no private taverns.SECOND EDIT: So I gave the game a chance and played all the way to the crystaline dimension level . The reward for beating it was absolutely nothing except for being able to play the new map. While many say this is DD remastered, its a step back because so much is missing from the original DD that I loved. You have all the skins unlocked (some are missing from DD1). No customizable crystal. There is no unique weapon rewards from challenges. Many challenges are not in the game anymore like lab assault. Tavern defense no longer has its 3 bosses and many of the holiday maps are gone. While we gain cool features with armor and a new map, the loss outweighs the gain and thus I recommend sticking with DD1 and waiting for DD2 instead of buying this game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11363796,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,[TRG] Roy,"Everything i used to like about this game, seems to have been redone and come out even worse then before. The controls are clunky, you are forced into mulplayer taverns making it hard to try and party with just 1 or 2 of your friends without being forced to play with random people. The solo game is not longer there anymore and it has 2 interfaces, the Steam one (shift + tab) and another one (F11) but for something thats on steam, ud expect to be able to handle everything via the steam interface, but no, everything from making a party to accepting each indiviudal dungeon entering has to be done via this new interface.And it gets worse, no longer do i feel like the tavern has interesting items for sale, instead emotes cost $1 each. No longer can i unlock my usless items to sell to get more gold, and i have no reason to play DD anymore. This is an insult to anyone who purchased the original game and any of the DLC attached with it. STAY AWAY!!EDIT after update 1: Still no private taverns but being able to just play with a friend or two is finally in. However i havent seen any sign of the crafting system.  Dyes can be found but good luck finally finding the colours you want but its still long from what the original game was for me."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364198,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Edmundo Studios,"This is what you get in this game compared to the previous Dungeon Defenders:.Always online DRM.GFWL style client + extra logins (Playverse).Bad UI.Worse gamepad support.Forced on public lobbies (STILL NOT STABLE).Unstable matchmaking.No Steam workshop support.Worse graphics than on UE3 with poor streaming technology.This is basically a paid alpha/beta test for DD2 and they have the cheek to call this the ""definative edition"" even though it lacks a huge amount of features from DD1."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364569,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Pan,"[Reviewed a few hours after release, some things may have changed since then]This was an uneccessary surprise.Even if you own the original game and every DLC, you still have to pay for Dungeon Defenders Eternity (which already has the DLC unlocked and usable whether you own all the DLC for the original or not.) I highly recommend NOT buying this game if you weren't deeply into the first Dungeon Defenders game.Dungeon Defenders Eternity has a lot of new added content, but the game is in a pretty bad state. You can not start your own private sessions with friends or play solo, no splitscreen or local multiplayer, you have to create an account on PlayVerse in order to play, you need to stay online to play, it now has a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor UI, and Microtransactions. Trendy, wake up.Also, ""Secure Online Play - No more hacking! Eternity runs on playverse's secure dedicated servers, so other Defenders can’t cheat their way to the top.""The Leaderboards beg to differ.Losing hope for Dungeon Defenders 2...As of its current state, do not purchase Dungeon Defenders Eternity."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364016,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,OceanArtist,"Words can not describe how dissapointed I am with this.in short, this is a complete cashgrabIt advertises itself as a new improved version, in reality everything is 10 times more clunky, the UI is absolutely horrible and everything feels clunky. Not to mention you can't play alone and you can't make private games, you need to buy dyes to change your characters colour, removing customisation options and armour shows, which in theory sounds good but it just makes your character look really dang dumb if you just mix and match the best armour you find together.It feels like i'm playing the alpha of DD1, not a remastered version. Complete cashgrab, skip it"
,Not Recommended,302270,11432718,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Stuart,"Stay Away at least for now. The always online function is not working very well, constantly goign down and preventing play. Net code is bad causing rubber banding and warping as well.It may mature into a good game when they fix these MAJOR issues but i advise waiting to see.Just to note, that when it doesn't lag, lets you actually play and doesnt fail it is fun to play but it does need a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,302270,11430462,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,The Chosen Juan,"If you're new to DD and have a good connection then get it.If not, it may seem like a waste of money. (though to be fair you generally doled out around twice this games asking price anyway)It sorts ot a lot of the old issues like hackers and woeful loot but adds new ones like rowdy taverns and server drop outs.If the server was optimized so there was less lag and drop outs, single player, and tavern instance swapping, this game would definetly be worth checking out. But as it stands there will be frustration ahead and will seem a waste of money for anyone who owns the orginal and all of it's DLC (though there is one new character)Fix the server and the thumbs down will become a thumbs up.. till then. I wouldn't recommend"
,Not Recommended,302270,11363445,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Miriam Blum =Qc=,This joke of a 'definitive version' made me lose all hope in the future of Dungeon Defenders.
,Not Recommended,302270,11364552,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,SwiggitySwag skinhub.com,"First time I got in and everything everywhere in game mode and in the tavern is blurry as!! im running high quality & 1080p resolution and everything is blurry. get into a game i understand there in battle mode, but when i try to leave it puts me back to the main menu instead of the tavern.Unlike the original, the tavern isn't your own personal tavern everyone goes to that one tavern (i assume its to cut down on the hackers),**EDIT* 24/07/14*NOW THIS REALLY UPSETS ME!!If you die playing a hardcore on any difficulty your character gets reduced to zero and you lose all your items.i mean seriously i level a character to level 16 and i die by getting pushed into lava. possibly the lamest way to go, but still that is so bad why should i continue playing if i die one time then i lose everything. i don't know about anyone else with this issue but it sounds pretty stupid to me.SO SHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME?Ok im kinda on the fence on this one because i loved the original game as i did play almost 900 hours (which is the longest time ive spent on any game that i know of.)So basically if you like playing hardcore and not losing all your stats play the original if you like the challenge of seeing how far you can get and then dying stupidly buy this like i did. sadly.Personally i prefer the original cause it just looks better its not as complicated as eternity."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364498,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BoMbaStiXxX,"Can't recommend buying this new version. The streaming technology is crap, I don't want to play a game with super blurry textures, I want to download all the files and THEN when everything is on my drive I want to enjoy the game.And no solo play, WTF IS THIS?""Solo playing coming later"" according to some developer. -> This is clearly an early access version of a streamed mobile game ported horribly to PC and they don't advertise this anywhere.I've already contacted the steam support to get my money back."
,Not Recommended,302270,13245554,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rodigeun,"This game had potential to be very good, however the horrible overlay coupled with tons of bugs makes this game unplayable. If you manage to get logged in, good luck getting through a full round. Do yourself a favor and and buy the original and play that."
,Recommended,302270,11370826,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dr. Poonlover,"PLEASE DON'T READ THE PREVIOUS REVIEWS FOR THIS GAME. MOST THINGS THAT WERE POINTED OUT WERE FIXED WITHIN THE FIRST DAY OF LAUNCH.Anyways for my review I believe this game is actually a step up from DD1. Yes there is no private taverns anymore but honestly, all the frusterating thing from DD1 have been fixed in this version of the game. No more cheaters to worry about, real economy, and one of my favorite things, ARMOUR SHOWS ON YOUR CHARACTER. I know, it's a little weird to be excited for that but honestly, it's something i've wanted for a very long time. This shows a preview of some of the game mechanics that are going to be in DD2 and the new playerverse system isn't half bad. It's a little confusing at first but you get the hang of it pretty fast.Some things to be noted are the TEMPORARY blurry textures when you first load into the game. They are blurry simply because they take time to load in. The game slowly downloads while your playing which I don't think as a con, simply because it allows you to play the game faster.On another note, you get Most the DLC from DD1 excluding the holiday maps, which in my opnion weren't as fun as the others anyways. All characters are included and all DLC storylines, including a bonus story line with added in campaign missions. This game is very enjoyable and deserves a chance. I understand a lot of people were probably frusterated by the launch, because I know that I was, but once they updated it to version 2.0 all those problems faded away. I would probably give this game a solid 8/10. It's enjoyable and gives a fresh view to the DD experience and a good preview of what DD2 has to offer."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364192,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,madSimon,"Always online requirement with servers that don't work. Don't buy this, just pick up the original on the cheap so you can play single player if you want."
76561198003477518,Not Recommended,302270,11442720,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tomato,"7/27/204 - Simply horrible. They make their own launcher/chat system/friend system.. and it is simply horrible. I played the original and loved it. Whatever they tried to do with this one did not work. Developers have done a great job of turning me off from this franchise, which makes me sad.  Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,302270,11408087,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,yeast_lord,"If you plan on playing it on Linux, do NOT buy it.  It doesn't work at all.  When you start the game, you just get a black screen... that's it.  I don't even know if I would dislike it for the same reasons that a lot of other reviewers do, since I still haven't been able to play it.  This isn't even a ""corner case"" issue, it seems to affect most, if not all, Linux (would-be) players.  Discussion here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/302270/discussions/0/43099722316467865/In official ""known issues"" here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/302270/discussions/0/38596747884852056/"
76561198126372250,Recommended,302270,31368504,Posted: 25 April,all,Anime Tiddy Boy,"This game isn't actually that bad in all honesty. I played the hell out of the first game, so i do notice all the major differences when playing this one and I'm here to say its not that bad.I understand that many people have found this game to be trash/garbage/a waste of money, but its actually still just as fun as the first one. I do disagree with some features that have been changed such as the level cap reduction and some changes with defense towers. but other changes actually made improvments in my opinion.I played the first game on my xbox 360, but I wanted it on my computer so I could play with some friends who also PC gamed. At first I was skeptical and why wouldnt i be considering the 50% positivity rating. But I am actually happy with my purchase, I'm having a lot of fun playing it with my friends and I'm actully not getting any lag or internet connectivity issues.Reasons to buy this over DD1:-better UI-visual cosmetic items-Includes nearly all DLC (All heros and DLC maps plus some other goodies)-servers arent complete crap like they apparently used to be-This could actually be a great thing if the community actually showed some support for it-some tower differences that you may or may not likeReasons to buy DD1:-higher level cap- more active communitysome tower differences that you may or may not likeOverall its a fine game. I believe that the reason it failed so miserably is due to community backlash during the games initial release causing the devs to lose faith in the project. Hopefully though if it starts attracting some more people, the game may pick up some tempo and finally be finished.I really do hope the devs put a little more time into this. Just something to give the community a little spark because this is honestly worth the money and under appreciated for its value."
,Not Recommended,302270,11423444,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LaughingBovine,"I used to play with my friends locally.  Split screen is gone.  LAN play is gone.  Going online is a lagfest... even in a private, one player game.  What the ♥♥♥♥ Trendy?"
76561197960315996,Not Recommended,302270,11364996,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,DjArcas,"This was sold as 'better than DD1! We fixed everything!', but instead we have microtransactions, no spliit-screen, no private servers, no single player, and I've been sat waiting in a queue for a game to start for the last 20 minutes... avoid until there's been patches and fixes!"
76561197983848612,Not Recommended,302270,11365215,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,rds121488,"Probably cheaper than buying the original and all the dlc, but you lose out on singleplayer and private games, not to mention needing a constant connection to a random third party service. It also doesn't download the game files before you need them, so the first few minutes of looking at anything you haven't seen before, meaning levels, characters, items, even your inventory all look worse than an early 90s attempt at 3D. Would request a refund if I could.Edit: Private games have been patched in. The rest of it stands. I've also noticed levels don't even save permanently, so you get to download them every time you play. A large number of challenge levels from the original are gone, and only a handful of new ones replace them. Get the original over this, unless you're desperate to have every bit of dlc."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364042,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TinyTitan,No singleplayer. It is a mess for newcomers.
,Not Recommended,302270,32696837,Posted: 23 June,all,Futilizer,This is what you get when a developer decides to make something nobody asked for. I don't even know what this is. It's an abomination. Granted it probably is a step up compared to the latest update in DD2.
76561198028290553,Not Recommended,302270,11363253,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Louk,I can't play it alway loading.
,Recommended,302270,11375225,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Xhell,"It's Dungeon Defenders 1 in version all-in-one remastered.There is many changes while remaining the same game, big fan of the 1 I found some things missing yet but it's nice to have an escuse to replay 500h  :DIf you do not know Dungeon Defenders go ahead, this is the best Tower Defense 3D existing. Epic atmosphere and music, excellent game, only happiness."
,Not Recommended,302270,11365497,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Donov,"As it stands, buying this game is a bad idea.1. The processing and graphics power needed to play this game smoothly is insane. Theres some kind of bug in the system causing it to be very very resource hungry.2. No Private Play - everyones talking about it, it was a massive mistake to launch the game without private play options, this is supposedly to be added shortly.3. Playverse - This is a platform created by Trendy and its crap, one of the worst platforms I've seen, its buggy and is probably the cause of the processor bug mentioned above. It's also probably their only defense against hacking.4. Connection Issues - I managed to play a total of 2 missions in the last hour or two because the servers are struggling to cope with all the new players... now this can be expected with a new game but needs sorting fast.5. Microtransactions - Nobody likes microtransactions, especially when theres no warning, devs have stated that this is for cosmetic only (which btw, your armor clips through skins) if it stays cosmetic only then i can live with it.My advice is wait, this will probably be a good game for $6.00 but it isnt yet!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11364930,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,lgdamefan,"Version 3.3 update.This game still, after 3+ patches looks like its in early pre-alpha state. Constant server problems, connection problems, terrible menus, half of its features disabled, horrible balance problems.Good things:Some anti-hack protection finally. DD1 was a terrible piece of hacking trash.That's pretty much all good things I found while playing.Bad things:Half of the classes nerfed do the ground.Summoner... just forget about his minions. Its no longer uses its own defense units and its units is terrible now compared to harpoons. Only viable thing about summoner is... full pet damage spec. Which is actually pretty good.Monk has its auras radius completely nerfed and because of only that they are very weak waste of defense units until you get insane gear.EV - physical walls still viable. Reflect is very useful. Buffs got nerfed completely. Forget about them until you get 5-6k ALL stats, better 8-9 thousands. Until then they are complete trash. And the last proton beam is still dumpter, no changes here.TERRIBLE balance issues:1) DPS heroes - while physical damage is total crap, towers do about 100k dps at level 60 (which is max level now by the way), elemental damage heroes can do... 2 million dps at level 20. Yeah...It seems now its been nerfed to more or less sane digits.2) Survival - developers decided to rebalance it by... making it a single wave, so you cant swap heroes. Complete trash mode which also has no pet rewards. So one of the nice features of DD1 - combining different defenses, just got removed.In 3.3 every mana problems is fixed, but you still cant swap hero after start. At least you can build stuff now.3) Bosses - completely not tested and impossible to kill sometimes.4) Crafting - you get this blueprints dropped occasionally. Which require some crafting parts to craft that drops from chests. And from what I've played I never saw a single one item that worth wasting them. Its like a regular dumpster drop that just requires you to waste some materials to be able to get it. Complete worthless addition to the game.5) Challenges - no point of doing them now. No rewards, no drops, not even experience from mobs. Nice change trendy, nice change indeed.6) Vywerns is a nightmare now. If it started to hit crystal/tower, its invincible to half of your towers because they just cant hit it.7) Dark elves warriors - not affected by slow auras, ignore towers, they will kill you and then kill your towers from behind. Good luck loosing the map because one elve just destroyed all the towers.8) FIXED in 3.3. Solo players got punch in the face. No mana doesnt allows you to complete most of the levels on insane until you get insane DPS hero that will oneshot ogres. Survival is pretty much impossible on insane.9) Loot boosters is REQUIRED to get decent gear. You CAN NOT get any of it because there is a loot quality boost that is simple multiplier of stats. Without it you can forget about loot.10) Loot still disappearing. In fact, it MUCH, MUCH worse now. It can disappear even before it hits the ground. It falls into oblivion. Complete dumpster stays on the ground forever, upgrades disappears before you even see them.11) COINS. The ♥♥♥♥en coins is completely untested and ruin all fun of playing. Created as the way to punish afk people, it dont achieved anything, only made things worse. This new crap value counts as DROP, so map filled with coins will prevent ANY ITEMS TO DROP. So you are FORCED to run around EVERY MAP like a ♥♥♥♥en HORSE ON A TRACK, collecting this bloody coins over, and over, and over the ♥♥♥♥ again and again and again, every single damn map because otherwise you get no drops at all. Very often if you play some hard maps on insane, you just have to defend one place. Imagine what happens at the end of the wave? All map filled with coins, and all drop you get is ♥♥♥♥en dye and worthless amulets.12) Artifacts. They are just worthless. Missleading tips, complete dumpster bonuses. Forget about them.13) No kick option. Yeah. Almost every public game is filled with complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Level 10 in an insane palantir run. Level 60 naked people. Idiots that dont upgrade anything. Afk people. People with no builder chars that wasted mana god knows on what and waiting for miracle. And you cant do anything about it.No nightmare, no challenges, no hardcore/pure strategy/mix mode, no enjoyable survival, no levels past 60, complete rebalance of gear that feels terrible and unbalanced right now, no steam achiements that was an additional motivation to play.Old bugs with mob stuck still dont fixed. New bugs appeared. Mob spawn doors sometimes dont even opens, leaving all mobs behind them invincible for all towers and ranged attacks (every wave at lab assault). Palantir, tavern defence, akatiti has very often (if not everytime) mob stuck, sometimes vywerns stuck the way they completely out of reach for everything. Some units completely ignore defences and attack crystal (archers for the most).First couple of days game had no single player. Now it has no private tavern and solo player is completely loosing to multi player, because with every other player has its own mana chests and can actually use other hero, wow!Game performance is terrible. New shadows make game have 15-20 fps on my i7-4770k/16 GB/GTX660 PC.Servers is constantly lagging. If you played Path of Exile - you find something very very similar here. Client-server desynchronization. Constantly. Servers can be offline, you cant launch the game, you cant join tavern, you cant load level, you cant even start the level sometimes. If you are actually playing it - consider yourself lucky. Or not, because you wasted your money on this dumpster game that should be tested for another year before the release.And after all this crap, you decided to play this game. Level your character, finish survival level and get some nice drops. Do you think you deserve them? Haha, nope. Get ROLLBACKED. Loose your progress and all the loot acquired. Multiple fixes - nothing changes. It gets even worse. How about... LOOSING ALL YOUR CHARACTERS AND STASH? This happened to couple hundreds people, and nothing was restored for them.The only hope left is patches. I suggest you to wait for a year and try this game later. Maybe developers will fix this horrible problems so the game will actually be playable."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364742,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,MationMac,"Broken.You must be online to play, but their servers are not operational.Once you manage to get in, you have to ""stream"" the game files. I left my computer on for over an hour and nothing changed. The tavern is a black mess of nothing and in-game is one big blur of nothing.My characters do not transfer, I got some random characters I have no idea where came from.The in-game overlay freezes the game for a few seconds when you open or close it.They removed local play, including local coop."
,Not Recommended,302270,28847002,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,liknzelda,No sound except for the opening cutscene. Many people have had this problem but Trendy still doesn't fix it.20 dollars wasted.
,Not Recommended,302270,31735103,Posted: 13 May,all,That Mashed Ninja,dont buy this game its run on a server witch it streams the graphics to your computer..... dosnt even work and they dont plan on fixing it
,Recommended,302270,12423563,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DarkestKnightz,"Played the first game quite a bit on my 360 years ago, found this gem after buying the original on sale. Don't believe what you read in some of these negative reviews. The game is fantastic just like the original, only with more content a la amulets, pet hatching, new levels, dash ability, etc, etc, etc.  Not to mention that Trendy(Nom Nom) are very responsive to criticism and are actively altering the game to please the fans!That said, I do have a few gripes, (1) the item system (while extremely good and efficient) is ridiculously confusing when first starting the game. I really wish they would streamline the system in someway and remove the mass of unnecessary clutter. (2) with this game being always online there is a certain amount of lag that you can expect (its occasional for me, but i do play in the dead of the night).All in all Id rate the game 8/10 (possible 10/10 with further patching addressing the issues I mentioned, and late game balancing)BUY THIS GAME!!"
76561198001447927,Not Recommended,302270,34500586,Posted: 26 August,all,Lothlorien,"This is the worst game of the entire steam library, on their about this game page they are telling us that they offer dedicated servers, options for multiplayer co-up, a tarvern were you can interact with others but they fail to mention they have abandoned this game.No online options, just solo play without ANY kind of warning before you spend 20!!! euro's which is a ridiclious price for a game that is made to play together, solo becomes inpossible at a sertain point.They are really ripping people off by not being honest and giving out a fair warning before you purchase the game.The fact that they have abandoned this game should be the very first line in the about this game section, and defenatly should have been in the important notes part which they also have not done.I made a support ticket about this trough the Trendy email and they have not even bothered with an reply.Dont buy this, its an complete ripoff."
,Not Recommended,302270,19885936,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Hitagi Senjougahara,"game is ok but its dead, developers practically abandoned it already"
,Not Recommended,302270,11364995,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Frostraven,Bought it because I love DD and can't wait for DD2.... Annnddddd never have I been so disappointed.  Super Super super super laggy with lots of rubberbanding all over the map.  Am hoping they can pull things together and get it tidied up a bit.
,Not Recommended,302270,17490729,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Lord Trowa- Arisen,"i can't even play this game and i really wanted to. it won't load my tavern online at anytime and i'm afraid to try it offline, this game was meant to play online. I WANT A FULL REFUND FROM THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,302270,23837459,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DéRiksus | Morten Warfare,"Loved Dungeon Defenders 1, hated Dungeon Defenders 2 and now also hate Dungeon Defenders Eternity. Still going to play Dungeon Defenders 1 though :P The UI in this game is just not right, some features are missing from the original game, no one plays this game and the multiplayer is dead. I like the new features for showing better loot, but that is about it. Also this game features microtransactions in form of cosmetics while the original game only has paid DLC. I must say that the new visible armor looks nice and has a nice touch to the game.Pros:Visible ArmorBetter Loot SortingNo Hacked GearCrafting GearSame graphics as the original gameCons:Worse UIMultiplayer DeadMicrotransactionsNo Private Shops?Long join time, even for private sessionsNow introducing coins instead of mana as currencySo overall a negative experience."
,Not Recommended,302270,11423573,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Crown Breaker,Played the first game and enjoyed it greatly. They've somehow managed to rip themselves off and do it badly. Everything from menus to utility seems to be worse. I feel like I'm playing an early beta of the first game.
,Recommended,302270,11420628,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TigerAce2712,"I am going to be completely honest here, at first , I took one look and lost all hope. The ""always onlinr thing so there are no hackers"" in my opinion is a bad solution, BUT, if you manage to ignore it's flaws and get the game to work, it is actually a great game!The new loot showing on your character is a nice step up, so is the crafting and some of the new abilities.Then there are dyes which you use to customise your armour and weapons.So on and so on.When it comes to the negatives, like I said earlier, the always online thing can lead to problems like lag and losing connection. The fact that you an no longer have a private tavern is dissapointing, although I can see what they are trying to do, they are trying to make the game more interactive and social etc...At the end of the day, as a owner of the orignal, I think this is a worthwhile purchase, both for new players and old veterans alike!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11695258,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Deep Thought,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Game is very much in Beta, which is a Joke considering its a Re-Release of a game thats been around for 3 years.Trendy have completly destroyed all the work there dedicated players have put in since the release of this game, and unless they plan on fixing this, id advise you STAY WELL AWAY or risk Trendy one day deleting everything youve managed to achieve on the game.Contempt with not only removing any progress current players had made on top of any ""play-ability"" this game had for exisiting end game players, with the current progression of loot changes in the lates patch, the game is practically impossible for New Players to even come close to getting to end game status."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364308,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Boneduster,"The game doesn't work, you get stuck in the main menu trying to connect to a tavern."
,Not Recommended,302270,17894925,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"I bought the entire Dungeon Defender collection including this one a little while back to support the company and what they do. i spent around $100 on all of it OFF sale just to show my support. I would not buy Dungeon Defenders Eternity Ever, because it is a poor copy of the same game you get in Dungeon Defenders Original, no one plays Eternity. You would be wasting your money, unless you just want to be nice and give Trendy Entertainment some money to show your support like i did, buying this is a really bad idea. I want them to come back to the original and do more with it, but as they did with Eternity, they are doing the same with DD2, they are ruining it. They had a winning recipe and kinda threw it out the window and abandoned it and then decided to do something stranger and different and it sucks. DD1 is king and always will be."
,Not Recommended,302270,11703137,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,DonuteatermaN,"Dungeon Defenders Eternity is trying to take a mostly well done, but at some parts flawed game and promise to make it much better! So far the promise... what they don't tell is that they are trying to implement a drm that is almost as bad as windows live. You are being forced to be always online.. wait in queue to ""host"" a private game. Offline is not a word anymore. The options menu has been dumbed down to texture quality and resolution.I could go on about how bad this ""remake"" is.. but I think you get the picture. If you want to play dungeon defenders, you might aswell buy the original."
,Not Recommended,302270,20443632,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,JTE,"A pointless money grab with no intention to follow through. This was like, an engine test for Dungeon Defenders 2."
,Not Recommended,302270,11436213,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Kriegen,"++ Likes:       Dungeon Defender DLC included... I got nothing else good to say.-- Dislikes:     Money Grab, Always Online, Connecting to Server Issues (Can't login, Can't find matches), Graphics (to much Bloom, detail feels lost), Same old Dungeon Defenders (Really nothing new), Visible Equipment (makes you look like a clown), No Private Taverns, Seperate overlay for finding friends, socializing, partying (feels disconnected and sloppy)Overall:          Don't buy it.  Just get the DLC for the first one if you want it and stick with that.  Two out of three days I couldn't login; so good luck playing the game.  Once your in the game you can't  get a match to load because more problems connecting to server.  This also applies to the new private match option they added.  If the server is overwhelmed you can't play in your own private match either.  So good luck to all those foolish enough to buy this.Learn from the mistakes of EA, Maxxis, and Blizzard people there is no need for always online requirements.  Honestly who cares if somebody decides to cheat and hack in this game?  It's not a competitive game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11612118,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Tyhoon,"If you plan on playing on a decent PC, do not buy this game!  Wait for humble bundle to sell the original at a discount, or trade around for a complete pack.The weapon balance that is advertized throws everything at you at once, pets included.There are no private rooms or lobbies where friends can meet up and chat, rather you'll have to deal with the one main public lobby everytime you want to play.There is no offline mode.Private games are automatically timed out after the final wave.About the only change that I can say I like is that survival is now time based.  Other than that, this version is inferior in every way compared to the original.  Let's not forget the CASH SHOP that sells you taunt animations and disposable bombs for real world money.This is scummy, and has left an impression on me.  I regret spending $6 on this poor port of a game that I love."
,Recommended,302270,11545004,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,CaptainJackSparrow,"STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY SINGLE PLAYER/OFFLINE.The game at current doesn't support single player play or local co-op. and features always-on online DRM and a cash shop. This is a very disappointing move.While single player has been enabled, you still need to always be online in order to play. There is no offline option.I'm sorry but this really wasn't necessary. I can't even play a game by my self if I wanted to. I don't see steam achievements. The new UI isn't really better. Not impressed.No single player, no cards, no workshop, no split screen, in game real money store, and ten other loads of all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy or you'll regret it.Edit: Ohhh, looks like they're trying to back themselves out, finally removed ""Single-player"" tag from the game.MORE edits: Now they're adding single player and private games, I mean I thought this was a finished product, not an early-access, shouldn't it just have been in the game to begin with? May as well mark my review as ""constantly in development"".More editsv2: Private games are in, just from a few minutes into it, I'm already displeased, what with a huge latency issue in the game, makes it dramatically worse when you're just moving around, and then suddenly get shoved back half a second later. They seem crazy about keeping the game ""secure"", but at woof cost? Though the new equipment system is fun to play around with, but I had trouble paying attention to it, what with hundreds of other new things going on, it's just too much too quickly. Still siding with DD1 over this currently.But all that does not matter well kinda its still fun :)"
,Recommended,302270,11546164,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,KZMK.Magikarl,It's basically my screensaver
76561198050179896,Recommended,302270,11485122,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheAngryGM,"First, before I get to the bad stuff, I want to say that this game is AWESOME. I'd highly recommend it for anyone who likes the Tower Defense, Action, or even FPS genres. It has a beautiful new look, good handling, excellent multiplayer... BUY THIS GAME!Now the down side. Trendy Entertainment created Dungeon Defenders, released it for 30 bucks originally, and released a TON of DLCs for it. Lots of new content came out frequently, but the patches were shoddy and the balance was meh. But now correct me if I'm wrong, but EVERYTHING they released for this new game, graphics, rebalanced numbers, maps, and so on... these were all things that could, and SHOULD have been done in patches to the game that oodles of people paid money for. Companies patch games for free. But what Trendy did was package a BOATLOAD of patches, then resold it to us as a new game. ON TOP OF THAT, they offered a ""discount"" to already-existing Dungeon Defenders players, which basically told us ""Oh hey... sorry you spent all this money on a game that's obsolete. We've patched the hell out of it, but you gotta pay to get the stuff that you expected with the game you BOUGHT. We're not going to apply any of these fixes to, what amounts to, a 70 dollar game. LAWLZ!"" So thanks, Trendy. I've bought this game because I like it, but that doesn't make this NOT a giant slap in the face."
,Not Recommended,302270,34096604,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Cash in the trash, it's the original with half the features stripped out, passed off as an expansion.  This is a scam."
,Recommended,302270,11365239,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Spero,"(My recommendation of this game is conditional, read the conclusion at the bottom)This is basically a tweaked version of Dungeon Defenders with a new infrastructure for online play called Playverse. So what’s good about it?The Good:There are some cool new features like Dash, Extra Spells from Items, Armor Asthetics, etc. All of these features are very much welcomed and are pretty fun. I do enjoy dropping down a lightning storm on a large group of minions that are knocking at the walls from an amulet I picked up. You can check out the features on the DD Eternity Website.Playverse seems to add more tools for online play. Also it’s probably the main reason for Eternity as it’s what Trendy plans to use for cross platform play, which seems pretty cool.At the time of this review I have only played to level 15, so I can’t speak too much for balance and security, but according to Trendy the items and are more balanced and the game has more protection from hacking (Most likely since it’s ran through Playverse).The Bad:As many have said, “No solo play”, at least I can’t find it. Trendy should realize some people like to test their skills solo and not be bothered by people using up all the defense points in poor ways or just getting in the way.Tooltips, Tooltips, Tooltips. How something so simple and prevalent in modern software seems to have eluded Trendy. There are tooltips but a lot of the new UI and the Playverse are missing these for a number of things.This leads me to documentation. There’s no help or anything explaining all the new things like Crafting, Dyes, Why do I start with 4 characters I did not create with numbers in their names, etc.You can't hide armor, or at least I can't find the option. There are some pretty cool costumes and it kind of sucks that you can't hide some ugly helmet with good stats that covers up a cool visor from your costume.When an inventory screen(like merchant or forge) and your mouse is over an item to read the description, if somebody walks past your mouse the description goes away and you have to move the mouse back and forth to get it back. Maybe a minor gripe, but something they should fix since taverns can be a bit chaotic.Notes:There are Micro-Transactions, though they are for aesthetic items only. Currently there are some problems with joining games, though Trendy is aware of it and working on it. Only happened once to me, I just retried once and it worked. The tavern is not private, which doesn't bother me, but may bother some. It's probably like that to make the game more social. This is basically treated as a new game, so you will be starting from scratch with a new hero. Previous dungeon defender one heroes will not be available.Conclusion:If you want to play Dungeon Defenders online, with more balance, security, some interesting new features and the above listed limitations (mostly no solo play, hopefully they’ll add itThey Did!) then I’d pick this up on a good sale. Otherwise wait for Dungeon Defenders 2 and play the previous one.Edit:Trendy has now enabledprivate sessions. When starting a level you can now select host private session. Also through the Playverse overlay (F11) you can then invite people to it."
,Recommended,302270,11978281,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,NeoGriim,Basically a fix for the original dungeon defenders.  I'd suggest this over the original right off the bat because it's got a stronger player base at this point but I found the original to be a lot more fun because this one took out the ability to increase your gun firing speed for the gun users.  But this one also includes all the DLC that the first one has you pay for.
76561198063138924,Recommended,302270,11962817,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,drag7399,"well im a big fan of the frist one this one is well lacking. the nerfs and the patches and updates seems like they really didnt learn from the first one. were they did make head way it was great. as of right now the game is broken and they should of put a beta infrom of this game instead of releaseing a "" a whole game release "". so until it gets straighted up i say there is about 40 hours of game play. then you will be stuck on the same map. which is okay for a bit then gets boring and the loot sigh thats all i got to say there. so would i recommand this game. right now i would say look at the games forums on there home page and see for your self."
76561198044788917,Recommended,302270,11409827,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tiraen,"While it started rough, I believe Trendy is making good progress with patching, finding, and fixing the various problems that the DD community is bringing to light. If you are a fan of the original game, I would say to give this one a chance, you might find that you like all the extra bits and bobs that you encounter."
,Not Recommended,302270,11423791,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Oliverwald,Game might be decent if you could ever join a tavern/game but as of right now i do not reccomend this game to anyone. Waste of money since it won't let you play. I'd give 0-1 stars out of 5(Edit) It seems that you can play about 1 match and then the server goes down for a day. The day i bought it i played 3 rounds then am unable to join a tavern then am kicked from the server. Today i play a round and the same issue. So far unhappy with issues that have arised. Dont do a microsoft on us and make us crash test it for you D:
76561197963465535,Not Recommended,302270,11365114,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,76561197963465535,What The Acual ♥♥♥♥
76561197982040230,Not Recommended,302270,21400924,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,I <3 the Biebs,"Never wrote a review before but they took out local co op with controllers, can't play with friends unless there is like 2 accounts on 2 different machines.  All the things that made Dungeon Defenders 1 great are not in this game.  Horrible, bought it to support trendy, but this game is so horrible, no split screen no support, just bad"
76561198003978387,Not Recommended,302270,11424017,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,*R.I.P*,"While the game itself is good, the UI, interface, loading screens, coop menu's and ease of partying up is completely broken. Its a shame, since once in game, its excellent for its genre - but its so hard to get past the menus. Solo is easier - and less reliant on the UI and menus."
76561198045338459,Recommended,302270,11527921,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Logi,"It's pretty much just the original with a changes, they aren't all good changes either"
76561197961560248,Not Recommended,302270,11620053,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Bionic,"Runs sluggish compaired to normal DD, feels like I'm playing a browser-based game.  Graphics arn't as sharp.  Few tooltip on items.  The game feels like something in alpha."
,Not Recommended,302270,11566433,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Anri,"Heed my word! Do not buy or play this game!If you do, there is a chance that you will play this game in a hardcore mindset: grinding for gear; looking for better loot.And then, you get screwed over. Your hard earned reward gets nerfed!It is evident here:http://forums.dungeondefenders2.com/showthread.php?117610-A-Note-For-This-Week-s-Patch&p=1050346#post1050346This game. Recieving on-going development will PUNISH the player.So if you feel like paying to get slap in the face. Buy this game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11583236,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,hasues,"Something was lost in translation.  I don't care for MMO client based games.  I'd recommend the game if one truly wanted to make Dungeon Defenders an MMO experience.  I guess after suffering the bugs of Dungeon Defenders on Linux and now seeing that the client functions, but still has issues, I can't get a feeling for it."
,Not Recommended,302270,11438152,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Wheerd,"A lot of bugs. Sometimes level don't load and I can't even join the tavern. Linux version doesn't seem able to save the settings and the mouse sensitivity is terrible, too. Better get the original game (if you already got it, ignore this new version)."
76561198053291428,Not Recommended,302270,11458904,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,abstractalchemist,"linux client doesn't work.  FIX THE GODDAMN LINUX CLIENT!!!!!!!!!!!Gameplay tweaks don't ""improve"" gameplay as far as i'm concerned current version rules are just fine.** UPDATED **Linux client seems to be fixed, but i still DON'T recommend this game if buying specifically for linux system since the ""solution"" is to download a shell script written by the ""community"" to fix a problem for a product that you paid Trendy for.  until this ""fix"" is bundled into the download, this is still a no-go."
,Not Recommended,302270,11588477,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Fornax,After updating the game using their custom launcher a black window shows up and nothing happens after.I've left the window open for half an hour but it just stays black until I close it. It also seems to download the game every time I open the launcher even if the version is the same.
76561198038247982,Recommended,302270,11556782,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dongo,I had fun with it seeing as how I loved the first one. I dont see why people are giving it so many dislikes. Wouldnt say its worth 10 dollars or whatever the price is but for 6 dollars since I like the game so much it was well worth it.
,Recommended,302270,11559337,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,RamenShogunate,yeah man
76561198086162469,Not Recommended,302270,11887125,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Warpfrenzy,Aside from the laggy and confusing interface. Partial controller support and most importantly no local co-op. Why design a game and remove features from the original. I will stick with the original Dungeon Defenders.
,Not Recommended,302270,11437570,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SHODANFreeman,Buggy and unfinished.The original Dungeon Defenders is a must-own.  This is junk.Don't buy this cash grab nonsense.
,Recommended,302270,11706928,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Stevezies,"Playing this version of DunDef makes me feel like I'm playing a beta version.  It feels really unfinished.  I absolutely despise the PlayVerse matchmaking system, there is no way to kick AFK/useless players, the feature to ""Find Active Games"" cannot be filtered decently, the crafting system seems like they started it and forgot about it, and overall my heart is broken.  I LOVE the original Dungeon Defenders.  I hope they keep working on this version, but as of now I would hardly consider this even at the level of ""Early Access"" for a game."
76561198003419507,Not Recommended,302270,21141496,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,7hawk77,"They made it look nicer, also making it way worse than the original."
76561198065557056,Not Recommended,302270,29771820,Posted: 7 February,all,iChaff,No offlne. I dont recommend
,Recommended,302270,11512307,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fiѕну,"Its almost as good as the original.You can no longer play several maps with random people, but they added some new maps and skills. Maybe they'll even change it back to the original!Get it on the sale, otherwise its a hmm hmm.."
76561198066738438,Recommended,302270,11519967,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ayero,"I don't understand why there is so much hate around this game, sure there has been some server issues and sure there are areas that could be improved but as seen by recent patches to the game they are obviously taking into consideration the issues  that the community feels are most important. The reviews presented on the front page are filled with DD1 fans with less than 3 hours game time in DDE, all you are reading from these people are first impressions on how DDE 'sucks so much' in comparison to DD1... They have to get over the fact that it is a different game and not literally a dlc for DD1. I currently have over 100 hours in DDE already and i'm still greatly enjoying it! I HIGHLY reccomend this game to any fan of the genre and i'm finding it a huge improvement on DD1(much more content)."
,Not Recommended,302270,11387549,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,🍔TekNiko🍟,"***BE WARNED*** This ""Definitive"" version does not have local co-op. That is my biggest disappointment on this game. Note to Trendy: When you use the marketing word ""Definitive"" it will lead people to believe that it doesn't lack any of the original features. I think local co-op was a core feature in the original Dungeon Defenders. I now know that the store page doesn't specifically say the game has ""local co-op"" but that's something sort of like finding the hidden fine print. I feel duped in that sense.Nevertheless, the game does offer a lot of interesting changes compared to the original game. I'm going to assume a lot here but based on what I can tell so far, the online multiplayer isn't via peer-to-peer connections anymore but rather each user connects to the playverse servers. I used to lag frequently when connecting to other people's games in the original dungeon defenders. But now I'm not. I can't confirm this at the moment though.With those two things being pointed out, I'd conclude that this game is heavily focused for online play and you should only buy the game if you enjoyed playing online with other people in the original DD. If you are like me and enjoyed playing this game on local co-op with your family, YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED. All of the other new and neat features just wouldn't matter because you can't play with the people that matter.PLEASE TRENDY. I would like nothing more than to play this version of the game in local co-op with my wife and kid."
76561198040615304,Not Recommended,302270,11420893,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ScaredyFox,"Give this game more time.  Right now, its nothing compared to the old Dungeon Defenders.  It might be better later, because they have features that can be quite amazing.... if the game works properly.Maybe later.  dont buy it yet."
,Not Recommended,302270,11378541,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,beardoof,"I was reading the reviews and thinking ""people are overreacting"". They aren't. you have to wait indefinently for people to want to join your game so you can actually play, and it depends on luck that there are people like that. You can't start a game with less than 3 people. Absolutely ridiculous considering how many options of maps there are. It's messy and also overloads my videocard (intel integrated D 4600) with mediocre graphics, when I can play games with better graphics in a smoother experience and with higher resolution. Thank god I bought this on sale.EDIT: They fixed the private matches so you can actually play now. Still, you can't customize your game too much. I finally got to play and the game is terribly glitchy. When I won my first match, I was stuck in the loading screen back to the tavern for hours. The original DD was much better and still is.EDIT2: So, they've started a weekly patch program as a response to the fans' feedback. To be fair, I'll try and keep the review up do date to the patches, since so many people are using these as reference to buying the game or not. I do have hopes that the game might go back to how good it used to be, but it still needs to grow. So far, I do not recommend it."
76561198002924587,Recommended,302270,11514776,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Obcodis,"I don't know what all the hate is about? I loved DD1 and I love this. $6.00 to support the devs building a free game in DD2. I will gladly pay that and for those whom have never played, $15.00 is a more than fair price."
,Not Recommended,302270,11382815,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Vercc |,if they remove stupid things like microtransactionsif they add nice things like offline play + steam achievementsit would really become a nice gameat this time its kinda suckyexcept the cheating thats been fixedhope they fix it
,Not Recommended,302270,11384732,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Cooties,"Super clumsy UI system to try and just play a game with buddies.Requires you to create an account and log-in to their own system which uses its own overlay to try and manage friends instead of just using Steam's friend list.Even once I got into a co-op game with a couple friends, it would kick us out of the game and back into a crowded public tavern between every map.I'll happily recommend a player to get the original Dungeon Defenders game to play with friends, but I haven't liked my first impression of this ""definitive edition"""
,Recommended,302270,11504120,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kebablo Escobar,"PPlease do not read any of the negative reviews from back when the game was first released. Most of the problems the game had back then have been fixed and features have been implemented to allow people to play single player.Most people with the 0.2 hours on the game that wrote a review did not give then game enough time. The game its self is a better version for me of the first game and as a bonus it comes with all the dlc and more content. At the time of writing this review nightmare mod has not been added. That for me is the only thing wrong with this game. Other than that the good is good, defiantly more balanced and I personally enjoy the new content and UI."
,Not Recommended,302270,11380724,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Omnipulse,"This isn't just the typical ""zomg tis gaem sukz"" review (or at least i hope it isn't) I Just don't like this, and i've spent over 300 hours in the original game. But the reason is not because of the game itself, but the actions that trendy have taken. I'll try to remain as unbiased as possible with my opinion on what trendy is trying to do.It just seems like a cash grab to me, I've already bought all of the dlc in the old game, then they go and release a ""definitive version"" with all of the dlc making my purchases worthless.On the issue of hacking, the thing about the original dungeon defenders is that you really don't notice the hacking unless your actively searching for it, if you get into a hacked lobby (never happens anymore) you can always just back out and go on your way. The only noticable measurement of hacking was the amount of Companion cubes (pseudo curreny) because of duplication, but that was it for the most part, and didn't have a noticeable impact on the game.If trendy really cared about hacking, then they should have patched the original game of the duplication bugs, or been more proactive about banning hackers themselves. Not release a completely new game, this is why I think they're just trying to milk money off of the name.There is also the fact that I spent that many hours getting my characters geared with decent gear so i can run nmhc, I'd really rather not have to start COMPLETELY over from the previous game, It's one thing if FPS's like COD do this because it's relatively easy to do well. But You can't really do that with Huge RPG's that people have spent a ton of time getting stronger in. If I felt like playing dungeon defenders I'd play the original, not this Mobile port knockoff.I'm not saying the game itself is bad, in fact he game itself might be decent, BUT I do feel that Trendynet is just trying to grab as much money as possible, neglecting the pre-existing community of the original game who have already bought all the dlc.This game was just unneeded, should have patched the original in my opinion. Lost a little faith in trendynet over this. Either way I hope this was helpful and unbiased, sorry if it wasn't."
,Not Recommended,302270,11380993,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,♐Monkey♥,"Don't.I love the original Dungeon Defenders too much to let Eternity destroy what could be an incredible, awesome experience for you.Go play the original.Eternity is a disheveled mess of menus, GUI, and terrible decisions made in attempts to please a niche group of Streamers and hardcore players. This game was remade and subdeveloped by a different studio using assets from the original game, while the host company, TrendyEnt, focuses on their sequel; Dungeon Defenders 2.-Menus are tangling and must be cycled to go through or escape.-Private games are done in-queue-Public lobbies prevent any ""down-time"" with friends-Gameplay is glitchy and ugly-All assets are STREAMED IN. You'll launch the game and notice all your textures are completely rubbish even set to the highest quality, because all the assets are downloaded as you play. Or rather, download as you struggle with understanding any of the information blasted at you in menus and decisions.This was all done in the name of contesting with cheaters and exploiters in the original game's Leaderboards.If you are looking to enjoy the incredible Dungeon Defenders experience, you WILL NOT find it here. A few extra maps in the campaign and Game-Of-The-Year compact DLC, marginal customization improvements, and any kind of ""rebalancing"" does not make up for this atrocity. Go buy the core game of Dungeon Defenders, ignore all the peripherals of ""DLC"" and ""expansions"", and enjoy it. If you find yourself wanting more, I urge you to buy the Crystal Shards expansion as well! But above allDoNOTbuy Eternity."
,Not Recommended,302270,11463656,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MessyBugatti,"This Game is Absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, if you want a GOOD bundle, buy the collection of DD1. Not this salty crap.First of all you don't have your own tavern which is ridiculous mainly because alot of people liked making buisness wth floor shops. Second, Summoners minions are now part of DU because they were so overpowered in DD1, however you can just reduce the damage for the minions and STILL get MU and DU. Third, the hero customization is wank, you now need to BUY dyes for your gear to change colour and so on. I don't like the armour system either, its all accessories and im pretty certain that you can no longer get sets of armour in this game anymore, do correct me on that one if it not right.I could complain about SO many things about this game, save your pennies if you don't have DD1 collection and buy it in the steam sale, this game is just a mobile port, MMO rip off and nothing more plus the UI is so confusing, do not buy this game, if it ISN'T updated, i guarantee it will fail. It already has lost potential"
,Not Recommended,302270,11443107,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Statboy,"Honestly not sure why this game was even released, they added a little DLC and took away a ton of content, making the content they took off purchasable by in game transactions (real money). They also switched to playverse, so you'll have to get a playverse account first.EDIT* Honestly if your trying to decide between DDE and DD1, just get DD1. Nothing they did from DD1 to DDE was an improvement it all hurt the game."
76561198021544775,Not Recommended,302270,11367731,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Titan Class X,"after spending an hour just trying to make a damn account (the game refuses to accept any name i try to give it, and the fourms offer no advice for this issue) i turn to the other reviews for help, and see all the other complaints from people who have played it. i completely regret this, and wish i could give this 6 dollars to a company more deserving."
,Not Recommended,302270,11429686,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mr. Ryan,"A step backward for Trendy. Online experience is shoddy and oftentimes won't let me join a tavern even to play single player. New UI is laborious. Seems significantly slower than the original. They added new features and don't explain how they work. My new egg is ready to hatch. Cool. I try to use it as an active item and it does nothing. When I click on it in my forge, it does nothing. As a big fan of the original, I was hoping for some fun here, but so far the experience has just been an exercise in frustration."
,Not Recommended,302270,15689173,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dirty Dinkster,"Summary:Basically, the game is good, but the features are just so out there and change too much. It left a bad taste in my mouth to be honest. It was fun, I'll give it that; but for 20 bucks, I expected it to have alot more content and actually extend the gameplay with higher levels. Instead, like stated, alot was changed, and alot was restricted. It doesn't feel fun to have restrictions on a coop game. This feels more like a F2P prototype for the first DD.Positives, negatives, and in the middle of the two:+ A few new maps, some from the community.+ New currency system. This is one of the few good ideas they had to be honest.+ Gear is phsyical. Equip it and it shows. You can make it invisible if you want, you just need to buy the ridiculously cheap invisible armor from the tavern keeper.+ Ability to dye items. This is good since you can make the weapon fit with your overall look.+ Physical dye. Work towards making your character unique!+ All classes and characters unlocked. Well that's nice. Another good idea.- No steam workshop for mods. Just microtransaction ideas for items people submit. Sad thing? No one submits anything. That's . . . Just sad. Why did they think people would help with this if they hate it so much?- No local multiplayer with a controler, and a rather dumbed down singleplayer thats nearly impossible.- Microtransactions for emotes and hats. I think this is a slap to the face since they wanted it to be like TF2 or any other social game we see with a vanity system.- Difficult to level. Extremely slow leveling speed.- Level 60 cap.- Gear is divided into levels of 8. Honestly, did they REALLY just think that was a feature that was a good idea? Now it's even HARDER to get past the easy maps. It's now nearly a REQUIREMENT to jump on a survival game built by a high level. God.- Skins are all unlocked at the beginning. All of them. Even ones that were unlocked by getting an achievment.- Pets given at the start include the cube everyone used as advanced currency before . . . Big slap to the face again. It stings that none of the starting pets can be upgraded or even be useful.- Very low enchantment/upgrade limit. 16 upgrades max?! That's insanely dumbed down, making it EVEN MORE IMPOSSIBLE for new players! Now they can't upgrade their low level gear with the gold they EARN.- No more minion units. ♥♥♥♥ing. Genius. I mean, theres no real reason we needed those, right?Except for building survival builds. And every other build. Yeah, good job Trendy, you ♥♥♥♥ed us over on that one. Now the summoner is useless as a builder; he used to be able to just decimate from using these minion units, now he's just basically a wimpy downgrade to any class.= New system that involves the requirement to have played that map or unlocked it in order to play a server with it.Now the rant. Oh boy.:. . . Why did I think this game was good when I was playing it, is the question. I mean, I played it because it's DD and I can't afford every single DLC and content pack for the original. I hoped this was going to be the same or at least like it, but it turned out I'm not the only one upset that it's entirely different. Oh no, it turns out, everyone agrees. It's sad to see that 'Mixed' score on DDE, then look at DD1+DD2, and see 'Very Positive' on both. Just utterly sad; the people who remade DD were probably entirely different devs than the people who made it. Otherwise, the qaulity check is long overdue and Trendy needs to try to seriously reconsider the 'rebalanced' idea.In a game about coop set in a rpg, is rebalancing things really needed? Furthermore, are tower defense games supposed to be neccesarily 'balanced'? Doesn't it take away the fun to survive onslaught after onslaught of orcs, goblins, and ogres with your friends as you both become stronger? Yes. Trendy, remove the balancing. If anything, we need to bring back the DD1 core experience back if we want this community to survive. It's a good game, don't get me wrong, but unless it's reverted to its golden days of DD1 in terms of experience, it's going to be dead like DRM games usually are."
76561198025051631,Not Recommended,302270,15056050,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Roxtar Ryan,"Game appears to be unsupported a mere 8 months after release. Still numerous bugs in the game, everything from visual bugs, to enemies spawning in locations or getting stuck where they cannot be killed and you have to restart the entire level, to not being able to progress in the game at all due to levels that are required to be completed not loading.It does not bode well for this developer that they drop support for a game less than a year after release because they are working on a sequel, making me hesitant to purchase anything else from them. Couple that with the fact that this game requires an internet connection, has an additional Playverse overlay that forces you to create yet another login/password to memorize and be concerned about having it compromised when they are inevitably hacked, and that all of your characters are stored on their servers (with no option to import them locally) makes this a big no-no purchase."
,Recommended,302270,11404407,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,John,"I don't think the price is right, since DD2 soft launch might just be this year. And I understand why people feel cheated, when this is basically the base game that most of us owning DD1 has, but with a few more extra features. Seems like they are preparing for DD2 with this game, would be right if this was free, like DD2 will be. Or at least free for DD1 owners. I don't think milking your community is the right way of building steady bridges and trust.It is a far better experience than DD1, but I just don't think charging for this is not right IMHO."
,Recommended,302270,11408828,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nemesis Revenger,Good Game :D
,Not Recommended,302270,22751088,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ATH-KMB™,"Was kinda disappointed that this was a stand-alone remake, rather than really adding anything new, nor did it port over your old characters so that was a big restart.If you haven't played Dungeon Defenders or don't mind starting new with more polished graphics and some extra missions, I'd suggest grabbing this, but only on sale.If you already own the original, I'd save the money and just skip to DDII."
76561198005464961,Not Recommended,302270,11444031,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,oGsShadow,Servers can't handle the amount of people accessing them. Currently unable to play either multiplayer or private matches. I own DD1 so for $6 it's not the most money I've ever spent on a bad purchase but until they fix at least the servers I can't even play the game that I just bought.
,Not Recommended,302270,11452412,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,skipnyip,"As of right now, I cannot recommend this game. I've played the origional Dungeon Defenders, and the number of bugs and glitches in this one do not out-weigh the benifits of slightly rebalanced costs and mana chest changes. I have a feeling this game will get better with time, but I would consider it to still be a Beta."
76561198070135556,Not Recommended,302270,11444894,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,rjthebarbarian,"Some good things added like equipment changing your character's appearance, but more bad things added weighing it down like more drm on top of steam with playverse(or whatever). No apparent single player or offline mode, a cash shop to customize our characters with things like dyes when in the original that was free as part of creating the character, and if you played the original your progress does not carry over.However if you have never played it, it has the nice feature of being able to cross play it with your phone or tablet or something. But the network was not perfect at launch and there have been some horrer stories of losing characters, though I haven't had any big problems.Don't get me wrong, it's a ton of fun,(especially with friends) but so was the original and it's essentially the same game. I marked that I would not recommend this game but it really depends on you, like I said it's still a fun game."
76561198055938855,Not Recommended,302270,11444750,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,AbracaDaniel,The original Dungeon Defenders feels like a more polished version of this game.
,Not Recommended,302270,11452042,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Minty,"Their is loads of hate on this ""upgraded"" version of DD 1, There is some fantastic imporvements to the game such as you can see the armor you are wearing, it is more secure and more, howerver despite the new weapons, pets and other new tools, i would classify it as an Update than a New Game. I do find the new HUD hard to pick up because i am used to the old one and i do  not like the multiple people in a tavern, and i dont like the small server list but what i do LOVE is amount of loot that drops, and not using mana as currency. Overall i find if you have played the original its a bit hard to get into and u generally might not like it, but if you have never played any Dungeon defneders game i believe you would find it much more exciting than the old one, REMEMBER THIS IS AN OPINION NOT A STATEMENT.... Ffs... dont shout at me"
,Not Recommended,302270,11435206,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Toast,nope
,Not Recommended,302270,11440477,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,stonehz,simply not  ready yet!
,Not Recommended,302270,11444125,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Kaede Akamatsu,"No split-screen co op, controller works, but not with the menus. These are actually deal breaking things for me, but it's too late since I already bought two copies of it. As for the game itself, I haven't played much of it yet, but for these things alone, I can't reccomend it. Hopefully they fix this in the future."
,Not Recommended,302270,11448544,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Travman,Seems like a step from the other version.
,Not Recommended,302270,11449081,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,TimeWhale,"Bad 360 controller support, no local co-op, cant play alone, did not really get to try this game since i could not do local co-op. (No fun without friends....)"
76561198037330017,Not Recommended,302270,11543163,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,FreestyleOMG,DD1 is far more enjoyable and superior in many ways.
,Not Recommended,302270,11622792,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Skyler,"This game is not worth the time or money.I don't have a lot of time to play games recently but when I do, I expect them to work. I have 9 hours on record, probably 2-3 hours is downloading from their servers, trying to connect or general patching. When I buy a game I expect it to work, I have been extremely disappointed with the service provided.The gameplay is exactly the same. I was promised more things, new difficulties, hardcore and essentially a new game, I was lied to. This is the exact same game, maybe a new level or so at the end? I don't know I didn't get there, but there isn't a new ""nightmare"" mode or ""hardcore"" mode even though it has helpful hints that better stuff drops in those modes. This game is not complete and not worth the money.I cannot stress this enough, DO NOT buy this game. I wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,302270,11537989,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,GamingChocobro,"Now. As a player of the original Dungeon Defenders, I looked forward to this. Now, unlike everyone else.. ranting and raving about how Crap this is. Let me start off with the good stuff.1: You don't have to pay to unlock all the characters. They are all there ready for you.2: The UI for your Character Sheet is much better. It allows you to easily swap over gear3: The bonus of your armour ACTUALLY changes when you put it on. For EG: I picked up a crown and I saw the crown on my charaters head.4: The abillity to create a character and name it without having to go out of the game and back to the menu to name it, colour it, and all that.5: The open tavern. Alot don't like the idea as Whining, Rude people, Noobs and such. The open tavern is a place where people can meet up, stuff like that instead of having a game on a menu to pick from. and not knowing who you might be playing with. At least with the open tavern, you can get a rough idea.6: The abillities. Nothing makes Dungeon Defenders like the placement of towers and useage of abillities. That is still all there, but with a little more. There are now ingame items which can be used to assist gameplay. Of course these can be bought from the tavernkeeper, or you can find them randomly drop from Goblins, Orcs, Dark Elves and the such or from chests.7: The Character Model. The Character sheet now has a model of your character. It allows for 360* rotation to view all angles of your character.8: Cross-Platform. Got a friend who is waiting for a new PC? Well why not buy them a copy of Dungeon Defenders Eternity on a different platform and let them play with you.9: Same classic music... it even sounds clearer10: The map selection is easier to traverse11: The portraits of the parents look better12: When dying, you have 6 colour slots instead of 3 making for more customization13: (Just Played Multiplayer) The drops are individual and so are the chests. no longer shared manaNow that I belive I have done all the Pros, its time for the cons.1: Lack of instant customization. Sure you can pick a skin to use on a hero, but to customize it more, you need to buy Dye from the tavern keep. Oh If you make a mistake, buy a bucket of white wash and start again with buying more dye.2: Limited Skins. Heroes have custom skins, but they are limited.3: One Server. From what I can tell, there is one server.4: The Cash Shop. Yep, the annoying Cash shop to get more stuff. Usually associated with Pay 2 Win games. Though in Dungeon Defenders Eternity, it is thankfully only for cosmetics.5: While an open tavern is good, It also does have its cons. With an open tavern, The abillity to move around is hard. The lack of space to find friends, or even preview your character are hindered.6: Online. Now, I know you might rage at this, saying online is a con? well, It is and it isnt. The con of the online is that if your not connected to the internet, you can't play.7: Currency. You no longer use Mana crystals. You use gold coins to buy stuff which you find randomly in chests and from enemy drops and buy sellling old gear. (Not to sure about after completing a wave or a map as my game wasn't completely downloaded when I stated to play)8: Wait time. You join a game wether its private or public and you have to wait.9: It doesn't use Steam UI for invites10: You can't customise your Crystal11: The Defence Units are shared among all players, including those playing summonerThere are more pros and cons, but as of this time of what I have played, This is all I can give. I am bound to do another Review after more playtime.Now, Some people might like the original Dungeon Defenders and hate this, or vice versa or like both. It doesn't matter as everyone is different. So I am not going to say YES buy this or NO don't buy this. I will let you decide if you want to buy it or not. I wouldn't based your decision on the reviews, but on videos on gameplay, demos or trying it at a friends place. But as a gamer and lover of Dungeon Defenders (note Dungeon Defenders was one of the first games I bought on steam when it first came out many years ago near christmas) I would recommend this if you want to just have fun without the worry of paying for more characters, maps, skins etc."
,Recommended,302270,11519174,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Rykari,"I would like to add some counterweight to the terrible review this has recieved.DD1 is a fantastic game with well designed and fun content that will keep you engaged for hours. This is simply an extension of that game and it has essentially been rebuilt from the ground up in a manner that could provide a better and more secure environment.Originally Eternity did not release with single player mode enabled however this has been changed. They were appologetic about the decision and admitted that it was a mistake. Here's a part of that blog:""Single player and private sessions now availableBlog - July 22, 2014 - By Brad Logston, Senior Producer of the Dungeon Defenders FranchiseHey Defenders. We have just enabled Single Player and Private Sessions to Dungeon Defenders Eternity tonight.Turning off Single Player/Private match in our initial release of Eternity was related to our fear that the server costs would be exponential, and cause us to lose significant money. We realize that jeopardizing the loyalty of fans far outweighs the risk of profit – and it was a mistake.""A I already own the original, I've only had to pay £4, which is nothing really. If you do not and pay the full amount then you're about to experience the best of a fantastic game with none of the issues that existed before (such as people hacking their characters to get hacked op stats and bad internet games hosted on other peoples machines). It's no longer an issue because the information is stored on dedicated servers (which they could not afford before due to being a new company)If you read many of the negative comments they all seem to be displeased about things that have allready been resolved or things that are kind of inconsiquential."
76561198113755019,Not Recommended,302270,11866309,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,boothby,i tried to play it but it kept  saying that error please try again later
,Recommended,302270,11938848,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Moyasu,"So the biggest complaint is about microtransactions for emotes that didn't even exist in the original and in no way impact the game aside from aescethics simply because this can theoretically turn the game F2P. Also I've yet to expeirence this lag(stutter) that people have been complaining about. Although offline mode doesnt exist, host a private sessions does exist if you don't want to play with p.u.ps. The big change armor people were complaing about a couple of patches brought the gear more into line so that there wouldn't be a W.O.W effect to it. Honestly I haven't seen nor expeirenced one complaint that can justify the amount of hate on this game. The word choice of definitive was in poor taste simply because it only refers to the fact you don't have to purchase any game changing content (i.e new characters, maps) but we do get FREE CONTENT PATCHES."
76561198045604539,Recommended,302270,11554926,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Chuckchuk,"Great Game, But origionally I thought it was Dungeon Deffenders II. HOWEVER! no harm done, since DD II will be Free to Play!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11434260,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,taggART,"Game has been out less than a week, and already  It has Issues, Unable to Join The Online Tavern (means You CAN NOT PLAY)  so when its down,  NO PLAY FOR YOU)it is nothing more a LITE VERSION of the original game  with some features that they should have just added to the original/.. AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE"
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,302270,11434620,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Just going what they advertised here.New Content: 5 new maps (3 campaing, 1 user made, 1 challenge on one of teh first 3)Visible armor system (uuh shiny!)consumables  and amulets (unbalanced)New Features: Secure dedicated servers for anti-hacking protection (that run as well as the old one did but now have to do 50000times the work ....... )Dyes and Crafting system (jay)Pet hatching and growth system, with activatable abilities (more random petness)Dashing and manteling systems for better mobility (wuuuhuuu i am lagging)Weapon swapping between two weapon sets  also wear all armor pieces as every class (unbalanced)Community tavern, Quickmatch feature (annoying and fun all in a bun, also madatory or you take extra waiting time for your solos)Cross-Platform play (who cares? and why do i get the crappy tablet interface for my pc?)34 new equipable emotes (not included with purchase of base game) (jay real money store with more to come later)Rebalanced Gameplay: Rebalanced missions for shorter match times, less farming, and more interesting enemy clusters (still takes long, still is easy, still has you grind .... but now in levels because splitscrren and survival are gone)Rebalanced stat system, so increasing stat points in the end game has a larger effect (and we only get to lavel 60 ... or will tere be a DLC? maybe in the real money ingame store)Rebalanced, instanced loot system that drops less loot at higher quality (and vanishes faster also now not careing about the item level in the process)A revised Survival Mode, with shorter play times (1 hpur, 1 wave. no use to gain exp here anymore)A revised Hardcore Mode with better rewards and perma-death (no moregood old hardcore mode (original DD) at all but a mode you can join with any char to have it die forever. kind fo fun but useless with hard-softcore swapping chars.)A revised User Interface (userinterface for your ipad, shiny big buttons, slow and best useable with 1 finger on your screen!)"
76561197991328745,Not Recommended,302270,11434696,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Flutterchai,"While the game is nothing more than a repackage DLC of the original, the changes made to trendynet make it unplayable.Do not get unless you enjoy constant server lag, d/c issues, and content inaccesibility."
,Not Recommended,302270,11435256,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Insanemal,"At this point no.I can't even get into the game. Which is always a good sign....No local multiplayer?Do you even know what made the first game awesome???Seriously, fix yo♥♥♥♥♥♥foo."
,Not Recommended,302270,11435622,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,StrifeCorps,Believe the commenters.
,Not Recommended,302270,11441640,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Darkjeremiad,"I cant recommend the game right now for the following reasons.1) The game will not load - when you connect to the client you get an error connecting to playverse, and cant even exit the game.2) You cant create an account to post on their tech support forums, they say they are using an anti-forum-spam database, and that since they cant connect to the database they cant let you into the forum.This has been affecting my ability to even try the game for a few days, and its really off putting that they have no way of being contacted except a locked out forum."
76561198008861255,Not Recommended,302270,11462331,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,K3$H4,If you like the first Dungeon Defenders then don't buy this hacked together POS.
,Not Recommended,302270,11463311,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Liam𒅬𒅒𒅑𒁥𒀱𒀰,"does not run on linux. even if you resolve all dependencies, you still get a black screen"
,Not Recommended,302270,11434462,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Danidinger ┐(‘～`；)┌,"At the current state of the game right now, no.I love the Dungeon Defenders games and I was so excited when I saw this.However it's all very basic and nothing really has changed with the game. Except queues to get into the one tavern that seems to exist.Don't make your fans pay for an updated version of a game they already play."
76561198004790380,Not Recommended,302270,11434728,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dongorvski,"the game is amazing as the original, more so even.However I have spent 90% of my time in game simply trying to get into the lobby to ♥♥♥♥ing play. They are happy to take your money but are unwilling to use some of it to buy more Servers and a bigger pipe to run it on. I am dreading DD2 coming out if they can't even get the games they have to run reliably or not be full of hackers.Do not buy this game unless Trendy makes a solid effort to improve it's customer service and is willing to handle the amount of players that actually play the game adequately."
,Not Recommended,302270,11471134,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hero,"Apparently we are paying for updates now -_- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, The first one is better, and its only a matter of time before people hack this one.. every game gets hacked, this one you just pay $6-$20 to be hacked a little less, and plus you also pay to be able to use micro transactions, YAY"
76561198029286994,Not Recommended,302270,11434612,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TooMuChC4 [DK],"The game looks good both gameplay and graphicsBUT, first you have to make a seperated account (it will link to you steam account but it is still annoying), then there is large problems with joining the game servers and setting up game sessions.I tried for 2 hours or so to set up/join game sessions, NO FAT CHANCEUnless all this gets fixed. DON'T BUY"
76561198063062922,Not Recommended,302270,11434505,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tzeetzch,im tryed to play the game now for 2 hours and did 2 rounds. im disapointed
76561198033881765,Not Recommended,302270,11436106,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Trollytos,Server too small. kicked me out every 5 mins.  no worth it until server is bigger.
76561198145251835,Not Recommended,302270,11457285,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Yummybanana5,"Whenever I first open the game to play it, the loading screen comes up and it says i have 100% of the game downloaded but when i hit the red box with the play symbol inside it, the game crashes.ANYONE ELSE HAVING A PROBLEM WITH THIS TOO?fix this now.Really plz just fix.Plz"
76561197963492159,Not Recommended,302270,11436180,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,breadcrummz,I really love the DD concept and I played the original DD for almost 300hours.But the fact that there is no option to turn off texture streaming is utterly frustrating.You have to wait for everything to load. You can't read skills or itemicons or anything without streaming for half a minute.And you have to restream EVERYTIME when you start the game again.Im not going to play this until this useless 'feature' is gone. Can't recommend this game at this stage.
,Recommended,302270,11484684,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hq800,"I think that Dungeon Defenders Eternity is worth it if you have the last game, or not. It's basically Dungeon Defenders 1.5, it comes with all DLC and character skins, a new update and cross platform! So if you had no DLC in the last game or never owned it, this is what you should get"
76561198001198165,Recommended,302270,11502668,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,waylander2802,"Ok this review is for you if you:A) Loved the first gameB) Ran it sort of ok on your PC that was just about up to the jobC) Read all the early reviews and thought...........I better not risk itLike you I was excited about the release of a rebalanced/updated version but having red the reviews slating every aspect of the game and complaining about how it runs (I saw a guy with a great graphics card and 16G of ram saying it ran slow) I decided to give it a miss.Unfortunately for me, my daughter is a massive fan of the original and pestered me to give it a try and I'm glad I did.My Laptop (Not a swear word) is only i5 with intel hd graphics and 3G ram. I could run Dungeon Defenders fine (Lower settings) at about 30 fps. Dungeon defenders etternity both looks and runs better (At similar lower settings) so thats one worry down.The changes to the game are mostly good. The game plays well and there is more loot than ever before. The multiplayer both sets up and plays better and each player has there own individual chests and loot pick ups (So no loot ninjaing. Although that was fun at times) which makes for a better multiplayer experience. The shared tavern is not a terrible addition as many claim, it is a little annoying fighting your way to the bar but its a small grumble. I don't like the new menu systems for items (Its very small sometimes even when displayed through my massive TV) and having all your costumes as items gets in the way. I like the new hatching and leveling up of pets and visibility of armor etc. Consumables seem a bit pointless but it might be I need to use them a bit more to get the point. But these points aside this IS the game you know and love in a new updated version for you to grind through. If you made a little 'whoop' when you saw this on steam but then changed your mind, change it back. Its all good. All the chracters costumes and levels you want plus extras and the new permadeath hardcore mode is awesome.PS Dont fear the microtransactions......so far its pointless not play to win. Remember you DON'T need that emote!"
76561197998453150,Recommended,302270,11512460,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kenshin Himura,"Dungeon Defenders: Eternity, a sort of hold over title released by TrendyENT to test out their playverse system and to tide Dungeon Defender fans over until the awaited sequal releases, is quite the game.Eternity holds true to the core game in that you grind through numerous dungeons... Kill tons of enemies and bosses... and farm for even better loot to upgrade and destroy ""The Old Ones"" with. That said, the game has been changed around plenty enough to give a new feel to even the most veteran of defenders.Added to Eternity are a plethora of new systems and tweaks that really give the game that fresh coat of paint it deserves. Eternity starts you off with all 12 of the games classes right off of the bat, as well as all of the maps from the core game, and the download packs(holiday maps aside) rolled into one. On top of that it starts you off with several costumes unlocked, with some being put behind achievement walls giving you something extra to work towards just as you had to with the first game. Aside from the characters and maps, TrendyENT added in a much welcomed dodge mechanic that allows you to jump out of harms way in an instant, so long as you have the energy for it. Both hero and monster damage has been reworked, the overall games balancing has been given some loving, and the overall display has been given a fresh look. The game also features new maps not seen in the core game or in any of it's downloadable packs, as well as a new looting and crafting system. Gone is the mana bank and coins have taken their place. Coins can be used to upgrade weapons, buy items/consumables that you can use in battle, and even to purchase colored dyes which can be used to recolor practically every inch of your character in numerous ways. The pet system was also given an overhaul, as you now collect pets by gathering eggs mid-battle and hatching them. You'll never know what pet species you'll get until it hatches!My only real gripe with the game so far is it's launcher. The launcher itself is horrible... It can take quite a while to download a patch, or the core game resources, which most will find to be annoying. Aside from that the game feels, looks, and plays like Dungeon Defenders, but better. I've spent roughly 15 hours at this point actually playing the game, and it's a purchase I most certainly do not regret!!I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys Action RPGs, Loot grinding games(similar to diablo and borderlands), Tower Defense games, Co-op titles, and fantasy styled games. It's a lot of fun, and even more so when you play with friends. With plenty of maps, challenges, and classes (With more maps coming soon for free), there is always a ton to do in Etheria.Happy Defending, and see you in the Playverse!8.8/10"
,Recommended,302270,11521340,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TOYSIPO2,"I don't understand all the hate this is getting. This game's base mechanics are so similar to the origional that it's extremely difficult for me to even think this was ported TO mobile. Besides, it seems you need gamepad attachments for your phone or something, so why even play it on a phone or anything if you're just gonna slap on some gamepad bits... This is a game that's available on mobile, but doesn't CATER to mobile. Stop calling it a ""cheap port from mobile"", because that's totally not what it is.Anyway, my friends and I were a bit skeptical at first because of all the horrible reviews here, but after we bought the game, well, you can see how we liked it from the eighty hours I've clocked in. It's a good game with a few balancing issues still, but they've shown alot of real effort towards balancing progression, stats, gear, and all that fun stuff. It's alot better than it was in DD1.Why's everyone complaining about summoner? Him having his own personal DU pool was just absurd from a game design perspective. He's no longer OP and uses regular DU like everybody else. I mean sure, he can't attack, but that's kinda the reason his soldiers can move. RTS-em-up, yaknow?They added amulets (which act as standalone spells) which are pretty nice. They even made new assets and everything for them, it's great. They also help give the player more power to do stuff and aid in balancing out the game. Sure, some have trolling potential, but just get together some friends and play yourselves then.Public tavern/hub world. I was cool with it, it's not gonna kill me to holler at a few people for friks and giggles, and helps the tavern not be creepily empty like it was all the time in DD1.If you liked DD1, you'll like this. Also, the ""cash shop""? Just a bunch of emoticons as of the time of this review, they're not even worth buying and don't affect the game at all. Dunno if it'll be expanded upon, but right now nothin really freemium or microtransaction-y has happened.It has always-online servers, and you can only play online. Don't get the complaints about this; this is how MMOs work. Yeah, this isn't an open-world MMO persay, but you could call it an MMO. Plus, when Trendy's servers DO bite the big one, they'll hopefully pass the torch to dedicated servers or something. If they don't, well, SOMEONE's gonna do something about it since this game is online-drivin (at the moment of this review). I don't think they'd just shut the game down and lose all the potential customers. Matchmaking for the game derps now and then, but even big companies have server problems, so should we REALLY bash an INDIE company over such a trivial issue?No splitscreen yet, the game's being ""developed"" in a way, as in it's still receiving updates (which is something you should expect from an online MMO-esque game). Splitscreen was initially removed due to exploits involving it from what I've gathered.I keep calling it ""MMO-esque"" and the like because, while the public taverns are where you see the bulk of players, each actual game map supports 1-4 players, barring some huge maps which allow 1-6 players if I recall correctly. If you can't deal with trolls or the incompetence of the players in public servers, just get some friends and host private matches.Content is streamed in, instead of downloaded all at once. Honestly, I prefer it this way. It means I don't have to wait an hour for the game to download if I want to play right away. On the other side the content has to download when you get to it, but I'm cool with that. Core game mechanics are loaded right away, so you won't be bumbling around in a disjointed mess or anything.Again, this game has a few balancing issues still, but givin the nature of everything I feel that most of them will be ironed out at some point. The game's still a hell of a lot of fun, and it'd be a shame not to give it a try. Don't listen to those clowns who only clocked in under an hour, or barely over an hour, of playtime. Listen to a real Dungeon Defender....Besides, if you've owned DD1, discounts stack. I got this for six bucks. That's like, a happy meal at mcdonalds or something. It won't bite back, trust me.(Oh yeah, by the way, this game has all the relevant DLC of DD1 pre-installed. Knock yourself out, buddy.)"
,Recommended,302270,11540040,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Phantom1421,"Great Game and has the potential to be even better.Edit: This game, while fun when it came out has died to almost nothing sadly."
,Not Recommended,302270,11434682,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,JonnyTrump,"I have spent, as of writing this review, about 1 hour in game. I have 6 hours on record, but about 3 of them were downloading, since the Steam download is essentially just the launcher.What were the other 2 hours? Well, in all honesty, I've spent 2 hours collectively trying to connect to their servers. I got a single map in today. While trying to return to the tavern, a familiar ""you have been forcibly removed from the game"" message appeared. I don't even know what that means, but I'm guessing it's a way of saying the connection timed out designed to make the player feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥. When somebody's forcibly removed, you imagine some obnoxious guy getting kicked out of a store or club by security, not somebody that's having issues connecting to a server. That aside, I haven't been able to connect to a game since today. It's been like this since I got it. I get to play a little, then I'm forcibly removed from the game. Of course, if this were like the original Dungeon Defenders, I could just play single player if I wanted and still play the game at least, but nope, not an option. Between that, the addition of microtransactions in a B2P game, and the inclusion of a second type of log-in after Steam make me kind of wish I could just get my money back and leave this mess behind, and hope that when DD2 comes out, they make some improvements on this system they have.All the complaining out of the way, there are some really great things here. The addition of 4 slots for consumables like potions or, which I prefer, amulets, are an amazing addition. The amulets give you little magical abilities at the cost of mana, like AoE lightning, of a fireball, or healing. The consumables have a variety of effects, ranging from potions of mana that give you additional mana, to holy hand grenades which just deal explosive damage. Before my last forceful removal from the game, I'd picked up a couple of pet eggs, which made the removal even more painful. They were drops after completing a level, and apparently you hatch pets in this game by putting them in one of your 4 amulet/consumable slots and getting exp. That was exciting to me, and I couldn't wait to see what I got.Also, to their credit and to defend the second log-in, they seem to have included TwitchTV streaming. Or, at least, I saw an option that had a sign-in for it and a ""start stream"" button. That's cool, now there might be a good number of DD streamers to help bolster the community.Overall, as the game is, it needs some work. Maybe buff the servers, or let there be an offline mode, even if it's completely separate from the online in terms of characters and loot and stuff. I'd probably recommend it if I could play it steadily, and since I can play larger games without connection issues, I don't think the problem is entirely on my end. I am prepared to edit my review, though, with future updates and any improvements they make, because this game has potential, and there are a lot of things I'd love to see from this game in DD2."
,Not Recommended,302270,11442339,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,starscream415,since i downloaded it i havent been able to play it and by that i mean the game doesnt connect me to the tavern. i have deleted it and will concider downloading it again if it gets fixed. as of now i dont recommend it
,Not Recommended,302270,11434970,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,UGHANDAN SOLDIER ZULUL,"""stable servers"" my♥♥♥♥♥ you can't ever connect and when you do you disconnect again.Stay away from this pile of crap.-10/10"
,Not Recommended,302270,11436919,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,RyanQ,"This was an amazing game, and this update provides a nice fresh coat of paint and mechanics re-work, but it's all overshadowed by one of the most awful user community and social game intergrations ive ever encountered. Get ready to make another account you dont want and have your lobby filled with a bunch of players staying in your way and slowing down your computer. It's basically a terrible version of team running on top of the game, running on top of steam.Trendy entertainment has really hurt the entire experience of their classic game in an effort to try and make it more social.It's hard to say if it's worth it. If you can get this update for less than $10 than give it a try, but I can't recommend this over the classic experience. I recommend playing the regular version, this update is a step in the wrong direction."
76561197985996479,Not Recommended,302270,11434737,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Jasonbdj,dosent work basiclly (DONT BUY!)
76561198021471207,Not Recommended,302270,11436362,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Xx_Avenger_xX,"Right now, this game is a prime example of how not to do online DRM / matchmaking.In the pursuit to eliminate cheaters, Trendy in their infinite wisdom re-released this updated versions of the game with their new Playverse backend, requiring everyone to connect to a Public Online Tavern Area.Here lies the problem with this game at the moment: If the tavern does not load due to server issues there is no way to play the game at all. Even if you want to play solo .. you still have to connect to this public tavern area to be able to start a mission.For several days since launch people have had this issue, and no reliable fixes in sight.If you can log in the game is fun and performs very well indeed. If you already have the original Dungeon Defenders .. do yourself a favour and stick with that until they sort out these ridiculous connection issues.Can't recommend this game till they fix this game breaking issue."
,Not Recommended,302270,11437233,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Gerzie,"It's slow, buggy, has in-game purchases, I get random errors that just say ""undefined"" when I enter a tavern (only public taverns as well), and the game is still unbalanced.Buying the original game is a much better idea.Update: I've been waiting a little over 4 minutes to start the first level in a private game. This is nonsense.Update: Still unable to get into an actual map and play the game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11365085,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jon Snow :^),oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god.
,Not Recommended,302270,11390808,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pew.se,"Can't really recommend this instead of normal Dungeon Defenders... Lots of waiting times to start games, no ability to kick AFK players, no couch co-op, no private tavern..."
,Not Recommended,302270,11596044,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MM209,"Game doesn't save your progress properly, expect to spend many hours playing to have it all lost because when you return to the tavern your character will suddenlly lose all its progress robbing you of all the hard earned xp, loot and time spent playing the game.For something that is suppose to be the ""definitive"" edition of a game that has been around for years you'd think they would have fixed game crippling bugs like this long ago.Avoid this game, you'll be better for it.I'm disinclined to support this company again in the future."
,Not Recommended,302270,11373605,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Pancake,"1. Download the game from steam, load ""game"".2. Launcher appears, downloads ""game"".3. Load Game, downloads assets - everything is blurry while it decides to download a movie BEFORE game textures. Until this movie has downloaded, you cannot even play a single level because it hasn't downloaded it yet!I have a 100Mbps connection (that can be maxed out with the right servers), the download times are terrible.Don't bother with this game. DONT"
,Not Recommended,302270,11373823,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Rob Graham,"Ok i'm on the fence on this one.... In some ways DD Eternity is BETTER then the original game, it's not another Unreal Engine start up, it's on it's own dedicated engine.. Despite what people say while it's multiplatform it looks BETTER then the original Dungeon Defenders..HOWEVER....  The actual discription and other items for this game are deceptive. I will list everything that is DECEPTIVE about the game below.1. There is NOTHING here to tell you that you MUST be ONLINE to play this, the original Dungeon Defenders let you play OFFLINE and LOCAL network.2. There is NOTHING here to tell you that your going to be STREAMING 99.99% of the ASSETS on the FLY, that's right you get a 40mb dl then you have to STREAM the rest of the game, this is MAJORLY wrong.3. This is meant to be a fully paid for game.. yet it has a 'Cosmetic' Cash Store in it.. Which it SHOULD NOT have at all.. if you pay for a game you pay for the game, not part of the game.4. Trendy Have been deceptive in how they handled the release, how they put up information, etc.. These guys have seriously LOST a lot of the respect the community had for them.. OVERNIGHT.Trendy Need to remember that not every one wants to be online while they play a game, there are a lot of defense personnel who game, who can NOT always be online, there are a lot of people in areas with POOR internet that can not always STREAM content, while you can understand the harder stance against Hacking and Cheating, Trendy have taken what people loved, the ability to CONTROL THEIR GAMING EXPERIANCE, and said you MUST PLAY OUR WAY ON OUR SERVERS or not at all.Bad move Trendy... I was gonna buy DD2, you just lost a customer unless you return it back to how Dungeon Defenders ORIGINALLY played."
,Not Recommended,302270,11400863,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Famrid[FR],"The steam page says solo play, but it is not balanced, first you can't surival solo cause you don't have enough mana at the start to finish a build (it would be fine if you could switch to a dps character and defend and get mana the switch to a builder to finish your build but you can't no break to take loot and impossibility to solo in survival just try for yourself trendy). And in campain you have way less starting mana as a solo player comparing to dd1, because the game is entirely think for 4 player, and the starting mana don't adjust to the number of player.I can't recommend the solo player this game, because at this moment it has very serious flaw.For the multiplayer players they should have a blast.Red review hoping that trendy read this (don't forget to read your official suggestion folder, lot of helpful topic but sadly i have yet to see a trendy employee post in this forum)"
76561198006716259,Not Recommended,302270,11373602,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ewalden,"For some reason worse than Dungeon Defenders despite being the same game, not worth your money.You log into a tavern full of strangers, unlike the standard Dungeon Defenders, and this version seems unpollished. You either join a game with others or create a private game, but it is slow to respond. The old, singleplayer version with optional multiplayer was much better than this enforced server junk."
76561198007866915,Not Recommended,302270,11421964,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dahaka,"While the improvements for this game are many. The fact that you have to purchase this version makes it far less amazing than it actually is. Because what it actually is, is an update...not an actual completely new game. This is the same game as Dungeon Defenders, just with all the fixes and some new stuff they're testing out.I purchased Dungeon Defenders when the summer sale was happening. Which means I got everything for this game for like $20 or less (I can't really remember the price), which is a lot of DLCs and other content. This game is cheap still, at $6 for people who own DD, or $14 for people who don't. Still a good deal. But the fact that people who already own DD have to pay for this is just a money grab.It would have been more fair for people who already own the original DD to receive this version for free while everyone else had to pay $6.Still, if you want a solid game to play that's a mix of tower defense and action RPG, then this game is still really good, but if you already own DD, then don't waste your time unless you have money to throw away, because you're not actually getting anything of value out of this version."
76561198031084606,Not Recommended,302270,11433389,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Abso Ruud,This game is a stinking pile of garbage. This box is too small to list all the things that suck about it. But the fact that it DOES NOT WORK AT ALL is probably the most important aspect. It does not work. I can't play. I'm going to demand a refund and delete this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from my computer.
76561197980498380,Not Recommended,302270,11422067,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Cpl. Punishment,"This game is broken as it is.Terrible idea to make this online only, even if I want to play privately.The online only thing is further exacerbated by the fact that the overlay system is broken as ****.Most the time logging in is a chore, having to click log in, over and over and over and then it finally work,then you get into the 'lobby' (tavern) and it will fail over and over to let you actually play the game.If they fix the issues and make it playable I might be able to recommend. But as it stands this is garbage."
,Not Recommended,302270,11412163,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,EXiTiUM,Buyer beware! This adds nothing worthwhile to the gameplay. There is a new cumbersome overlay. Mana can no longer be spent towards upgrading weapons. Drops are individual and not shared (weapons/armor/mana). Items must be shared through aforementioned unintuitive overlay. Do yourself a favor and stick to the original game.
,Not Recommended,302270,11424360,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,EightBitRanger,"Wait until they have the server overcrowding and latency issues ironed out first. Until then, stick with Dungeon Defenders over Eternity."
76561198002525985,Not Recommended,302270,11372200,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,RenzoR,"This game feels like a cheap knock-off of dungeon defenders.  It's not the definitive version of the game, it's a remake of the game and it's a serious step-down in terms of quality.  I paid 6 bucks for it on sale and wish I hadn't.  I don't recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,302270,11375204,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,iNs_FliToX,"If you had to ask me, is it worth it in regards to the 1st release ? It's cheaper, yes ... but definitly the 1st release was better : no streaming, no new interface, less ""f2p"" aspects, too few improvements (still no ""go faster""), no possibility to have your old characters back ... a big disappointment.a game made to make you pay to have access to early access of the 2nd one ..."
,Not Recommended,302270,11380837,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Saltoris,So innovative can't even Load to Tavern.  -10/10
76561198040162814,Not Recommended,302270,11410308,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,KilltheFly,"Do Not Buy, They have taken a Great game and made it into♥♥♥♥♥♥* Known Problems - The menu's are much worse, They are Glitchy, Hard to use, and Slow* Cannot make party without starting a level. Annoying and only 20-30 seconds to navagate slow menu's and invite your friends before your level starts* Cannot have your own tavern,  Shared tavern is noisy and gives me headaches listening to missles and chaos all day, cant even turn of the bad music. No cool Trophies* If you're going to make an addition to a game. Try not to make things worse then the Original game. Thx"
76561198038624525,Not Recommended,302270,11420878,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Apiiz,"WORST EVER, Bugged from topp to bottom ! Can't even get into the game, and no sign of support assistance, Totally crap,Alot of players Experience major buggs !,Worst release ever, and a totally steal of your money,If you like dungeon defender like i did, dont touch this crap, stick with the orignial DD ! This will just create hatred agianst the dev team, !DD2 Aint getting 1 dollar from me, just cause of this,"
76561198007260253,Not Recommended,302270,11428079,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Draker Raze,"Dungeon Defenders has always been a fun game, but it lacked in one area that this ""Revamped"" version failed to fix: Shared DU.  If you want to play multiplayer, this game forces you to make 3 of your 4 party members go dps.  Otherwise multiple builders just step on eachother's toes.  Summoner in the old game was the only thing that eased up on this, allowing two builders and two dps for a 4player game.  Although I feel the summoner being pushed to DU was slightly warrented, as it made games where you did not have someone to fulfill the Summoner role difficult, however it returned us back to the origional issue of a ""Tower Defense"" with four players fighting for rights to build towers.I await the day they change this, as to change my review to a thumbs up.  Comon, Trendy, you can do it!"
76561197976434679,Not Recommended,302270,11426938,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,raivyn,"Pros:- Dual equipped weapons- Individual loot drops- Movement during tower placement/repair- Mana/coin system- Persistent party (although this wouldn't be necessary if you had the ability to have private taverns)- Crafting/relics/amulets/consumablesCons:- Literally everything elseWay too many glitches. Way too many ridiculous UI issues. Feels liks something in beta rather than the ""definitive version"" of this game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11411540,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Roflcakes Internet,"What do you do when you make a game that eventually has ""DLC-itus"" and is full of elitists ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who dont let you do any building in a tower defense game ?Sell the same game off again as the same exact game of coursethe first thing youll notice is that the download from steam is insanely quickWell thats because it has its own downloader which gets even more annoying when you have to make ANOTHER account for a single gameAND Then it downloads the rest of the game which isnt really downloading the game all files are on their servers so everything is online and has to be streamed to you in order to playif you have Dungeon Defenders game already this is 75% off (might vary depending on dlc ownership or not)but really its better if you just stick to the original copyits a tower defense game the defense units are shared amongst your team loot is random and plentiful at all times great for the average hoarder that cant seem to make up their mind if they should get rid of something or notthis copy may have all the DLC packed into 1 easy price but this copy feels like a huge downgrade from what it once was simple as that"
,Not Recommended,302270,11433743,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tei,"In theory this is good value. All DLC's in a single go, with more features.  But sadly, when you buy this game you happily offer you to be a beta tester of their new idea of networking.   Ideas that are poorly trouth.  As a example, they have one hub, and all players have to use it, and this hub seems to have low capacity and to be off sometimes.This turn something that could be a good introduction to the game, into something that is probably better to avoid.  Other people talk about this to be a mobile port, but I have not notice anything like that. The biggest problem of the game is that you can't anymore play what you want when you want it. And sometime you can't even play."
,Not Recommended,302270,11372324,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Azzatur,"Wouldn't recommend.  Might change my mind later, but for now I regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,302270,11374662,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Azrik,"DO NOT BUY!!!I've only played 3 matches and even in that brief time I can tell the game is but a shell of the original. Unbalanced mechanaics if you try to play alone and laggy as well. They boast of improved mechanics, but really they only seem to be good if you have a full team. Go play the original this one would be a waist of your time.Maybe they'll fix the problems later, but for now don't bother with this one."
,Not Recommended,302270,11375669,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,AlexThePea,"Pretty much a scam, just get the original if you want a fun game :/"
,Not Recommended,302270,11375947,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,LatZaiN,This i♥♥♥♥♥♥!!it's just a Mobile game Ported To pc
,Not Recommended,302270,31468420,Posted: 30 April,all,Rockwhisperer,"A travesty of a game. Do not buy this, either get Dungeon Defenders 1 or 2, but forget this game existed"
76561198028030545,Not Recommended,302270,11428033,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Echoed Requiem,"No Split-Screen.Always Online.Practically Unplayable.Yup, this game is absolutely terrible.The devs really messed up on this one."
,Not Recommended,302270,11435248,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Vic20,"A wonderful game made into a insulting waste of time by Trendy. Your base IP is a brilliant thing but you are desperate for money so you slapped a half♥♥♥♥♥effort together and pushed it out the door. Crap server support underscores the misery created by building a game that is more about your interests and less about the players than ever before. Just rename the game ""Bottom line defenders"" and be done with it!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11411514,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mak,Playverse is so bad piece of software that is making me cry
,Not Recommended,302270,11414302,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lemming,"I bought the non-definitive game a while back to play split-screen.  I then bought this definitive version is runs worse, requires and always on internet connection, and no split-screen.  It's amazing how you can make a game infinitely worse by releasing a definitive version."
,Not Recommended,302270,11398379,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,bobthemutant,I immediately regret my decision.
,Not Recommended,302270,11368798,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,aa,"NOTE: I WILL CHANGE THIS REVIEW ONCE DUNGEON DEFENDERS ETERNITY GETS OUT OF ITS UNOFFICIALLY EARLY ACCESS STATE.This game is not all THAT BAD, at least that's what I think. If Trendy would just take out the microtransactions, and would just make this DLC, OR if they just gave this for free for people that already own Dungeon Defenders, OR just put these new updates into the original Dungeon Defenders it wouldn't be so bad.In this game, there are too many things to download, and they LOAD VERY SLOWLY. And also with the graphics, they are VERY BLURRY. The only improvement I have seen in the graphics is just the Defender's Forge instead of the actual game!As for the characters, only the 4 main characters (Apprentice, Huntress, Squire, and Monk) remain the same level as you leveled them in the original Dungeon Defenders. DLC CHARACTERS YOU HAVE TO RE-CREATE THEM AND START FROM SCRATCH (LVL 0)!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11367946,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Physician,"On 2.0 things are starting to look more DDesque. Solo gameplay is avaliable, but, personally I do find there are still quite some design flaws - like summoners, who can use 2 pets have to rebind (using the action wheel) their 2nd pet skill, some collision shenanigans, the ""collective tavern"" spamming announcements of people joining/leaving, you STILL have to calculate wether a new piece of gear is better than the older because equiped set gears are still shown with their bonus applied, lack of tooltips on lots of stuff, sorting out sets is still a growing pain (instead of finding 4 matching pieces, now you need 7), resistances seem now to be more complicated, crafting is lackluster and the playverse isn't very user friendly.But not all changes were for worse - pet skills, amulets and dashes add some new layers of depth to the gameplay.If you can deal with the problems, it is now still not so much enjoyable, but surely playble. If the devs manage to keep improving the game, it has quite a lot of potential - and I do hope they do make this into a better dungeon defenders.pet peeve: summoners now use DUs instead of MUs D:<---------As of 1.0, it's pretty much a nuisance instead of a game."
76561198038070171,Not Recommended,302270,11367817,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LogicalScope,"After an hour of waiting in the tavern filled with other confused people, finally got a game that was filled with lag and unplayable, no option to host a game or to play solo or offline. Just stick with the original untill they get the game working. Wonder if they do refunds"
76561198027764236,Not Recommended,302270,11394153,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,shadowofash,"I love Dungeon Defenders, Trendy Entertainment made one dam good game in my opinion. Then there's this Dungeon Defenders Eternity. I got it for me and the other half and two friends. Didn't think of reading the reviews because of the credability of Trendy Entertainment and the amazing job they did of Dungeon Defenders. I would ask for a refund but I know Steam don't do it. so I was thinking of going straight to Trendy Entertainment to get some sort of compensation, because this game is like 2 steps back from Dungeon Defenders.Also in my opinion Dungeon Defenders was one of the few games that could not be impropved on, it's model was perfect, the way it worked even though there were a few bugs, but what game doesn't. Just releasing DLC's every few months means they were making money for the added contents. But then they though lets get greedy like EA, having an in game shop with money transactions. I felt like I have just wasated £20 and I refuse to waste my time playing it.Does anyone knows how to get a refund or some sort of compensation?I hope Trendy Entertainment read this and that they know they have annoyed an entire community of gamers, theres only one other company that has done this before on this scale, i give you a Hint it two letters."
,Not Recommended,302270,11425461,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Theta,"Currently, I dont reccomend this.Cons:1) Public tavern that you may or may not be able to get into. Meaning you are sitting in a joining session screen for a long time and after a few minutes (and attempts) you might get lucky enough to get in.2) Over all feel is like very non-DD style, while you can use any costume you like you have to ""pay"" for color customization that was inherent in the core game.3) Even creating a PRIVATE game session for an individual level (provided you actually got into the tavern) takes a while if it lets you in at all.4) bugs, there are many....Pros:1) individulaized loot and mana chests makes playing the game a little better, no worrying about ""looters"" taking everything on the field to make a quick buck.2) overall balance of the game is better3) graphically the version is nicer than its original counterpart.End of the line:Overall if this is a preview of DD2 I wont be purchasing it and I advise against everyone purchasing this, I am only glad it only wasted $6 (sale price) rahter than the full $20 which it is CLEARLY not worth. As a person who enjoys the original DD with friends and occasionally jumps into random games I dont enjoy feeling that I HAVE to play with other people."
,Recommended,302270,12437558,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AStopidChimp,I bought this game years ago on my xbox 360. (The original game) I thought it was a fantastic game. This game saves you a lot of money. You get all the dlc from the original game which is amazing (obviously). They are adding new features into the game all of the time so if you have ever loved the dungeon defenders games then you will like this. Forget about all the negative reviews. Most of the things people have been complaining about have already been fixed. :D
,Not Recommended,302270,11414163,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Cubetwok,"This game...I’m shocked as to how badly they screwed up a re-release of a classic tower defense game. If you're familiar with the original dungeon defender, then a lot of things will seem very familiar, if a little unintuitive at first.However if you’re new to this series, then I feel really bad – you are thrown into a public tavern without going through any tutorial (which the original had) and you automatically start out with the MONK, a class that according its description in the original game is designed for advanced players…but you wouldn’t know that because the developers had the genius idea of not including ANY tooltips in this re-release. Tooltips and simple descriptions of the classes were in the original version – they can’t be that hard to implement (unless there are limitations to this mobile port).This game needs a lot of work before I can recommend it, especially for newer players."
,Not Recommended,302270,11398276,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Aeralis,"To put it simply, this is a disgusting mess.To be fair, all the new stuff is great. The new gear system, the modified progression, the consolidation and simplifying of all the DLC... all of that is really nice. The problem is the unholy layer of oily grime and garbage it's all buried underneath.The UI is beyond clunky. It actually feels like it's even working against the player at times. Doing even the simplest of tasks requires navigating menu upon menu, where the original game has everything right there waiting for you. And it's all just so slow.The new tavern system is atrocious. Gone forever are the charming personal taverns, decorated with trophies and awards. But the really important part is how you are now forced into a crowded, public tavern. It lags, it's loud, and all the while the chat is popping up over your menus you're trying to navigate. Be prepared to inspect multiple players instead of opening the forge or shop because the tavern is so overcrowded. What used to be a place of relaxation between missions is now just as chaotic as the missions themselves.Even the tavern itself is a mess: The Tavernkeep is still behind the counter for all your shopping needs... but the new crafting guy is on the balcony above him. This places every single useful aspect of the tavern as far away from each other as possible, leaving you to run around all over the place when all you want to do is get set up for the next mission. Also, for some reason some of the practice dummies have been removed. Want to test your new weapon? Well get in line, because so do the other dozen people in your tavern!Customization seems to be a mixed bag. Your character wears their gear now, which is neat, and you can even dye it with a wide selection of colors. (This is extra fun with the Jester/Fool, who like to just kinda slap the gear onto their bodies wherever they'd like.) However, you can no longer customize your crystal or your character's base colors on creation. They gave some, but they also took some.One of the big draws is the usable items, like the amulets. They're kinda neat, but really, I feel like they're unnecessary and just serve to dilute the diversity of the character classes a bit. Also, the pet eggs are weird. The game gives you a pet, but you must carry it in an item slot and watch it do nothing for a while until the game decides you may start using it. This is somehow considered fun and a positive addition to the game.Speaking of ""fun,"" there's also a crafting system. Maybe this is a personal opinion, but I've never seen the appeal to these things. They jsut seem to be this weird fad game mechanic that everyone puts into their games nowadays. I've never heard of anyone saying ""Wow, a crafting system! I am so excited for that!"" Honestly I don't see the draw of the game giving me a weapon, but telling me I can't use it until I collect an arbitrary number of useless doodads.Finally, there's the biggest elephant in the room... the always online system. This is another one of those cases where, if you want to play your game, you're at the mercy of the servers. No offline play at all here, not even for single player. (There isn't even a single player mode. You just have to make a private room and not invite anyone in. But you still have to deal with the public tavern.) And someday, when the servers die forever, so too does your access to this game. While on the other hand, the original game is all on your computer, meaning you'll always have it.So, in short, this is a good... expansion? Remake? I don't even know what to call it. But whatever it is, it's good. It just needs a LOT of buffing and scrubbing before it's actually servicable. I'd STRONGLY recommend just playing the original version. The updates here are nice, but ultimately not worth the tradeoffs. Only get this if you've never played the game at all and don't have the cash to get caught up on all the DLC."
,Recommended,302270,11527806,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,▐▄█▄▌Nicole,"UPDATE:Offline mode and Steam achievements have been added into the game. I have edited my review to reflect this.Dungeon Defenders Eternity is a revamped version of the original Dungeon Defenders. In this new one is a whole slew of new content(Check this guide for more info about that).Offline/SingleplayerThere's now offline mode in the game and the option to host a private tavern with your friends.MoneyThe only thing you can use your IRL money to buy is the cosmetic emotes and (upcoming) accessories that don't do anything useful other than making you look cool. All of the DLC from the original is for free in this game.PlayverseAt first, I didn't like the whole Playverse thing, but it's really not that bad. In Playverse, you can create groups in which everyone in that group will get sent a invite to join another group member in a match, and you can have multiple groups.MiscellaneousThe game doesn't have a tutorial, so good luck new players to DD figuring out what the ♥♥♥♥ to do. You can't customise your Eternia Crystal like in the original game, but it isn't that big of a deal. Survival mode has been changed to instead 25 waves, to one continuous wave that lasts a hour long. I used to only own 50 items in my box, then it went up to 800 once I did one successful match of survival.Pros:Revamped end-game and other fixed♥♥♥♥♥♥No more hackersTrading CardsRuns greatStill the good 'ole Dungeon DefendersCons:Doesn't use Steam to update the gameNo tutorialNo splitscreenNot Dungeon Defenders 2"
,Not Recommended,302270,11367221,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kahel,DO NOT BUY THE UI IS CRAP THE GAME IS A TALKING SIMULATOR AS THE DEVS HAVE YET TO ADD THE GAME. IT'S IN THERE IF YOU ARE LUCKY BUT I MEAN JESUS IT'S BEEN RELEASED AND I CANNOT EVEN PLAY.
76561198022693328,Not Recommended,302270,11428845,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Spacemonkey,"This game (minor expansion) could have been launched much better. Trendy basically lied about it having single player on it's list of features on the steam page, then decided to remove it after it went on sale. Even though they've fixed some of the problems them trying to play disaster control is no way to run game development. It made 3/4 of the playerbase♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at them and put off a majority of potential customers. I enjoy the game but it's essentially just the first with addons, it would have been different if major content was introduced but it just feels like major patches added in.The only thing you get when you buy it is the client, not the full game download. So eventually if their serves die your left with nothing to show for it. They single handedly probably killed a majority of the hype for dungeon defenders 2 by trying to milk the original game this way. So be warned their likely to screw up anything else they develop in the future."
,Not Recommended,302270,11366651,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dizz,Garbage. I wish I could get a refund for my 6 dollars I spent on this...
,Not Recommended,302270,11367314,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,bL4sT!,"I have the original Dungeon Defenders with all its DLC and liked it a lot. This is supposed to be the ""definitive version"" of that game (pretty much a overly glorified patch that they are charging you for). And guess what? It's much more limited than the regular game! It should be illegal for them to sell such a disaster of a ""game"". Even as a free patch, it would suck.I know that -70% may seem tempting, but seriously, don't waste your money and time with this. If anything, stick to the original - it's a much better experience."
76561198003958556,Recommended,302270,12419133,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,screamingoranges,"Though I was an early adopter of this new version and can understand the frustration many experienced, a few months have passed and I can say I am enjoying this game much more than than the 1st time around due to all the new features.While everyone is of course entitled to their own opinion, please take into account when all reviews of this game were posted, and look for what issues have already been addressed in the content updates.As of the month of October of 2014, this game is very much enjoyable. Looking forward to further content updates!"
76561197993331268,Not Recommended,302270,11366437,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Prolific,"Wow. Just completely misrepresented by advertisement. No Single Player - really?? That's what I loved about this game, I had no idea I was purchasing a multiplayer only app. Money completely wasted in my opinion.Makes me wonder if they're goal was to mislead the consumer for easy $$.Unbelievable."
76561198054959782,Not Recommended,302270,11399314,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,sango213,"Always online. No split screen. Stay away.Don't get me wrong, if this was simply a bundle of the Dungeon Defenders series, it would be well more than worth it...but ALWAYS ONLINE. And many other bad changes.Okay, maybe you live in the mystical wonderland of internet where you get more than 1 provider, and one of them is actually reliable, so what's this new version all about?Slightly revised UI. I actually really dislike the fact that when you hit the inventory button, only a tiny bit of the screen is used to show the stats of the character, and you have to go through more than 1 window to look at your gear. The item box thing is a good bit more clunky, as you now have to choose your hero from there instead of when you're loading in, so, quite unneccesary.Supposedly more secure online play. I can't attest for or against this.4 more maps. Yeah, I got through one of the new maps before I got fed up with the horrible load times. Pretty on par with current maps.Did I mention there's no split screen? You can't play with friends unless they buy their own computer and this game. Kinda annoying, especially when the previous version had it in.BUGS. By god. So many bugs. Can't even log in half the time because of them. (and that's not an exaggeration, literally every other time I tried I got kicked out because of something like ""AsAdmin doesn't like you"" or some nonsense like that, even occasionally crashing) And when I do log in and queue for a game (no single player, wtf?) And in those precious few moments I am actually in the game, I am often stuck in the loading screen for 10-15 minutes, by which point I restart the game. I honestly don't know if it was the game or my connection, but...always online ftw.My computer far exceeds minimum requirements for this game, so not a problem with my hardware.Oh, and because of the communal tavern that everyone goes to, whenever someone logs in, it lags your connection, and for some reason, if you're comparing items, the stat screen goes away...and it will do that each and every time someone logs in, or gets out from a game...better be quick with those comparisons.Also, other players are a pain because they block your movement, crowd you out of the item box, and will attack the training dummies you are using to compare actual dps for your weapons.On the plus side: they made it so that you collect coins instead of mana to buy/upgrade items. I also kinda like the idea of the blueprints...but I only had 2 drop and they weren't that great, certainly not compared to what drops regularlyHowever, you can't buy items now for some reason, and some characters really can't solo if they don't have good items, so better hope your drops are better than mine when I tried and play the barbarianEvery person also spawns their own chests and items. This is relatively good. You don't have ninjas, or mana hogs. I thought at first this just makes it incredibly easy the more you have, but the numbers seem to scale up with the more people you have.I like the item seperation, don't know about the mana...it's convenient I guess."
,Not Recommended,302270,11388077,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Rusty Knife,"Well that was a waste of money. Click on play wait for 30 seconds while it says Joining Tavern then the dialog disappears and nothing happens. About 10-15 seconds later and it tells me I had logged out...really? Have to restart the game just to login again. Now i know why its called eternity.......Not sure how you even suppose engage in single player mode if I cant even get to play it.EDIT: Game updated to Playverse v3.0, waited until it downloaded everything and sadly it still does not work."
76561198054650188,Not Recommended,302270,11366705,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Drakeonista,"After just under an hour with this game, I can say it has nothing to the original, I will change this review when I play more, but I would not reccomend you spend money on a game with pay to play elements, with an always online infrastructure."
76561198008585697,Not Recommended,302270,11366377,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Eyes of the Wolf,online all the time requirement just to play at anytime. old version is way better dont waste money on this
76561198009803979,Not Recommended,302270,11366363,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,azamoth66,"This was a massive let down. I bought it because I figgured ""hey, for how much I played the original, I could get $6 worth out of it"". I was wrong.One of the features listed is cross platform play. One of those platforms is Android. Basically this means you are playing an awkward phone version of Dungeon Defenders on your PC. The graphics took a noticable downgrade and everything feels a lot slower paced and clunkier. Not to mention the new interface manages to be even more awakward and unhelpful - I don't think I can see what a pet does without first equipping it and swapping into an entierly different menu.It's a shame too, because some of the new features ARE pretty interesting looking. Pets now have both passive and active abilities, and you can get amulets to give characters new active skills as well. But the overall performance hit, coupled up with being forced to play online in multiplayer (No solo play here. At all.) really ruins it.Second Edit : They patched in being able to host private games and play solo, but when you do you still seem to have to ""wait for other players"" for about half a minute before you can start the stage. The Tavern is still public though. They also let you download everything up front - and I did. Now I can say for sure that the graphics took a hit, they can't still be streaming in at this point.For a comparison, this is the original game :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=291059560And this is DDE :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=291059468Between the worse visuals and the slightly less responsive gameplay, I'd sooner recommend playing the original than I would recommend DDE."
76561198013702449,Not Recommended,302270,11423790,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,markesm,"Won't even load up. Huge waste of money. First it crashed due to a missing file. Restarting it got me to the point where It varies between failing silently to connect and throwing back to menu, or complaining about a timeout."
,Not Recommended,302270,11363933,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jeff (amigo del Ratonski),FIX THIS GAME PLEASE ! I WANT TO PLAY AT THIS GAME PLEASE RITO
,Recommended,302270,23004221,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hosami,"If you are in Tower Defense and 3D character control, this is your destination~!"
76561198092437834,Recommended,302270,11563719,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,JRLegend101,"This game is amazing! It is a Pre-Alpha test phase for Dungeon Defenders 2's new engine. It works amazingly well for a Pre-Alpha. The only problem is lately it hasn't been letting me join games, it will let me host though. It is also updated with new maps, gamemodes, and other features every month. So if you beat every map within the first month of release, your just getting started. 10/10"
76561198027745666,Not Recommended,302270,15013918,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Astra,"I'm very sorry but I can't rate this game positive anymore.It's confirmed the Development has stoped on this title and the last update won't contain any content or rebalancing. Left in this stage the game feels unfinished and I just can't recommend spending 19,99€ on this title.It's still a good game, but I think it's better to get DD1 instead of DDE now.Old Review:I'll make it short. I played the first Dungeon Defenders (and I liked it alot) but I prefer this version even if most of the DD1 players don't. my reasons are:-""All in one"" version (no pay2win, all you can buy are emotes/costumes if you like them)-Old DD1 contend gets added over  time. No PvP and (if I'm correct) no Controller support on Mac yet :-(-New Contend (I love the nightmare mobs, amuletes, the new pet skills and especially the new maps and bosses)-Mostly cheat free-Hopefully upcomming DD2 cross over items.-more customize options with crafting, dying, Transmorg (change the looks of equipment or make it invisible)edit: I removed the ""Still gets updates part"" because the last planned update won't contain any content/rebalance and developement stoped on this title. To be honest the game feels unfinished"
76561198080023179,Not Recommended,302270,15538562,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mbinkle,I haven't been able to play because there is a bug that only goes to the launch screen and then searches for resources and can't find them.    It seems to be a problem in Eternity and DD2.  Trendy does not seem to have a fix.
,Not Recommended,302270,15748000,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Morgue Rabbit,"Due to the login issues and the really cumbersom UI and the fact this game will no longer be supported at all I can't recommend it... The people who bought it were ""reimbursed"" by given a copy of DD1 complete which 99% of the people who bought this already own..Anyway to those who take the time to read this skip out on it and get DD1 complete or if you already own DD1 complete skip this and get dd2 or something else because this will not be support anymore. DD1 is to get 2 more patches one of which will allow some of the steamworkshop items to be usable in ranked details are herehttps://www.dungeondefenders.com/1/blog/119519/two-free-updates-coming-and-more"
,Recommended,302270,12120090,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,the green shaman,It is a fun and addicting game with endless amount of stuff to do. It has rather often content updates as well. Regardless of if you like or dislike tower defense games i highly recommend this game. I myself was never a big fan of tower defense games but i can’t stop playing this one.
,Recommended,302270,11630252,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Intelecto Nível 12,+ -
,Recommended,302270,12069820,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,M00S3i,I like that you start with every defenders in the game and that the armor is more easy to control and can be customized. The only thing I dislike about the game is that I don't know if it's me or not but you can only make a few folders for organization in the item box.
76561198056158695,Recommended,302270,12114912,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,lilyophelia,"This is one of my favorite co-op games;  it's just so much fun. I was originally unsure, because the graphics seemed a bit cheesy. Like the Borderlands series, it's very stylized, and things just flow once you get into the game. It's a beautiful game, both visually and in mechanics."
76561198049593627,Recommended,302270,12162558,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Shenanigans,"Review as of Content Update 1:I feel this game has gotten a bad rap.  Yes, it is the original game rehashed, but that was made clear prior to release.  Yes, it has new features, but more or less it plays like the original.  As an owner of the base games of both, this is the one that I prefer.Graphics 7/10 - They choose a slightly different style for DDE and I personally liked the style of the original better.  The graphics don't seem as clear and crisp as the original.  They even have a warning about streaming textures....why can't I opt to download these?Sound 10/10 - This game has some ridiculously addictive music.  I've caught myself humming along with bits of it.  A family member who played it breifly said the same thing.  Some sound effects could use a little more oomph but that's about the only downside I could say.Gameplay 8/10 - I'd love to give this game a 10/10 here if not for one fact.  Load times.  Load times drag down the overall experience even when playing in a private lobby.  On the plus side, this game is FAR more accessable that it's predecesssor for finding gear for your characters.  Having the option of which stats that the game is comparing is a big deal for newbies especially.  The massive amounts of mana available on each map means your resources are not the limiting factor, it's more focused on your strategy.Developer Support 10/10 - Let's face it folks, this is the game they are supporting more at this date and time.  DDE has gotten a lot of bad reviews and most of the constructive criticisms have been addressed.  It has gone from what felt like a beta release to a full release over the last few months.  Their continued support and patches will make this into an even better title."
,Recommended,302270,12176971,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,low and to the left,"With this revamped version of one of my favorite games, Trendy did a complete overhaul. The playstyle for both games is completely different and the only aspect still there is the multi-genre style. This game offers an excellent balance of anyone's play style with the introduction of rebalanced game play and new itmes and skills. It still stays true to the tower defense side but the difficutly curve has been significantly improved."
76561198025731165,Recommended,302270,12165095,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Tahiahin,"A lot of the bad reviews are from when the game was first released, they fixed alot of the problems like no single player, although there is still a 16 sec timer on starting games and no split screen for local multiplayer, the game is still mostly the same, but balanced, so that you don't have to play the gender swapped classes. I enjoy this solo and with friends."
76561198042717855,Recommended,302270,12070060,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Docta Shade,A great game I love to play with friends or solo. Added lots of new gear and easier upgrading and new levels in this new rendition. It's a fun 3d Tower Defense game mostly with alot of unique aspects. I would recommend this game and it's previous version.
,Not Recommended,302270,23282685,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,feelsbadam,took my money for a worse version of the first game
,Not Recommended,302270,14166074,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fly8fly,(My Opinion)Compared to the original Dungeon Defenders:-Worse main menu-Worse UI / HUD-Choosing online / offline is confusing-Survival is just 1 wave about 15 minutes long-No real mod support (ranked only basically)-Relocation of ability hotbar (7 to self heal)+Better graphics & animations+More items+/-Easier to play (auto jump)+/-All DLC characters from DD1 are in this game already (for free)+/-Tavern is bigger and has extra vendors
76561198072093263,Recommended,302270,11527643,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,-W3E- JesusLover1965,"Great game, i played the original, and this game is a great improvement! Its great, new levels, new gear, new pets, and some graphical improvements.I totally recommend!!!"
76561198009235063,Recommended,302270,11606624,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BlackTomb,"Eternity .. all who love this game will be like in home .. with some details .. Is this game is good? Yes. If U like game tower defense, yes .. if U were not trying Dungeon Defenders in past time, U should do it .. there is a few changes .. anothers map (but not all from basic DD are in) but still this is DD so .. yes .. I can recommed this game for every ones .. cuz all of U will find some for .. I think this game is build with really ""heavy think"" .. here is some for people who want have a fun and here is some for hard player who know DD world and want to have ""best character ever"" .. So in few words .. have a fun whit this game and we still waiting for Dungeon Defenders II :)Update after 4 moths from last post:I think everything in this game is goin in good way .. why? Because They make early access with DD II but still working about bugs in DDE and adding new maps for make game living longer .. maybe not all is repairing but its very nice Trendy don't drop this game for next DD. If U like tower defence game - in my opinion - this game should be tryed by U."
,Recommended,302270,11936664,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Woodi,The start of the game is bad because there are no tutorials but the rest of the game is AWESOME!!!
76561198072820366,Not Recommended,302270,11895612,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Djznuts,"I got this game for 5 bucks, so i'm not all that unhappy.I mean, it's a decent game to play as stress relief, but I just feel like it's kind of whoring itself out to players to get more sales. I don't really like how you get all the costumes and stuff.In game stores? I don't even want to talk about it.Compared to the last game?This game is basically flipping off the old game by doing everything it can to make more money.The last game is worth playing as an rpg, this one is worth playing as a stress relief."
,Not Recommended,302270,17734354,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Oklahomie Gaming Co.,Just get the original version or Dungeon Defenders II. This is complete crap. I don't know what the thought process behind this version was but it is horrible. They essentially took a lot of what made the original version so good and tossed it.
,Recommended,302270,11487227,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Captain Catastrophe,"Despite all the negative reviews this game is a great thing most people cant aford 50+$ on dlcs in DD1Cons:its pretty much a beta game its glitchy unbalanced and has no single player also hardcore mode should not be ""hardcore mode"" in a game you take 24-100 hours to level a charectar with glitchy servers and better loot from HCpros: Amulets make repairing alot more doable save like 50$ less grind to level cap 60 vs 100survival despite critisisim is alot better now"
,Recommended,302270,11528164,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Vexen77,"First, THIS IS A AWESOME GAME, yea, sure the taverns are only online, and you cant choose a lobby, BUT the weapons are more random, i find it easier to play than the 1st, and theres way more stuff, many people say ""it sucks cuz theres no single player!""  no, they added it so you can play alone, just not in the tavern, ""its the same as the mobile version!"" so? its still awesome! ""you HAVE to have internet connection! theres no offline!"" its still a work-in-progress! cmon! be open minded!    IN SHORT: its good, and it does not suck!"
76561198042422923,Recommended,302270,11486366,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Stoop Kid,"The first reviews you see on the store page are very missleading often done by people with less than 5 hours played, if you liked the orginal game or like tower defence games with RPG elements included, this game will be probably of your liking.Personally i really like the game and love the fixes they did ''No hackers yay''The base price at 20$ for non previous DD1 owners really sucks but at least it includes most of the previous DLC from DD1 + the promise of ''Not charging for any future cotent and no pay-to-win Cash Shop''"
,Recommended,302270,11489432,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Avianary,"People just seem to dislike this game because it is too much like the previous DD, I personally have enjoyed this game and the fresh restart means i can start again from the bottom after doing almost everything in DD. The only problem i have with the game is the connection and that it sometimes does make you jump back a bit or have enemies appear next to you but overall the new features are some good aditions to the game."
,Recommended,302270,11485446,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,HeartOfWolves,"I'll give it a thumbs up. I owned Dungeon Defenders on Xbox, but never got the dlc seeing as the PC version looked a lot better. However, I didn't really ever have money I felt was worth putting towards getting it with all the DLC. This provides a really nice way to get all that at a cheaper price. The only major downsides are that it's online only (for this type of game, I'd really prefer the choice to go online or not), and that it's horribly lacking in explanation for new players. I already had an idea of what things were coming in, so it didn't affect me too much, but it was still annoying trying to refresh my memory on what the stat pictures were. Also, I actully liked the old system where mana was money. It was cool balancing greed and need.NOTES TO DEVELOPERS SHOULD THEY SEE:-Please for the love of god fix the issue where your cursor goes away on a menu page when someone walks behind it. When I'm comparing stats, I don't need the popup to disappear every 4 seconds.-GIVE ME MORE MANA FROM CHESTS IN SOLO. I understand you wanted to balance it around teams, since everyone gets their own chests. But 100 mana isn't enough for crap by yourself, making it neccessary to have a hero that can fight the waves, even if you want to build a pure tower character and watch the fight instead.EDIT:-They fixed the issue with the menus going away. This is fantastic. Thank you!-They give more mana when there are fewer players on the map now. Again, thank you!"
,Recommended,302270,11487564,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,rougeknight21,"As of right now in all honesty this game should still be in beta. Playable during download but then you got to download ""core game files"" and the tavern before you can even do anything. No easy way to play with friends. Group invites glitch to where you can click confirm but nothing happens but cancel works. Can start a private game but you only have 30 seconds to invite your friends and then to join. Automatically makes heros for you with names like squire-82 which makes you think its your level. Graphics are blurry for the first hour while the game finishes downloading the models ( if you played before finishing the download).All in all I think this game should have a early access post on the store page to warn us customers about the many glitches in the system."
,Recommended,302270,11489645,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tixola,"After seeing a lot of the more negative reviews on here I was a bit wary about getting the game at all, but after giving it some time and patience I have to say it is nothing like as terrible as some have accused it of being. In fact it has brought me back to playing the previous version and enjoying both of them again.It does seem strange that in times when things change so fast people are so obstinate about anything being even slightly different; the reaction every time facebook makes a minimal change there is always some kind of uproar from the masses about how terrible it all it, the apocalypse is coming etc. The same seems to have happened here. There are certainly differences, and once you have got used to them the system actually works very well. Trendy have listened to all of the complaints and have made efforts to address them. There is now a single player mode that is easy to access, there are shortcuts in the item boxes for quick selling etc all of which are complaints that have been voiced over the last weeks (see below reviews)Loading time at the beginning if you have a slower connection is a bit of a pest, but once in everything is smooth, give it some time and have some patience it is worth it in the end."
,Recommended,302270,11495460,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ret Main coming through,all i can say is that this update changed my life. Thanks trendy for the new update! :)
,Recommended,302270,11488255,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bayonetta Main Kappa,"this game right now is like day z it really feels incomplete and i dont recommend it to buy it now , but if u did own the pervious game and the 45% sale is still going for u, then pick it up but just sit on the game and dont play it until it gets its edge back like in the first game if u really enjoyed that"
76561198043589705,Recommended,302270,11551826,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Slav_of_Your_Dreams,From what i can see there is no offline mode and that really does bite
76561198124382589,Recommended,302270,11547952,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Unlockingbrute3,laggy
76561198053142032,Recommended,302270,11550551,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,gaming,"I read all of the bad reviews of Dungeon Defenders Eternity, then waited a few days and bought it anyway. We have two accounts at my house and have been playing two person games. Overall we are enjoying it very much but there is a lot of confusion. Some things that should be simple take an internet search to figure out. Because the game is new, there is not a lot of information on the internet. Simple things like inviting friends, creating a party, and hatching eggs are just different enough to cause problems. My biggest issue is initial load time. One computer may be ready to play almost immediately while the other wants to reload a lot of graphic files. So far it seems almost random one whether a computer want to reload graphic files. We have learned to start the game, then go gather our drinks and snacks while the graphics load, then come back to play the game. With a weekend of play we only had one instance where a party member was dropped as the dungeon was loading. No time warps as far as we can tell.Over all we had a lot of fun with the updated version of a favorite game. Everyone gets their own chests so building is faster and much more even. Experience is divided evenly among characters. No more worrying about the knight and mage towers giving most of the experience to those characters. I do wish that the inventory system was easier to use. There is still a lot of junk items to go through and sell. I need to experiment with the item filters in the Options menu and see if I can filter out the items without losing the income I get from selling them."
,Recommended,302270,11553468,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Zephyr,"This is identical to the base game with a few tweaks, and as far as I'm concerned it does the franchise perfect justice. All the things people are griping about have either been implemented, announced, or are just things people came up with for the sake of whining. No, currently there aren't achievements. Yes, it's because the playverse overlay is a WiP. Yes, they COULD have just stuck with steam, but no, thats not the end-all best option. The playverse overlay will be fine when it gets finished, and the negligible balance issues will be fixed in patches LIKE THEY ALWAYS ARE FOR EVERY GAME EVER. And no, there is no cash store in the game to pay2win. If you like, you can pay cash to get emotes for your characters. Purely aesthetic, not even remotely game-changing. If you like the original, then there's little to be upset with in Eternity. And all these guys crying about the 6 dollars they spent for basically an upgraded compilation of the original and all the dlc is just mind-boggling."
,Recommended,302270,11954390,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,JayTee,This game is fun and kills time for a few days after that its kinda bland. Spoiler ( join a Cliff of the sky game ) you can thank me later :D
,Recommended,302270,11942967,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,BillyGunz89,"This is similar to DD1, but at the same time the whole gameplay structure you were used to was completely remodeled. Summoner can DPS now, with the free content soon NM mode will be out and it's going to shift everything again."
,Recommended,302270,11975381,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,TobarINK,Loved the first one and this is a nice pass time for me while I wait for the second one. :P
76561198058098476,Recommended,302270,12046967,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,james.iben,Fun game.  I've enjoyed it.  Complaints are quite overblown.  Only major issue I've encountered is if your inventory fills on a map you need to empty some of it to prevent a rollback state.  But otherwise it's the same addictive gameplay and looting as the original title that I've enjoyed.
76561198121057303,Recommended,302270,12059814,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,FireAce,BEST GAME EVER
76561198043910616,Not Recommended,302270,11414916,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[CBM] Jonjon0612,"This version is basically in alpha. Bugs are everywhere, I can't even log on to the game because of a bug. Should have released a more developed version at a later time."
,Not Recommended,302270,11436657,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Speedy,"dont buy this game.. it is completly crap compared to the old Dungeon Defenders...there is no offline playyou wont be able to conect to online servers, cos 80% of the time they dont work, and when they work you get disconnected alotand unlike the old DD you will not do HC in this one. cos if you die in HC you lose you're gear and you're championand there arent really many people playing this game.. never anyone hosting any missionsso dont waiste you're time and money on this game"
76561198047869396,Not Recommended,302270,11440002,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Baba Yaga,"I had a lot of hope for this game.  To date, I have 295 hours put into the original Dungeon Defenders.  It's one of my favorite games, so much so that I purchased a 4 pack for my friends during 2013 winter sale.  I saw Dungeon Defenders Eternity - revamped with new missions, unlockable loot for DD2 and on sale for $5.99.  I didn't hesitate...a poor choice on my part.  The game is now server based so that you are streaming from Trendy - security from cheaters, understandable.  But at this point the game is pretty much early access at best.  Long queue times, laggy servers.  I tried to play today and couldn't stay in for more than 5 minutes until a ""your session has timed out....etc"" error popped up.  At this point, until they fix the bugs the game is unplayable.It was $6, not a big deal to me.  I'd be more upset if I had shelled out the regular price of $19.99.  What really bothers me is if this is what is to come with DD2, I'm going to be really let down by Trendy.  Hopefully they can get their act together, fix the servers or completely rethink the way they have the ""online only"" play set up."
,Recommended,302270,11532597,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dustbag,"This is a clear improvement from the original (Though not say that it wasn't great!) and brings along a bunch of new fun stuff. The experience is quite different, whether it's mainly because of the new UI, rebalancing or new maps, it's a good 'different' experience. Totally worth your time.If you enjoyed the Original Dungeon Defenders, I would definitely recommend this!"
,Recommended,302270,12066907,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MsDarkLow,My inventory got filled of cute pets.
76561198035463465,Recommended,302270,12263915,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TurquoiseMouse,"While much of this game is the same as the first, there are a significant number of differences for me that make it worth getting, not the least of which is the level of Dev attention it is getting, which has fixed a number of starting problems, including many with the Summoner class (which stuck out for me as it is my class of choice).The inclusion of most of the DLC content (the holiday packs and such don't seem to have made it) is something that stands out for me, especially given the price. This also means most new players will likely go for the DDE over DD1 (dungeon defenders eternity/one). New levels have been made and more to come, including one in the campaign (so far, I have not made it too far as I have been enjoying the social aspect, and testing out the classes), pets now come from eggs that hatch simply by having them on your person and you never know what you will get.Also, gear now appears on your person in a physical way which is fun, especially when you get the full set of something. Mana is no longer the currency, coins are, which drop from creatures just like mana, and are used to upgrade your items. However you can no longer buy weapons or pets from the barkeep (as of yet). There IS an ingame cash shop, but the only thing in it is emotes for your characters at a dollar each. Dyes are also available now with the barkeep, as well as a new crafting system.For crafting, recipes drop from mobs, and materials seem to only drop from chests (though I could easily be wrong, i tend to get caught up in the action). You can choose to join your own private tavern, or a public one with other people milling about. There are even more new features that I could mention but I am sure you could find more complete lists out there.IN CONCLUSION:I find this game to be quite a bit more fun than the original right now given it is easier to join people of my own level, there is more details on the games I am joining, I can host private if I really want to and only invite my own friends, and it has stopped me being booted out for not having that one awesome piece of gear or whatever other reason people saw fit.The only downside I saw, no offline play, which I do hope comes later, but I understand why not if it doesn't."
,Not Recommended,302270,29650040,Posted: 2 February,all,{ededje},the idea was so good but they just ruined itthey abandoned the game and there are a lot of bugs/glitches
,Not Recommended,302270,11433894,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,HappyWillyMonkey,"This is basically DD1 with -erm- improvements:- mandatory usage of playverse account, with ""always online"" feature meaning they login server goes♥♥♥♥♥♥up, you can not connect- tavern is now a general lobby- weird integrated web interface for party management that can get really annoying at time- recycled item from the first Dungeon Defenders && poor interface for managing items ingame- ingame store probably for future micro transactionHad a nice discount upon buying it, but would have it been more that 5 GBP, I possibly would have not bothered, specially considering that so far I have been spending half my ""play"" time trying to ""connect to the tavern"" ...."
,Recommended,302270,12306471,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,gotrunks712,"At first the game had quite a few bugs and missing content not mentioned on the store page.  Since then the developers have continually updated the game with more content and revised a lot of things that bugged the community.  Overall it adds more features compared to the original which blend in nicely and add to the overall gameplay.My only complaint now is that there is still content from DD1 that is missing, but they are patching that (along with new conent) in over time."
76561198075262136,Not Recommended,302270,12377944,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ohhwataloser,"I will say this might become a great game one day, however after even after 2 major patch updates, the game is still at best a beta. The game was advertised as ""Dungeon Defenders Eternity is the definitive version of the hit tower defense action RPG! "" yet it still isn't even close, the game is incomplete with tons of missing content, I personally got over that and tried to treat the game as an alpha, but still even after 2 major patches we are still far from a complete game.. even with a very small player base the servers contantly lagging. I guess you could play offline but I prefer to interact with other players. While I logged many hours and did have fun, I find myself more fustrated than having fun now. I couldn't recommend this game to anyone, I am uninstalling it for now and possibly giving the game a shot when the community (not trendy) can tell me the game is completed and fixed and the enormous lag problems are cleared up."
,Not Recommended,302270,11371663,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,pheinzig,"I feel like I just got scammed. I saw this on steam and thought it was a full release. I cant even play as the grafix are not evin loading properly. I have updated my drivers and am running on a pair of 460 GTX's. i-7 w/8 gigs ram.  All that loads is the skeletal of the characters and a few tavern lights, I am missing 90% of the games visuals. What gives?"
,Recommended,302270,12212343,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,roadkill,"Lots of negative reviews, so here is a positive one.  I have 100s of hours into the original DD and all of the DLC.  DD is one of my favorite Co-Op games.PROS:  DD Eternity is a nice refresh of the original.  I felt it had enough new stuff to offer to feel like a fairly fresh experience.  It's still the same game for the most part, but has a bit of a facelift.  There are a few new boards, tons of new gear, more gear sets, and special items that boost loot quality, stats and other things.  There is also a lot of new character cusomization.  I really like that all of the characters no longer look identical.  The biggest pro is they are continuing to update and add to the game, giving you more to look forward to.  Also, the issue with taverns not being private is fixed.CONS:  IT's the same game. If you are looking for an ALL new experience, you won't get that here.  The game is very Internet-reliant.  if you have a poor connection, you will have issues.  The updates take a long time to download and apply.  The balance is a smidge off (The first few waves are easy, then oh-my-gosh!)   I'm not crazy about the Playverse interface, I much prefer Steam (though they are adding some Steam integration)  Most of the issues I have are minor quibbles.If you enjoyed DD and haven't played in awhile, you will enjoy this game."
76561198084333817,Not Recommended,302270,11425339,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Jigly el papi de tu concha,"Don't buy it,  this game sucks as hell. Dungeon Defenders 1 ftw!"
76561198070052233,Recommended,302270,12296437,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,AJ9K|HerpDerp|,Just enough new bells and whistles to make me want to play through it again.
76561198021839074,Recommended,302270,12224814,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Vohl,Similaire a la version sortie originale DDE nous revient avec quelques changements bien attendu coome une difficulté balancée ansi qu' une amélioration du loot. Le meilleur tower defense en attendant la suite :)
,Not Recommended,302270,11376197,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,X8CY,*updated 05/12/2014*still microtransactions also in DD2 4/10 scrap them♥♥♥♥♥♥♥don't care what it is it's still microtransactions oh and drm that probably still sucks not gonna try why?MICROTRANSACTIONS.still 4/10.
,Recommended,302270,12417662,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dhimm,I am having alot of fun with this game. They are good at making updates and i like the fact that you can not hack it so easily like the last dungeon defenders. the playverse can be slow at times but its not a big issue. all in all its a fun game to just play.
,Not Recommended,302270,13011610,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CalebRipley,"The game itself is not really different from the precessor. But for Linux users there are some advantages, if they are able to get it running… PhysX stuff is working now so the mana is now going towards you.But one note for the Linux users: Trendy is not interessted in you! They are ignoring mayor bugs and have been unable to fix a black screen issue for real (on this issue the game isn't starting at all.). They've integrated a horrible hack which requires root privileges… for that they needed multiple months. Many users had send them detailed informations about bugs, everything you get in reply is crap.** Update after 2 Months **Nothing has changed. The Developers seem to have no interest in fixing the biggest problems."
,Not Recommended,302270,11442886,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,MrXenophobe,"I hit play, it doesn't give me the option to create a character, instead it puts me in a random lobby with a random character at a random level."
,Recommended,302270,12415212,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cheesecake,"Even though the developers have screwed a lot of things up, many have quit this game, it still is enjoyable to play. Especially now that there are steam achievements it actually feels like there is something to do after you reach end-game. I have played this game for 150+ hours and still having fun doing it."
76561198084081052,Not Recommended,302270,11410901,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SmartStarfish,Definatley only a game for new dd players. Returmers download the game to find all their loot gone and characters reset back to lv1. Unless that's your things my advice is stick to the original.
,Not Recommended,302270,11925234,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Valum,No local co-op.
,Not Recommended,302270,11435704,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Sephyra,"I used to have a thumbs up and a good recommendation for this game as the patches keep coming in, fixing issues and all. But sorry Trendy, you just destroyed your own game and its player base with Patch 3.41. Nerfed the hard work of people progressing deep into Insane content once2. Nerfed the hard work of people progressing deep into Insane content AGAIN (After declaring to players that Patch 3.3 addressed all nerf issues, Trendy went ahead to nerf AGAIN in Patch 3.4 without an official announcement)3. Nerfed the drops of Insane content itself. (Particularly Akatiti Insane, and this is not in the patch notes)Very very bad job from you both at Nom Nom Games and Trendy, honestly disappointed with the unannounced nerfs and Trendy not being transparent with your players."
,Not Recommended,302270,11884918,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Radikus,"Wasted my money, it's the same game all over again."
,Not Recommended,302270,11893602,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ramshackle,So very bad.  They took the original and made it the exact same but ♥♥♥♥♥ier.  WAAAAAAY ♥♥♥♥♥ier.
,Recommended,302270,11953001,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The Unrelenting Troll,Doesn't wanna DL and at and its been on forums for a while now. Best game ever 10/5 would waste 20$
76561198082569012,Recommended,302270,12075494,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,joseph1503,good fun
,Recommended,302270,12195219,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,mindfold,"if you liked the first DD you will like this one too. it is ture that it is the same game with a few more maps and stuff in it, but it is a much better game in many different ways."
,Recommended,302270,12097318,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Xereo,"Great game, there are bugs but the devs are on it.If you like tower defense games, then this is for you :)"
,Not Recommended,302270,12125885,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Ripper Phoenix <3 ;),"Okay, before I go into details (this will mainly compare it with the original): is the game still fun with friends? Yes.This remake/redo/whatever did improve and balance the gameplay, which was definitely needed. That is one major positive.However, it threw away so many of the basic elements that made the original a great game. I am unable to stay in the same lobby with my friends between matches, instead it boots them to some random server. The original had it great, keeping us all in the same place, instead of making me reinvite and reconnect every time we start or fail a map/tavern.By the same token, because the servers are now externally hosted (I understand - helps control hacking), my ping is so much higher. This isn't such a bad issue when there are not too many monsters, but later on, it is a real pain.The microtransactions, well I don't really care too much about them: they're mainly just for taunts, which are not needed.However the shop is so much less intuitive and instead of making everything easier, it became much the opposite. It tried to improve on sorting, which is good, but it still fails to have a filter for a certain type of armor. Considering you get set bonuses, it would be better to have this.Also you don't get the bonuses from two weapons, instead everytime you swap your weapons, your towers get the current weapon's stats. This is fine for balance, except everytime I press ""z"" to swap weapons, my towers are half damaged. It would be easier just to have the one weapon so I can easily replace it when I get better ones, or have an option to have 1 or 2.Yeah, just my rant.TL;DR : Gameplay - Good,  Everything else - Kinda disappointing."
,Not Recommended,302270,11955039,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MonstaMunch,"See how it says I've been playing this game for hours? I haven't. I haven't played it at all, because unlike 99% of the games I bought from steam, this one has a third party downloader, so first you have to download the downloader then launch that to download the game. I probably won't bother playing tbh, too frustrated by the way the developers seem to think they know better than the devs of all these other games that work just fine..."
76561198018159973,Recommended,302270,12103532,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,thejames42,"my favorite game, now with more awesome, and less hacking."
,Recommended,302270,12189404,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NugZ,Much better and improved version of the old dungeon defenders :) so much love
76561197975453412,Not Recommended,302270,12090959,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Dumdedoo,"After playing this game for 1,5 months of chance I ust admit I've lost confidence in it. Let me summarize why:- intensive serverside lag issues to a degree that the server makes enemies do impossible moves, eventually causing you to loose matches.- So called balancing. Way to much of the abilities and defense units have are subpar towards the enemies. The few exceptions get nerfed so instead of a Tower/RPG hybrid they changed this game into a FPS clone.- Mistakes they made in the previous installment made again. In the previous game some loot was to powerfull so they made it far more difficult to obtain. Causing new players to never achieve the levels the first players got into. In this game they admitted some loot dropped that shouldn't have. They stopped the loot from appear and nerfed peoples loot to a degree that should have dropped with a boss who shouldn't be defeatable (people used a glitch to kill him cheap). But this gear still had stats you would find 1 in million in current drops. Now they added a new difficulty with monsters finetuned to those stats on gear. So people who played legitly have no chance of winning this causing another gap between players. It also confirms in this game only cheating gets you further in the game.- Very bad menu's. In the more difficult levels even one second not paying attention could cause you to loose the game. But any action in the menu's takes at least 5 seconds to animate. We don't live in the later 80's anymore where 256 colorsreens were high tech on a 286 model. Get your junk together and show me computers can calculate faster then humans can.- Poor fixing in ""forgotten"" content and disriminating people because of it: Some special gun gifted to you when you bought the game wasn't available in the first weeks. They fixed it so who buys the game now does get it. The only way for the players who bought the game earlier to get this gun is to create an account on their forums and PM the community managar there and hope he posts you a code to get the gun in game. No news post IN the game mentions this so any player who isn't active on the forum doesn't know about this and doesn't get the gun he should have gotten in the first place. If it was forum visiters only I'm ok with it but as newer players do get it now without touching the forums ever. It's downright discriminative.- Bad community. Those cheaters with their over the top gear are whining the game is to easy. And it seems the developers are listening to them.So after seein al that I can only see the game going down the never ending spiral of not letting any new player enjoy their game. as the excisting community is rotten I don't want to touch this piece of #### ever again. Can't wait for Dungeon Defenders 2 so I can give it negative points as well. As this team is not learning from their earlier mistakes,"
,Recommended,302270,12083478,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Wiz Gamer,it has improved allot from dungeon defenders original
,Not Recommended,302270,12101792,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ham the Terrible,"Microtransactions have no place in paid games.  The fact that they're there leads me to believe that this game is set to go F2P in the future - after they've made as much as they can off sales.  I refuse to play this game until the cash shop has been removed.I was one of the silly people to buy this game when it was first released, belieiving that it was a finished product instead of the Early Access title that it really is.  When I was told of the microtransaction shop right after i bought it and all the severe game-breaking bugs in it, i was furious.Little or no response was given by the devs other than this being a test bench for Dungeon Defenders 2 (which I've been told it will be a F2P game) - yet all the information I've found on the next Nom Nom/Trendy game to come out has led me to a non-Dungeon Defenders game that looks like it's graphically and engine-wise identical.  It's a game called Monster Madness.I honestly feel I've been scammed.If you too feel this game should have been labeled and had and EARLY ACCESS warning to it, you should write Steam Support and ask for a refund.  If enough people do this, the game will get yanked until they get things fixed or an Early Access put on it and a warning that it has Microtransactions ingame.Look familiar?https://search.yahoo.com/search;_ylt=AuLfd33JnfzCsxph8UEsyimbvZx4"
,Recommended,302270,12004966,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BerserkingGMS,THIS GAME IS AMAZING I RECOMMEND IT 10/10
,Recommended,302270,12269123,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Captain Butterknife,So much like the original. Still just as fun.
76561198068286142,Not Recommended,302270,11380060,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MrWaffles,"i have a ton of hours on this glitched peice of crap that the devs nerf anythig good and just toy with how you feel about it, every week this game changes for the worse, buyers remorse! asked for a refund awaiting response"
76561198001101539,Not Recommended,302270,11702523,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Supine,"As an avid fan of the original, I was looking forward to a rebalanced Dungeon Defenders with additional content and all the selling points that made DD Eternity sound so appealing.Do not buy this game.Other reviews have said that most issues have been fixed, and I don't know if that's true. What I do know is that the client is garbage. If you live anywhere other than the US, your latency will be unbearable. The game data can be downloaded rather than streamed, but the download speed is atrocious. Hosting game fails more often than it succeeds. I won't say this game is a cash grab, or done maliciously. I think they just did an absolutely horrible job implementing the fixes and content they had planned for this game.Massive, unplayable disappointment."
76561197985346639,Not Recommended,302270,11379643,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,marxeil,"The game is advertised as being a 'complete' version, but in fact lacks important (for me) features like local MP.I don't know if anything else is missing, but describing a product as complete (when compared to the original) and in fact dropping features is not honest practice in my opinion."
76561198049148054,Not Recommended,302270,11376265,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,rick-lownds,i suggest you fix this game.  I play dungeon defenders quite abit with friends now i installed this new eternity version. Cant even get into the tavern. Playverse overides the whole game and freezes up. So now im stuck with a game that I had to pay for that i cant even play. I suggest you fix this.
76561198077656949,Not Recommended,302270,11374206,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dizzy,cant even creata an account to play. i click create account and it just loads forever as of right now i yet to have even played the game so sad
,Not Recommended,302270,11376790,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,【=◈︿◈=】 u·biq·ui·tous,"The game feels laggy and not as responsive as the original Dungeon Defenders. The texture streaming is just plain horrible. And what is this Playverse thing? Is it so hard to intergrate Steamworks into the game?Why couldn't Trendy just update the original game instead of doing this?Until major fixes are done with this game, my recommendation remains a NO. I am so worried about Dungeon Defenders 2 now..."
,Not Recommended,302270,11396398,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sord,"Does many things right, does more things wrongI was a big fan of dungeon defenders on 360. I probably put 200+ hours into it, then I moved over onto the steam version for the DLC. Seeing this on the featured tab got me excited. I read some negative review and read some positive and decided to try it out for the $6 price tag.Here are some of the things I thought were cool featuresLauncher downloading the necessary files to play then downloading the rest while you playMost of the DD1 DLC already included for freeImproved online features, less item/level hackers and suchNeat amulets/consumables. Stuff like a ""flash heal"" object that would heal everyone around you but had 1 useThere are more that I either missed or didn't remember to addNow for the things I really didn't likeAlways online DRMNo single player, only ""Private Matches""Removal of 4 player split screenFrequent network delays. I have an internet package of 50down/15up, yet when playing a private match I frequently noticed lag/delays while playing. Attack that archer to stop his attack? nope. Dodge out of the way of that ogre's swing? nah. There was also common rubberbanding while moving. Not really enjoyable.Shared taverns. Ever wanted to have 14+ players running around in the tavern calling out, placing defenses/auras/etc around, constantly chatting back and forth with that annoying chat noise? No? Too bad. It's there and you can't get a solo tavern(as far as I know)Auto mantle. There is an option to disable it, but it doesn't disable it entirely. Frequently when fighting a mob I would accidentally touch one of my defenses and automatically try to jump over it...in the middle of combat. With the option enabled every little ledge/thing that would normally stop you but is low enough to jump over it, forces you to jump. Very annoying""Streamlined"" UI. Maybe I just missed the option, but there's no ""UI Scale"" slider like there was in DD1. I found a lot of the text/numbers just too small and found myself leaning closer to my monitor just to read if that 3 was an 8 and such. There was also a lot of things that just seemed unnecessary and the UI often seemed cluttered.Removal of mana as currency and adding of gold coins. At first I thought this was a neat idea, but it seemed like I was getting less gc than I would mana originally. Oh well, it's not a huge issueRemoval of gear from the tavern shop? When I got back to the tavern after a game I went to the shop to find out that there wasn't any weapons/armor/pets in there for sale. After every match in DD1 me and my friends would check the shop to see if there was a good sword or pet or piece of armorALWAYS ONLINE DRM. Just to get into my first game I had to wait at the ""Searching. Joining tavern"" screen for about 5 minutes. About every minute of waiting I had to click the play button again to get the searching prompt pop up again just to have it close after a minute again. Then I got kicked off the game and had to wait...again. It's a really bad systemAll in all. I would say it's pretty neat but not really worth the buy. I'm glad I spent $6 not the full $20. If you were a fan of the original DD1 you will probably be disappointed if you can't get past some of the huge flaws. Who knows, though, maybe they'll fix it and in the future I'll be happy to have it in my collection.For the time being, though, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,302270,11406392,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Pukimak kau,"Same as the original, but cheaper because it has most of the DLCs in it, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interface, and in-game micro-transactions..."
76561198044980406,Not Recommended,302270,11379990,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Arthree,"Dungeon Defenders is the game that got me onto steam, i love it and I have played it for years. This version is incredibly dissapointing. I found myself constantly lagging and running into walls, the always online thing is incredibly unnecesary and makes the game slow and clunky. Absolutely nothing transfers over from the previous game, something that I think should have been made very clear in the purchase description. I'm really dissapointed, Dungeon Defenders is one of my all time favorite games and this new version doesnt come close to living up to the original. Oh and by the way making us bye Dyes for the characters is ridiculous, the previous game had an intuitive and fun color select menu, now you have to grind up coins just to unlock the ability to make one part of your character red."
,Not Recommended,302270,11396311,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[EOZ] Kunz,"First impressions - negative:- Public tavern (I hate this!),- unuseful inventory (I need a bottle of vodka to understand this♥♥♥♥♥♥),- small icons (I need glasses!),- ending countdown (why this?).Regarding gameplay - it's the same DD in refreshed sauce and more blur. So, dear game makers... If I make a private game, I want a private tavern - without anyone unknown person there who haven't my invite!EDIT: Played more than 12 hours, smth more negative added:- Playverse v3.0 seems become glitchy (got some play session logouts and very long waiting to join again),- still no controller support,- no nightmare mode by default (still don't know how to activate),- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ outfits still in inventory,- f*cking Playverse overlay a la EA Battlefield 3,- waiting ~30 sec. for joining private game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11396003,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Canadian,"Failed all expectations. Somehow degraded in quality to the point that the UI is barely functional, the gameplay ramp-up is extraordinarily slow (especially when matchmaking, as team mates frequently sell your structures in favour of their own), a steep drop in framerate (from 80+ -> ~50), and it seems very much like multiplayer is an afterthought (an odd thought considering its multi-platform nature) with no ability to votekick abusive players, and no way to prevent others from sabotaging an otherwise positive multiplayer experience.Incredibly frustrating to play if you have played the first. Save your money, skip this version, and wait for DD2 for a quality experience based on DD1. I don't feel comfortable calling this a complete game in light of these glaring UX issues."
76561198040030270,Not Recommended,302270,11380477,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,rr33rr44,"This is not a sequel, they tricked us all! The artstyle is shoddy and cartoonier. The store page is misleading as well. It's an MMO of sorts with loads of people in public taverns and no singleplayer choice. Therefore, Blam this piece of crap!"
76561198069218518,Not Recommended,302270,11378125,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tarkoen,I was hoping for a sequel but instead I got this laggy low quality online version of the original game. This was a complete waste of time and my money. They should have just done a patch for the original game to make the multiplayer better
,Not Recommended,302270,15513517,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Akalyptes,Waste of money. just buy DD and DD2. Not this.
,Not Recommended,302270,15960782,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Am Anti,Good thing I spent twenty dollars on this MONTHS ago! Now I don't have to worry about the mone- wait a minute...
,Not Recommended,302270,15760653,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tarew,"This game was supposed to be a big upgrade from the original Dungeon Defenders but all it did was make everything WAY more complicated than it had to be. If you're looking into getting this to play with friends, either get the newest Dungeon Defenders or get the original because this one is garbage."
,Not Recommended,302270,15749186,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Niscandia,"Abandonware, not much else to say about it anymore."
76561198178603405,Not Recommended,302270,15768887,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Enrik1789,"I really loved the smarthphone version and the console version of this game. I actually went all the way to have characters level 78 in the console version and managed to get the platinium trophy.Yet this version has been a huge dissapointment, I really felt like I was being ripped off, the added content seems okay in the overall (I have a friend that has this game pc version, and there are many new cool features which are described on their website). Yet this game is SOOOOOOO BUGGGGYYYY. I have the mac version, I mean, I understand since most people are on PC then most of the support should go there... But if you'r going to release your game on a platform make it at least playable on that platform. This game is so laggy I feel I am living some kind of slow motion flashback... And i have a 2000€ mac that runs pretty much all I have ever tried, and a fiber optic internet connection.To resume my grinds with this game are:-Of course BUGs AND LAG for the mac version ( can't imagine the linux version; must be like playing in screenshots). I mean even the downloading tool crashed during download I had to re-run around 8-10 times... Mouse sensitivy cannot be adjusted directly so say good by to any decent fluidity...-Fake ""offline mode"", so far EVERY SINGLE TIME I have launched this game in ""offline mode"" the game just crashed systematically. This also happens sometimes normally when you are connected so i tried again and again... never worked...-I knew before buying this but I feel I should point out that half of the new heros are a fraud, they are just the same heroes as before but with different skins, actions skill, and a bit different stats, they are 4 copies of each of the original heroes, they have the same towers! For a tower defense game that was dissapointing The ther ones are different altough really not a revolution IMO.I would just say I did not enjoy playing this game, I rarely post negative reviews because usually my problems are that I don't like features in the game but I had never played a game this buggy. It feels like a game in early acces, and I played more stable early acces games... I really loved DD concept but here I feel I just wasted 20€.I don't recomend this game if you are a not a pc user."
,Not Recommended,302270,15767211,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,The Ripper {Panda},"Biggest waste of $20 dollars ever. Game is horribly broken and abandoned by the developers. And to compensate for this crap fest of a game, they sent everyone who actually bought this a free copy of Dungeon Defenders 1. How about just giving us our damn money back? Don't buy this. Don't even be tempted by sales. Just stay away..."
76561198024198049,Not Recommended,302270,16036000,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Nicholas,Just stay away from this game and developer/publisher.
76561197991566894,Not Recommended,302270,11400962,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TankinGath,"I have been a huge fan of Dungeon Defenders for a long time and have very fond memories progressing through the game playing with friends and solo. That being said Dungeon Defenders Eternity has turned my once loved go to game into disappointing waste of time.While Trendy has recently patched the game to include online single player it has clear balance issues when played as such to the point of my avoiding it completely. This has caused my motivation and excitement when I saw the release into a strong aversion and dislike of the game in general.While the original had its own problems in regards the inventory management and loot distribution/progression this game has taken a severe step away from fixing these problems. When using said inventory I feel as if I am trying to smash a square peg into a round hole and leaves me only with a bitter taste in my mouth as this should be one of the simplest tasks considering the clear focus on the new progression and loot system Trendy has recently made.Playing with my group of friends has now become a challenge and lesson in patience with the addition of playverse dedicated servers and the poor interface for inviting and creating a party. This interface should be a seamless and painless procedure but falls far short of the mark. Being forced to return to the shared tavern after every level instead of just continuing the play through of the campaign has me frustrated and confused as it takes away from experience and fun of the main story by a rather large margin.The shared tavern itself seems to be only a cost saving measure and serves only to create chaos as I attempt to manage my characters after a level. I find my screen flooded in spam from players leaving and joining said tavern while my senses are assaulted by other players firing wildly testing their DPS or checking out what some new item does on use. As you attempt to compare current gear with recent loot the tool tips frequently disappear by players joining and dropping from the tavern further adding to my frustration.The gameplay itself has remained largely unchanged aside from a pointless crafting system, texture pop in and balance issues.If you own the original there is little to no point in purchasing this new version and strongly suggest you avoid it until some large changes are made and maybe not even then. Hopefully Dungeon Defenders 2 won’t leave me with such a bitter experience."
,Not Recommended,302270,23105682,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,••Rikka••,I fully regret buying this. its so terrible compared DD and though they say its an upgrade it takes away everything that made DD good. I would not recommend this game
76561197991070640,Not Recommended,302270,11384997,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ExP4U,"Game is a step backwards! Not sure wtf I just purchased. It is almost like when you see a popular app pop up on the market and there is like 30+ games that are knock offs right when they discover that the game makes tons of money. I can't honestly play this.....I just waisted 5 dollars. I would sooner throw my money away then support this. Says the same game you know and love in the trailer, and when you play it, well, it feels like crap. This does not seem like a friendly version made for pc. It feels wrong. Mobility was the goal here. It trashes the experiance I loved from dd1. If this crap comes out i'm starting to wonder if dd2 is going to be worth it at all. Was excited about DD2, not so much anymore. DON'T BUY THIS CRAP IF YOU LOVED THE FEEL OF DD1! This is nothing like it. It is not polished. It feels like a cash grab! I played this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of dd1. If this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the reason why they pushed back the launch of dd2 it was a terrible idea."
76561197988042614,Not Recommended,302270,11778440,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Desolater,This is seriously a scam and false advertisement its amazing steam hasnt pulled them from their for sale lists yet. It is appalling how this company could treat its customers in the manners they do just go read through a few more reviews or their forums and you will quickly realise you should never purchase a single product from this company. Check the trend of player activity for a good indication of how this game is doing it has died out extremely fast avoid trendy at all costs.
,Not Recommended,302270,21153545,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Luthy,I suck at writing reviews. This game sucks at being good. That about sums it up.
,Not Recommended,302270,11389876,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,a fun noodle,"This game feels like it should be a free to play game, instead you pay $20 (after 30th July 2014) and then get hit by F2P-esque features such as microtransactions (nothing pay to win, luckily).Having played a significant amount of the original, I would recommend that people buy and play through that instead of this."
,Not Recommended,302270,11705745,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,┏(--)┛۞┗۞(۞-۞-۞)۞┓┗(-_-)┛,Terribad!
,Recommended,302270,11709329,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SLCYeti,"Awesome Game. I really enjoy the concept of defense with towers, the tower options from various heroes, and the design. It's super fun, even better with friends."
,Not Recommended,302270,11666184,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,StanlySpedowski,"The game does not include Nightmare difficulty, Mixed Mode, or Pure Strategy Mode.The balance is actually worse than the original game.The game is in a beta / early access state.The original game is far superior, do not buy this remake"
,Recommended,302270,11670489,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,parkerton,Awesome and fun game. Play with friends!
,Not Recommended,302270,11457590,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,waterhouse,"This game appears to be a simple port from the mobile version of this game, rather than the advertised ""remastering"" of the original Dungeon Defender's game.  I had looked forward to the original game with additional features and perhaps upgraded performance, graphics, and perhaps additional gameplay modes.  Instead this game is a bonanza of microtransactions, public lobbies, horrific UI, with graphics at the same level, if not lower, than the original game.  This is not an early access, this was marketed and sold as a completed game, and sadly I was taken in with nostalgia for the original game.  I regret spending even the $6 to 'upgrade'.  I have spent a fair amount of money on early access, alpha, beta, and various other stages of games that just didn't pan out, but this purchase is the only one I regret wasting my money, and more importantly my time on."
,Not Recommended,302270,11371766,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,IMMACALLYOUJEFF,"DONT BE STUPID LIKE ME.I was a six pack in and saw that this was 70% off. being that I had 6 bucks in my steam wallet and wasn't in a good state of mind, I ended up purchasing this piece of garbage. From the miniscule period of time which I have spent with this game, I have been able to confirm for myself the lack of positive points to be said about it.In short, RUN. DEAR GOD, RUN."
,Not Recommended,302270,11373058,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,SpyderTheSir,Don't bother.
76561198052071699,Not Recommended,302270,11400057,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ron,I bought the game yesterday and when i try to create a account it keeps on loading for 1 hour + but i cant say if this will get fixed after a couple of updates
,Recommended,302270,11502087,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,LordJJ,"Game Review:Pros:GameplayNew system allows for a more rebalanced look at the classic dungeon defenders and grants old players that new player experience. While some feel that this is not true, I feel after playing DD1 for hours on end that this is in fact true. Keep in mind that the game does not allow you to transfer over a character from DD1, so you will have to start over at level 0. Each game you play presents the same thing you saw in DD1, chests, monsters, etc. However the chests are now for you only. What does this mean? Every player sees a chest and, lets just say that if another player tries to take it then they would just opened a chest that was for them specifically, you still have yours! Pretty cool... this means more mana than normal to start with, if you have enough players.CoinsThe game drops coins and mana now. Mana is used for upgrading towers and using special abilities like amulets, pets, and hero skills. Coins are used for upgrading armor and weapon pieces. This does provide a nice divide between the fighting environment and the tavern environment.MicrotransactionsWait what? Why did I list this as a pro? Okay, so here's the deal. Trendy decided to setup any real money transactions that will allow people to buy emotes... and that's it. Good job on that one, I'm cool with this. If you need a little extra cash for emotes, I'll do that.AmuletsNew items have been added to help boost the gameplay. The amulets can do multiple types of abilities depending on which one of 4 you can bring into battle. Some of the abilities that you can choose are repair towers, weaken enemies, heal players, boost weapon damage, and so on.BlueprintsBlueprints drop randomly throughout maps you play. You can use ingredients found in chests to then craft the item on the blueprint at the craftmaster found in the tavern. Some people say that this provides an overall better stats item, however, I did not notice this. But I will say you can save the blueprint and make multiple weapons or armor if you wish, which is cool if you want to have multiple pieces of the same armor because it has awesome tower stats!InventoryThe new inventory system is much easier to useonceyou get through the challenges of learning how to manipulate the commands. For example ""M"" unlocks all items that are displayed, ""A"" sells all items that are displayed. I'm being specific in saying ""that are displayed"" because if they aren't displayed with your filter settings on, then you won't sell them on accident... huge bonus :) They also added folders just like the old game, however you have a bit more freedom with how many you can add. Oh yeah... did I mention 0/1000 slots? That's much better.DyesDyes are cool if you are into asthetics, however, I am not. But none-the-less this is an awesome feature for people who like to get off on detailed coloring of their armor pieces. The amount of detail that was added so you can completely customize the color scheme is, to me, a bit more than I care to do, especially since I'm swapping gear so often. Until the recent patch v3.2 you were unable to sell dye and it would stack in your inventory. Now it's been fixed.PetsPets are different in this game than the original DD1. In this game you find eggs and you hatch them by putting them in your amulet slots and let them get exp while you fight. Once it notifies you that the egg is ready to hatch then you go into a forge and inspect the egg. There will be an option to hatch the egg and it will produce for you a random pet. Each pet has it's own passive ability as well as an activated ability, which is hotkeyed to ""X"". This system allows you to experiment and determine which pet you want for yourself rather than run a map over and over for, I dunno, something like a kobold?ColorsWhile a lot of people complain about the color of the texture and say ""it's blurry"" etc, I want to let everyone know that the game does say ""Please allow for images to stream because they may be blurry in the beginning"", which was true. Once I allowed for the game to play for a while, the color system worked pretty well. There is a difference and after going back to DD1 to help a friend, I prefer the new DDE colors.Cons:Trendy Overlay MenuThe game no longer seems to be running through steam systems. When I attempt to go visit ""who I've partied with recently"" it no longer records them. In addition, the overlay menu that trendy uses is extremely difficult and in what appears to be a beta type version. Nothing is easy or smooth. To access the menu first press F11, completely out of the way and not as easy as Shift-Tab for Steam Overlay menu.Party SystemIf you want to party with your friends get ready for a challenge. If they are in the same tavern as you, awesome you are in luck! Press Esc and look for their name and ""add to party"", cool right? Okay what if they aren't one of the 16 players in the tavern? Sh!t.... ok go to Overlay menu F11, go to the second tab from the top, click right twice until you get to friends, click the dropdown on your friends name, click add to party and wait... did he add? Oh he's gotta accept.... ok he finally accepted. F11 to get back outta overlay menu. They could make it much more user friendly if they tried.Survival MapsSurvival maps used to be in waves, 1 to 35 for tavern defense in DD1. NO LONGER IS THIS TRUE, this is pretty cool in my book. This does present a problem because now you are confined to 1 character through the entire survival, not cool;  sometimes we want to level our alts. In addition to this issue there is also an issue with mana in the beginning. Each player has their own chest as mentioned before, which would limit you as a single player trying to build for an entire survival because you cannot switch and build the build completely as you would in DD1. For example Endless Spires Survival, if I run it as a single player I get 375 total from all the chests, if I have 3 other players I would get 1500 mana for my build because players can pool mana like in DD1. So at the moment survival sucks because we HAVE to bring in other players in order to build the build we want.KickingNone. They don't have it in the game. If you wanna go in and afk 24/7 to get up to level 60, go for it. The only thing they have to prevent afking is a very long timer that attempts to sense if you are afk after something like 25 minutes of ""not moving"" which doesn't include being dead. So if someone is afk and keeps dying, well they get to be in the game the entire time.Stage Selection & LFGThe stage selection screen is quite nice, however it's just my personal opinion that the screen is larger than need be and not as concise in the information presented. The biggest drawback looking for a game to play with random people is that you cannot see all of the maps that are in play. If you haven't completed the stage, it won't show for you if others have space. This really limits the number of people who join your game, especially if you are doing end game content and need the help of others.Scanning your lootThere is an issue that causes the game to not hold the comparison window up of an equipped item and an item you are mousing over. This blip of disappearance is on-set by people joining the tavern, and taverns are public so this happens very often.Should I buy it?The game has it's pro's and con's as you can see above. After being a fan of DD1 and coming to DDE I was originally seething with anger because of what I saw, however, now I can say that I really enjoy DDE more than DD1. You just gotta get in the game and play it a bit. It's worth it in the end and I support it, even with all it's terrors."
76561197972284490,Recommended,302270,14170668,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,NoxFox,An interesting revisit of Dungeon Defenders. There are a few issues I hope get addressed though. Here's a video review of my in depth thoughts on the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpE3jfsjKDI
,Not Recommended,302270,24491158,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,liga,I dont recommend this game because noone actually plays it I have a few other reasons but if theres a team game with no team you already know whats going to happen.
,Not Recommended,302270,11375632,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jaune,"First of all, I learn this the hard way : this is a portable device version of the original game. There are no more content or else like the steam page is saying.So basically,- buy this if :* you didn't played the first game and want all the content for not that much money* you have steam on a portable device, and you are curious about this game which is kinda fun- do not buy if :* you want to play whit the gamepad (menues are really not done for, and you can't imagine how BAD they manage the menues everywhere, you can't even color your char/crystal yourself)* you want to play it on a non tactile device* don't like messy menues* like customisation* like to discover content (you can access almost all the levels from the beginning, and this is very messy if you do not know the game yet)"
,Not Recommended,302270,11399356,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,BAMFington,"No real need to buy this game unless you don't have the 1st game or what to see the new changes. The dev says that some sort of content will be able to carry over to Dungeon Defenders 2, but that's unclear at the moment. I wouldn't say that it's an early access game, but at the time of this review it needs some work."
76561198003731612,Not Recommended,302270,11399629,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Freddy{FML},"ALPHA GAME NOT COMPLETE!If you played the other game and was like hey this should be great don't waste your money. The lobby system is EVERY ONE ON THE SERVER JOINS THE SAME TAVERN TO THEN PICK THERE MAP. so you start out with horrible lag followed by ear shattering screams of the characters.This is nothing more than a cash grabe just wait for 2 to come out, stick with the first one or say ♥♥♥♥ it all together and go masterbate it would be a better use of your time and money. such a let down.I wish i could get my money back!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11404520,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[LINUX]Wolfyrion,STAY AWAY!!!At the moment this game is not working in Linux so even if you buy it you will not be able to play it...Just a waste of money...  I feel like I have been robbed...I would feel better if I had donate this 6 Euro to someone than buying this crap.....
,Not Recommended,302270,11408388,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,redhornet,its not single playerbut if you put armor on it does show when you put it on
76561198063922208,Not Recommended,302270,11374505,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,AlexTheSeal,"This game is awful do not buy waste of money just buy ""dungeon defenders"" because it is a much better game!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11376651,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,sporeboy100,"this is no better than the original, if you are interested in playing dungeon defenders, just grab the original, best do so whilst its on sale so the DLC for the original is all set and ready to go without making any more paymentsor simply put, this is the Rollercoaster Tycoon 4 Mobile of the Dungeon Defender series: a Free2Play game with a paytollgive everyone who bought this ripoff a full refund VALVe!"
76561198024731628,Not Recommended,302270,11393390,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Onza40,"So, it's pretty much DD 1 again, but with a slightly modified interface (not better or worse really, about the same), and some horrendous overlay which is entirely unneccessary.The gameplay itself, and balance immediately seems better though.I'm just not sure why this had to come with all the trash added.To turn this into a positive recommendation I would need:- No stupid overlay, just use steamworks- Ability to move UI elements rather than just resizing the whole thing- No IAPs for skins, this is just money grabbing as we've already payed for your game, twice"
76561198040268087,Not Recommended,302270,11385198,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Spagooter Intruder,Reskin of base game
76561198056671875,Not Recommended,302270,11389815,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ElBoob,"No controller support, your options will be removed. The game is laggy and slow.Early access game not in the early access category."
76561198056812046,Not Recommended,302270,11775249,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ChiceNaps,Permanently stuck at the create a playverse account loading screen. Really not cool to buy a game and you can't even launch it. Huge thumbs down.
76561198007670199,Not Recommended,302270,11384696,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Blood,Feels too much like a tablet game.
76561198046816203,Not Recommended,302270,11391603,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,2Edgey™,"Not a fan of this version, only being said because i have a rather slow internet and can not be helped. Yes i only played for a short amount of time but when i tried to load in i couldn't tell what i was doing since the UI wouldn't load, had lag in a ""Private"" game.. that being said maybe if my internet was faster i could enjoy the game since i do like the art style and gameplay but sadly my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet ruins yet another game for me or maybe they could of done us a favor and let us download the game before be play it since i rather wait 5hrs for it to download then sit in game and wait 5hrs for it to download, unless someone knows if there is a way to download the game with out being in the game then at least i could download it over night...."
76561197998567907,Not Recommended,302270,11392021,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Anchor Baby,waste
,Not Recommended,302270,11395051,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,night_rider_2003,"Not worth buying if you want to play it, play the orginal verison of the game. its much better"
,Recommended,302270,25600073,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Cr4zYcH1cK3nB0Y,"Do you base a good review of a game on how many people are logged in to the game?Do you base a good review of a game on how similar it is to another game?Do you base a good review of a game on how often the developers update the game?Do you base a good review of a game on what they could of done with the game?Do you base a good review of a game on what others think of the game?Or do you base a good review of a game on what that game actually is?This game is fun, bottom line.  Even if nobody plays it anymore, it doesn't mean that it's not fun.  You can compare it with DD1.  And yeah, there are some similarities.  The maps, and the characters.  After all, it is the Definitive Version of the game.  But that's pretty much where the similarities stop.I'm like others when they say that they will defend this game till the end, because there's nothing wrong with it honestly.  This is the Definitive Version, and it is a little tougher than DD1.  You cannot just blow through it like an insane mad man like you could in DD1.I just want to point out a couple of really nice things they accomplished with making DDE.1)They made it more of a challenge.2)They made it cross-platform.3)They made it run on just about anything imaginable.4)They made it to where you cannot cheat (online of course) like you could in DD15)In some ways, they made it more fun.6)They made it to where you get all the DLCs that you have to pay for in DD1, in DDEI'd like to get all you naysayers out there, to really look at this game for what it is.  Not for how ""DD1 is better than this"" point of view.  I'll admit, DD1 does have some things that are better, like the private tavern, and the various level item drops.  But there are several things that DDE has that DD1 just didn't.And what I hope more people will do, is not trash one game because another that is like it is better, but instead, look at that game alone and figure why it is good, or why it is bad.  That may be a dying hope though, because most of you seem to be on the bandwagon and you may be riding it with too much pride. Heh"
,Not Recommended,302270,11364882,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Natwalk,"This game, as it currently stands sucks compaired to the Dungeon Defenders. When i first booted up the game I didnt have a choice of what i would like to do like in the original, it just loaded me into a tavern with like 10 other people. Being very confused as to how to switch to a squire instead of a monk which i spawned with i went to the shop keeper where i discovered one use items like potions and bombs and stuff along with a real money cash shop. In this cash shop you pay a dollar for character emote that only apply to one skin rather then all of them. After that disapointment i went to the vault where I found multiple things that confused me. Instead of having a some buttons that take you to your character info, bank, etc. it loads you to one menu that contains your bank, character info and character select at the bottom which sounds good untill you see that all of your character skins, pets, weapons, and armor are all mixed together in the bank area of the screen with no option to put things in separate folders like in the original, instead they give you two drop down menus that let you select a catagory of item out of the 12+ different types of items. Ex: Amulet, Mask, emotes, helmet, gloves, shield, weapon, shoulder pad, wrist gaurd. Then i went to the crystal to try to start a game and to my unhappyness I had to wait for other players... with no option to play solo or with one other person. There had to be 4 people in a game at all times. If someone left the spot would almost instantly be filled by another player. I did however learn that each player gets their own chests at spawn and you dont need to share but they only contained 20 mana each on the first level meaning you only will get 80 mana at start instead of the possable 160. Over all I think this game is designed for a phone, tablet or other mobile device not for PC or Mac"
,Not Recommended,302270,11365060,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Legguar,"Looks fun, but not worth the money.+fun multi-no single-in game store real money-downloads updates from launcher(the purpose of steam is to keep games up to date easily without launching anything or searching for updates-has issues finding steam api-seperate account from steam-cant use steam friends/join game-ui is ugly-social ui.....everything about itannoying, looks are unapealing, clashes with gameinvites to friends list and groups are long, choppy, and all around a pain-everything streams in the first time it loads which makes playing annoying-starting a game is a pain-NO tool tips or explanations-Games have to have 4 players"
76561198027249173,Not Recommended,302270,11365572,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,sneezyfido,"A few minutes in, I failed to find how to switch characters. Except by re-logging, I'd get another one each time.Solo or private play is gone, replaced by a very full, messy tavern. There's no peace and quiet to be found when you'd like to try your hand at something new either.It might become better.. But right now this issue of an existing game needs a lot more work than was ""fixed"" on the original."
76561198042182302,Not Recommended,302270,11366032,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,phadin,"Very dissapointing.  No solo play, and a number of losses in the gameplay department.  I started it up and picked up my controller, only to find it was K&M only.  The shop in the tavern is now a cash shop as well, instead of an equipment shop.  Money grab, and a bad one at that.  Buyers remorse... the only bright note?  For me the discounts meant it only cost me $6 instead of the full $20 price tag to figure out this was a horrible mistake."
,Not Recommended,302270,11366243,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jonzn,Horrible. Broken Third-Party DRM. Was so excited until I logged in and played it. Avoid at all costs. This makes me nervous about what the 2nd DD might be like. :(
76561198084003796,Not Recommended,302270,11409776,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ej,lame
76561198019366608,Recommended,302270,11454236,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gray_Paladin,"For those who don't know, Dungeon Defenders is technically a tower-defense game, where every map is essentially a PvE arena where you are protecting your central crystal. But, it has some fun RPG elements with the characters you choose.There was a lot of negative flack about this editiion when it was first released. I think the negative reactions where kneejerk and misguided. The company has worked to get their servers more responsive. That has been successful. The game has also had some very needed balances corrected from the original and I can enjoy the weaker classes much more than before. There have also been a huge number of elements added to the game (e.g., crafting, dyes, outfits, etc), and more sophisticated play together UI. The negative criticism also was directed at a lack of single player, but really, you can host a private session with yourself or with any friends you want to bring along any time you want. Really, it's an excellent and incredibly addicting game. If it seems hard at first try a squire first, apprentice second. Those two characters are far and away the most powerful. But, the ranger, and most of the other classes have become far more playable. Summoner is a blast but requires some sophisticated play.In any case, I recommend this game unreservedly, giving it about an 85% -- and I think it will continue to improve as the devs polish it further. Hang in and enjoy. It is a blast!"
,Recommended,302270,11464989,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,jonah206,have have spent many hours playing this game and plan to spend many more playing this extremly adictive game! I highly Dungeon Deffenders Eternity.
,Not Recommended,302270,11474602,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Squidward Tentpoles,"Dugeon Defender fans don't buy this garbage.This 'dlc' ruins the dungeon defender experience. It forces you to always be in an online game with other random people. Not only that, but because of this new log-in system, I have lost all my characters and their gear. You too will lose all your fond memories and your menu screens as well. With the new, always on-line system, there is no need for menu screens for customizing your crystal and such. Trendy Entertainment erased hours of my life because /some/ people cheated their game and they felt it ruined the experience for others.  Well now my experience was ruined by Trendy Entertainment.For shame Trendy Enterainment; This is not how Dungeon Defenders was meant to be played. You got it right the first time."
76561198044846694,Recommended,302270,11478441,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Preyen,"The game is good, you dont need to worry about the negative reviews since most of things they whine about was already fixed. There is still few bugs and servers gets overloaded sometimes, but if you are atleast a little bit patient you will be ok."
76561198141661326,Not Recommended,302270,11482031,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tigs,can't even play it says downloading file core resources the loops back to 0% each time
,Not Recommended,302270,11411506,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Minnowchurch,Suprise! An MMO! If I wanted people to yell at me for being bad at a game I'd play DOTA 2 or LoL.
,Not Recommended,302270,11415697,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Soap Dragon,Don't bother getting this game even if it is $5 it does'nt work at its current state and uses a SEPERATE LAUNCHER which causes so many problems. It uses Playverse which is worse that Uplay and Origin combined. The devs dun goofed
,Not Recommended,302270,11419801,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ConTempLaTioN,"I liked DD1 very much however, DDE feels too clunky with its playverse multiplayer platform. For players who have an unsteady internet connection, it will take FOREVER to connect to the playverse server. not only the launcher needs it to login, gameplay is fully dependent on its existence. As other reviews have said, there isn't a single player option, although does prevent hacking, but it GREATLY reduced the game's performance. DD should really come up with a fix to the connectivity problem. if you buy this game and cannot play it due to mass lag, whats the point? not even worth a penny if you spend hours trying to connect to the game."
,Not Recommended,302270,11422061,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,FooBee,"I loved the original, and I wish I could like this one too, but I cannot play it. They force you into a public tavern where if you are lucky enough to even get in your surrounded by idiots spamming towers. I trieed for almost 30 minutes just to play the game and could not connect to their lame terrible servers. If only they offered a single player verson of this I would reccomend. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Assuming you even get to a game you will be disconnected before its finished. Not one good thing to say about this."
,Not Recommended,302270,11444908,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Karayao,NMB
,Not Recommended,302270,11456482,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jamie | Joker,"This should not be its own game all it is, is a hud tweak some ,balalancing and taken away some thing"
,Recommended,302270,11469846,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Whatcha Doing,"Although I have thumbs up this game for the recommendation. I want to thumbs down it too. I am truly happy that they were able to get out another game, but to put out this type of unpolished game that is not ready for the ""real"" world to play ain't worth the time and effort. As I was unable to play. I thought why not make the game into a early beta instead of actually releasing it to the public and making people buy it. Just to have problem downloading or playing it.My current problem that is occuring to my not being able to play DDE is unable to join tavern as of right now. ( And no it's not my firewall or anything like that.)I'm not saying it bad nor is it good. It's meh. Though it does have a lots of problem to fix such as:Server mass problem, unable to join tavern, downloading file problem, character problems, lag occuring, and many other more.As of now time will tell whether this game going to be horrible or better than it's original. Playverse and TE hope they get their stuff together cause I really want to play this game."
76561198072282566,Recommended,302270,11471475,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sephranex,<3 it
,Not Recommended,302270,11421722,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Manet,"I'm sure this game has a lot of fun content and good mechanics but the camera is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's way too close and it moves around way too much, I could not play this without getting a nausea. I understand that they would do that on mobile because of the smaller screen and to increase performance but these problems don't exist on a PC.Its a really bad experience on the PC so If you want to play the game get it on mobile."
,Recommended,302270,11473839,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Gingerbread Man,"I'm having more fun with it than the original... Original 35 hours. This one I've clocked almost 24 hours on already and have had it for a few days only. It was also nice getting all the DLC for 5 bucks, as I didn't have it previously. The only thing that is really a concern right now is latency, which has been $#!+ for me the past day. Before I was playing fine but I can't play at all today, which is something that will probably be fixed (tons of people are lagging from what I've been reading). I don't understand all the hate coming from the community myself. It almost seems like they hate it just for existing, because... Reasons which got patched in a day to a week from release? They changed and rebalanced the game. Appearently the original had hacked items everywhere as well due to everything being kept locally. I really don't see any reason to hate the game so much.Bottom line, there are Pros and Cons to the game. It came out a week ago running on new software they made, and they aren't a huge studio. I expect them to continue improving and putting more content into it. If you look at everything they have been doing you should come to this conclusion too."
,Not Recommended,302270,11481867,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,{SoR} Blackfire1,"Don't bother getting this game.They took out everything that was fun with the origonal. I honestly feel like I'm playing an alpha build of the finished game.-No NPC shop-No Personal Shops-Summoner's pet count is tied into the Defence total.-No way to properly upgrade weapons without hassle.-THE GUI IS A ♥♥♥♥ING MESS. OMG. Seriosly the GUI make MWO's look good.-No real local only mode-""hacker free"" servers WITH NO KICK OPTION and more exploits then the origonal game.Over all a great step back. I wish I didn't buy it even if it IS 5$"
76561198058039023,Not Recommended,302270,11380252,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Samax,"Kinda let down by this as I loved Dungeon Defenders, hopefully this games train reck will allow for a better Dungeon Defenders 2 that I am really looking forward too."
76561198118874073,Not Recommended,302270,11411564,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Erich,This is a great game but it needs work.
76561198007021413,Not Recommended,302270,11366604,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Juri,Noy impressed. Micro transactions and no single player? Graphics arn't as good as original. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,302270,11364878,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Hilary T. & Zeus,"Buy the original, this version is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Not Recommended,302270,11364880,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ctrl alt del u,EA version of Dungeon Defender with build in cashshop.Games not loading. Only online. Cant play private Games.
76561198039711489,Not Recommended,302270,11365218,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lyrien Snow,launcher doesn't even start0/10
76561198041725582,Not Recommended,302270,11365238,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jakeArozen,Nothing like the first its a lie
76561197966179710,Recommended,302270,11504136,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,mazak,Totally Worth it if you like tower defense and RPG element.
,Not Recommended,302270,11373416,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Done.,"This ""game"" is so bad it gave me a migraine.This no private tavern thing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You wait in a queue to play, you can't choose colors for your character, it's hard to find your friends, and once you do finally get into a game it's a black screen for everyone involved. Then you can't even get back to the tavern! I had to kill the process and then throw up.As someone who loves DD1, I so do not recommend this game. Wait for DD2, then wait for reviews to see if it is also a waste of money."
,Recommended,302270,11376480,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,SweetestLove,"This is worth your money,if you liked DD1 then you will love this,even at full price,all the dlc,all character skins and characters is worth the purchase.Fun,good mechanics and worth the time."
76561198026574949,Not Recommended,302270,11444337,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,|RAZ|,"The original Dungeon Defenders is a complete game with tons of content, 4 player split screen co op, full controllers support, mod support that allows for removal of player cap and new levels. I can't help but look at Dungeon Defenders Eternity as a downgrade. I think the right way to look at this game is this. If you really want to play this game online get this version. If you would rather have a more complete game, get the original. There are a lot of upsides to this addition, but it comes at a price. It also does not run as smoothly, so if computer specs are an issue pick up the first one instead. While I would like to imagine they would fix things up and do right by their community, they seem to be charging forward forgetting what got them here in the first place. It is extremely important to improve upon your game without sacrificing what people liked about it."
,Not Recommended,302270,11408448,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Aluerris/Vonkriegor,For old dd fans out there. Take care when purchasing this. I havent played it long. But I have 100's of hours in the original dd.Let me start out with the tavern. Which is now a bunch of whiney kids complaining about everything and everyone spamming the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone. Annoying.Second. Liked a ranged character? Have fun trying to actually hit things because even if you marker indicates that you can hit your target. It will just shoot past it. Even if you're standing POINT BLANK in front of your enemies. Dumb.Second. The UI and all the screens got so confusing. Its over-detailed and not needed. The old interface served it much better. But this is a personal opinion.I found the game to be less responsive aswell. Slower responses to quickkeys for building etc.The graphics are much better. But thats about it.If you like dd. Stick with that version. This one is ATM not worth it. This needs alot of work before it can be considered close to the original.
,Recommended,302270,11370426,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ponylarity,"Reading the reviews and forum posts originally made me think ""Wow i just wasted 5.99"" but after actually giving the game a shot more then 5minutes or  just seeing up to the loading screen; Yes it pretty much is dungeon defenders minus some DLC maps and plus some unlocked costumes. However there are some interesting aspects to it, the pet hatching for one, and if your into cosmetics then of course the whole new armor changing appearence and dye system is a great feature. Other then that it's pretty much what they described, Dungeon Defenders with some tweaks while you wait for DD2.All in all, if your hardcore into dungeon defenders and spent billions of hours playing it, you might instinctively dislike this. But doesn't mean people should nerd rage all over it either just because you spent all that time, it has its merits for those who never really got into the first one for one reason or another, or just got tired of playing the original because of all the overpowered hacked and exploited characters.Final verdict. Not what i was hoping for, but at least I dont feel like i wasted money. If you give it an honest try without pre-judging it, then it's playable and thats all you can expect from the devs so cut them some slack."
,Recommended,302270,11370497,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Zmoliski,"This is coming from me having over 1000 hours played on the original Dungeon Defenders...I almost didn't buy because of the reviews. Please, if you like the original you will like thisSomethings have changed!!! It is a little confusing at frist but once you look around a bit it will all make senseIt is NOT A MOBLE VERSION.. I dont know why other reviews are writing this.All of the real money IS FOR ACCSSORIES ONLY. You dont have to spend a dime after purchasing,YOU CAN CREATE PRIVATE MATCHES!! Again,  I dont know why people are saying this.. Most of this is done throughthe trendy net new UI. (very easy to use)Great game!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11416515,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Vaupell,"If you are exspecting the same quality that you got from ""Dungeon defenders"" YOU WILL BE LET DOWN.This seems like a panic grasp for more cash to complete the long over due development time of DD2.Even worse is the incoorperation of playverse to manage multiplayer sessions etc, which is removing from thequality and good feel the original Dungeon defender have.Sertainly a downgrade."
,Recommended,302270,11373837,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Darkshield,"Literally unplayable. Everything is dark, characters are see-through. It's literally just pretending to be an 'upgraded' version, when it's really just something they should have patched the original game with. Oh, and it also has a cash shop.Way to go, Trendy. Completely lost the trust of most, if not all of your fanbase.24/07/2014 Edit,Apparently a fix for the aforementioned bug was found, the game is actually playable. The cash shop is apparently only for cosmetic items. The game may be fun, sure. But I still feel a little cheated. All that progress lost."
,Recommended,302270,11371839,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,S1,"Aside from the negative comments, the game adds new features to an old genre-mind♥♥♥♥ing classic. The micro transactions are emotes and don't effect the game. I've had a good time exploring the new levels and am intending on continuing to play and explore what It has to offer. Thanks trendy,"
,Not Recommended,302270,11365637,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sadimir Poutine,"Quick cash in on the old game, a port of the tablet version with in app purchases :(. I paid 6$ for a downgrade, no local multiplayer, no being able to play private games. Trendy, you just changed me from must buy dungeon defenders 2 to wait and see."
,Recommended,302270,11408222,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kurja,"I was a big fan of original Dungeon Defenders. Played it too many hours. So I might say I know what I want from DD game.Let's keep this simple, DDE couldn't be done as an update to original game. There are too many changes. Most of all new online only. Old game was ridded by hackers. Financial side is awful. Mana was worth nothing in trading. Now with DDE, everything starts from beginning. Perhaps keeps hackers out for good.Now pros & cons:Pros-New loot, more sets and cosmetic changes-Full wipe, game really needed it-New maps, haven't yet tried many, still.-Pet hatching-Control over hotkeys. So good system now, you can remap num keys for different characters way you need/like.-New survival system. I have just scratched surface, tried Deeper Well at medium difficulty, survived about 20 minutes with level 14 character.-I don't mind the new inventory. Make folders ;) I personally made folders for armor, weapons, pets etc. Inside armors I made folders Old School and New School where I put old armor and new ones.-Maybe even more stuff I haven't yet tried or discovered :P-Always online, no more hackers.Cons-Always online. One thing that bugs me, we should get personal taverns. As I organise my inventory, almost everytime peep joins or leaves, dragged item drops.. And too much hazzle. Need some privacy :D-Possibility of downtimes on servers.-I'd like to have everything integrated at steam. Another account at Playverse.. Oh well, just have to live with it.I recommend this game upgrade for old and new players. For missing LAN support, what kind of LAN party is it if there's no good internet connection? :)"
,Not Recommended,302270,11386559,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Se1337i,♥♥♥♥ING ALIENS COLONIAL MARINES SEQUAL RIGHT HERE.JUST ANOTHER MONEY GRAB.
76561198087599540,Not Recommended,302270,11403351,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,HyperGiant,"Hello Devlopers or who ever read this ,there is an issue that i find myself and many people that we can't realy play this game  my PC gear is great , more than enough to run this game , and still when ever i lunch to this game i eneded up playing the game with no brightness , and when i go into battle same happens which make this game imposiable to play . I belive that the game development isn't complete yet so i would not recommend anyone to play it yet , i realy love the consept of this game and idea is realy great , i am asking to check if game is capble to run on Windows 7 64 bit with video card Nivida 460 please . moreover i ended up playing a game that i payed twice for it (me and my friend who can't run out of lack of good Video card) on the browser but after less than a day it impossiable to start the game even there for no reason .Trust me please i have read and spent hours of finding a sulotion but no one who ever wrote about it in any fourm ended up with no sulotion for this lack brightness problem ."
,Recommended,302270,12335338,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Xanoth,"It's still technically early access but with regular free content updates it's now in a state that I'd recommend it.The new content is really good and very enjoyable, amulets and Embermount Volcano especially.It's got a long way to go but it certainly has the potential to be everything it claims, it just needs time and support."
,Recommended,302270,12378382,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Shivering Slayer,"After the little troublesome start you guys got it up and running, which is splendid. Great upgrade to the first game, a lot of new game elements and and overall better look to the game. I salute you Trendy. Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,302270,12830074,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ice™,"A constantly improving version of the original Dungeon Defenders,complete with its DLC.They release almost weekly updates on big topics mentioned in the steam forums. Thumbs up for listening to the players.The game starts off balanced,but eventually you can become more powerful than the enemies you defend against. Then they add a new monster/map. Great way to keep things fresh. I highly recommend the game in its current state,Although it's even better with 1-3 extra friends to bring along."
,Not Recommended,302270,14523734,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Longhornx9,You have to open a launcher to download the game and then it takes forever to download. Its not my internet causing im running 4GLTE on my wifi and my computer has no problems with steam. The only good game they made was dungeon defenders. Eternity and Number 2 are crappy.
,Not Recommended,302270,11402656,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,MilesProwler,Does not run in Linux. Ubuntu 14.04. Black screen.
,Not Recommended,302270,11370584,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Hiryuu,"Played it for about four hours, I'd tell you hold off for now.  If you're one of those that purchased the original and are curious to what an alpha version of DD2 is, then you can satisfy your curiosity at a cost of your fast food breakfast.  Even with the rushed out single player, there is still more work to be done.  Trendy was very shady with this release.The game plays very much the same as its predecessor except no way to set up co-op between your friends outside of connecting to a public lobby to do so (as far as I am aware of this posting) which makes creating games that much more difficult.  If it is possible the current layout of the game is confusing and far from intuitive.  People that were used to controller play more than keyboard play will find themselves at a loss and trying to at least remap what they can do with their controller.  There's very little in the way of that support in this iteration which may perhaps be a sign for DD2.Disappointed that this isn't tagged alpha or early access.  This is in no way a finished product."
,Not Recommended,302270,11370752,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Last BeNeVoLeNcE,Total waste of time and money.This is definitely different from the original.....It takes AWAY what made the original fun--4-PLAYER LOCAL CO-OP GAMEPLAY.
,Not Recommended,302270,11371520,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TeaBagAllDay,"LITERALLY, the just literally, copy and pasted this game from Dungeon Defender 1 and trying to call this a new game.100% scam, sad, remove this game off steam please."
76561197962830590,Recommended,302270,13024929,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Manly PMS,"Loving it - played dd1 more than I would like to admit, and this was a breath of fresh air.I hate that they took minion units out (oh do I ever hate that), but otherwise this fixes everything that was wrong with dungeon defenders 1. Now it just needs to fix its own problems (as they are doing with frequent patches)."
76561198007966690,Not Recommended,302270,11378317,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Argorash,Crashes when doing anything other than Menu Simulator 2014.Not a game of the year 2014.
,Not Recommended,302270,11371939,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Torinir,"As others have mentioned in their negative reviews, this game stinks like a mobile app ported to PC.No real single player, just private matches online which friends can still join even if not desired. No private tavern. Poor matchmaking instead of server listings. Microtransactions. Streamed game files instead of locally stored content. No offline mode. No content creation tools.If you want to play DD, play the original. Pass this by. The few new maps do not counter all the other poor decisions made in this game's development."
76561198067409317,Not Recommended,302270,11402889,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lanko,"DON'T BUY IT.....YETI will change my review when it is fixed but I am gonna give it a fortnight before i bother ltrying againThe new features are fun and the two new maps I have played so far are cool, but there are some serious design and installation issues;The install resets everytime you reopen the game and 90% of the time it fails to create a game session from the tavern (even a private game session).  This makes it pretty much unplayable most of the time.  I have tried reinstalling and deleting my data several times with no luck.But when it does work, these design issues bring the game down;*A lack of a private tavern, which leads to a stuffed tavern where you have to climb over everyone else.*After EVERY game you have to go back to this tavern, and when you play a new match you have to wait 35 seconds for the   lobby countdown, even if you are on your own.*There is no restart button so if you botch a set up its back to the tavern and several minutes of loading.*The new inventory system is VERY confusing, why can't we just have the old one ?*The ""Report a Bug"" button crashes the game************THIS ISN'T A PROBLEM FOR ME PERSONALLY BUT EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW, YOU CANNOT USE OLD ITEMS OR CHARACTERS, EVERYTHING NEW FROM SCRATCH**********"
,Not Recommended,302270,11379942,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,(SCAR) Volatol,"please dont buy this game, you will throw 15.00 in the trash like me. its not a bad game or anything, it just plain doesnt even work."
76561198122367106,Recommended,302270,11396589,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Reiido,"its fun, but the game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥, and there is a ♥♥♥♥ ton of bug, so i would recommend this game for those that is willing to stand the lag and the bug that happen every 5 minutes."
76561198131709809,Recommended,302270,11397957,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,triskelion,"I will update this review as I play the game more.I have only opened the game 2 times the first time it would not load so I had to uninstall and reinstall it to get it to finish loading. First impressions: I do NOT like how the game is set up for use with a controller. DD1 works much better for the controller in menus and other things where you just changed what was selected not just using a joystick to control where the mouse is pointing. I do like that there seems to be a lot of content and like the fact that you can change your appearance with gear. Overall I liked DD1 and am sure that I will like this as well, however it would be nice if they would fix the way the game controller works."
,Recommended,302270,13314116,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RMCora,"TL;DR: It's a new and overall great perspective on a familiar game many love, with it's issues, but it is an overall welcome addition to the Dungeon Defenders series.Longer review:I absolutely loved Dungeon Defenders 1. They got a lot of things right, and all into one accessible game. Now Dungeon Defenders Eternity came out, keeping in mind a lot of the issues that were in the original Dungeon Defenders.They have largely smashed the hacker issue, due to server-side items. This requires an online connection, and I'm more than happy with that in return for limiting hackers.They have have several notable changes to the class mechanics, some major, and some even controversial. In my view, the way to look at this is... this is not DD1. This is a familiar game, with a new perspective. Are the changes for the best? That's a matter of opinion. Personally, I find the changes refreshing.They added on several new game mechanics, and fixed some annoying issues from DD1. Did they get every change right? Probably not. But overall, this is a new take on DD1 that I find a new great twist to a familiar game, and worth the one-time price tag for a still awesome game that now comes with much of the previous DLC content right along with the base game.In the end, even with issues considered, I would certainly recommend this, what is in my opinion a wonderful game, to others."
76561198043773704,Not Recommended,302270,11385283,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,G[A]scoigne,"This game is pure and utter garbage, i have arround 200 hrs in DD and i just LOVE that game, it had so many things. This, this...THING its hideous, it's something that never shoudl've been released, if you're a previous DD owner save those 5 bucks. you WILL regret it if you buy this"
,Not Recommended,302270,11384396,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[SMC] Raptor,"If you have the original, steer clear of this one. Always-online DRM (seriously?) with their own overlay (Uh, hello? Steam? You know, that thing you're selling your game through?), no offline/LAN options whatsoever (there's ""singleplayer"" sure, but that's it), and literally unplayable without a constant internet connection.There are also a few costumes inexplicably missing from the original, which I'm assuming will be patched in later. Too little, too late.It's not even funny how much better the original version was just because of the fact that it did NOT have the always-online DRM/overlay... thing, proper singleplayer/LAN support (clicking ""play"" and being dropped into a lobby designed for 4 players with 20 other people in it is not my idea of ""singleplayer"", and if that's all I want to do, I should NEVER have to deal with that OR the online overlay/DRM thing). I can never stress this enough: Always-online DRM is NEVER a good thing. For anyone. The punchline? Pirates crack these games too. Some people even take it as a challenge, this one doesn't even really look particularly hard to crack, and coming from someone with zero programming knowledge that should say a lot.I think my last complaint would have to be that the original version pretty much had full support for everything this has to offer. They just decided to mislead their consumers to get more money on the way to the sequel. Wasn't the whole point of having offline saves and trendynet in the original that one would be secure? Well good job keeping that secure and showing support for it by just completely giving up and making an entirely new thing that might as well be Uplay or Origin. Granted, it's not THAT bad... Yet.There ARE a select few positives I didn't quite explore: Equipment is (allegedly) visible on your character when equipped. There's something like six new maps. The dedicated servers are (allegedly) more secure than the old trendynet (would it have been so hard to let people make a local copy of their trendynet saves and force a restart on that one after implementing actual security measures?), though there's also supposedly some noticeable latency, so all things considered... That's two positives, one iffy and a whole lot of terrible ideas and execution."
,Not Recommended,302270,11384798,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FrozenParadox,"Do not buy this game, it's exactly what everyone here in the reviews says.. A mobile port of the game with no single-player feature and a butt load of micro-transactions. Wait for DD2."
,Recommended,302270,11400758,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ariamaki,"UPSIDES:Take everything good from the original Dungeon Defenders, scrape off the awful barnacles known as 'lag', 'hackers', and 'a totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t endgame', and re-release it for a fraction of the cost with all the DLC pre-added. Now slap on a ton of new gear and cosmetic options, a VASTLY improved economy, a ton of new powers and systems, and a better online play system than TrendyNet ever was. You've got a good idea what's going to come out of DDE then.DOWNSIDES:-- A new (optional) ""streaming texture"" system makes the game look pretty assy for a while after each patch, but it passes as the assets re-download. You can also just wait to launch the game until the patcher pre-loads all that stuff: Lose time in return for no streaming.-- The user interface is currently quite janky, but it's a work in progress, so give it some time.-- Due to the aforementioned hackers and TrendyNet issues, none of your progress or achievements will transfer from 1 to DDE, or from 1 to 2: Only from DDE to 2.OVERALL:Incredible value if you already have the original, and if not, this is a great time to get in."
,Not Recommended,302270,11384788,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Kiga,Save your money for dd2 :(
76561198035297348,Not Recommended,302270,14948181,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,~Jade~,"A friend got me this game without realizing I already had dungeon defenders.  I logged in to play and found this to be the same game.  I gave the original game a thumbs up - it is an amazing game.  This version is similar, but gets a thumbs down.  I don't like the online system of logging in and match making.  If you are interested in an RPG - Tower Defense hybrid, get the original, not this one.  Eternity takes the original and only adds bad things."
76561197961909777,Recommended,302270,11394980,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,The Major,"I've seen way too many bull reviews, so here is a review with the information on BOTH sides. Hopefully this will actually help someone make the choice on if they want to get this or not. This review is admittedly mostly aimed at those that have played dungeon defenders in the past and are thinking about buying this one as well. As you have looked below, I'm sure you see the wall of text; don't worry, I will be putting bullet points at the end.[PROS/CHANGES]Let me start off by saying I do really enjoy both dungeon defenders, and Dungeon Defenders Eternity. As for all the wonderfull changes that are made, there isn't a single one that I don't enjoy.  We have two stats replacing the skill stats, such as the joust for countess, as Ability Offensive and Ability Defensive. They act just like they sound, with Ability Offensive helping out the offensive skill if you have one, and defensive helping the other. These two stats do play into more, but I'll get to that later. The next new thing is that you no longer only have a helmet, chest plate, pants and gloves. Now you have all those, plus greaves, belts, masks, shields and each one of those items has stats associated with it, as well as actively change the way your character looks. A nice change to actually see your equipment change your character, besides just your weapon. There is also now a crafting system, where you can randomly come across blueprints for items from monsters. From chests you gain crafting materials, and you just take those and go talk to a shroomite on the 2nd floor of the tavern, and if you have the necessary materials you can make said item. The really nice thing about this is that you actually know the stats the items is going to have before it's made, but the bad thing is that I believe once you make it once, you'll have to get another one to make it again.Another really nice thing that falls near the same catagory, is artifacts. From beating certain bosses and challenges, you obtain artifacts that you can use (you can only use that specific artifact on that specific character once, but are not limited to only one artifact used on that character,) to give a permanent bonus toward stats, such as tower attack. Some do have level requirements as well, such as a demon one requires your character to be level 15 in order to use it on it. There are also boosts you can get that are consumables that can increase the quality, quantity and rarity of items that drop on that stage. At least, until you're done with the stage, then it reverts to normal. That being said, getting a bunch of rare items with really good stats isn't something I can complain about.The next really big change, is in a completely new catagory called ""Active Items."" These active items can be potions, bombs, distracting traps, eggs, and ability amulets. Yup, ability amulets, such as ""Thunderstorm Amulet,"" that give you new spells to use. Remember those new stats I spoke of? Well, say your Thunderstorm does 70 damage every .33 seconds base. Not only does your offensive ability buff your Joust, or whatever base class ability you have, but it ALSO buffs the item abilities. So, instead of doing only 70 damage every .33 seconds, now you're doing 100 (70+30). That's just an example, mind you, so no real formula's were used. As for the eggs, it's a new way to gain pets. While your out slaughtering hapless orcs and whatnot, an egg can sometimes drop. All you do is put that egg in the active item slot, and wait until it get's enough xp to hatch. Doesn't seem to be too bad as far as the amount necessary. You already know the stats of the pet before it hatches, but not the type, so you can take an educated guess on if you want to hatch it or not. Speaking of types, pets now have a passive ability as well as active. Take a hawk, for example. It still has it's peck-like attack that does damage that it will regularly do, but it will also have a swoop active ability (On a 15 second cooldown,) that doesn't cost any mana that adds a bleed effect to anything hit by it.Next up on the list is how things have been rebalanced, and the UI changed. If you place a turret down, say a ballista, you can still cursor over it and check it's stats - such as how much damage it does and fire rate. However, if you open your radial menu and select the tower out of that, then it will actually show you information such as the ballista's base stats, and how much YOUR stats add. It also gives you information on if certain stats, like tower speed, will affect it or not. Kinda neat, and somewhat helpeful! On the topic of rebalancing, I don't have any direct examples, but I can definitely say that after 712 hours or so of Dungeon Defenders this one definitely feels more fluid and even. Another neat thing is the dodge mechanic. You get 4 charges that replenish quite quickly, assuming you don't use them one after the other, and it gives you a horizontal leap in whatever direction your moving in. This is great for avoiding projectiles, jumping ledges, getting around the map faster or dodging that assassin that just jumped over you and is about to eviscerate your head.All in all, lots of really, really nice changes in my opinion.[CONS]Nothing is perfect, and dungeon defenders eternity is no exception. The game does suffer currently from some nasty bugs, some of which I've noticed particularly with Summoner. I've had orcs moonwalk through walls off the level and dissapear. I've had ogres decide they don't like where they are and relocate to a different spot, or go suicide in pits. I've had the kobold lit fuse running at you about to explode sound looped on my headset until the round was over, even though the last kobold had died a while ago. I have teleported to my cursor's position while selecting something from the radial menu three times, though I have been unable to purposefully recreate it.There is a ... cash shop... shudder... I place this under cons because it invites the ""Pay to win"" aspect in games. No better example then the original Diablo 3. Thankfully, as of right now, all it contains is Emotes so hopefully their plan is to only sell cosmetic items through it. If that is the case, then I can remove this off [CONS] and place it in a [MEH] slot. As of right now, the tavernmaster pretty much only sells those emotes for cash, and some dyes, dye removal and respec potions so he's pretty much unnecessary at the moment which makes me kind of sad.While the thought of  having to start completely over from scratch does not personally annoy me or anything, I understand why it does others. It especially hurts if you played 100% legitimately, but still... It's understandable, to me, due to all the other changes. Once again though, I do miss my stuff and I know that others do as well, so leaving it here under cons.[  -----THIS IS THE BIG HITTER----You have to be online to play it, since you have to be logged into their trendynet servers. Even if you're playing solo, just like Diablo 3, you have to be connected. Also, the tavern is now a... well... tavern...  You no longer have a private tavern all to yourself, as now it is a hub for all players. The bright side is you get to see lots of people running around doing stuff, but the bad side is that you're constantly being spammed by ""SUCH AND SUCH HAS JOINED,"" and ""SUCH AND SUCH AS LEFT."" This wouldn't be so bad, except it plays that same noise as when someone would join your tavern in the original every single time, and also removes the tooltip if you're, for example, trying to compare two pieces of loot. When I have tried to figure out if I wanted to equip something, I've had to jump into a game just to keep it straight so I could actually compare them.[      You CAN still host solo/private games, but have to wait 40 seconds for ""players to join."" Not too bad, but if you fail the map, there's no retry button so you have to wait again."
76561197991239902,Not Recommended,302270,11456842,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mauseleum,"At the release state.... I cant even get in to the ♥♥♥♥ing game as it bugs already in the download phase. ""Well played Trendy!"""
76561198056710421,Not Recommended,302270,11403821,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Orvar Blå,..........................
76561198005602359,Recommended,302270,11674436,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,UKEF-Major.n00b,"Pro's:Anti-hacking with server side storage of your characters and equipment. The old game was way too easy to hack, and most people did it.New maps that where not in the original game.Cons:LOADS of lag spikes that are more likely to kill you than the mobs.Internet connection is required at all times.NO Splitscreen mode (they are talking about maybe bringing it back in some way on the forums).No Nightmare mode yet.No PvP mode yet.No Hardcore mode yet.No private taverns. Publicly shared with random players.Missing maps and challenges compared to the original game.Game hangs on loading screens.No player-kick systemA lot of leeching players in maps. (perhaps there will be a way to prefend this, discussion on forums)For a more in depth comparison with the original game see the guidehere"
76561198126967668,Not Recommended,302270,13638918,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Argy8,do not get this one it has a bug that makes u make a playverse acount and it dosn't work after that
76561198038288578,Not Recommended,302270,11800810,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Disloyalbullet,"Trendy is the most horrid company on the planet and have no damn clue how to make a game or patch it. Not to mention thier support team is trash and they completely ignore the community. Trendy does nothing but break thier game and refuse to fix what it is that they break. Do not buy this game for any reason what so ever it is most definately not a definitve version of the game this is worse then an alpha, to be brutaly honest people need to sue trendy for false advertisement."
76561197985495675,Not Recommended,302270,11686323,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Rossman,"I own the original Dungeon Defenders and saw very little reason to purchase this game.  However, the Linux client for the original Dungeon Defenders is full of bugs and Trendy seems to have no intention of fixing them.  Meanwhile, the Windows version, while exhibiting a bug or two, is far more stable and contains fewer obvious problems.  Since I read that this game was web based and Trendy advertises that it supported Linux right out of the gate, I figured that even if there were problems, all platforms would be on the same footing.  Boy, was I wrong.I can't say that on Linux there are some strange effects, or that this class' towers don't work correctly, or that performance is poor.  I can't say that because the Linux client WON'T START AT ALL!  THE CLIENT JUST CRASHES!  I CAN'T EVEN PLAY THE GAME!I've gone through forum post after forum post, looking for a solution or maybe that  it just doesn't work on my distro (Fedora 20).  But it turns out the problem doesn't not appear to be distro specific.  The client just doesn't work on any Linux distro.  What's worse is that Trendy appears to know this but still lists the game as being available for Linux.Now you might think I'm just a flamer and that if what I've said here is true then there would be far more negative reviews by Linux gamers.  Here's the catch (and I hope you're sitting down for this one):VALVE WILL NOT LET YOU POST A REVIEW UNLESS YOU'VE PLAYED THE GAME FOR AT LEAST 5 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!Not the easiest thing to do if the game won't run for more than a second.  What I had to do was install Steam on a Windows system, login, install the game on that system, then let it run for 5+ minutes.  All just so I would be allowed to post this review!  I was so disgusted, I didn't even actually play the game on Windows.  I just let the launcher sit there.Now I understand Valve's point of view, trying to slow down trolls as best they can.  However, in this case, they have to know by now that there is a major problem with the Linux client to this game.  Yet they still allow the game to be listed as ""Available on Linux"".  That makes them partially negligent in allowing this fraud to continue.Since I can't get my money back for this game, I'll give any reader patient enough to read to the end of my rant this advice:  Don't give Trendy a dime of your money for this POS until they get their act together and actually deliver what they promised!************** UPDATE 10/10/2014 *****************It looks like they've made some updates to the Linux client.  You have 4 options to launch now (not sure what they all mean).  The options are ""Play Dungeon Defenders Eternity"", ""Link Steam Libraries"", ""Unlink Steam Libraries"", ""Play Offline"".  For me they all do the same thing.  The application tries to launch and exits.  I get a flash of a window, but it's disappears so quickly I can't see anything to give me a useful hint as to what's going on.Trendy (or whomever is developing this now), you guys suck!!!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11695677,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,grimzera - thesoloist,no respect for their customers.
76561198028057572,Not Recommended,302270,11700308,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,BORED,Horrible company
,Recommended,302270,11606128,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Shazoo,"Finally Trendy fixes all the issues with the original Dungeon Defenders and adds in cross platform support.  New levels, with all the best levels and campaign missions from the first one, tied together in perfect harmony.  Hackers are gone, kick-abuse is gone, which were the reasons that most people stopped playing the first game.  It's true that this support should have just been added to the original, and I'm not sure the reasons behind why it wasn't, but for the introductory price it was hard to say no.  Playverse isn't the best online platform support but neither was steam when it first came out, and I have faith Trendy will fix it up in no time.  Plus PV makes it super easy for friends to join in your game by prompting them to accept/decline games you're hosting and automatically placing you into the same party system you've used before.  It's like if XBOX live auto added you to party chat with your friends that were online and auto joined their games when you turned on your xbox, it's that easy.  For $6 (introductory price + DD owners discount) these improvements is a definite recommend.  I ended up buying a 2nd copy for the wife's account to play co-op."
,Recommended,302270,11494891,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,StrikePrototype,"This remastered edition has some new features, new hero skills, new towers, more weapons & pets..etc The  hero's equipment system also has been modified a little more complex than the original DD, but you'll still feel familiar. For filling the time gap before the release of DD2, a good choice :)"
76561198014087160,Not Recommended,302270,11681193,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Rise Up,"Dont buy it, Dont waste your time or money. This game hasnt worked right since it launched."
,Not Recommended,302270,17325710,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,duskangel249,Just don't
,Not Recommended,302270,17871240,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Motherfucking Meme Machine,garbage
76561198059401527,Not Recommended,302270,17778494,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,☢ᶠᶸᶜᵏoƒƒ ☢☠,suck
,Not Recommended,302270,13244968,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ninfu,Do not buy this game it sucks if you wanna buy dungeon defenders then buy the first onethis game is so broken its really hard to make a lobby if your friend joins your tavern when you start a mission it kick your friend from the game and its hard to even play this by yourself  so i highly reccomend not buying this
,Not Recommended,302270,14220535,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,POOTIS MCPYRO,"i want to give dde a good review but i really cant, first was the lag when the game was booting up. didnt have it in the original. second the graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is something i normal dont say. third it doesnt quite feel like it should"
76561198007580862,Not Recommended,302270,11478498,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Metatron,"i dont recommend it to anyone!i think this is a game like the normal, but without shops,and you get only 4 classes. more classes cost more moneyand the only difference is that you can see your armor.p.s the room system is very bugy."
76561197994562651,Not Recommended,302270,11467352,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Gresh,"Doesn't start.I am greeted with a splash screen where the game files download.After this, a black screen opens up an the game just hangs.The distribution itself is not that well done.In the game folder, there are windows folders like 'D:/' and files like 'D:/arg1.txt'I think the cause of these problems are missing libraries:ldd .steam/steam/SteamApps/common/DunDefEternity/DunDefEternity/Binaries/Linux/DunDefGame | grep ""not found""libcrypto.so.1.0.0 => not foundlibgconf-2.so.4 => not found"
,Not Recommended,302270,11481970,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ian,Do not buy this game!If you want to play some DD load up DD do not play money for this game.
,Not Recommended,302270,14562722,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ryker <3,"This is the worst ""Beta"" I have ever played. The player base gave up months ago and it seems that even the developers at this point gave up as well. It seems as if the game has gotten worse than when it was first released, and the developers can't fix it what so ever.This game's launch should also get an award for the worst launch ever. When this game was launched the game's servers failed to work because of the 3rd party BS. Also why the hell would you have your game download from the 3rd party servers when Steam servers work much better and don't charge the developers/publishers extra to use them.Seriously, Instead of buying this go out to lunch with your bae or something. You'll get more value from that than this terrible game.0/8 m8. I don't know why I even bought this garbage."
,Not Recommended,302270,11757730,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Chesneymatt,didn't like
,Not Recommended,302270,17098651,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MachineZero,Just get the orginal! So much better
,Not Recommended,302270,11968428,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,ellison,"Eh. Should'be allowed people to own this for free. Not everything has to be about money, Trendy."
76561197977836176,Recommended,302270,21419176,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,†HOGMOB†,"The real difference between DD:E and DD1 is the security, I was able to hack and mod weapons in DD1, but in DD:E I can't because it is strictly online, in DD1 you can play offline.There are some added features and balances, but not enough to say it's a different game, the developers just wanted to make sure people can't hack and mod.DD1 and DD:E are fun tower defense/RPG level up games."
76561198055536712,Not Recommended,302270,11497084,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Keithins,Yeah if you are a fan of dungeon defenders... play that.. this... will make you never want to play a game made by these guys ever again!
,Not Recommended,302270,11695273,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mush,"Not sure why they decided to take a great game and trash it...The previous iteration of this game was excellent, I'd give that an A, easy.This game I can only judge, and dislike, from afar, because I can't get past 'finding tavern' (and yes, I've dropped all my crazy firewalls):-apparently no offline/single player or split screen (but there is talk of implimenting this......???? how can you impliment something that was previously present.....just bring it back?!?!?)   ***EDIT***  They added an option when the game starts to start in 'offline mode', which i selected.  the game loads to the title screen, i hit 'play' it pops up with 'searching for tavern' and times out just like the 'online' version.  ""Seriously?!""  seriously.-***this is my edit*** originally I went on a bit of a rant regarding the in game real money purchases.  This is apparently only available for cosmetic changes; costumes, emotes, etc.  Does that put a stake through the heart of my rant?  Yes....but its still gasping for air; I haven't seen the prices, but I assume they are grossly inflated.  Rather than a 50 cent costume, I'll bet it is 3-5 dollars.  Whenever I do manage to get into the game, I'll check this, and edit my review again, appropriately.-staring at the title screen makes me cry"
,Recommended,302270,11685251,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DiabeticTurtle,such a great game i always loved dungeon defenders i can wait till i get dd2 :Dlooks soo cool!
,Not Recommended,302270,19905948,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sencucked,Waste of time and money
,Recommended,302270,11688716,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ozyorkbourne,"As someone who didnt really play the origional DD much but saw it was cheap, I picked up the game for like £5 on some super special offer. I have enjoyed the game thus far but have mostly played with 2 or more friends from other games. It is very addictive and almost everything but the character emotes are free.Honestly it's a game that if you have friends to play it with and like a more interactive tower defence game then you should definitely play this. I would recommend once you buy it and DL it, load it up and let it download all the maps before you play. This prevents any issues when loading maps and minimizes bugs.It's true, this does seem like their BETA test for a Dungeon Defenders 2, making Eternity more like a 1.5 version that the makers can milk ££ out of...and I am completely fine with that. I would rather buy this game cheap while it's buggy and report the bugs than DD2 which will hopefully be awesome be this precarious. The ingame UI needs a LOT of work, and I mean a lot. I didn't find it user friendly but this is hopefully something being worked on. Notably the UI does allow access to Twitch for easy streaming - like streaming a BETA. Oh, I see what you did there game makers. *wink wink*.A mixed bag from me, but I'm still gonna keep playing. If they release nightmare mode or boost the lvl cap from 60 i'll probably play more. I also like what they've done to survival mode making it a 1:00:00 hour constant defence where you don't have to AFK for 12 hours until good loot starts to drop :D!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11667058,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Misto,"They should name this version erectile disfunction, do not but this game wait a few months and check reviews again 11Aug2014"
,Recommended,302270,11748793,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Darkurvar,I played over 400 hours on the original Dungeon Defenders and had a ton of fun.  This game is a new take on tower defense games.  Where you get to place the towers and also run around and kill things yourself.  They have fixed a ton of problems like the hacking.
76561198122178160,Recommended,302270,11498440,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,goingwow4life,"seeing as how the ps3 DD1 servers are offline. this is a great subs i enjoy the game as it is. there is more things to do. i love the public tavern and the allways online feat. cause lets face it, modders want offline mode. i dont mod so im fine with the product i bought. dont let the dislikers turn you away :D"
,Recommended,302270,11606756,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,FarCry15_w00t,"don't know why this gets so much hate, prior to its release the original game was pretty much a ghost town. along with this rebooted version comes a revitalized playerbase and all past dlc included, aside from a few of the holiday maps as of right now. sure there are some things missing from the first game but trendy seems to be on top of it and many things have already been fixed. There are many improvments too such as filtering green loot by vertain stats. If you played DD before, you'll find plenty of new content as well as everything you know and love. It's also better than ever for newcomers."
76561198004530786,Recommended,302270,11496697,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,KenXelite,Even tho this game has some work ahead of itthe fact that theres  no hackers anymore blows dd out of the wateryes there is flaws currently but they can be ironed out im sure its wortht the 6 bucks for dedicated servers imoyou have to play to get gear now instead of people cheating and making any item they want with any statonce again that alone is worth the 6 bucks and people saying they could of updated dd 1 to have dedicated servers dont know anything about game development or servers they would of had to redo dd 1 to work with dedicated servers and data
,Not Recommended,302270,11553868,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,jamesbondfan362,This game is broken and i can't even start the game when i hit play. i defianatly do not recommend wasting $15 on this. all i wanted was to pplay a fun game online but this is bull crap
76561197961225665,Not Recommended,302270,11568232,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Axithmal,"Just a heads up you have to make a playverse account to play.When you first boot the game on your steam account the first time after you buy it, make sure you make an account.  If someone else logs on your steam copy before you do, you'll be logging in as them every time you lauch the game.  You'll also have to contact support and be unable to make your own account until they get to you.  Thats what happened to me when I had a friend log in to start the patching process :(It took them about a week to get to my email, but once they did they fixed it pretty quick."
,Not Recommended,302270,11606747,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,KingXRay,"Played this game was fun for few days, but this game was suppose to be in ALPHA TEST but they state this game as full game which is stupid, there is so many bugs that destroy game and stop players to enjoy it.Their server are located in China! Any players that from NA, UK, Oceania, Asia, will feel the f8king teleporting which have no idea how you die randomly sometimeFor any Linux user, do not buy it! It doesn't work on Linux! They just trying to scam you!Their crappy and buggy Playverse just so bad that will make you hate them so much!"
,Not Recommended,302270,11548811,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Justin,Game fails to launch on linux.
76561198018254117,Not Recommended,302270,11841351,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,cmcfsc2000,"Trendy does what they want and cares nothing for their customers & fans.  Long story short: This is a game that's being marketed as ""definitive"" that's in an early beta phase, at best.  There's rollbacks and lag issues for their online-only servers (there's no offline mode), a complete lack of meaningful loot progression, horrible UI issues (it looks like it was made to fit in mobile, and there's annoyances like item stats not being on dedicated lines so it's hard to compare items), and there's a HUUUUGGEEE list of features that existed in DD1 that don't in DDE.Things missing:1) Nightmare mode, hardcore mode, mixed mode, and pure strategy mode.2) Full Single Player functionality - They added single player after the community outcry, and have been slowly adding in more and more functionality, but it's not quite there yet3) Private taverns - You're stuck in a communal tavern with 15 other people happily making tons of noise.  If you dislike hearing Slice 'n' Dices attack dummies or simply don't want to read a 13y/o's curse-heavy ranting, or simply want to decorate your own private tavern, then you're out of luck.4) No achievements/awards/trophies - With the conversion over to public tavern, all the joys of trophies in private taverns are gone.  There's nothing to work towards, and no reason to beat any maps besides the ones that give loot.5) Challenge rewards - Currently, challenges provide ZERO experience and loot.  Upon completion, they DO give artifacts, which are permanent stat boosters, but these artifacts are not stackable and offer completely negligible increases (we're talking adding 8hps to a character with 10-20k life, and 1-2 to fire resist when you have 950).6) Loot despawning priorities - In DD1, loot has prioritization on what disappears first.  In DDE, it doesn't.  And there's FAR fewer items allowed on the ground (online server reasons?).  Currently, instead of the ~200 items allowed in DD1 on bigger maps, there's 35 allowed in DDE, and because there's no loot despawn prioritization, that means stuff often disappears before it hits the ground.  Loot only appears near you, and even when it does that upgrade that just dropped might disappear before you can get to it while the 50g item you can buy from the tavernkeeper sticks around for 10 minutes.7) Meaningful progression and incentive to do hard maps - Everyone does insane ramparts.  Why?  Because it drops far better loot than any of the DLC or later maps like CD, and it's one of the easiest maps in the game.  Of course, this means that once you get the gear from ramparts, there's nothing else to do, so the playerbase has dropped by half every 1.5-2 weeks since release.8) Tower/Character balance - DD1 didn't have great balance, but it at least didn't have completely broken classes.  Huntress traps are so bad that no one uses them, summoner pets are broken (either useless or so OP they break their own animation with how fast they shoot), towers get over-nerfed for no reason and in an odd manner (including nerfs to huntress traps no one uses), and some classes are flat-out bad now (barbarian is HORRIBLE).9) Itemization - Some great items from DD1 are missing (treadmill pets, costumes that change gameplay mechanics, meaningful & unique weapons), and the itemization in general is just inferior.  Weapons are all very similar and no longer have speed stats, so they all basically feel the same (outside of huntress, who has a few weps that are clearly superior, especially with the removal of speed stats).  Monk weapons all have horrible ranged damage so ranged monk dps isn't viable, barbarian swords are junk (speed stat issue again causing problems, to say nothing of barbarian stat scaling itself), apprentice weapons are all similar and junky enough that apprentice DPS isn't really a thing, etc.10) Rewards for the challenges/campaign maps/survivals - There's no rewards for any of these, including beating CD.  You get... nothing.  no seahorses, no pets, no specific weapons dropping from specific bosses... nothing unique.  everything that drops drops everywhere, and while some campaign maps like aquanos will reward you after beating a boss, the rewards are completely random... you can get a few accessories and nothing else.11) A whole MESS of maps, costumes, pets, items, and other fun things that simply don't exist in DDE.  Too many to count or list here.12) a workable armor set system - DDE has a few extra slots for armor and 9 different sets instead of 4.  I'm too lazy to do the math, but instead of sets being fairly viable for everyone, at any level, they're now basically inaccessible to most of the community, since the chances of you having the same 1 (out of 9) type of item for all 7 slots that's decent enough to wear is nigh impossible.13) A balanced upgrading system - The new system is percentage-based, and it's FAR harder to get money for those upgrades.  You'll have to spend a LOT of time playing Vacuum Simulator, since smashing the ""E"" key and picking up everything to sell it later is the only decent way to get money.  But even that aside, the percentage-based system (10% of base stats per upgrade, and 20% of base damage per) completely breaks itemization.  I won't go into detail, but suffice to say this breaks endgame items and throws items (and thus, characters) completely out of balance.14) Kick system - If you like playing public games, accept that about half the players you encounter will simply afk the second they join the game, and there's nothing you can do about it.  At all.  And that's if you're lucky... if you're not they can actively ruin your experience by selling your towers, and again, there's nothing you can do about it.Basically, I could go on for paragraphs on content that's in DD1 that was simply left out or is plain better (UI, loot despawn code, loot progression, trophies, map rewards, etc etc etc), but here's what it all boils down to:  you are NOT getting a definitive version of DDE.  You're buying what everyone playing agrees is a beta product.  I didn't even list out the major bugs & exploits in the game, and there's a LOT.  So while this game has a few improvements (more active play options with amulets, a conceptually better survival mode), none of it is balanced yet and there's so many bugs and issues in the game that you shouldn't give Trendy money for a ""definitive edition"" when it's nowhere near that state.  Some people might still like the game and play it, but no one can argue with the fact that this is a works-in-progress, so ask yourself if you want to reward a company that essentially spits on their best customers by re-releasing a title like this in such a misleading fashion.At best, hold on to your money until the game is what they say it is, and frankly, I don't think it ever will be.  The core of DDE is so busted that even when they DO tack on NM, it's certainly not going to FIX anything... it'll just magnify the problems that already exist and aren't being addressed."
,Not Recommended,302270,11771549,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Burkaiden,i just bought this ♥♥♥♥ing game and i cant even play it because of this stupid connection problem with the game not being able to join the ♥♥♥♥ing tavern and this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back
,Not Recommended,302270,11800381,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dr. Agon,"Felt like a very dull version of the game. The full game is here yet is some how feels smaller, not as vivid, and slightly crammed into its container.If youre looking for the Dungeon Defender Experience, I highly recommend the original game."
,Recommended,302270,28000222,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Divineblonde,This game is amazing.  This is how Dungeon Defenders is meant to be!
76561197965623060,Recommended,302270,11432690,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Wo.OdY,"edit: server seem to run fine now. would recommend if you like itemgrinding! :>i really like playing this game. But at the current state i regularly see ""searching..."", ""creating session"", ""joining Tavern"" for 20 minutes or more and nothing does happen. Sopmetimes it doesn't even let me out of the current game.Thats everything else than enjoyable. It's a waste of time like this.And the Tavern system... i could live with that but you CAN'T even compare/sort your equipment while you are there. Everytime anybody joins/leaves the Tavern (like every 3 seconds) the cursor resets and the currently selected item is no longer hovered and needs to load stats again.the game itself is great. current state of game is nearly unplayable. I would recommend to buy it while the offer lasts, but DON'T play it at the moment..."
,Recommended,302270,11888458,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Reemis69,A must HAVE !! ... its pretty fun
,Not Recommended,302270,11709292,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Eurafrica,"Complete copy/paste of the original, with very few features added and more taken away. It appears to be an Android port that hardly lives up to the depth and quality of the first game. Several bugs and missing features as of release, to name a few:-No Nightmare mode.-No Hardcore mode.-No Mixed mode.-Miscoded item/item levels that have been retroactively nerfed and players not appropriately compensated-New survival mode, 1 hour of endless waves, no character swapping, extremely poor loot, disappearing items issues worse than DD1.-Desynch/lag issues.-Required Playverse launcher.-No single player/offline mode.-No Private Tavern.-Microtransaction Market added.*-Many players losing characters/loot entirely.If you want the real Dungeon Defenders experience, I strongly recommend trying the original, and avoid trading/using the hacked items that have spread like wildfire (single player would be ideal).This ""game"" is hardly worth $5.00 and should be marked as an Early Access/Alpha title or pulled from Steam. Falsely advertised and horribly unpolished"
,Not Recommended,302270,11715454,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Zuqual,"This is the first time I've ever reviewed a game, but I felt compelled to due to the blatantly false advertising for this one.  Far from the definitive version advertised, this is just a money grab.  A rebalanced endgame?  Endgame difficulty is currently dissabled with no eta on when it might be implemented.  Hardcore mode and Mix mode from DD1?  Disabled with no eta.  Remember running survivals in DD1 and running around at the end to see what gear dropped?  Well in DDE monsters drop 1g coins in addition to loot.  There is a 400 item limit for how many things can be on the ground, and coins take up most of this limit, resulting in most of the loot despawning whithin moments of dropping.  No eta on when this might be fixed.  The developers from Nom Nom Games (thats right, this isn't being produced by the same people that created DD1, it's just being marketed by them) are making all the same mistakes they the Trendy developers made in DD1 and the community is suffering from whiplash while the devs flail around trying to fix their mistakes.This is essentially a beta to test the playverse archetecture for Dungeon Defenders 2.  If you never played DD1, you might enjoy it.  If you played through nightmare mode in DD1, spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,302270,11710187,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Bob,"For those who played Dungeon Defenders 1, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS RELEASE.  They lied to their customers and said this was the ""definitive"" version.  It lacks so many features from the previous title that many feel this should be labeled an early access title.This game is not finished, do not buy this garbage.  Also the patch 3.4/3.5 just destroyed the game.  If you are thinking of buying this game as of these versions, don't even bother."
,Recommended,302270,13608399,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baddy,u can be woman starfaxnuff sed10:18 PM - Dr. Rockzo: i can be a furry with a fedora10:18 PM - Dr. Rockzo: 10/10 best game10:18 PM - Dr. Rockzo: ever made
76561198146015118,Not Recommended,302270,16799336,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SickBoi,They've abandoned the game...
76561198078855977,Not Recommended,302270,17204829,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bottle,It doesn't work .
,Recommended,302270,12090295,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SMR (Mario),"I think that if you liked Dungeon Defenders, you will love DDE. It combines all of the features from the old game, plus better online play and some free stuff that you will like. It may be annoying at first when you see all of the clothing options, but trust me, it is awesome."
,Recommended,302270,12203826,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,☜◉FrEeX◉☞,EPIC GAME BUT HARDER THAN THE OLD DD
76561198024820997,Not Recommended,302270,12113917,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,shadewithin,I guess I shouldn't have assumed that the 'best' version of a game would have all of the original's features... no local co-op?$10 wasted.
76561197978137699,Not Recommended,302270,13335373,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,OMNIS,"This is a down grade from the original. Some of the new features are ok, but not worth the degrade in graphics, laggy game play and poor third party overlay that makes a mess of finding friends."
76561198074766144,Not Recommended,302270,17379026,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dave The Magician,That was well spent money. If you have original DD1 just stick with it.
,Not Recommended,302270,17555065,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ew0345,"I like it, but DD1 is just better. FFS they even gave any who bought this a free collection edition of DD1...."
76561198086515087,Recommended,302270,11669444,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Crunch,"Overall very happy with the changes made from DD1. Graphics are superb, and there's actually a *challenge* to learning the builds."
76561197998831887,Recommended,302270,11849844,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Sunchips,"Spite the terrible reviews this game has so far, they really put some time in with this. The gameplay is the same as the first with most of the bugs from the first fixed. All of the classes feel more balanced than before and the loot and item system has been revamped to feel more powerful right from level 1. Crafting sets is even more rewarding than the first and if you are willing to spend some hours getting good, you can challenge the much improved difficulty levels! I give it 4/5 stars."
,Recommended,302270,11815119,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Nope,"I definetely recommend this game, it started off on rocky foundation and plummeted, and there is no denying that fact; however for anyone not grinding the end game content it is a lot of fun, and honestly at this point there is little dirrection besides up. With the newest patch (3.6) out and adding the ability to sell and change characters during survival matches, it seems Trendy is takinga step in the RIGHT direction, not the wrong direction.Nerfs are kind of commonplace as they are getting the game ""Balanced"", but I feel they are necessary to prevent the INSANE scaling that came with Nightmare mode last time. All in all, worth the money if you are even considering it."
76561198060871880,Recommended,302270,11836458,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Generik Sevs,When are the mods coming to this game.
,Recommended,302270,11851833,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Jumzish,"For only five bucks more you can get the full first one, with 90% of the DLC, and more, with plans on adding more to it. Best deal ever."
,Recommended,302270,12111794,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Stratty,It's got 'Eternity' on the end of it.
,Recommended,302270,11405983,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Cadwal,"This game is like a Director's Cut or Definitive Edition of the original Dungeon Defenders.  It takes everything that was great about Dungeon Defenders and adds new features such as consumable items, permanent enhancements and reusable amulets.  There are several new maps and challenges, including what appears to be the start of a new campaign.The Tavern has been converted to an open lobby with a personal trophy room at the back.  Survival Mode has been modified from the original 3-5 hour binge to a 1 hour timed single wave survival and the loot curve has been balanced for proper advancement.  Players will also find that all loot and chests are player instanced so you can loot all you want.In the original Dungeon Defenders, mana was used to summon traps/towers and level up weapons.  A few changes to this system make it more friendly.  Mana is now only used to summon traps and towers.  Weapons are leveled using gold coins and pets have their own separate experience pool.I would recommend that you buy this if you enjoyed the original Dungeon Defenders and are still interested in playing. If you have already burnt out of the original Dungeon Defenders this game will not offer much to keep your interest since the innovations added do not offset the lack of new content."
,Not Recommended,302270,13857969,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SevernFyre,"I have not been able to launch the game since it ws purchased. I am not sure if it is a thrid party issue, but I have decided to  not move foward with Trendy. I have spent too many hours reading other posts, trying all tweaks and in a final attempt posted on the steam community for it and there is no response."
,Not Recommended,302270,11822511,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Boomalla,"Played original Dungeon defenders for many hours and had loads of fun, So i buy dungeon defenders Eternity expecting more of the same fun but NO.... i can't even bind the keys in this turd as it refuses to accept my keybinds even though the original DD worked fine with the same keys i choose to use.So if you don't use the default keys AVOID this game like the plague or you'll be angry when half your keys won't be recognised  after re-binding them.Left handed gamer here giving this a 1 out of 10 score."
,Not Recommended,302270,19577912,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DefectiveNu,Now Abandoned.  Was looking promising before that.
76561197991906485,Not Recommended,302270,30890357,Posted: 1 April,all,The Reed,"Would love to see this game updated for Windows 10.  Being Microsoft, they strongarm you to get you to upgrade and then this game is dead."
,Not Recommended,302270,16779199,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TimmyPwn,"i am trying to find the refund button, i didn't even get the collection pack key for DD1 -_-. buying infinity was a mistake from the start, but back then, refunding wasn't an option yet.btw i found the way to get this refunded, but ofcourse the game is older as 17 days -_- .the option to get a refund for these kinds of stupid games wasn't in place back then.my refund request is now pending.final verdict for this refund simulator.10/10 WOULD REFUND AGAIN"
76561198066026245,Not Recommended,302270,16515628,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,H2OFearLess'Ⅸ 💢,"They should give us access to DD2 instead of DD1 full content, i already have the full content, but there is no fun anymore to it, as there is no more than 100 players in the game, and ruin your store...This game became from worst to garbage, and to say the truth always was a garbage.They recently removed the only client that invites people in partys, i dont know what its left anymore to this game.2,5/10 <---My rating.i dont recommend it to anyone i simply cannot.And its not worth the money. It should be lower  than 5$!!"
76561198086038254,Not Recommended,302270,16997823,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Unotro,Didnt get dd1 key/10
,Not Recommended,302270,16278934,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kakashi,Abandoned by developers
76561198072736122,Not Recommended,302270,16366948,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SyntheticSoul,WoW this is bad. Probably the worst of the 3.
76561197996262058,Not Recommended,302270,16671947,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LostAndLast,"CASH GRABSIMPLE AS THATDO       NOT       BUYFailed re-release with developers that just abandoned the game""♥♥♥♥ you and your money ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
76561198058003063,Recommended,302270,13608411,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CloSe EnouGh,it's good
76561198130124409,Not Recommended,302270,12201342,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gundox,"Not actually Co-Op, it's just an MMO version of Dungeon Defenders which is horrible. Playing an MMO tower defense game is idiotic, let's get together multiple people not in the same room who don't think alike and see if they can defend some crystals.... no thanks, really think the formatting on steam should unlist this as Co-Op or multiplayer, because it's really neither, it's an MMO, and should be listed as such. Hopefully other people who are interested read the reviews stating that it's not multiplayer before buying first, shame on me, I trusted Steam's listings."
76561198128003356,Not Recommended,302270,12210691,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,tommyhahs,"Do NOT buy!! Complete waste of money! I don't usually write reviews but this purchase was so bad I found it necessary. Terrible lag, terrible gameplay options, nothing like the original version! I loved the original on xbox 360 arcade and thought the expansion on my mac would be fun - boy was I wrong! The lag is so bad it even affects my cursor speed. Now I just want my money back!! Grrrrrr..."
,Recommended,302270,11526731,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,tehfirabunneh,How I See this game. After having over 700 hours in the first game and getting quite far.It's A test for the Trendy servers for DD2.It has it's flaws Quite alot of them. i sometimes question why they didn't put it in early access seeing it is obviously unfinished or ready for a Full release.Now don't get me wrong. it's not bad.. but.. there's things i don't like about if i were to compare it between this and the first game.Pros+Crafting if you can count that..+Amulets For added stuff to find.Cons (In my eyes)-Leveling is Capped at 60 currrently.-Summoner's Player damage is Currently useless as far as i know.-Survival is One Completely Long 1 hour wave. I liked being able to take breaks with in the waves to do stuff this.. just causes  Other problems when you have to walk away and you A. have to let your towers die B. Wait out the WHOLE hour-TBD(on a side note. i wish steam would add a in the middle option for do you recommend this game but for now till i see how this game progresses im going to not have to to recommend this game i saddens me truely.
,Recommended,302270,11374985,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ayjona,"It seems this bears reiteration upon reiteration:Disregard the majority (though never all) of the negative reviews and sentiments for Dungeon Defenders Eternity. The vast majority are based upon misunderstandings, misconceptions or factual errors, and are therefore inapplicable to the actual product.Dungeon Defenders Eternity is NOT:* A mobile port. It is based completely on Dungeon Defenders, with added code and assets. From whence this idea comes, I know not, as there is NOTHING to suggest mobile roots.* Laden with IAP. The in-game shop ONLY sells cosmetic items, a standard not only of the genre (in as far as DD can be categorized), but a new paradigm for the games industry as a whole. And it is one of the most harmless and fair ways for developers to increase their profits (which is often not about quick cash grabs, but about staying in business and making new games, especially for indie developers).* Visually downgraded. This fallacy is based on the new streaming texture mechanics, where textures are streamed upon first launch, thus allowing players to get into the game faster. That this would make 50+ reviewers believe that there has been a graphical downgrade only shows that customers will jump to conclusions within SECONDS, and never challenge the legitimacy of their own preconceptions, or double check their initial findings. I first launched Eternity on a 1 MBIT/S TETHERED SMARTPHONE CONNECTION, and the textures for the tavern loaded within one minute.* More demanding than the original edition. The two Steam apps put almost the exact same strain on my processor, GPU, etc.Dungeon Defenders Eternity IS:* Significantly improved. The list of new features include manual dodging, a whole crafting system, consumables and spell amulets that provide entirely new powers in battle, pets that can be hatched and trained to fight with their own abilities in battle, visual armor upgrades, and a true hardcore mode.* FINALLY hacker-safe. Hacked characters made the original almost entirely unplayable for anyone hoping for balance and even matches, as so many players had over-levelled or over-equipped hacked characters. (This is one of the primary arguments for always-online requirements for games with multiplayer modes, and proven very succintly in this case.)* Rebalanced.* Endowed with an entirely new loot system, as this was an oft-critizied part of the original.* Equipped for true cross-platform play. Progress is already shared with the Android Tegra version, and iOS will receive the same later this year.* Not designed to siphon money of old players, as all of us who own the original are offered to buy DDE for 5 euros.* Linked to the upcoming sequel, with unlockables that will be available in Dungeon Defenders 2.So, is this a good game? That depends on your sentiments regarding the original. An improvement? Oh, yes, in nearly every single way. The ultimate version of Dungeon Defenders 1? Very, very nearly so.Could Trendy have launched this new version more smoothly and predicted some of this confusion and irritation? Probably (though after looking at the Steam store description and new page for the game, I find it hard to see any room for significant misunderstanding, or most of the misconceptions that surround the launch).A worthy purchase? If you are a fan of the original, definitively. If you’ve never played Dungeon Defenders? Oh, gawds, yes!"
,Recommended,302270,11368727,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Archdale,"I personally like the game, but like others, are a bit jaded on the details of what is new or included. I'll break it down best I can.  The game is basicly a GotY edition of Dungeon Defenders, including the DLCs from the original, but also including changes and new levels.New, but not really listedMatchmaking- You share one tavern.  I assume it has a cap, so there are several taverns.  To those who never played the base game, the tavern is where you prep before going into a game, sell items, and can goof off.You will be paired with like, leveled people.  You still get to choose what level and difficulty you choose to play on.Loot Drops per Character- Your item drops in a game are yours.  You don't have to worry about someone taking an upgrade because of the matchmaking.Streaming Client- Yes the game looks bad when you first load, as many reviews have said.  This is due to the game streaming textures and whatnot the first time you need them.  It only downloads once.  That's why the download for the game through steam is quite small.What might annoyMicrotransaction- Everyones favorite thing to hate.  Currently (June 22, 2014), the game only has emotes as microtransaction items.  A bit overpriced, but they are cosmetic only.No Tutorial- It just dumps you into a lobby, the tavern.  No character creation, no explaination of controls.  Ask in chat and someone will probably gladly point you in the right direction.Playerverse instead of Steamworks- They decided to use their own matchmaking system, with its own friends list, party making and trade system.  The reason probably stems from cross-platform play with phones/tablets.  This can be seen as a good thing if you plan to play on your phone or tablet as well.No private game- This shortcoming is already being fixed tonight; seems like an oversight by them.  I think they were hoping to have a bustling matchmaking system, instead of a bunch of private games.No character transfer- You'll be starting at level 1 again.Things I like so farTweaked Play- Pets now have abilities you can activate.  You'll find pet eggs you can hatch.  And there are items you can use in combat, like health potions and bombs, as well as buffs.  Also they added a dodge ability.Despite my short list of what I liked, I really enjoyed the original, and look forward to leveling up and seeing how the end-game has changed.  For people who haven't played the original, this is the version to get.  If you have the original and are debating getting this one for the discounted price, look at the things I highlighted.  Comment on this review if you have questions or want clarity."
,Recommended,302270,11370342,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Firephoenix544,"This review in a nutshell: Singleplayer was added, games now 500x better. Dont believe me?You should. All the negative reviews on this page are before they added singleplayer in.When you first log in, I will admit, its nuts. Have you ever been to a spawn town in a busy MMO, or gone to New York? Thats it. The tavern is a hub that EVERYONE uses. So, sometimes crazyness happens. But don't you worry, little girl, this is the only time your little loner side has to show like a sore thumb. Ignore the people. Go join A PRIVATE GAME. Dont join a public game if you dont want to join muilitplayer. BOOM! Your alone!The gameplay hasn't really changed, other than you now get less mana. Or so it first seems... in singleplayer this doesn't really matter, but in muilitplayer, people used to NOT share chest, and made it so people couldn't even do anything because there was no mana to go around. They changed it so every player can open every chest. So, 3 people can touch the same chest and it wont go away for the forth person. So, every player gets the same amount of mana. Otherwise, in singleplayer, this change sucks, because your getting less mana.The games pretty. Nuff said.They added some new missons to the main campain. It will feel a bit fresh to older players.The GUI, is uh... really, well ugly, acually. Its new. Does it feel rushed? Completely, acually. Its not something you can't get used to, mine you, but its odd.Coustumes are now items, so only 1 person can wear them. Yea, it kinda sucks. You can see your armor though, so who knows what you'll look like in the end anyway.2nd to last, the crafting system. Cool! At the time of this review I couldnt test it out, but I'm sure that i lets you dupe items for crafting ingredents you find on quests.Finally, the shop system. Lots of people don't like the whole spending real money thing, but its only for cosmetics, so its okay. The new system goes like this. Instead of using mana, it uses coins, witch is found the same way mana is. Its a bit more rare, but you wont cry because you only got 5 peices in a run. The money can buy lots of new items that are consumed on use. These items do a varying amount of things, but an example is a mana collector. Place this bad boy down, and collects mana for you? Easy! Nice! Theres also mana potions, health potions, bombs, lots of awesome stuff.So, yea buy this game. If you havn't bought dungeon defenders go buy this. Its worth it. If you have bought dungeon defenders, its up to you. Its a plunge your gonna have to take, but the new changes and others things I didnt take about in this review, You might be happy. Remember that you have a big discount because of you owning the game already.Remember though, I'm a dude on the internet. I like DD a lot. I bought this game (before singleplayer) knowning it was bad. I bought it anyway, because I love DD. I'm not gonna make you use your wallet. (If you have it anymore after the steam summer sales!)Oh, and all DLC carrys over. Nice!If I write anything else, I'll start writing a novel. You get the idea. Check out more reviews, NOT THE ONES BEFORE SINGLEPLAYER, before you spent your money."
,Recommended,302270,11376967,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,WC,"It's DD1, with a few changes.  I played (according to Steam) 831 hours of DD1.  So I'd say I'm pretty familiar with it.  This is basically the same game with some tweaks.I don't like the lack of offline mode, but I understand the reasoning.  It really is the only way to prevent cheating.I do like the pets-from-eggs (and they seem to be a lot more common) and that pets have quality levels.  I haven't done any crafting, but I'm looking forward to that.  Hardcore/permadeath is an interesting way to add a little spice to existing levels, as well as provide better loot in them.  Being able to play from a browser is nice, for those times when you aren't at your gaming rig.  Cross-platform play is nice, too.  It means I can play on my nVidia Shield or my PC or my fiancee's old Macbook.  (To be fair, I probably could have Steam-streamed it anyhow to those, but not while someone was using the PC.)I'll be looking forward to some UI improvements, though.  Inventory management is a pain.  Especially for comparing equipment.Overall, I like it.  Especially with the discount for owners of the original."
,Recommended,302270,11376307,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ghoul,"So there are plenty of negative reviews on how terrible this game is, where about 70% of the reviewers have around half an hour played. The game isn't any where near as bad as everyone says it is, and if you enjoyed the original game, you'll enjoy this one. The cash shop only sells $1 emotes and nothing else (at least as far as I have seen) and the servers were fine for the few hours I played yesterday. The game's a great buy if you loved the original but didn't buy all the DLC as it all comes included in this game, and while it might be a harder sell point for someone who already bought all the DLC, the few new features the game offers, and the promise of no hackers, is a decent reason to pick this version up, and if those don't sound like good enough reasons, then stick to the original."
76561197963723413,Recommended,302270,11369869,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LastMFtoBreathe,I don't know why evebody is trashing that game. It pretty much the same game with all dlcs for 15$. (6$ for previous owner of DD).And i'm sure most people missed it. But you can play Alone if you choose host private match.The good:Finally an online only mode so no more cheatingAll dlcs are included so you can play with any friendThe bad:The new installation which is map by map etc sucksNo offline mode at allNo achivements atm (used to give special items)
,Recommended,302270,11372632,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ein,"There is very little wrong with this game. It looks and feels like the original version, and the control and responsiveness are fine. They will feel clunky because you're going to play with a slow character for the first time in years.The public taverns are utterly painless, and remove the hassle of closing your game every time you want to look at your inventory. Nor will you need to politely decline the companionship of players 5 times your level while they hop around on the bar.Everything else seems pretty much the same to me, though I don't doubt that those of you who've put in hundreds of hours will find changes to the math you'll find pleasing or not so pleasing. The biggest change I see is that you won't need to derp around the game listing, wondering if you belong within the weird level range of the various games that have been running for heaven knows how long. You quite literally press go and get dropped into a game seconds later with people around your level. It's honestly pretty nice.As a side note, the numbers on the negative reviews here paint a picture of an angry little brigade putting in an hour or less before writing the game off on bugaboo grounds. There are serious reasons to find fault with this game - there always have been - but they certainly aren't in play here. These people are upset about specific disagreements they have with the direction the franchise has taken, NOT with the actual quality of the game."
,Recommended,302270,11373148,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sheepman,"The Good:- Visible armor- Active abilities for pets- New abilities (for all classes) through an amulet mechanic- Dodging mechanics- Crafting mechanics (haven't really gotten into this yet; might be♥♥♥♥♥♥- Pretty much the complete package of DD for a lower price than the original complete edition- Balanced item pick ups / general progression- New contentThe Bad:- Always online- Taverns are public (read: you load in to taverns with other players)- A second overlay/service with login needed (I really hate this for Steam games)- The new UI is clunky as all hell- Postprocessing somehow looks worse than the original (everything looks a bit ""greasy"") (the tavern seems to be the worst looking with actual maps looking slightly better) (easy fix by turning post-processing off, but I really don't understand how anyone looked at the effects and gave it an ""OK!"")- Seems to be missing a few levels/costume dlcs from the original (I'm afraid they might reintroduce this as microtransactions)- There's really no transparency from the developers of what exactly was added (or will be added in the future).  The Steam page comes off a little dishonest.There's plenty of strange decisions for this release; but for $6, I can easily recommend it if any of the new features interest you.  Otherwise?  Maybe stay away. But, I can't say I really regret my purchase; nothing is completely experience-ruining.  If anything, it's nice to have a ""new"" experience with Dungeon Defenders after all these years.  The only thing that concerns me is that they might just be testing the waters for ♥♥♥♥ing over the fanbase more at a later time."
,Recommended,302270,11380728,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Modkiq,"Don't care about the bad reviews that people with literally 0.2 hour playtime. I will provide you with a proper review for the game.I have no idea why this game is getting so many negative reviews. In this review I want to go over some of the things that they changed about the game.Before I start, this game is basicly Dungeon Defenders 1, with new content, and a lot of fixes.New ContentCash shopThe cash shop is getting a lot of hate by a lot of the reviewers. They are saying that it makes the game developers look greedy, and that they only care about money. This is false. The only thing you can buy in the cash shop, is taunts. You can buy taunts for $1 each, and there is a total of 34 taunts you can buy. It does not give you any benefits in the game, but it does make you very cool looking.The pause menuThey have made a new pause menu for the game, which does not only look amazing, but it is amazing as well. You can now change your options in game, without having to close, and re open the game. You can once again inspect players (look at their gear and stats), you can add randoms to your party without having to add them on steam, and you can report players for different reasons, like cheating, offensive username, language and profile picture.The tavernThey are using the same tavern as in the last game, but you are now sharing  the tavern with other players. This makes it possible for you to just sit in the tavern, and chat, make new friends, trade with randoms etc. It makes a community out of the game.Story mode, challenges, and just maps in general.They are using basicly all (and some new ones) maps form DD1, but they have made it so you have to complete them in order to be able to play them. This makes it so you can no longer but the game, and instantly lvl up to the max lvl. You have to work for your lvl, and you have to work for your gear. This makes it more funt o play with friends.Pets, armor, weapons.You can now see parts of the armor you are wearing, which is really cool. All the armor pieces does not look the same, like it does in the original game, and you no longer get armor with just +1 stats if you play on easy mode. This makes it way more balanced.For the pets, I think they have made a huge improvement. They have made it so all lvl 1 pets comes from eggs that you need to carry around (basicly just have it in your inventory) until they hatch, and you get a new pet. All pets have special abilities that you can use (with cooldowns), plus they will fight for you, like they did in the original game.For the weapons, I have ot noticed anything different yet, apart from the new textures.Coins!You no longer have to be greedy when you are upgrading your friend's towers with your mana, because you no longer use mana as money. They have made it so you get coins instead. This makes a lot more sense to me, as I think of magic, and summoning when I think of mana. I don't think about buying armor with it. You get coins about the same way you get mana. You get them form killing mobs, selling your loot, and completing maps.Small changesI have found a few small changes in the game too, that I think are really cool.When you are near another player, you can see their health and mana bar over their heads. Now you don't have ti pause the game to see if anybody has any mana left!There is a mini-map in the corner of the screen, so you don't have to enable the full-scree map to see where the remaining mana-chests are. You can just look at the mini map! You can of course use the large map too, if you perfer that.When you are building a tower, or repairing one, there is no longer a giant progress bar showing in the middle of the screen. They made a small, but nice looking bar down in the left corner instead.Keybinds for your forge. Now you have keybinds you can use in your forge, instead of having to click first the item, then the unlock button, you can simply click L while hovering your mouse over the item you wish to lock/unlock to do so. There are more keybinds like this.Things I don't like about the gameIt is a bit confusing the first 20 minutesYou kind of have to play DD1 to understand what's going on in this game. I guess you could always google a ""Dungeon Defenders Eternity tutorial"".The first time you load something, the textures are blurry as they render for the first time.They change a lot of things in the game without warnings. Suddenly they figure they want to remove single player, but after a while they add it again..-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall, this is a very good game, and if you liked the old game, this is a must. I have 500 hours on the old dungeon defenders game, and I wouldn't be suprised if I got up to another 100 hours on this game.I don't know why this game got so many bad reviews (mostly by people that only played it for under 1 hour). I believe it is because it is so different from the first game. It takes some time to get used to the new things. People are getting mad when they see that there is a cash shop, but I don't think they should worry about it, as the cash shop only sells taunts. You can buy everything else for in-game coins! I really have no idea why they are calling this a phone-app though. It is just like DD1 in my opinion.Notice that the game is not a finished project. They game came out yesterday, and they are still working on things like bugs (haven't found any serious bugs yet), new content etc. You have a lot of things to look forward to if you buy this. It also has some sneak peaks on dungeon defenders 2, as they use some of the DD2 things in this game. And yes, they added private games, so you can play alone if you perfer that."
76561197961533577,Recommended,302270,11371838,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dark Eagle,"If you liked DD1 and are looking forward to DD2 BUY THIS!!It's fun!YOU CAN GET ANY WEAPON FROM ANY LEVEL NOW!I got a steamsaw from forges an foundries.You won't have people that are way to high level ruining your game nowIt's like the first time I played DD1, I love having to learn all the new stuff - like upgrading a weapon.you get 1000 slots in your storage to keep ALL the things!You will start over completely.No more steam disconnects.Everyone gets their own loot!!!! No more sharing/stealing loot drops. All the loot you see is yours, everyone else sees their own lootIts The same but VERY different.Pet egg dropsJust get it seriously. The feeling I had playing the first few levels on easy was worth the money.It's like playing DD1 again for the first time.EDIT: I made a video reviewhttp://youtu.be/IoOI3Wtz6fE"
76561198047997516,Recommended,302270,11378461,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Botafin,"Rebalanced, visible armor equips, online tavern, pet eggs, crafting, bonus content, and helps support Trendy Entertainment support DD2! Everything an original dungeon defender fan could ever want and more! SOLD!"
76561198027642405,Recommended,302270,11375454,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Katyusha,"Hey to the people that are crying over the game, it just came out they are still adding things to the game.  it is much easier for them to update it in small amounts then to make one large update give the game a week or so.  also i think its much better, you need to mess with the settings a bit and turn off some things to make it look better.  and over all they did good and if not i like doing things like this game over hope you all like this game as much as i do."
,Recommended,302270,11369103,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sacronik,The only complaint I have about this game is how much people are complaining about a great game.
76561198046492885,Recommended,302270,11368284,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Robin Crass Inc. (Not dead yet),"This game is pretty much the first game with all skins and dlc's. I like the new interface well enough. Pets are now more common and now in the form of eggs which hatch after a few games, Weapons have new animations, armors now show on your charcter, sheilds, and masks are now more common. Because of these item being more commen you don't have to grind the game in order to get diffrent items. Single player is now on it way at 7:15 so no need to complain about internet conection. 6 dollars for a game I already love with more maps and better interface, Sure why not."
,Recommended,302270,11378414,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Chezz,"Time to give my 2 cents. I have put hundreds of hours into the orginial Dungeon Defenders and decided to buy this one as well. Bottom line is, I believe it IS WORTH IT. Whether you are new to the game, or already own it. It is worth the money, and they seem to be working on and fixing any problems so far. DON'T LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS! Most complaints have been fixed at this point and there is still being work done. Overall, the game still plays the same as the original with some fixes and additions that arguably make the game even better! Now... let's get into it.This review is going to written as though you played the original just to point out the reasons for buying this new version.Pros:-More maps-Almost every DLC from the original comes included in this version-Any equiptment is now visible on your character-Pets have alternate abilities that can be activated-Item slots for equiptment that can be activated during battle for various effects (Summon a storm cloud that deals damage, make all your attacks poisonous, heal nearby players, etc)-Players now have there own mana chests as well as drops so no more stealing or fighting over mana/equiptment-You can dye your character AND items-Mana is no longer currency, instead during levels there are gold coins mixed in with the mana as enemies die-Hardcore mode is now scary (if you die...your character is gone for good)-Hitting control allows your character to kind of dash ahead a bit to get around a bit quicker-running into your towers causes you to jump automatically to allow you to get over them with easeCons:-Still HAVE to be online-When completing a level, you always have to return to the tavern prior to starting a new level-The overall userface and inventory system is a bit more clunky then usual, but is manageable-Hardcore mode I feel is also a bit too much some times haha-No split screen-A store that uses REAL money (but is only for cosmetic stuff like emotes and costumes so no biggie)Again, overall the game plays the same. Once you are actually in a match and playing through a level, you won't really notice a difference (other then a few of the new additions). Some things have even made the game better from the original! It's not as bad as those initial reviews made it seem, and although there have been some problems and it isn't perfect...it is getting there. And even as of now, it is still great and feels close to the orinigal DD we know and love. BUY IT!"
76561198040888769,Recommended,302270,11366186,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,8bitFlame,Has single player and private games now. No complaints so far.
,Not Recommended,302270,11393642,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Saito Fox,"Cant Login, Uses internet Explorer for its patcher, its a dumbed down, and worse DD1, if you are going to play or buy this buy the original..."
,Not Recommended,302270,11368898,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,(IO)Zarradeth,"I own the original and all of it's DLC, I am a fan of the game so I picked this version up.This version is horrible. The launcher is unnecessary and unattractive. The first time I tried to launch the game from it it crashed. You are now required to make an account with a servivce I have never heard of (you have to log into the account in the launcher before you can start the game). I understand that the service is providing servers to host games, which prevents hackers, but I absolutely hate how this was gone about. I'm sure another solution could have been found, or more time could have been put into implementing something such as VAC to not require another account just to launch the game. You are also immediately dropped into a multiplayer lobby with lots of people when selecting play, there isn't even a character select. This is also unnecessary and not something I think adds value to the game. I prefer starting a game and being present a menu, or at least some kind of character select, not being dropped into a game with a group of people I don't know. Oh yeah, and there are microtransactions... they went F2P without going free. My first impression upon launching this game (when I loved the original) is to stay far away. I highly recommend you don't spend money on this. Wait until the original version is on sale and pick that up- or just wait for the second one (which they hopefully haven't done the same to).This version of the game cripples a great game with a multitude of poor and unnecessary decisions. I am upset that I spent any money on this (even if it was only $6). I normally don't write reviews, but I want to help people avoid this. It's simply sad that such a great game was put into such a miserable state like this."
,Recommended,302270,11398499,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Grif_22,"As someone who played the Original DD quite a bit I was wary of a new version that had to be purchased seperately and  featured much of the same content as  the first title.  Having now levelled a new character into their mid 20's I can say that this version is better than the Original.  Players no longer fight over crystal chests each round; the loot system has been tweaked for a smoother experience and the dlc from the first title has all been included and rebalanced for a better levelling experience. The UI does  have some issues with not being very intuitive on how to manage your inventory but the developers have posted that UI changes are being looked into.  As far as price goes even at its full $19.99 tag, this version is a better deal than purchasing the first title with all the dlc; so its a no brainer for anyone who hasn't already purchased the first game.  With the game servers being handled entirely by the developer, instances of cheating will hopefully be far less prevelant or nonexistent compared to the first DD.  Overall I'd say this title has some rough spots to work out as far as its UI is concerned but overall I would not tell someone to not give it a try and enjoy one of the best action/tower defense games available."
76561198030174016,Not Recommended,302270,11401577,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Helghast Agent,"I played the original DD, i didnt get all the dlc but i got some of it because i liked it. That being said, this game has made me regret buying it, 6$ is meh to me, i couldnt give a crap about the money, i just regret ever having experienced this peice of crap, it's all different to the original, there's less infomation ingame and the controls are all screwd up, i cant play single player, and even after i managed to full download the whole game its still got a lot of flaws with the graphics and MS, it's almost like the company that made the game and is currently making #2 ran out of funds, and this is just a quick touch up, fluffed and spit shined into the spotlight to raise the money they need to get the real next gen DD out there. I'll be looking forward to DD2, but this piece of crap just makes me sad."
76561197980226164,Recommended,302270,11434886,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Rofl - TheMericTheory,"First I gotta say - feels really good to get back into a good grinding TD experience again!And it really is just that .. A hardcore grinding game - Perfect to take away your many leftover hours.Sweet new spell slots they made for more personal charecter options (also able to put in eggs to increase tower stats instead)Spells like  hero healing, tower healing, and extra field damage all found as both single target and area of effect or even personal player damage boosts for those who want to make the action themselves!And about the eggs - Feels awesome you need to first find the egg and then hatch them into pets later and not only does it make more sence but only increase the grinding you need to do further.They also added crafting which is a nice touch to a grinding game.The new survival mode they made makes it interresting in a whole new way because you cant just switch your chars and make the best defence by yourself .. now you actually need team members to get the job done proberly for the whole hour!Ofcourse for some that is also a downside, but fear not. Going beserk alone is very posible with the right spell setup!Now that was all the good stuff ..Dont know when any of this will be fixed but here is how it is as of now..Just when you log in it loads just as any other time.. But nothing happens .. Cant join tavern - AwesomeAnother bad thing they need to fix is the party option - and for a multiplayer game it should be crucial..?When you are in a party and try to start a map the ""ready"" button people need to press bugs out and you get stuck.When a map is over and you are in a party ( if you managed to get this far ) it sometime bugs the party and the trouble starts once again..This might not sound as much.. But when you got someone to play with and you might be able to play 1 map and then get stuck in bugs for more then 30 mins before just entering the tavern again to get stuck once more?It makes it bad.. Really bad .. Almost like the bugs got bugs :oBut even with the current bugs solo maps seem to work fine most of the time. And what you get to play is as awesome as ever!So besides the bugs in this game I fully recommend it! Maybe waiting abit to buy it is a smart move so they got some time to fix the bugs.. But not that it matter really when the game is this awesome!Hopefully this gave you some answers you were looking for. Hope to see you inside Defenders!"
,Recommended,302270,12918692,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pwego,"Listen up!! Here is the real review! Beware of people that are downvoting this game because of bugs. Look at the date of their review and then look to see if a patch just came out. The game acts really BAD when you click play at 25% downloaded instead of waiting for 100% and the first 3 days after a patch it acts really laggy, BUT after 3 days and 100% downloaded this game works perfectly.Now onto the review, this is a similar game to DD1 but they remade it for transitioning into DD2. This remake allowed rebalancing to all the items and classes. There are extremely few hackers, I have only seen 2 people with hacked items in all my hours on the game. Patches are plenty and they have added new levels and minions to keep it interesting. Downsides to DD1 players are that the reduced the size and weapon effects so you can't get rediculously huge items anymore :( . It took like 4 months to finally see nightmare survival mode and mix mode still isnt out, but we will have all the blanks filled in soon I hope. Still a great game just not as addicting as DD1. If what they say is true about item transfers to DD2 then I recommend playing DDE over DD1. There are a lot of minor UI and mechanics theyve added that really make the game more enjoyable.Still wish the game was more flashy and outrageous though."
,Not Recommended,302270,12915531,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,EMachine,"This is an obvious cash-in for fans of the original game, and is basically an HD version of the mobile game. Buyer beware."
,Recommended,302270,11393515,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Raigor,"I'm a Dungeon Defender Veteran as you can check on my Steam Profile. This game  is a optimized and improved version of the first one with all the DLC included. I do recommend this game to fellow defenders,  most of the negative reviews and feedback are because there is no offline play, no local COOP features remover from this iteration of the game to promote a safe environment with out the presence of hackers that populate the previous game. It is worth the 6$ asking price given that it includes new content, and also additional loot fro the upcoming DD2. The included cash shop is completly for optional  visual features that dont affect gameplay in any form. I loved the first one and I also loved this game, I do recommend the game to new people who wants to try the blend of rpg/tower defense, and fellow dd veterans."
,Not Recommended,302270,13783346,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lars,"DDE might look like a good deal since it includes most of the original game's DLC. It's not.The bad:- Playverse is a laggy, randomly disconnecting mess- Client is unstable, crash to desktop is common- Upgrades on the ground immediately disappear before you can run over to pick them up thanks to a low items on ground cap.- Towers somehow got dumber from the original, big damage tower like Striker now shoots the weak goblin in the front of a pack instead of the super tough ogre in the middle.- 'Noone' plays this, thanks to all the other issues, seehttp://steamcharts.com/search/?q=Dungeon+Defendersfor details.The good:- Includes vast majority of the dlc available in the original for free.- Can be played in offline mode which gets rid of the lag but of course its rather lonely."
,Recommended,302270,11746330,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,wuffie,not as good as Super Smash Brothers Melee for the Nintendo Gamecube
76561197960881682,Recommended,302270,11394759,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Executioner,This game is so amazing. Way better than the original.  The fact that some things transfer to DD2 when it releases is every more cool.  MUST BUY!
,Recommended,302270,11396070,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Jet2Cool4You,"For those who have played the original Dungeon Defenders, you'll love this game, it's an enhanced version of your favorite game, and also includes multiple new mechanics.  There are also dlc's included along with the purchase of the game, I'm not exactly sure if it'll maintain that way, but it's great.  For people new to this awesome Tower Defense, Co-Op game, you'll enjoy it, and get to experience a fresh game with very minor bugs and exploits"
76561198014469256,Recommended,302270,11397666,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Necrozius,"In some ways, this is a very pollished version of Dungeon Defenders. Lots of stuff has been fixed and streamlined. I really like the character customization options (although it is weird that we cannot choose the color of our character's hair, clothes and skin like we used to).However, the GUI is awkward and completely different: it will take a little while to adapt. It took me a good, long while to find some basic functions. I also hate the public tavern system: some players fill the place with so many traps that it gets real laggy. Wholly unnecessary!! I'd rather just have a party-only tavern.But once we figure out this new GUI, and the developers fix a few things, this will really rock. I'm glad that I'm giving it a chance."
,Recommended,302270,11395093,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[SLO] =Aton=,Afcorse same as DD but different on so many things. Best game ever!
,Not Recommended,302270,11689387,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Major Tom,"It's a slower paced, dumbed down version of Dungeon Defenders put into an attempted MMORPG style game. They make you pay $1 of steam cash for emotes. Not worth the time or money to play this, a total waste."
,Not Recommended,302270,11503644,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,buddabare ;)))),"I wasted £4 on this..., if you really want to get it, wait until they've finished the game or its less than £4 on a christmas sale. It may look good at first but all they've done is add unecissary things that a young child could think of. Come on ""Trendy"" step up your game... peace"
,Not Recommended,302270,17375657,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Jens August,"want a refund because it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ too bad, you have to spend 2 hours downloading♥♥♥♥♥♥from their horrible launcher."
76561198046376596,Not Recommended,302270,11546789,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sir Tally,Is there any need for this game to have a client to then launch the game which is launched through the steam client?
,Not Recommended,302270,11644008,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tree-LPer,"Basically, from what I heard and seen, this game makes all of dungeon defender's dlc useless. If you buy this game, you get EVERYTHING free. So basically, I wasted around 30 to 40 dollars in dlc and this game. I have all the dlc for the original dungeon defenders, and basically, it was all for nothing. Still had to pay about 5 or 10 dollars for eternity, and I get no perks, cosmetics, or any kind of extra.In other words, I absolutely hate that this game was released and that this company does not carre at all that we supported the previous game with so much money.To anybody thinking ""then just go play the other game instead"", no, it isn't right. The other game is technically pointless now because everybody is going to transition over to this one. This one is more balanced and has a lot more to do to keep the game going. But it is so discouraging that I spent so much money on these games, only to be placed in the EXACT same spot as everyone else who simply paid 5 dollars.To conclude, I will be researching more to see if I am incorrect, and if the other players can not actually just pick whatever look and character they like, but if I am correct, this company can be sure I will not spend another minute on any of their products. Free to Play or not, I will not give them any type of support."
,Recommended,302270,11438458,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ares,"DDE is what I would call the ""game of the year"" version of Dungeon Defenders. It constantly finds new ways to impress me as I play it, making the original DD seem obsolete in comparison. All the characters are unlocked from the get go, so you don't have to buy them seperately. Mana, chests, and all items are seperate to each player, so you don't have to fight over them. New item slots have been added like trinkets to use during combat such as Flash heal, Instant tower repair, and even a holy hand grenade to deal with pesky skeletons. A new currency has been added called coins, which is used to upgrade your items instead of mana. There are orb like items which grant you increased exp, loot drops, and loot rarity which apply for the entire map and for everybody, further encouraging team play. Towers now have stat numbers available, so you can see exactly how your skills affect them. There have been some downsides however, such as now your armor appears on your character at all times, which makes you look gaudy if your armor selection clashes. I would like the ability to turn this off. The summoner no longer has minion points but uses defense points like everyone else, however has been buffed to compensate. The tavern is a public hub, which lags everytime someone joins for a split second, making inventory management a bit irritating. Overall though, I would recommend this version over the original any day of the week. If you've already bought the dlc for the first one, maybe only get this for 5$ or if the new features really appeal to you. There is one last thing to mention, and that is the playverse overlay. I mention it last because it's barely worth mentioning as it doesn't really add anything to the game, and account creation takes a few seconds at best. Don't let it dissuade you from this awesome version of a good game.EDIT: The mana that drops from enemies is not shared and is able to be picked up by anyone. I'm sorry for misleading you on that fact. Chests and items still remain as being unique to you and you alone"
,Recommended,302270,11438624,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Sandmansndr,"I can't believe how incredibly negative everyone's reviews on this game are. I have never enjoyed playing the original Dungeon Defenders in multiplayer because everyone's characters were all end-game characters, or I got the impression people were playing the game just to get to higher levels- not to have fun.Dungeon Defenders Eternity has completely switched that around for me. I'm enjoying the game with a lot of other people, some DD veterans, some new. There are some emergency maintenances which disable matchmaking, but this is overtrumped by the revamped matchmaking thanks to playverse. I've made dozens new friends in just 22 hours of gameplay.The new abilities are also a great idea and brilliantly implemented in the game.Definitely recommended to people who enjoy a revamped Dungeon Defenders experience without cheats!"
76561198039468271,Recommended,302270,11444682,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Not The Great,"I don't know what the other reviews are about, but all of them are stupid, it's like they played the game for 1 minute, saw the UI and DRM, and quit, without even actually playing.Anyway, the game is basically DD repackaged with all DLC free, updated textures and graphics, and new features. If you loved DD, then you may be slightly offput by some things, but it's the same game in the end. Played it, loved it, and I can't wait for fresh updates, to get a sneak peek into DD2."
76561198036313784,Recommended,302270,11393304,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,TORGUE EXPLOSIONS,"In my opinion the game is WORTHLESS, I sent it as a gift to my brother via steam (Wich usually mean ""We dont need a ♥♥♥♥ING BETA KEY"") However we need 1 t create the free account, Simply put we need a BETA KEY that was never given to us!!!"
,Recommended,302270,11406754,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Richoux,"When I started playing to this new DD, i was like ""WTH is this ? This is totaly different than the original one. They are people in my tavern ! GET OUT !""But then, i played a couple hours, and the goal remains the same, you have to build towers and kill monsters. Of course the launcher is totally different, but it's because of the non-stop hackers who ruined the game with their impossible high score. The mana really lost its value as a currency because it was quite easy to add mana to yourself. Now there are coins, and it's impossible to cheat because of the server based datas. This is a good point IMO.I think they made this game as an other game just because they didn't want to delete the old school game, so people can play at their favorite. But still, why made this one not free or for really cheap ? I already got my DD game, i don't want to pay for quite the same think...It's not really expensive if you already have the game, but come on, 6€ until the 29th July, maybe 15€ after it's not nothing...A good point IMO, is that they listen to their customers, they made patch almost everyday in order to improve the gameplay and their game.So for all the people who trash-talk every time against Nom nom games and Trendy, be patient and stop insulting a game without even playing it. Do constructive criticism and be respectful to the work they did.Have fun !"
,Not Recommended,302270,12220161,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,AsavarTzeth Linux,"This game is broken and will not even launch on Linux. The developers are incompetent and clearly lack som fundamental knowledge in areas of cross-platform & operating systems outside of Microsoft Windows.In the end they settled on (fixing) the game under Linux, by way of using a third-party, messy & half-broken work-around startup script. This script was added to the Steam launch options and suffice to say, does not work well. This alone took them months to do, while it would have taken me about 10 minutes to achieve the same.The worst part is that litterally more than 80-90% of all other cross-platform developers on Steam could do it better and that is unacceptable. Incompetens and & lack of customer support, pure & simple."
,Not Recommended,302270,11750203,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Odin,"Devs are clueless. Ridden with bugs and problems.Server lag galore, rollbacks at random.Loot is useless.Balance issues."
76561198134188136,Recommended,302270,21592378,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,dune dune,Best RPG Strategy Game I've ever played
76561198028237226,Not Recommended,302270,11503355,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,konsento25,"As a player who has put in over 450 hours of game play for DD1, I was excited to hear about this ""definitive"" version. I knew from the start that yes it was the same game just with new features, no I won't have any of my old DLC since this is a new/separate game, and was excited about the visual gear (because I'm a firm believer in personal customization).So lets jump into the game.We start by making a profile which is fine. We did this in the old game, then we hit the “Play” button. I'm expecting to see a choose or create a character screen, but instead I'm in the tavern as a random cavern with a few dozen other people. In my confusion I just have to ask how do I make a character because nothing explains how. No brief tutorial, no inn keeper popping up on the side of my screen saying “hey, welcome, lets start by showing you around”. I actually restart the game a few times thinking this was a bug.Once I find out how to change my character, I decide to start how I started in the old game. Playing solo and leveling three different characters: Mage, Series EV, and the Summoner.Hours into the game, I find a few things very pleasing:Coin System: New currency system.Eggs: Pets in the old game were super rare.Pet abilities: Being able to have certain pets that do certain things helps with customization.4 new player abilities: These can be either eggs, consumables, or new skills.Trading through Play-verse: I can trade gear with friends even when they are offline.Visual gear & Dye: Again, I'm am all for customization.New Survival system: Rather then just more waves, you start and are pressured to build as the waves progress. More skill intensive.However I also find other things displeasing:Having to use play-verse to create groups with friends. Now I have no problem with games using their own system. Especially when multi-platform games. But the system its self is just super slow. Nothing shows you how to use it. Like having to create a party first, THEN add your friends rather then adding a friend and a party automatically being created.The Tavern: I know this is supposed to act like a main player hub. I nick-named it “Stormwind” from World of War craft. A place where all players go to when not doing quest's or missions. However the Tavern was originally built for a single player. Being able to show case mission rewards and host there own shops to earn mana. A system no longer in the game.The timer before a match starts: Maybe its just be being used to the old game where the match would immediately begin. I'm guessing it's like your League of Legends before play screen where it waits for everyone to load the data so the game play it's self can be smoother. But this is still the case for solo play.Make one character: Unlike the old game, you do no have split-screen capabilities that allow you to level up multiple characters, or invite friends to play on your account. This is more of a “if you want to play it, you must buy it on your own system.” which is in a total different direction then the first. But $$$ is $$$.Character swapping not as relevent. In the old game, to be a good solo player, you had to swap between characters during build phases. Build your towers, build your a.o.e bubbles, build your summoner minions, kill with your warrior. Now it's still possible to do this, but it's so hard to level a new character since you cannot run it yourself. Maybe running your own alts wasn't a normal intention even in the first game.What it needs:Some way to help players better understand what it is they are doing. What to do, and what everything means.If it is so hard to level up multiple classes, show a preview or have a detailed list on what a character does. Like e.g. Barbarian. “Since he cannot build defense, he uses two weapons and stances to destroy waves of enemies” before players embark on the journey and waste their time.Overall:If you own the first DD, if your looking for new new, this isn’t it. However this is a good refresher.I will stick in a few more hours because I just like the overall feel that DD gives and I know that this is still early and it's a preview for whats to come in DD2. Using DD as a trial and error system."
,Not Recommended,302270,11507363,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Creeperexplosion,"♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥cash grab MAKE DUNGEON DEFENDERS 2 YOU ♥♥♥♥ING LAZY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(edit) I actually don't even want to buy DD 2 because of this. This is absolutely unacceptable. Trendy, how could you do this? You scammed thousands of people with this, including me. I want you guys to die as a company for this."
76561198098785271,Recommended,302270,31368777,Posted: 25 April,all,Ominsi,Great game. Love it
76561198053669026,Not Recommended,302270,11769038,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,saliddry,DONT BUY THIS GAME  go get the original without  braindeath devs trying to implement a new  balance in a copy of there old game2 POINTS THAT SUCK MOSTThis idiot devs removed the kick/bann option for idiots who sell your towersyou end up in games  with monkeys who sell others players towers  to have points to place there own stuffand all you can do about it  is  REPORT PLAYER ... an report noone ever cares aboutand they made the SUMMONER USELESS letting him use the same defense points cap as the other classes .... in the original summoners had there own point pool for summonsmade the summoner a good party member cause you could get the double defensenow hes useless .. no weapon no extra points for summonsthis devs are arselickers ... trying to find a new balance for an simple ♥♥♥♥ copy of there old game and ruining everythingTHEY NOW WHY DUNGEON DEFENDER II will be f2p NOONE WOULD BUY IT !!!!!if someone would have infomred me that enterity is an ALPHA♥♥♥♥♥♥of the OLD  dungeon defeners game with idiot devs  nerfing around and  ruining everything i would have never paid this .........
,Not Recommended,302270,11499898,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,guardianzozo,they tried to hard and failed... horribly i had to leave after a few mins cause i just could not take it if i could get my 5 bucks back i would. Such a disappointment too since i loved the first one.... no idea why they didnt just add the new levels it the first game. Well okay i do know they wanted to make more money not to mention microtransactions??? really? yes the first one kinda had that wout outfits and such but come on this is just the same as the first with a worse GUI the need to make an account for them (instead of just using steam) and a few levels...Totally not worth it
,Recommended,302270,17679258,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cream Dream Supreme,It's aight.
76561198065163308,Recommended,302270,11458412,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kefka,"It takes the base game, and give you all the bonus characters, dlc's, and costumes. It also reworks alot of textures, rebalances alot of things, and adds brand new features along with maps and new areas. It's basically a golden version of normal dungeon defenders, it's also cheaper than buying dungeon defenders and then all of it's dlc's. You save more than $30, and get a much better experience."
76561198038557624,Recommended,302270,11460610,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Joe,Its one of the best games on the market if you ask me. So many people who had problems with the game are giving it bad reviews( i did my self) but after finally getting past pack11(just had to turn off kasperky) ive put hours into the game without any regrets. the community is great never met a♥♥♥♥♥♥ You get all the DLC WELL WORTH 15$ dont listen to everyone else im a fkin pony.
,Recommended,302270,11445436,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Weeb Queen,"Summoner doesn't suck anymore, 11/10"
,Recommended,302270,11453644,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Lookabird1,better than the 1st DD
76561198012220608,Recommended,302270,11455297,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ruemann,"There are some kinks that they are working out, but it is a good value for the price. Plenty of characters to be, and plenty of maps to play along with varying modes that are standard to Tower Defense games, e.g. survival, boss waves. The Action RPG elements are not similar to Diablo or the likes, but add a level of engagement above that of just placing towers."
76561197974355472,Recommended,302270,11457878,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Lazien,"LOVE this game, best tower defense game period."
,Recommended,302270,11469354,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,travm12,"Great alternative to dungeon defenders. If you are thinking of getting dungeon defenders get this instead. It might have some issues, but they are trying to fix them. A majority of the issues the first game had (e.g. hacked items) has been removed. The biggest problem this game has is no conversion of characters on the original to this one. Also I think this game requires an internet connection. It is what should have been expected when getting this game. I am sorry, if you feel this review has misled you, or if this review is incorrect. You have to realize that not everyone has the same taste in games."
,Recommended,302270,11454368,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Doomsmith,Nice improvements so far.
,Recommended,302270,11474552,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,WraithinShadow,"Enjoyable Game as an existing player I can see where the game got broken.All those who say you can't play solo have not looked at the ""host private session"" which will let you solo or host a private group without random Players dropping in.The 4 new campaign maps are fun.It has most of the games original dlc content only the seasonal maps aren't available and a handful of linked costumes."
,Not Recommended,302270,16140224,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Occifer,I'd stay away from anything Trendy Ent. is involved with.  Dungeon Defenders started great but they ruined it with all the DLC and bugs.  Dungeon Defenders Eternity was supposed to be the definitive version of DD but ultimately was a cash grab.  They have stopped supporting the game and it hasn't been released a full year yet.
,Recommended,302270,11378004,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BROBQ,"Dungeon Defenders Eternity is everything original Dungeon Defender lovers wanted. I first want to get the ""always online"" thing out of the way. They have their reasons for it and that's that. Do I like it? No. But I also paid $6 for this game (which mind you includes ALL DLC from the previous Dungeon Defenders, maps and all).Private/ single player sessions are no longer an issue, as they included it in a patch. With that said, disregard all prior terrible reviews made by kids with .4 hours on record. If you loved the first Dungeon Defenders then I promise, you'll love this one. It's the same thing as the first, but updated features, textures, and maps.One of my favorite new features is visible armor upgrades. Before only your weapon would change it's look. Now they've done it with all of the armor so you can actually look different and feel badass."
,Not Recommended,302270,13602071,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mysto,"Dungeon Defenders was a good game and most important a fun game. It had a few flaws, but it was very much liveable because the game was fun. Now with this ""remake"" they completely ruined it. All the new features made this game simply horrible to play."
76561198030173883,Not Recommended,302270,11747443,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Littletreewater,"All in all I would not recommend purchasing this game. It's a rehash of their original and I don't believe it provides the merit required for buying it again. Further they big sell on it is that you can't cheat anymore because it is online. What it didn't fix is the ability to ban or kick players from your game. You can pretty much gaurantee that 50% of your games will end like this:You star the map, you play, somewhere between half way and close to the end someone will jump into the game, sell everything give you the perverbial middle finger and then leave.The game is a bit buggy, but Trendy has worked hard on fixing the bugs so there is that benefit. Though all in all I'd wait for DD2, or just write the game off entirely. I know personally I probably wont be looking too hard at DD2."
,Not Recommended,302270,13133049,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Gilded Man,"LAAGGGGGGGGGGGGG, also ui sucks, and many other problems that i dont care to look into.basically, Get DD1 instead, its much better.edit: why are people still reviewing this???also the devs abandoned this gamesee above, or get DD2"
76561198030409820,Not Recommended,302270,11519928,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,gtraxxa7,"I loved the original game. Really, loved it! Gave it as a gift to at least 10 friends, including all DLCs.When this was launched I decided to try it. And I liked what I saw. And I gave a couple of gifts to my friends.- NOT EVEN ONE WAS ABLE TO PLAY _  All affected by different bugs on the launcher. They cant even run the game.Stay away from this for a few months. Let the devs iron out the bugs. Then come back, for the game has potential."
,Not Recommended,302270,11485065,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Unforgiven/Spooler,"Just stick to or buy the original, too many head aches with the always online garbage to make this worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,302270,11513870,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,infinite_lols,no i hate the downloading when u are in game and the the game is to overwelming at the start
76561198055900814,Not Recommended,302270,11486026,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Firekrydder,Good job with making a new better derpenen defenders!
,Not Recommended,302270,11514431,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,dbacher,"Having played the original dungeon defenders and owning the entire DLC, I have to say this new version is pretty horrible.  From poorly thought out to just plain annoying, this game attempts to do everything in its power to make me not want to spend one dime on the poorly thought out microtransactions.From being dumped in a multiplayer tavern for maximum possible lag, to having to wait in a queue to play private games, this manages to completely miss the opportunity to repair the problems it claims to be attempting to fix.Avoid this version like the plague -- buy the original version and let this version rot."
,Not Recommended,302270,11529464,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,spoco2,"Wow. Way to ruin a great game!I just bought this for my young kids as they absolutely ADORE playing the original with each other doing split screen local co-op.They were pestering me for it, saying it was an improved version, more stuff, better graphics.Ok, it's only $6, why not?And now it's installed... and they are faced with a tavern with people from god knows where...I LOVED the first game because they could safely play together, experiencing a mulitplayer game without the dangers and problems of a 'real' online game.And what is it now? No split screen. No local multi-player. A separate clunky client that gets in the way when you launch it from steam.Wow... you've really, really let yourselves down here in the rush to make as much money as possible.Shame :("
76561198018499656,Not Recommended,302270,11496035,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Greysnow,please all i ask of you is don't waste your time same game crappy interface and now with our favorite real money storewhat a peice of garbage i have lost all hope for games and the people who supourt this kind of games as actually games my andriod has better games
,Not Recommended,302270,13038174,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FurryPhyire,"All my hours are spend on the launcher. >1 hour ingame. Spent 24 hours fixing the launcher and getting the game to launch. Also, not ""The same game you know and love"" as per the video, completely different and annoying you every step of the way."
,Not Recommended,302270,15008411,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,T H I C C D U C K,Well i'm sorry to say this but this is kind of crap i can't do anything!All i can do is walk around and lag like hell.I'm running a gaming computer windows vista from toshiba and it says it will run PERFECTLY.I do have the original for xbox 360 and it is a great game so please tell me something to fix this or ignore me if it really comes to that just wanted to get this out
76561198172227141,Recommended,302270,15420664,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,tei.lolxs,i like because ic cool i disliked because dont work i pres play then noting hapend
76561198232296984,Recommended,302270,22509260,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dbrad,Great game...
,Recommended,302270,11573025,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,"Great game! My hours may appear low as I've mainly played this on Android and PS3. There's 100's of hours of playtime in this title though, and it's really fun upgrading all of your skills for harder maps. 10/10"
,Recommended,302270,11653022,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,alguien,"watching other people reviews, it seems that they would never understand why they changed this. In my opinion this was a great step knowing that the ol' famous 999 stat stuff was literally hacking and if the level cap is lower thats becouse they needed to start again, the game is hard to understand but once you get used to it u will just like or love it.the offline mode is not here, neither the private tavern but thats good cuz i was getting tired of getting the high level stuff so soon, and so i can enjoy the game at its original difficulty"
,Recommended,302270,11697809,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"People will not give this game enough credit considering the amount of content Trendy has added/ will be adding all because they used not the ~best term to describe this final iteration of DD. (Definitive).Many nice cosmetic features have been added/ revamped, small things like:- Personal loot- Personal mana chests- Being able to see your equipment on your HeroAnd even some bigger ideas seen through:- Five new maps, each of which fit in nicely with the original story, plus the last one which is its own map entirely.- Long-term balancing of each class - we will eventually have a balanced DDE (this is why Definitive was a bad word)- All DLC from DD already comes with this game, they could have made us re-buy it again, especially for those that never owned DD/ bought the DLC in the first place. No, they're not greedy people.- A way to both make this original game as good as it can be, plus some slight insight into DD2, plus we're essentially testing out features - this will avoid DD2 issues that were presented in DDE. Be happy, stop nagging to your every need.- You shouldn't be expecting Nightmare mode because it wasn't stated that NM was available in this game. They are most likely working on making it as balanced as possible, most likely in parallel with what it might be like in DD2. Who knows.The negatives would be:- Playverse: Not very intuitive, so there's much to be desired.- The game should probably have been left untouched (original content-wise) *if at all possible*. And then just amended when necessary with patches.- Other little things here and there which are being addressed on the forums. If you're curious, check the forums out, it'll do you some good.All in all there have been more positive changes/ additions to the game than any negative bugs, etc that could weigh the game down. Already putting a decent amount of hours into this game once again!"
76561198030962791,Not Recommended,302270,11809920,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Nihil,"I want my money back! This game wasn't advertised properly and I was led to believe that this was an expansion which is not, it's the same game basically rebalanced. They also require you to buy all the DLCs from SCRATCH! Unacceptable!"
,Not Recommended,302270,22258797,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dysphuncshutional,Just no!
,Not Recommended,302270,13280266,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,lansparty,Not worth it if you own the original.
76561198007920743,Recommended,302270,16204780,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Giant Bunny Rabbit,bad servers
,Not Recommended,302270,11979571,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Hades,"I have been playing this game quite a bit, because I really like the concept... but it really still is a concept.DD was terrible because of the insane time it took to level your characters, that is fixed with this one.But in DDE just isn't a finished game at all. And unfortunately full of bugs, as you can see on the forum.For me first my account got reset out of nowhere, that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but I tried again.Now the last few days my account has suffered a rollback twice after survival, which just takes the damn cake. It makes it impossible to enjoy this game if you might lose all your progress at any given time, so I'm just going to give up on this buggy DD-version."
76561198010602059,Not Recommended,302270,11951849,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Problem Child,"i dont know if i like to recommend it...the gameplay is still good the new optic possabillties are also nice, but GOD the user interface....it was so well done in dd1: it was simple, it was easy to understand and it was nearly impossible to mess something up. But in this game they obviously threw everything up with the words "" HEY GUYS YOU KNOW WHAT?! WOULD BE FUN IF WE MESS UP THE INVENTORY SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD, THAT IT WONT BE USABLE UNTIL PPL USE GOOGLE""i cant find words for it how ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ing messed up this ♥♥♥♥ing inventory♥♥♥♥♥♥is... by the gods fix this messed up piece of crap"
,Not Recommended,302270,14962108,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Layarion,"if you don't like the original DDE, don't get this. if your hoping for bug fixesa and core changes to improve teh QoL and gameplay, don't get this. if you loved DDE the way it was, you might want to get this, but it's got alot of basic bugs carried over from DDE and some that DDE didn't have.for example towers do not prioritize any targets on this game, unlike DDE."
,Not Recommended,302270,13288881,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Shadowsenn,"Just a rebalance of the original game, but this time they shove unnecessary microtransactions (That don't even affect gameplay. -_-) down your throat.  It completely ruined the game for me."
76561198125775541,Not Recommended,302270,13285619,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tommy Fucking Rose,This game is absolute shait compared to the first one
76561198030402322,Not Recommended,302270,13282372,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,BRAWLER259,Just no don't do it.
,Recommended,302270,15618439,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mikesnow,rehash of DD
76561197992782569,Not Recommended,302270,14308392,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Unsatisfactory,Game fails to install.0/10Would uninstall again.
76561197962983045,Recommended,302270,17544868,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,CrazySeal.,"Loving DD Eternity, though it wasn't necessary, it is a totally welcome remake of the first.But it's not just a remake, to me, its 100% improvements, to the point where it feels like a totally new game.It's an overhaul to Dungeon Defenders, you might call it DD 1.5, they incorporated all the expansion packs and added tons of new content, including new bosses and equipment slots.  I love the franchise and I like this game a ton.I completely approve of Eternity, Completely 2 thumbs up!!!"
76561197971112263,Not Recommended,302270,13874334,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The White Squirrel (2423),"If you want to play this game offline by yourself you may want to rethink your purchase.  It seems you need to download the full game (why it is not downloaded via Steam I don't know) but it does not give you any way to actually download the full game.  I suppose maybe that is an option after you sign up for an account and login online but since I want to play offline and don't see why I need to create an account to do that, I am left with a game that will never be played.  Sad seeing I put over 400 hrs in DD1.Also, I would have forgave Trendy/NomNomGames for the above if they had actually offered any support/solution.  But after 30 minutes of looking for support email address/contact numbers to no avail I gave up.  I see they do offer support for DD2 so I guess they no longer care about DDE.EDIT: Just in case anyone wonders why I have play time, it is because I will leave the menu open to get the cards so I can sell them and recoup some of my money."
,Recommended,302270,18106613,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Rhydönn,"This game combines the best of two worlds; an awesome tower defense and strategy game with an in depth character builder and 3 person combat game. Safe to say, this game is quite family friendly and will please even the most hardened gamer... until they beat everything in the game."
,Recommended,302270,18557156,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[Wiskie],Gg gj
,Recommended,302270,11378205,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The-Mad-Umper,"Just as good as the original, very few minor quirks that need to be ironed out in the future. (7/10)"
,Recommended,302270,11378824,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,pewpewtime,"Love it! Better balanced, better UI, better loot system, and NO MORE HACKING -- in theory. This is what DD should've been from the get-go. Contrary to what some of the early reviews said, this is NOT just a mobile port. And there IS both single player and private party play (though you still have to be online -- that's how they prevent hackers, as everything is hosted on their servers this time).Big changes:===========================* Online only play. No more hacked characters and items, hopefully. Matchmaking (presumably hosted on Trendy's servers) instead of peer to peer hosting. Hopefully no more hacked hosts.* No split screen, level xp revamped. You don't jump from 0 to 70 with three split screen characters in Tavern Defense anymore. You actually have to earn your levels with each character.* Towers rebalanced. Summoners now use DU like everyone else. Most towers cost less DU. EV buff beam nerfed so it's not the end-all-be-all must-have tower anymore. (Opinion: I think this is a change for the better, because now you have to think about which towers and heroes to use. It's no longer just poons + buff beams + minions. Will have to wait for higher level play to see how this turns out... but so far it seems promising.)* Loot system redone. Everybody gets their own private loot and don't have to compete with others anymore. Much more loot variety: weapons, sets, quality levels (tiers), etc. all much better. Loot's actually useful now.* Mana system redone: Every player gets their own mana chests (total chest mana is divided by number of players). They see their own crystals when they kill a monster. You can still drop mana for other players.* Microtransactions were only for the new emotes. All heroes, maps, and non-legendary/super-legendary costumes are included for free. (Not sure if this is because I already own them for DD1)* Visible armor sets and accessories for all characters. It's fun to see the Jester wear hats on her knees and belts on her hat :)* Pets now drop as eggs that need to be incubated and then hatched. All this means is that you carry them in an inventory slot for a wave or two and then double click on them to see which pet you got. Then they level up as before. But now every pet has both their old passive ability and a new active one. For example, the genie can summon a mana aura that increases mana drops in a radius for a while. The helicopter cat can add additional damage to your next attack (almost like hawk stance). The faerie does a large AoE heal. Etc.* A few new maps* It uses their own Playverse service for matchmaking/chatting instead of Steam. It really sucks, is buggy as hell, and completely unnecessary. Wish they stuck with Steam.* You can carry up to 4 activatable inventory items. There are Amulets that add skills like regeneration auras, poison DoTs, flash heals, etc. There are also bog-standard potions (healing, for example) and some one-time-use bombs, decoys, etc.* True hardcore mode: With this on, your character permanently dies (loses all levels and equipment) if s/he falls. The best loot is found in this mode -- for those willing to risk it.Minor changes:===========================* Revamped UI, with item sorting, filtering, etc. Better item comparisons. Better item and tower stats. Other quality-of-life UI enhancements: You can now filter out all lower tier weapons, for example, and then unlock them all and sell them all at once!* Armor & weapon dyes* Every character can hold two weapons and switch between them, like the Jester and EV could before.* Most DLC costumes available from the get-go, without needing requirements or additional payments. Legendary and Super Legendary costumes still need to be earned, if they're in the game at all (not sure yet).* Consumable items (health potions and whatnot)* In-game currency is now gold coins instead of mana. Most chests, monsters, etc. drop coins. You can also sell items for coin. Coinage is abundant at least in the early game.* Currently, the real-world money shop only sells emotes for your costumes. Not sure if they'll add more things later.* You can make a short forward dash several times before needing to recharge it (basically a sprint)* Finally, rebindable keys (or Xbox 360 buttons -- including readying and dropping mana!)* Borderless full screen mode* Minor graphical updates* You can now type full sentences in chat! No longer limited to the previous 70 or so characters.Conclusion==========================Definitely worth it for $6. I've switched to this for the online play alone, to be free from hackers, and probably won't go back to DD."
76561197961205241,Recommended,302270,11378515,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,World's Pawn,"Overall a solid upgrade from the original Dungeon Defenders, and I spent hundreds of hours on that game.It appears they've made a solid effort to remove the hackers from the game. While the hackers in the original game didn't ruin the game (we're all against the monsters anyway), it did cheapen the experience. Perhaps now ""Level 100"" will actually be a sign you're competent enough to take lead on a defense.I am slightly disappointed by the Summoner nerf (using DU instead of MU) but it's probably for the best. All master builds in the original needed to take full advantage of a maxed Summoner since the MU was independent of DU."
,Recommended,302270,11378573,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Krotain,"After the update adding in single player and private matches, I have become more than pleased.  The money shop is only for cosmetics as it would appear, however it would be nice to ot have one at all.  The always on internet connection is pretty stupid as well but if it makes the game harder to cheat on then go for it.  A major plus about this game is the fact that there is at least curently no DLC, everything that was DLC in the first DD is there, and for only $6.  This game is not the best and I would hope DD2 is much better, but this is just a remake, I would recommend this game.EDIT: I'm still finding that those who didn't like the game initially are still being stubborn about the game even though the developers have listened to the players within a single day."
,Recommended,302270,11375939,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,DaS,"A definite buy for any defender! :DPrepare yourselves adventures, as you delve back into Etheria like you never have before!"
,Not Recommended,302270,12698981,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SrslyDarkJuju,Like Dungeon Defenders? Like in-app purchases? Like reduced content? This game is for you!
,Recommended,302270,11373459,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,CHEEFFY,"it was worth the 6$ in the first hr of gameplay.... dont understand all the neg feedback.... mabie cuz you cant hack your items anymore.... its the same game as the old one but better... if u cant see yourself or mom and dad giving up 6$ for this then go get a couple  taco's and a beer (same price), mabie that expierence will be better for you.."
76561198047752027,Recommended,302270,11378388,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Elzrath,"Eternity is a revamped overhaul of the orginal Dungeon Defenders. It comes with all the popular defences of the original is more stable and from what theyve said it hard to hack which is nice. ITs also a fun way to start from the beggining the new pet system is awesome with hatching eggs you find during defences. I loved the original. If you can get over PLayverse being another account to sign up for its worth it. And if you own the original its 6$ and I say completely worth it even as someone who bought every DLC I just consider this a dlc that makes me restart. Also Hardcore permadeath adds meaning to beating all levels on hardcore. Only issue I didnt like where minions from the summoner taking DU instead of MU but from what a dev told me its to properly balance late game and the new campaign theyre working on. So I'll let it slide. Dont follow the hate Eternity is nothing more than paid DLC that we've gotten time and time again it delivers what it promises. WE got private sessions within 5 hours of its release, playverse isnt evil and they arent just trying to suck money from people."
76561198130566856,Recommended,302270,11369877,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Anthony40990,so good finalizes what the game should have been like
76561198054670502,Not Recommended,302270,12570609,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ILuv3.14,"Not sure how you can develop an original game that is good, but make the upgrade less useful.  Must be Apple developers.  Come on guys."
76561198054322386,Not Recommended,302270,11395299,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Prinny,this page of the game said its have  single player and i didnt saw any option to play on single playeri have been lied to and i am very dissapointed that when i open character i  get random char on level leveli dont have choice to choose my char.im very dissapointed  and i regret buying this game
,Recommended,302270,11398950,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Krimson,"Like many of the people complaining, I also sank a LOT of money on the original DD. With that being said though, that game and community were completely dead for me. The fact that people could get anything they wanted just by running a program in the background killed it for me in every sense of the word. This game has been given new life with this release making it a LOT harder for people to just hack and get what they want. One cool/weird thing they did with this game though is you don't download anything until you need it. That means when you first start the game, EVERYTHING is going to be super blurry. Just give this some time and it will pass as you download the required files. So far this game has been wonderful and fun to play again and really helped revive a game that just wasn't fun to play anymore.--UPDATE--After playing this game for almost 60 hours now after its first release I can honestly say that the game is better than its previous counterpart. While the game is still going through some growing pain as far as the servers adjusting to the player load, the staff seems to be really helpful and quick to fix any issues that come up. The staff also takes a lot of what people are saying in the forums and fix what needs to be fixed.-- Conclusion --If your reading all these posts saying stuff like ""THE SERVER IS DOWN, WE CANT PLAY"" or, ""This game sucks, there is no single player"" then your just reading peoples first impression. Even WOW couldn't keep their servers playable for the first couple days and DD is doing a way better job than they did. The single player is now enabled due to popular demand. They are fixing every issues as they come up including server down time. When it does go down its for like 5 to 10 minutes tops and this only effects you if your not already in a game, it wont kick you out of one you already have going. Ignore these trolls who didn't give the game a fair shot or are just upset that their hacked max item set can't be transfered from the old hackers resort version of the game.GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,302270,11370548,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Beers Of War,This game is amazing! I am not sure where to start telling you why you should buy this game. Instead I am going to go play it. I hope you make the right decision...
76561198024038286,Recommended,302270,11379252,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,D_arka,"I don't know why people are complaing. This Game is fun and great and 6 bucks for all the dlc I didnt have before. Revamped system, new missions, Achievements, Trading Cards, And TF2 compainion trinkets. My god this game is good. But then again I look past what the haterz are saying to enjoy this game to its fullest."
76561198034307201,Not Recommended,302270,12702233,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BLOOD,"has only properly worked once, other than that i cant connect to online taverns unless i play in a private one. since this game doesnt even really work and its been out for a while i do not recommend it. Also the user interface for the menus is worse than the original dungeon defenders why couldn't they just leave it the way it was atleast that one worked."
,Not Recommended,302270,11369701,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Garvorious,"Do NOT buy this game. Even if you owned the previous DD game, the six dollars is NOT worth this downgraded crap. I don't even understand why they even bothered milking people for more money, only to include a cash shop. A freaking CASH SHOP.I am not paying twice for things I already own. This is a huge ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to your loyal fans, Trendy.If I could get my money back, I would."
,Recommended,302270,11451070,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Stepko,Most people try to focus on one aspect of this game. I'm going to approach this game from many angles and enlighten the potential buyers what to expect.(-)First: The player verse menu. I'm not a fan of it. It’s a little glitchy and the interface is not very clean. But it is semi functioning… as long as the servers are working correctly.(+/-)Second: Always online. Most people complain about this. I like it. For people that like to split screen and play solo w/o interwebs. Stick with original DD.(+)Third: The overall changes and rebalances are nice. I like the options and the customizations of DDE better.(+)Fourth: They have frequent updates and feedback.Worth $15? NoWorth the $5? Yes
76561198120385078,Recommended,302270,12377196,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ee,"As A Huge Fan Of The Base Game Dungeon Defenders This Game Is Really Fun, Theres Just One Issue, The Servers On This Game Sucks, Other Than That It Is A Great Game."
76561197970604668,Not Recommended,302270,12953242,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Teebor,"I started Playing this game not long after release, it was glitchy and bug riddled.  It got to the point where frequent roll backs meant that it was impossible to progress.So I left the game to be patched for a month or two, I saw many patches released and lots of bug fixes.Feature were re-added to the game, yes re-added as they were present in the original and not this version.The developers were trying their best, and they were communicating with the players.  I wanted to give them the chance to produce a good game.I fired the game up again today to get back in to it, I left it to patch for a while and then clicked play.Now the game is so bad it doesn't even start any more and just sits on the menu screen without the option to begin playing, just the option to go in to the options menu.I really wanted to like this game, I loved the original, but this has just been a let down from the start."
,Recommended,302270,11389221,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Coded,"Being a big fan of the 1st game along with a really good sale of this one i decided to get it, and dont regret it.i'm not going to go through a whole list of positive things about the game as their are so many, though i'm going to have a little moan about things they got right in the first game and so wrong in this 1.Private Taverns: i dont want to be lumbered with no escape from a bunch of other players spam attacking dummys and skills in the tavern, me and my mate play mainly at night till early hours in the morning due to being busy during the day, and to have a private tavern to talk about the items picked up and the next fight and tactics and stuff was perfect, now we're dumped in a zoo of 20-30 other people going mental.User Inteface: The UI in this game feels rushed, trading is useless unless you wish to spend an hour looking for the item you said your mate could have when you picked it up, as the icons are so small in the trade box and you cant tell the difference between a staff and a sword.An added filter for class would be great, their are a few filter choices to help you look for specific items in your inventory, but their is no filter that allows you to look for specific class items, if you have a few characters that you would like to progessively level and gear up, this would be a huge bonus.Their are a few other issues with the UI but you get the idea.Loading times: The loading times are starting to annoy me a little. Because i'm so used to the game loading instantly in DD once a level is picked and now this whole countdown waiting for player stuff has been implemented it needs to be tweaked slightly. Add a check box that allows players that are ready to tick, and if all players have loaded and ticked, they can begin instead of waiting for the whole countdown, me and my mate have monstrous gaming pc's, 95% of the loading time is us waiting about.Trading: i know the game has its reasons for having our own client side loot, and it is great i enjoy not fighting over loot anymore, but it would be nice if i could just right click an item in my inventory and click drop and it becomes server side, when playing with more than 2 friends its time consuming clicking trade on each person when if a ""drop"" feature was implemented everyone in the game could mouse over the items i dropped to see if they are better and take them, if not ill scoop them all back up, i miss that.These are just a few of the problems in this game in comparison to the first, it bugs me when developers seem to lose a lot of good aspects to a game that were in previous versions, this should be every good thing from the last and much more, which in most cases it is, just these little things let it down.I'm a massive DD fanboy and i do love this game, i could spend all day pointing out the amazing points of the game which is why i chose to just dig at the negatives a little hoping it would get some feedback out there and hopefully eventually sorted.highly recommended game guys, if you loved the first you will love this one more!"
,Recommended,302270,11404934,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,AquasplashQueen,"the game is good in general, even if hardcore mode got boosted and is way too hard."
,Recommended,302270,11408479,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SeventhGrave,"I will be making comparisons to the original Dungeon Defenders, so I apologize to those who have not played it as this review will be difficult to understand. Do note that this review is solely based on how the game is in its current state (as of July 25, 2014). There will be changes made as the developers iron out the bugs.This is essentially Dungeon Defenders 1.5, so if you enjoyed the original, you will enjoy this even more (assuming you can get over the fact that you have to start over). However there will be certain exceptions. Although there have been some MAJOR improvements when it comes to the loot, leveling, stats and gameplay in general, it comes at a cost. This game REQUIRES you to be online, at all times. Not only this, but you must also have a decent connection in order to be able to play without monsters lag-warping all over the place. While this issue does not really affect the tower-defending portion of the game, it will hinder some players from being able to properly fight mobs up close. This game also contains its fair share of bugs, and requires you to sign up for a Playverse account (relatively painless however).While many people will say that it contains every DLC from the past game, there are a few noteable exceptions. In the game, the maps are divided between Campaign, Lost Shards Campaign, the new Campaign (only one map in it so far), bonus maps (Glitterhelm, Palantir and such), challenge maps (Raining Goblins, etc.) and another grayed-out tab that has crossed swords as an image. I found that most of the combat-oriented maps are missing, the Presidential PvP map, the two-team tower defense, the Assault maps and other similar maps. However I speculate that the grayed-out tab has something to do with that.While most of this that I mentioned in my review here is already mentioned on the store page, I feel that it helps to repeat these as they are important factors when it comes to deciding whether or not you wish to purchase the game.I enjoyed this new remake of the old Dungeon Defenders, however I was one of the lucky who were able to get the game to work from the start, and have no issues with connectivity so far. I've also been lucky enough not to suffer from the hardcore glitch (they have disabled hardcore mode until they fix it) which causes you to suffer the consequences of hardcore even if you haven't died. I know not everyone will be so lucky, so you could take this as a warning."
,Recommended,302270,12380842,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,xxSeeMyEvilxx,cant seem to find out y it wont work. men i know this was gonana hepped this game and Terraria wont work :c sigh. wish steam word fix this some how i cant.
76561197994341690,Not Recommended,302270,12724155,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,cynicalhermit,"Bought it, spent over 3 hours trying to get it to work. It's frustrating that you can't return a game that is so clearly broken!!!"
,Not Recommended,302270,12748616,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,hellzbaby23,as of the halloween update this game has lost all its fun at nightmare difficulty i used to love this game and now... i shouldnt even say what i really think on hear its not very nice!
,Recommended,302270,11412108,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nesqiix,"Only played the first level and messed around with items, store, forge etc. But so far I can't really see what people are complaining about too much. Will update this once I played more this weekend.>editOkay so after playing for a bit longer tonight, the only real complaint I have is that of the new tavern system. Anyone familiar with DD will have spent a lot of time in their OWN tavern, but now you have to be in a public tavern, and connection issues galore a lot of the time you can't even connect to one. This leads me with the issue of sitting at the end of a game for 10 minutes trying to leave so I can start a new one, but unable to go to my own tavern, it's really frustrating, I spend more time waiting than I do playing...Another annoyance is that you can't make your own public game. So if you want to play public, you have to play with people you don't know. Yes, you can create a private game, but what if I want to level up a DPS character and can't solo some of the larger maps (for example), and can't be bothered to use my builder? This means that you can either play with randoms, some of which are bad... not blaming them, some people might not have played DD to my extent, but I don't want to play with new people at the moment, I want to experience the ""new and improved"" end game. And sometimes it can even take 5-10 (sometimes longer) to even FIND a game for your level/difficulty/map... So the only other option is a private game.Other than that I'm enjoying my time, I think I'll wait until the connection issues are fixed and I can actually host a public game and/or tavern to remove the complaints I talked about above.If you're a veteran DD player and you have the $$$ to spare, pick it up and see what you think, it's really not as bad as some people on here have made it out to be, the connection is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the way you actually get into games is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the gameplay itself is as good as the original we all loved, maybe even better with the new pet ""active"" abilities and trinket type items.If you've not played the previous DD, I wouldn't bother spending the amount of money they ask for on this UNTIL they fix what I mentioned, after those are fixed I have no issues with this game so far._______ ONE MORE THING_______""Eternity was created to give you, our fans, an opportunity to revisit Etheria while allowing us at Trendy to test an alpha version of playverse, the server technology that will host Dungeon Defenders II. This project has already undergone rigorous testing and feedback from a group of dedicated Defenders, and we can’t wait to continue improving and refining with the help of our entire community."" - DD2 Blog - Please stop complaining about how this is the same as the original DD."
,Not Recommended,302270,12435208,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[Mugi] Mari,"Played like 10 hours....Still can't get along with the ""new features""Pros-More action (consumables)-Slightly better graphics-Weapon skins-DD+DLC in one price of like 50%/60% offConsCan't really think of anything 'cause of the 10 hours but i still won't recommend it(maybe i'll change my mind)Go play DD people!"
,Recommended,302270,11371794,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Schmootle,"This is Dungeon Defenders 1: Complete Edition.  Without hacking, with some extra content.  As such it gets my full endorsement.  As someone who came to the party late, there was no point in playing public multiplayer due to the hacking.  This game finally allows me to play the original as it was meant to be played.Despite early reviews, this is not:1) A mobile port (this is a complete misunderstanding of the cross platform service launching later)2) Full of microtransactions. The only thing you can (currently) buy are useless Emotes for $1 - all skins and dyes are earned as usual, as are all weapons, armor, etc.3) Dumbed down or DLC deficient - the gameplay is identical, and the UI is largey the same or slightly streamlined4) Lacking single player or private matches (both were added with a day 2 patch)They did add a uPlay-like launcher to the game that might annoy some, but I found it to be seamless.  They need the overlay to offer cross playform play later on, which steam cannot do.Drawbacks:- You cannot import your characters.  This is to prevent item hacks from exploiting this game also.- They added too much bloom.  Hopefully a patch will allow you to turn it off."
,Recommended,302270,11403840,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DeadAsFukRichard,Game is pretty awesome so far but every time i start the game it goes through the whole download process again even though I have the whole game downloaded. Really annoying but otherwise perfect game.
76561198054332647,Not Recommended,302270,12284694,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gyrant,"Wow, this game is terribly dissapointing!The promos all look very good, right? New features, new interface, all the DLC character packs, new levels, etc.But oh boy is that ever not what you get.There are some improvements, definately, and it is nice to have a version of the game that runs stably on Mac (original DD has lots of unresolved crash bugs on Mac). I like the new money system (gold coins instead of mana points), and new types of equipment (like talismans which give you special abilities), and I like how they've done the pets (they start in eggs now! You don't know what it will be until it hatches!), but the overall experience of the gameplay is miserable. It is very laggy and the controls are poorly responsive. Enemies attack while stunned, which makes short ranged attacks pretty much worthless. You can't play through the campaign be progresing through levels in a story-like format, you have to return to the tavern after each level. Final waves don't sell junk automatically, so if you want the points for it you have to collect it all and sell it back manually, which is a real nuisance.Dungeon Defenders (the original) is an exceptional game, and as this one is basicaly a redesign of that, it is a fairly good game as well. But I will be sticking with the original. I just wish I could have the improvements of DDEternity with the smooth controls and gameplay of classic DD."
,Recommended,302270,11451802,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,chomp a braingrain,ok buy this one if you didn't play the first and really like always-on DRMit comes with all of the DLC that the first one has but unfortunately you are constantly required to interact with other peoplei do not like people
76561198064314649,Recommended,302270,11450174,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,lazydj2rs,"Before I mention what's good or bad about the game I think the reason this game was made should be stated.The main reason this game was made is to hype up Dungeon Defenders 2 and to also test their playverse system.So with that fact lets move to the pros, cons and they idk.pros:complete player reset, some wont find to this be a pro but this allows for new players to have a better multiplayer experience.gear rework, they've managed to even out the gear progession so that becoming level 74 or higher doesn't make you a god in dungeon defenders with mythical etc.New maps, who can complain about a few more maps and bosses.visible armour, It's a small pro but its makes every character look unique which is always goodopen tavern, Now this is a con if you prefer to be on your own but if you're like me a prefer to socialise it's a big plus.loot rework, They've made it so the loot that someone sees is invisible to everyone else meaning that some of the more greedy players can no longer go around spamming e.The ability to charge, I'm an extremely slow tower squire right now so the fact that I can charge helps alot for moving around the map it also allows you to leap backwards to dodge an enemy attack helping in close range combat.You can also play at 4% allowing thos who can't wait for it to fully download to jump right in and play though you will experience slow loading times as 96% percent of the content hasn't even been downloaded.(Those of you who say It's 25% are wrong as the download to 25% is 51mb but the whole download is 1.61gb meaning It's 4%.)Cons:The enemy pathing is terrible I've noticed that enemies will not walk in the right path and will instead walk in circles at times.The loot you find isn't always for your class, many times I've found a awesome sword to only realise it's a small monk weapon.This may be a personal con but I hate the fact that the tavern keeper no longer sells weapons or armour.buffs, agian this might be a personal thing but the fact that you can buy bombs etc makes it feel like the tower strategy has been made slightly easier.For thos who have never bought Dungeon defenders have to pay 20 while I should be 15 euro out of sale(I'm from Ireland so I only have the Irish price.)If you want to play a private game they make you wait through a 33 second timer.They made the gui aimed towards phones making it akward to use. once you learn the shortcut keys it is slightly easier to useThe idk:The fact that people can't host games is both a good and bad thing as It helps players find other players who want to play the same map but it also makes it very hard to setup a party of players who can work together properly e.g my first public game was throne room but  when I join my party was me and 3 barbarians luckily I could carry the team with my towers but if I had never joined that team was doomed from the start.There is microtransactions but they are emotes and in all my time playing Dungeon Defenders I don't think I ever used an emote so I can't say they're a good or bad thing.Conclusion:This game is in a grey zone as you can't call it a cash grab from dungeon defender fans as It's 6 euro right nowbut you also can't call it a new game as even though it has new things It's still the same game at its core.If your a fan of dungeon defenders you'll probably buy it anyway but if your a new comer think it through before you buy it as I think the 20 euro price tag is too high for a game that was released 3 years ago."
,Recommended,302270,11399916,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,fetus,"Great game, don't listen to the angry butthurt reveiws. If you loved the first one you'll love this, amazing visuals more levels its just a great game."
,Recommended,302270,11385302,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sparkzmaster,"I played over 500 hours of the original and I can say that its worth the buy but with a warning that it is currently frustrating (Update now a lot less) . This is my opnion though. +More content +Feels like a fresh start +Fixed: Now can stream or pereload +Now you can have a Personal Tarven (updated!) - No Local Co-op/Single player. Luck has it I skipped the launch due to lack of money so my server connection has been good. It is however not as simplistic as the original and no tutorial that I have noticed is a bummer to new people or people who have forgotten controls. Extra edit: Forgot to mention it has now got loot comparison options so it will highlight gear that it thinks its better based on pure tower, pure dps, or mix stats (I really wanted this feature!)"
,Recommended,302270,11399286,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Adondriel,"Great game, Very fun. They have fixed almost all issues anyone else has brought up.Edit: The reviews of this game are horribly cruel to the game. 90% of the issues mentioned in the ""most helpful"" reviews have been fixed. You no longer have to stream in the textures, you just have to wait a little longer on the new launcher thing. There is singleplayer, it may be online only but seriously, you wanna play this game by yourself? that is just boring! They kept the same old GUI from the old game, which pisses me off but, i can deal with that for now. They fix all of the issues that were present in the old game, like mana was money and what not, now you actually have and get gold and use gold to upgrade items."
,Recommended,302270,11385860,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ophidiann,Dungeon Defenders without all the hacked gear?  Sign me up!
,Recommended,302270,11396864,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Eschguy,"After reading a lot of negative reviews, I wanted to check this out on my own. Since I already owned DD1, I didn't have to pay too much so it was worth the risk. The game looks great, plays well and I can see myself putting many hours into it. As they keep ironing out a few of the connection kinks (this is a new game on a new server system), I'm sure it'll get even better."
,Recommended,302270,11458579,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Lemmy Koopa,"Dungeon Defenders Eternity is a revamped version of the original Dungeon Defenders. Owners of the original Dungeon Defenders can purchase this game for a discount, giving all the more reason to purchase this game. Upon hearing of it's release, I bought it immediately, despite the criticism it had gained over the first few hours of it's launch. I can certainly say that some of the complaints were justified, but most of the main problems have been patched out of the game, along with balance tweaks and more. Micro-transactions are contained within the game, but are only tied to cosemtic taunts in game, that do nothing to benefit the player, other than look cool. Dungeon Defenders Eternity also comes with most of the DLC from the original game, including all the characters, the Lost Eternia Shards DLC, and the start of a new campaign. It also contains the ability to transfer items to the upcoming game Duneon Defenders II. This game gets a solid 8/10, and is recommended to purchase over the original Dungeon Defenders, both to DD veterans, and beginners alike."
,Recommended,302270,11437122,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ZesuBen,"Eternity is a remake/remaster of the original Dungeon Defenders. While it's got some changes (some of which I'd prefer to have remained unchanged), the core gameplay is the same. The game is rebalanced, equipment generation has been rewritten, and a lot of complaints have been addressed. Only a few maps were taken out, and new maps have replaced those ones, and there's a new campaign to be discovered. I don't like how the tavern is shared now, and I wish you could still customize character color, but other than that, complaints are few and far between. It's effectively the Game of the Year edition for Dungeon Defenders, and those who loved the first game may not even mind starting all over from scratch. Especially since the new servers and the Playverse are all Trendy. So right now, in the beginning, is most likely the worst they'll ever be.Edit:As the game is being updated, I feel I should update the review. The game continues to be a fun and exciting experience, obviously better with friends. Apart from the occasional hiccup in server activity and a few glitches here and there, everything is running smoothly, and I'm very happy with the game. It's getting better, and I still recommend it."
76561198018447915,Recommended,302270,11413312,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,CaptLasaga,though this game does have its flaws BUT it is alot of fun sence this game is new they are still working on it so whoever is wanting to buy this game but is having second thoughts about that its because this game is new
76561198028146104,Recommended,302270,11419532,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,kjempff,"A good game ? Yes. Better than the original ? No.DD-E is basically the same game with a variety of details changed, some for the better, some for the worse - And probably which is which is based on taste. My love for DD has always been its tower defense part and the long progression system, while running around and shooting stuff for hours was never my thing.Anyways, to the good and the bad based on my taste:Good:Every map and mode needs to be unlocked - I love this mechanic, it gives you a feeling of accomplisment as you unlock stuff that yesterday were too hard for you.Balanced better than the original - I can only speak for how far I am at this point.True hardcore mode - Perma death, although I wouldnt dare it till I have backup armor sets and a character to take over.Crafting - nice addition although I have seen nothing I would like to actually craft yet.No longer shared loot - no need to fear others picking up your Ultimates.Re-learning tactics, classes and everything - Just pretty fun process especially in a game that is still the best TD/Defense/FP cross genre game to date.All classes, most maps, even a few new maps - All for a fair price.Bad:No pure strategy - My favorite mode.Based too much on co-op - I do love co-op, but I the mindless shooting monsters for hours is boring, and with so many maps requiring those 3+ players doing just that to finish them.. Unfortunately this is the direction DD2 is also taking but owell its their game.Clunky UI - Or rather some stuff took me long to find out how to work, for example bulk selling, hatching and then click info and hatch again to make the pet useable.Too many consumables and combat things I will never use.Coins - Unnessesary. I preferred the mana system, one currency for all.Still way too many drops, and it still dissapear pretty fast if you don't pick it up.. One of the things I think they should have improved while at it.Having to download 1.5Gb every time you start (after a reboot) the game - This is utterly stupid, period.Details:Mobs getting stuck (for example in City in Cliffs) don't always time out and making that particular map mostly unplayable.Tower placement areas have changed, some towers require less space, but all in all good because it forced me to re-think tower placement tactics.Summoners now use DU.. I am not sure if this is good or bad but it removes the need to always have a summoner.Better anti-cheat, moot point. In DD playing trendy net I didn't experience it as beeing a problem, infact in my 800 hours played I have never seen a duped item for sale.Although the original DD is a better game, this is better prices and lets face it, with this release the original will die, so move along and embrace the future, good and bad."
,Recommended,302270,11440775,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Anon,"I always wanted to replay this game, but didn't because of hackers, super leveling, power boosting, free ultimate ++++++ items, but now I can!!Anyways a great buy even with all the problems I'm still lovin it!"
,Recommended,302270,11417859,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Al,Great game. If your a fan of the original DD you'll love this one. Lots of stuff to do and tons of new classes to play as. Really fun and a great time waster.
,Not Recommended,302270,12217383,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Teq,"get the original, or wait for the sequel.  do no buy this mobile port garbage.Linux users especially be aware, the game port is pretty much unplayable."
76561198053534766,Not Recommended,302270,12994162,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SK8 GEEK,Just bought this game because i have the first one and i relly enjoy it. BUT I CANT EVEN PLAY THIS GAME. im stuck in the main menu and it says cant load overlay playverse.  it says i can not connect to internet which i am connected to >.>   waste of 20$
76561198111779885,Not Recommended,302270,11494123,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ElectroLamp,WHY DOES IT HAVE A LAUNCHER!!?!??!?!?! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
76561198024550462,Recommended,302270,12754181,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,billnye512,"This game is a nice graphical upgrade from dungeon defenders with option to customize the appearance of your characters with different armor and such. That being said the combat feels much slower at least from a character stand-point, enemies seem to be unhindered by this atrophy. As a Barbarian this can be frustrating. Overall if you liked dungeon defenders, the eternity version is more of the same with graphical improvements."
76561198046263161,Recommended,302270,12919118,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kavu64,Excelent game that give us old GOOD memories about the old version.... You should try it!!!!
,Not Recommended,302270,11557147,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Iodine,Well after playing tons on the original Dungeon Defenders I expected the best with Eternity.Worst Decision of my life. Game was so laggy and unplayable it was terrible. Not to mention the playverse bullcrap they make you sign up for. I will never again trust a company that turns an amazing game into a crapfilled pile of junk.
,Not Recommended,302270,11556574,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Boxtacular,"0/10 do not buycash grab, awful game."
76561198050552157,Recommended,302270,11394042,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Jackod,Good :D
76561198066151913,Recommended,302270,11400445,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,sag bag,i have played the first game and i enjoyed it alot and so i think this one will be fun and i recommened
,Recommended,302270,11384133,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ChuggimusPrime,Sold all of my character skins on accident because they're in your item box now with everything else.  10/10
,Recommended,302270,11393522,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Akkim,"This is a pretty clever retooling of a game that was a blast to play almost two years ago.  It's a great mix of Tower Defense, ARPG and a 3D Shooter.  One of my favorites and I'm looking forward to DD2!"
76561198000656743,Recommended,302270,11370137,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,CCSDECK,"I will keep my original review down below, however, I have played a little more and I understand what this really is. It is a mid-way between DD1 and DD2. I still think the graphics are a little over saturated. but the gameplay is more balanced. The hot-bar is drag and drop. the new amulets are fun. showing your armor will be cool when you stop replacing it every other wave. The item UI still needs a little more polish but over is OK once you get used to it. Instanced loot is something I never knew I really needed until now. And for all those wondering what the real changes are:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=290092757that is a post with all the new stuff in comparison to the old. It's a new game, with a lot of the old still there and is worth giving two shots. I'm glad I did.OLD POST:As it is, I feel like i'm playing an old beta version of the original DD. It seems like they pushed everything so hard for the mobile version that they forgot that PC exists. I played through a few levels on a mage. First thing I noticed, the num-keys don't put down the turrets anymore, only 8 through 0 does, everything else you have to click through the menus to place. Hardcore now loses items and all levels??? I can see all the levels at level 0 but have to play though to unlock them. The UI somehow seems less polished than the original. The colors seem way off and less sharp (and a lot darker). I'll come back in a week and see how things are. until then back to DD for me."
76561198000014438,Recommended,302270,11434417,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Bionichood,"At first look it seemed like a un-needed mobile-esque update to the original HOWEVER, and there is a however, after approximately 2 hours of playing my Series-EV char 'Clanketta' I realised that I was far more interested than I had originally thought, despite the odd UI in the item box and hero inventory the game is still capturing some of the original DD flare with new additions that are a huge plus to the experience.The first thing that really caught my attention was the eggs, I love being able to fight through the horde to find, and loot a pet egg, look at its stats and try to guess what it will be. Having to incubate an egg by fighting with it equipt and waiting (im)patiently for it to be ready to hatch was a lot of fun, I have a seperate folder in my Item box for eggs and pets, I currently have a Shoddy Shroomite with 22 upgrade levels, which is great as you dont invest coin to upgrade them, but fight alongside them to get XP for them.Secondly was the addition of visable armour, nothing surprised me more than noticing I had not only the witch kings great helm on, but a tiny little crown sitting atop it, not the most ferocious looking but still novel and fun, adding dyes to armours and skins was a interesting edition as I can finally get back into the customization of my character and I actually have to work towards it.The game has enough new features to outweigh the current teething problems on the serverside with the occasional drops and inability to join games (sorted by hosting private and publicizing it). With responsive and active dev teams working on the community highlighted issues (such as the odd UI) I feel that given time DDE will be the true 'definitive' version we were promised.Many negative reviews are given from the perspective of those who like DD and refuse to accept any variance from their accepted view of what is ""right"" for the series, however after logging several hours in both games I have found that most of the faults they find are all without any real impact other than the server problems which is common across nearly all new releases.In conclusion, given time, this should prove to be more of a gem than people are giving it credit for."
76561197983881505,Recommended,302270,11441905,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ItsYaBoi,Good stuff
,Not Recommended,302270,11471394,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hez,aweful game
,Recommended,302270,11437131,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Overburn,"Forgot just how much I absolutely LOVE this game.This is worth the $5.99 askign price for people that already own the original. This has ALL the DLC, plus everything is server side so no hackers. Also, you see people in your taverns now. Nothing is instanced. Armor shows up on chracters now. New levels. New classes. Freakin addictive."
,Recommended,302270,11455124,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jimpan,"this game is like dungeon defenders rebirth, it has everything that the original had except the hacking etc, with better graphics & more content to play through and you don't have to buy all the dlc's. I know that the game has very many issues right now but when they're fixed i would recommend you to buy this game if you liked the first one or if you thought of buying the first one."
76561197969724342,Recommended,302270,11442402,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,CobraAvatar,This Game is a  nice pre release to the new engen and it is a lot more baleaced it made me totally stocked to buy and play i was hesatent for people saying bad things about it with out reading up on it and i can simpley say if you want to read about this game go to the DD web site i own the first DD and all the DLC but i would even pay full price for this game!
,Recommended,302270,11433858,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,K1ll3rM,This game is awesome and realy worth the €6 if you already have the previous game and otherwise €15 isnt much for a game like this. there are far too many people who say its a bad game and thats not true this game is basically a dlc to the previous game if you already had it with alot of new cool stuff and probably more to come!
,Recommended,302270,11440129,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,alrecenk,"If you liked the original Dungeon Defenders and are now asking yourself ""is there enough here to justify buying it again?"". The answer is probably yes. It's basically the same game, but you get all the DLC up front, it's more balanced (summoner uses DU) , more items and item slots (accessories let you cast spells from other classes, stat and loot boost consumables as well), better multiplayer (loot is now per player like other modern games, tarvern is now a public lobby). They claim it's the definitive edition of the original, and while I haven't seen Nightmare difficulty yet I tend to agree."
,Recommended,302270,11461585,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,IgGrandeur,ITS AWESUM
,Recommended,302270,11439546,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,MrEvilDr,"Not sure why this is getting such bad reviews. This is everything Dungeon Defenders 1 was, and more! Player instanced loot and chests are an amazing addition, saving the grief from ninja looters in public games. Plus, currency is Gold instead of Mana, meaning you can spam your Mana in-game without having to worry about the cost. Blueprints are available as drops for crafting which is aother great feature. The micro-transactions in-game are strictly for cosmetic items, but that's to be expected in this day of Microtransactions. A lot of complaints were also targetted at the fact that you apparently can't create Private games, which isn't true. It may be a recent addition, but since I bought the game there is an option to create a private game just for you and your friends - You're not forced to play with random players. For £4.50 for Dungeon Defenders 1 owners, it's well worth it. It's just a fresh take on the game with some great additions, balance and bug fixes.The negatives are the fact that the game features it's own Always-Online DRM, meaning you're relying on their servers for a good connection - I'm used to this having played Diablo III for a long time. Plus, the UI is a clunky and could do with some work here and there, but it's nothing game-breaking.Don't let all of the overracting negative reviews put you off, I'm sure glad I didn't. The game has been out for 5 days, there are still some fixes they have to make and they're working fast. I have faith!This game will definitely whet my appetite until Dungeon Defenders 2 comes out, and I'm pretty sure they have a few more features still to come!"
76561198016565158,Recommended,302270,11462514,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,vamoosen,You know what would be great?....A game that worked
76561198045461833,Recommended,302270,11463402,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,I'm Sorry Ms Jaksun,"If you love tower defence games, this is 110% for you."
,Recommended,302270,11378895,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Admiral Beslan,"I was skeptical of this at first, with 600 hours in DD1, hating the RNG/end-game MASSIVE grind. but so far I'm super pleased with this.Pros:- All DLC is included (Although holiday dlc maps seem to not be in it), which means all that we no longer get the classic ""Oh damn, I haven't bought that map/character""- New equipment slots like a shield slot for everyone, two weapon slots allowing a backup elemented weapon (Like Series EV/Jester in Vanilla)4 new maps (And probably more coming)- So far the item RNG seems to be better (Can't tell because I haven't reached end-game yet)- Equipment actually shows on your character (I think you can turn this option off)- Mana is no longer the out of combat currency, enemies (and chests, and sold loot) now gives Gold Coins!- New slots for Consumables and Amulets that give you up to 4 new skills to use in battle, ranging from a simple health potion(Consumed on use!) to an amulet that lets you summon a thunder storm (With a cooldown of 60s)- Each pet now comes with it's own activated ability. i.e. Engineer lets you do a blast repair in an area, or the Heavy lets you buff you and surrounding allies' Hero damage for a period of time!- Summoner's Minions now use Defense Unit(DU) instead of having their own Unit pool. I think this is a plus because I felt we were being forced to use Minions as they effectively doubled (Or even triple since you don't need to use up half their points as walls) your defense strength / amount of placeable towers for damage.- All loot is instanced! No more loot ninjas! All Chests are instanced to you (and whatever come sout of them), I think dropped mana from enemies is NOT instanced though! So be fair for that, but all other loot, go nuts!- New Dash feature that lets you do some quick jumps ala UT/Quake style! (Although you have a stamina bar and right now you can only do it via the ctrl key, so no double tapping a direction for now)Cons:- It costs extra (But overall it's cheaper for new players, and 70% off for owners of DD1 now, which I feel is fair as the dev's have obviously put in a bunch of effort.- Always online (I think this is ALSO a plus, stops hackers, allows you to play while the big/highrez textures stream in (First time only, so expect some blurry textures at first but trust me they do get better)- In-App Purchases (But these are purely costmetic, right now they're just $1 emotes)- Public Tavern (Which is actually really good for some people but for me it causes big lag)- Slow internet means you will get lag, no matter your settings in game, but I think it's bareable. (Like mine, damn having bad internet in Australia)- Having to start from scratch even though you might have already spent hundreds of hours in DD1- Splitscreen/Local Co-Op has been removed. (I'm hoping for it to return though, as this is a huge con for me)- Survival Mode is forced ""Continuous"" which means (at the moment) No switching characters, and no chance to either stop, go pee/sammich/greet loved ones or, for the slow ones out there like me, loot/upgrade/repair without worrying of a DEW stabbing you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥- Textures start off super low res (But this is so you can get in the game faster) and download overtime as you play (As do maps), this can cause extra lag and make the game look very bad graphically, but just give it time and those sweet sweet graphics we've come to know and love will come rushing in! (It's a first time thing for everything, but after that first time everything will already be downloaded and therefore not a blurry low-res mess.All in all, I'm glad I bought it and will continue to play (hoping end-game RNG is fixed so we don't get max level gear with -50 stats)EDIT: I will be updating this as I experience new/more parts of the game!"
,Not Recommended,302270,13614944,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Grillmeister.,"I'm not playing this, ugh.The original is much better."
76561197996948042,Recommended,302270,12793365,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Voldebutt,"The extra modes and maps more than justify the price, even if you already own the previous dungeon defenders title, as someone who personally commented and aided in one of the first official reviews of the first game, i can say without a doubt that this game is one of the best indie games on sale today in the tower defence genre.Even when youve beaten the game in all its modes and difficulties, there is nothing to stop you from doing so with the other classes you can choose, if you are a completionist, or strives for the most awesome loot for a particular character, and being able to do it with friends, comparitively with games such as torchlight, diablo, titan quest, but put it into the form of a third person tower defence game, then this game will scratch that itch for you, with its charm, light humour, and mindless destruction of all the foes you may face!"
76561198090626270,Recommended,302270,11750333,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Samot Yellowson,"The people who downvote this game are not looking at a game they are looking at a cover of a book, most only put 1-2 hours into this game and looked at what they thought was a mobile port, it is so much more. The game is ready to play at 25% downloded to get you into the game and downlodes during your play session. i may not be much better in the hours played part but i know that Trendy will push out and form an awesome game, new content and systems, sure some things need to be polished, badly, but this game will do nothing but improve. hopfuly adding more content and items into the game as we go along. and thoughs who did not recommend this game, please replay it with an open mind and look for the good things, but dont forget the things that do need fixing."
76561198009772573,Recommended,302270,11763122,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"Basicly DD with all the DLC, and they switched to Playverse. Fairly hard to try and find out how to invite your friends to play with you. Bought this for acouple friends, and there didnt seem to be any type of tutorial for them. I like it the game, but i think id reccomend people to buy the original."
,Recommended,302270,11763521,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Skeebies virus,That game that ticks all the right boxes. and has a great dev team as a bonus!
,Not Recommended,302270,13734420,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,King Anger IX,"Eternity is bugware, and the launcher blows otherworldly соск"
,Recommended,302270,12716724,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mr. Leftward-Sloping Penis,10/10 would review again
,Recommended,302270,13569405,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Killgor,"This is a great game for those people that like BTD5, but if you want to bring it to the next level. And remember you should probobley get the game if your friends. So what are you waiting for get it now!"
,Not Recommended,302270,13061505,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[A.] KSib,Save your money especially if you already have Dungeon Defenders 1. You're not missing out on anything. Just wait for Dungeon Defenders 2 if you really want to try a game like this. Definitely not worth $20.
,Not Recommended,302270,13095354,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,I'mSean,"For some reason my HUD kept dissapearing on me.Random people kept getting into my games with no obvious way to kick them, or remove them from my party.Game had response issues with a high delay between moving my mouse and the actual movement taking place.New character info and stats were physically painful to try and understand. I really tried.I should have listened to the reviews, there is not a single game, BESIDES THIS ONE that I want to refund."
,Not Recommended,302270,19449080,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Safety Dolan  ツ | Trading,SAme
,Not Recommended,302270,12004021,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,SimenGAME,I hope someone can answer this for me.Why is the game getting worse for each patch and content?They don't fix the major problems in this game but adding new maps to fix bugs on them. ._.
,Not Recommended,302270,13288912,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lord Fuzzle,"This is broken non of that wishy washy broken content i mean you can't even get the exe to come up on screen DON""T BUY THIS THIS IS A SCAM (please take the money the scamed out of people by sueing them this is ♥♥♥♥ing fraud)"
,Not Recommended,302270,13272763,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,グレシャム,this game is complete♥♥♥♥♥0/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,302270,13274362,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,indybro,"This game is HORRIBLE, they should give us Dungeon Defenders II for free, we all thought this game was going to be awesome but no it ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS"
,Recommended,302270,11383261,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Rusty Internet Retiree,"There are issues with the game, but the development team appears to be working to fix it."
,Recommended,302270,14630964,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","The definitive Dungeon Defenders experience, Has everything the original does and more, as well as more mechanically."
76561198045887318,Recommended,302270,11566107,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nordimdel,Really fun game! Much harder than the first game in my opinion.
,Recommended,302270,11568285,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,NoahMakesPancakes,CHILL GUYS ITS ONLY BEEN OUT FOR LIKE 2 WEEKS
,Recommended,302270,11578027,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Петька OLEGator,cool game
76561198023817164,Recommended,302270,11581649,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Mitch,"I own original dungeon defendersDD1:Had an enormous amount of content.However content became balanced around the huge amount of cheaters that then destoryed the balanced economy of items.Thus making the game balanced around obsurdity. Maps and gameplay very unrefined.Offline mode to prevent playing with cheaters. But game balanced around the OP stats everyone had online. That is what I meant by obsurdity.DD1E:Has limited options and maps when compared to original (very disappointing)Nearly no hackers since game files are on company owned equipment.I feel the items were earned through player efforts making the average item level economy feel more justified.Honestly this is the more refined version of dungeon defenders.****This is where we should of started so people wouldn't have ranted.****I honestly miss a lot of the content but if they release it later. No problem.However the lack of cheaters in this game is to much of a pro to pass up*Since steam's game value system only is a thumbs up or a thumbs down. Rather then a numeric value system. I will have to lean towards thumbs up. That's because of conversion rounding. LOL, why isn't there a meh horizontal hand."
,Recommended,302270,11591851,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Warm glass of nut,"I've played Dungeon Defenders before, and although it's a fun game, once you get past The Summit, it's no longer fun. Sure, you can buy the DLC and it gets fun for a week, but no one wants to spend $15 for a map and challenges and then $10 for some new heroes. This version, though, is great. It's only $15 for all the DLC and characters, and it comes with a ton of new maps and weapons. The crafting system is great, since most of the armor and weapons you create are very good, and the dyeing and costumes are a great addition. In the first game, I found it wierd that the equipped armor doesn't show up on your character, but they finally included that. Over it's a great game.(9/10 Stars)"
,Recommended,302270,11379162,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JoeGKush,"I like how they are giving us new content, however the whole multiplayer all the time thing is kinda of a let down."
76561198041866619,Recommended,302270,11378766,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Darkstar,Although there still needs to be some updates overall I like that they revamped this game. Also for only $6 to get to start over and new stuff I mean hey why not?!?!
76561198076609850,Recommended,302270,11367715,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,♥Stárlight♥,its good just needs to be updated alot also the pay real cash thing needs to go too luckly its only for emotes if they add in new heros then yes i would pay but so far it just needs to be updated right now have fun peoples *giggles* :)
,Recommended,302270,11367855,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Hobson,This release isn't without its problems but once you do get online and all setup it's more or less the great dungeon defenders experience you are used to with some new content.For Nvidia Shiled users I've also purchased that version and it works fairly well there too.  Some stiffness probably due to server problems with controls and some limitations to not having all the action buttons you'd want but my character can seemlessly be logged on from both locations and cross-platform play works well.Here is to hoping for some new nice features to come including better server management.
76561197992014748,Recommended,302270,11373399,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lokbarith,"Hello, After seeing all of the reviews I wanted to write up my own little intake on the game thus far!To clarify. Micro transactions are to purchase EMOTES, not entire skins (thus far). When i launched the game i had all previous skins from the last game and some extras i had never purchased. alongside that all classes are able to be played with no additional purchase.There is 4 -5 new maps in the game currently, in addition to all the previous maps from the last game. On the website it states ""And more to come"" meaning there will be new maps made for this game in addition to what is avalible.The new UI is not terrible in my opinion, it takes time to adjust to and find out how it works, however once you figure out how it works it is fine. There is more armor slots in this game, with loot being purely for you. For example, the loot sysytem is similar to diablo where it only drops for you, only you can pick it up. this also applies to the chests before a map begins!To begin with the private server / SP option was disabled, but as the news update mentions, it has been re enabled and shall remain enabled. Trendy wanted to lower costs due to the fact the servers are hosted elsewhere to prevent hacking / cheating. However they realise this is a big mistake and have thusly rectified it.The gameplay is smooth, connection is also quite smooth. Here is a key bit of information - The game is mostly streamed, however I do not believe it streams the map EVERY TIME you want to play it. I believe it streams it the first time you load it and then you keep the file downloaded - This is most likely done to prevent an overload of downloads occuring and thus stressing the servers. It really isn't a hugely bad feature, it staggers people but not in a way that harms them playing the game or having access to it.All in all, yes DD2 may be close, however this is essential DD1, With all the old classes and skins, New maps, A better loot system, Visible armors (my personal favorite as i love to customise), New pets with abilities, Dyes to change the look of items,  New abilities that can be picked up and used in game (that scale off of two new stats, Hero Defensive Abillity and Heroes Offensive abillity)I would reccomend this game simply for the fact the new systems are interesting, it has been rebalanced to allow all classes to be viable for either DPS or for tower building, its not hugely expensive for what it is and micro transactions relaly has no influence on this game what so ever!"
76561198029022876,Recommended,302270,11379881,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Smegumin,"I played the old dungeon defenders a lot, and this version seems to have fixed all the problems i had with the old game. Really recommend it!"
76561198066303261,Recommended,302270,11369697,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,A4 | Airhead,Thought it was D n D 2 .. it's not .. 15 bucks well spent.
76561198015319609,Recommended,302270,11374342,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Infyra,"After seeing all the negative reviews here I had to add this:Yes, there is a cash shop that sells emotes (just emotes), yes there is a strange third party overlay thing going on.But....You get a awesome huge amount of content for the price you pay, this is not a mobile version of dungeon defenders as some have said. This is the PC version redone with new features such as crafting and including allmost ALL of the DLC plus some new missions.I cannot highly recommend this game to people who already have Dungeon Defenders with all the DLC, but for everyone else this provides great value."
76561198038890226,Recommended,302270,11364303,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Andysav,WOW I bought this as soon as i saw it on steam new missions great.What a disappointment no single player so as i only play single player or with friends i now feel cheated.I have read all about defenders 2 and dont like the model now here i am having been fooled into buying it.Ok they have sorted single player so im enjoying game again.thx for listening Dev team.
76561198009029809,Recommended,302270,11380852,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,kinneyfolks,Dont listen to other reviews the only thing u have to pay extra for is the costums if u didnt already have them and single player has been added if u played the other one then u will enjoy this one to cool new features and still the same game i loved. Have no problems with it 9/10.
,Recommended,302270,11377869,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Colin - Amish Cyberbully,"Pros:It's Dungeon Defenders, with all DLC's.  There are a few costumes available to buy for like $1 but they don't affect gameplay.That's a lot of DLCYou're in and playing FAST, it streams the bare minimum to play and then fills in higher res textures and models as you are playing.Some of the balances to classes make senseEveryone gets their own loot drops, so some greedy gus doesn't run around grabbing everythingChanges to gear and currency make much more sense than mana being used for everything to in the originalPromise that the end-game is now more balanced and interestingYou can enjoy leveling up with your friends all at the same point, starting at level 0Cons:Learning the UI for playing a match with friends is as friendly as a hibernating bear you just kicked awake (Seriously, zoom out  to free your mouse cursor, then click this ball of yarn thingie in the corner to get to another other menu seperate from the esc menu where you fumble through icons and strange groupings to create a party and then add your friends to that party by their account names?  Dafuq?)UI again when trying to sort through your loot for what to keep, what to wear and what to sellYou're playing with the bare minimums resolutions and models to start with, maybe there can be an option to download everything first?  You know, like the entire DD game did?Tower points continue to be shared by everyone, with no way to limit everyone their fair share other than play only with your friends and agree to not be douchesSome of the balances are quite irritating.  (why even play a summoner now, if their summons are counting against the tower point cap?  They are sub-par units compared to every other class.)Starting over from level 0 with all your nifty stuff gone.Recommended if you're patient enough to deal with an awfully clumsy UI and do not own more than half the Dungeon Defenders DLC already.  I definitely understand where people saying ""don't buy, terrible UI"" are coming from."
,Not Recommended,302270,11368538,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Engoni,This feels like an ALFA build that thay dear call a superior version...
76561198075240792,Recommended,302270,11382106,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Edwin{BE},Play at this game guys/girls!
76561198047938208,Recommended,302270,11372996,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Larkinsss,"Kúpil som si ,,nové"" Dungeon Defenders. No ... Ako to pekne povedať. To sú ku... Ako nie že by to bolo zlé... to nie ... je to predsa DD ale ... ano prichádza ale. Ale pokiaľ máte už DD zakúpené oplatí sa vám to veľmi málo. Je to v podstate to isté. To isté prostredie, tie isté mapy, tie isté postavy, skiny, schopnosti, spelly. Áno priznávam je tam aj niečo nové. Väčšia variabilita takz. EQ alebo equipmentu. Vývojári pridali Shouldery Gravesy a podobné kúsky zbroje ktoré môžete získať. (potlesk) Ale podstata je tá istá. Dve nové mapy a 2-3 nový bossovia (potlesk). Nie neberte to zle ale okrem toho že z toho urobili MMO RPG na spôsob ... za boha si nespomeniem na hru. Proste úvodné hromadné lobby v podobe Taverny a náhodne pridelený parťáci v takz. ,,Dungeonov"". Keby som bol v Indianovi moje hodnotenie by bolo 75%.+Nové mapy+Rozšírené možnosti EQ+-Automatická tvorba skupiny+nekúpil som to za 20€ ale za 6 v zlave+less Hack+vraj nejaký Balance :D :D :D :D Athene by sa iba zasmial :D- Sťahovanie dát počas hrania-Veľa ľudí na nové nezaužívané servery-Veľa zbytočných bugov-Je to to isté akurát to inak zaobalili- pýtajú za to 20€ :D :D :D :D asi sa s kOňom zrazili :D"
,Recommended,302270,11373270,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Supergoron,"While the game did have a bit of a rocky launch (no single player/ private games, blurry texture problems, etc.), much of these problems have already patched out within the first day. While I'm not 100% sure I could reccomend this game to those who have countless hours on DD classic I can say that I would reccomend this to either new players or those who just want a good reason to get back into played DD.The good: pets and accessories are more common, all classes are available, re-balanced gameplay, amulets and consumable items for quick skills, DLC campaigns and mission are included, new campaign and missions, new textures and looks for characters, enemies, and items.The bad: Game doesn't download everything at once and will instead download files as you play and get to new levels, overly crowded tavern as your hub, game could better explain controls.The meh: micro-transactions for emotes (this would be in the bad if they weren't pretty usless micro-transactions)."
,Recommended,302270,11380902,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Zbear00,"For all this hate this game is getting I thought that when I bought it I made a horrible mistake but I am glad I bought this. To clear things right away this isn't a pay to win game there are microtransactions but they for emotes for costumes, costumes are not bought with real money. I bought this for 6 dollars since I already have the first one and its a bit better than the first one. The game has some bugs but its only been out for a bit and they seem to be getting fixed, Also there is single player now but no offline which is fine for me because as much as I want to believe that I would play this offline I probably would not since I usually have an internet connection and I still have the first one. For those that havent bought the game I feel that is a great deal since it comes with all the characters and dlc with the exception of a few maps but it does come up with extra maps. I haven't gotten to far into this game so I am not sure how the game was balanced but overall I am glad I bought this game and the changes are very welcome. Also another thing I really have to note is I have to thank the developers for being so involved with the community and addressing all the problems. Apparently the issue with textures and constantly downloading are fixed and local single player will be added soon so the developers are listening and trying to fix many of the issues players like myself are having."
,Not Recommended,302270,22715249,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xilo The Odd,"more of a buisness practice complaint than anything against the game itself.just let it be known the developers behind this title basically wanted to shut down wild card studios, developers behind ark, for very petty reasons. dont believe me? read up on Kotaku about Trendy Sueing Wildcard studios.as a result of such a silly legal case, i may never buy from trendy again. grow the hell up."
,Recommended,302270,11412790,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Zypher,this game is still Awesome! its a nice redux of DD1 where they have improved graphical fidelity and have made things smoother. i will admit there are some issues the repair and building of towers seems more clunky than the older game but well worth getting all the same. on release the game didnt work and needed fixing which has been done!the tavern isnt private but i believe they are hoping to add it in future. however you can play single player games set up at the eternia crystal. and also if ur looking at the tags THERE ARE NO MICROTRANSACTIONS THIS IS NOT A MOBILE GAME!
76561197999107093,Recommended,302270,11385020,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,WeezardRed,"After playing for a few hours, and being someone who's put well ovber 1000 hours into the last game, I must recommend it for new and returning defenders.Everything has been completely rebalanced! You move through all the levels with ease, I don't really feel any need to farm (Currently) as the dropped gear during the campaign so far has been enough for me. I also enjoy that you cannot skip difficulties with ease, you should probably play from normal to hard to insane in that order.The new survival mode is fantastic! It's a big improvement over the monogrinding done in the first game where you'd AFK. The new survival will keep you on your toes, and provide amazing loot!With the new amulets and spells, you can change up your character and playstyle, giving you the feeling of breaking that samey-same feeling of doing map after map. And pets now have an active ability, giving you even more to do!The game didn't come without it's flaws. I don't think I need to point out the initial issue, that's a dead horse. IT would have been nice to have a list of changes, as there's been a ton of unnanounced ones, such as changes to the monk auras. The UI was very confusing and intimidating initially as well.A lot of people complain that it should be free. I do agree, it should have been free for previous owners, but at the same time I support Trendy, and don't mind paying a miniscule fee for this amazing game. I do expect there to be further discounts for owning both previous games when I buy DD2. Seriously, there's no choice there, there must be a discount, because I'm not made of money!"
,Recommended,302270,11386431,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Denther,"All the initial backlash to this game was blown way out of proportion.The online DRM is there but it actually works incredibly well. The UI seems kind of pasted on to the game but I've been matchmaking with 1-3 other friends and parties work fine and I've had no connection issues with about 5 hours of playing. The login is painless, doesn't require an email confirmation or really much of anything to get it to work. Steam remembers the information and you don't have to input it everytime you want to play. I saw a comparison of it to GFWL and almost laughed. It works great and even has Twitch integration (which I'll never use, but it's there).Singleplayer is present and works fine. This was not the case at launch but was fixed the day of release, mainly due to people being upset about its absence.As far as complaints of it being a ported mobile game I don't see this at all. I admittedly haven't played the original DD in about 2 years but the graphics fidelity is perfectly fine and doesn't seem any worse or better than before. I haven't done a side by side comparison, but it looks really good.My biggest complaint is the convultued inventory and character screens. Their messy and confusing and use icons for stats rather than just saying what it does. Locking and unlocking items is bizarre and crafting seems promising but I don't really understand it too well yet. Once a wiki comes out I'm sure it'll be easier to get it all down.As for the gameplay itself, it's a tweaked and polished DD. It's fun, it's intense, it's colorful, and it just works. I don't know what DLC is or isn't included, but I didn't own much in the original and there's definitely plenty of content for 6 bucks (what I paid) or the 15 or 20 it's going to be for new players. Definitely worth it.Get it."
,Recommended,302270,11379259,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Hollow,This is pretty good.EDIT: after patch changed review
76561198045738415,Not Recommended,302270,11394146,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,dmon_ghost,Same as the first game but slower.
,Not Recommended,302270,12451141,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kill me please,Can't believe i bought this game was looking for a nice improvement to the original dungeon defenders but i can't even play it game was fine after first installing it but now it crashes upon launch and no its not because of antivirus and firewall and yes ive tried re installing multiple times and revalidating files over and over again but still it never launches waste of money do not buy
,Not Recommended,302270,12532548,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,WhoaItsRich,The Developers need to fix the lag issues. You can't even play on harder difficulties due to the amount of lag.
76561198044649526,Recommended,302270,11382036,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[VN] Jim Raynor,great game its still a w.i.p but its still good as it is they have some bugs to fix and they need to figureout a way to make games private without entering a public game but still its a great game and i would highly recommend it to anyone i know
76561198010270345,Recommended,302270,11369855,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,flamesbob,This new game is awesome! it is still the dungeon defenders you know from before but with more content. sure you have to start all over but all the dlcs are in here for free. the only thing you have an option for paying extra for is new skins so there is that...
76561197973753739,Recommended,302270,11427473,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Haze62,"Fun to play, sometimes server has connection issues and just need to restart"
76561198071156829,Recommended,302270,11449711,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,HILLBULLY,Dungeon Deffenders is my life. No matter how hard I try it brings me back in. This game completes me. I just got my DD Tattoo yesterday and and cant wait to show it off to my DD friends/community. I know it makes me look even cooler.
76561198074572715,Recommended,302270,12604828,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,MetalGeno,"It's a great game, super fun to play, and it is always being worked on!"
76561198089749551,Recommended,302270,11390684,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,StormRageMcRekt,Great game love DD? i think of it as DD super hd with a new UI i love it so far! ita bit laggy thou other then that its great!
76561198037211832,Recommended,302270,12654504,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Verity,"Well designed fun little game. I never played the original and just jumped into this one, fun on your own, even better with friends."
,Recommended,302270,11386489,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Vashton,"Loving the new additions to this game. I would basically thing of it as a clean slate upgrade DLC. I don't get the characters I worked hard on previously. But to be honest there was little place for those guys to go, I just hope that the end game for this is indeed more balanced not just for the characters but for acquiring more gear. It did seem that after getting to a point on the older version, upgrading gear was very difficult. Hoping there is not only more direction in this end game but an easier curve in it. The look of the game is improved and the new stuff included make this game feel more fresh !! Smooth Nice graphics and no need to worry about hackers uploading their own gear like previously. Also with the new tavern feature it makes the game seem very interactive."
,Recommended,302270,11368264,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TiA [HUN],"I changed my decision after I played some hours with version 2.1. Now, I recommend this game, but, I have some probIem:I have a dream... I want a game, what I can start with a loader, what I can start with a loader, what I can start with a loader, ... Have I told you I, want a game with lots of loader? NOOOO!I use Steam, because I want store all of my games in Steam, all achievements in Steam, all profile info in Steam, I want trade items on Steam, ... I don't hateplayverse.com(and I think, this was a required step for real multi platform gaming), but I want to make sync between PlayVerse's achievements and Steam's achievements, Inventories, ... because there are the Community, not at PlayVerse!!!The cause of moving to PlayVerse (one of all) was the fighting with hackers. Why did not use VAC? (http://steamcommunity.com/actions/WhatIsVAC) This tec was verified sometimes!Multi-platform? I have bought this game once on quiet high price for all supported platform, and I can download the loader for all platform instead of Android. Why?! This is not a PlayVerse based game? This is not required this loader? Why have to buy again this when I can play from a browser?"
,Recommended,302270,33202634,Posted: 3 July,all,Santeri [Sponsor: Suntory],I prefer the first edition of the game
76561198078509975,Recommended,302270,11452162,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Krabby2K,"This game is totally different from the dungeon defenders.A lot of you thought that this game is like the first,but with slightlychanges,but you were wrong.This game is awesome!Buy it,worth it playing with your friends!PS: If you have Dungeon Defenders bought,buy this one too.You'll unlock every class,every map and some cool skins.Happy Defending!"
76561198226377940,Recommended,302270,32708212,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ THOT DESTROYER,Highly underated I wish there was a bigger fan and player base. One of my favorite games for years
76561198027115439,Recommended,302270,11452405,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,{TG} Steveo,Little Bit Difs Super Funs tho
76561198055128575,Recommended,302270,11416820,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Splatter,"Firstly I have ~1800 hours in DD1; mostly game time and not afk shop...So a few days have gone by and my initial hate/distaste for DDE has passed, whilst this game is far from polished* it has rekindled the fun I used to have with DD1, something in the past that I'd remarked I'd give a kidney to feel again!!!*The UI in the item box and the way  item stats are displayed is terrible, but TE are going to address this.*The new public tavern creates problems, namely the lag every time someon joins or leaves - we need private taverns, or the lag to be fixed.*There are various other problems, but I'm sure they will be addressed and if my £5 pounds help TE going to get DD2 ready for release then I'm ok with that.The whole micro transactions has been blown out of proportion, you can pick the dyes as drops (though I'm yet to see where they end up in item box) and they haven't included buy 50k coins for £50 etc so +1 for them."
,Recommended,302270,11436105,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Wosic,"So many bad reviews about this game.. ( They haven't even played it in 2 hours )But a simple and good explanation of the game:It's an good improvement of the old game.Only bad thing that have occurred to me is that some times it won't find taverns ( only happened to me twice )But they update it all the time now so the bugs are hopefully soon gone.BUT it is some things from the first game that you will miss:1. Private Tavern ( You can't be alone in a tavern you are just placed with 15 people or something )2. No splitscreen / LAN opportunities3. Cannot be offline at all4. They now use their own program and launcher called Playverse.So when you are gonna invite someone you must do it via that program and not Steam.Some of these thing may change as it has updates regulary.The game features maps and new items, and it isn't hackers like in the old game.And you also get all the Hero's for free.( In the old game you had 4 Hero's and had to pay real money for the rest )So if you liked the first Dungeon Defenders game you will probaly like this one too."
,Recommended,302270,11451857,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Nova,Pointless waste of $5. If you have the original just play that. This is just an mmo version of the game with some new features...
76561198002804625,Recommended,302270,11442418,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,BufoHakTix24,"Lot's of fun. 1 MAJOR request. With all the filtering options, why is there no filter for only showing all ""Green Thumbs Up"" items?!?!?!?"
,Recommended,302270,11430136,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pizza Hut Fries,"If you have played the original Dungeon Defenders then this essentially  ""Dungeon Defenders: MMO Edition"".The problem the first game had was that you needed friends or you would have a hard time getting in a multiplayer game. This puts you in the lobby with others who you can join games with. You can also queue up to maps so this is much easier to play online with."
,Recommended,302270,11432017,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,WaShEDBuRnEd14,"Just as addicting as the ""first"" it takes time to get used to all the new things. But overall it's very cool what they built with this new version."
76561198025944547,Recommended,302270,11434461,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,nopon,Great game can't wait for 2
76561197964539941,Recommended,302270,11413033,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,RabidWarHound,It's good!
76561198041965067,Recommended,302270,11426732,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TeamArmenia,"There has been a lot of negative reviews for this game, mostly by people who are uninformed and have played for .5 hours. Expectations have been met for me, they have combatted the hacking issue from DD1 which was my biggest reason why I stopped playing DD1. I orginally played DD on Ps3 2012, then I transitioned to the PC version with my friend and now with Eternia I am happy with how far this game has come. I actually like the Playverse system and how the game is online based. Hacking/Modding gear/weapons in DD1 really killed the game for me and most others.They have added some cool new features that we didn't see in DD1 (see above in game description). Granted there are some bugs and server issues, but what game has had a 100% launch without issues? There may be a handful of them but its annoying how people throw this game under the bus when they fail to realize that the Devs have worked diligently and have fixed issues VERY quickly since launch.I have high hopes for this game and for anyone concidering to buy it, you should. For the cost of a slice of pizza how could you go wrong? If you enjoyd DD1, DD:E is a lot of fun so far and it has great potential.To all those who are throwing out their negative opinions and rants, I can understand some of your frustrations but get over it and move on to the next game on your steam list.Cheers~J"
,Recommended,302270,11429813,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,GoD • Matz,It's better than the first one... deal with it.10/10 - Cat-a-Copter is LOVE
,Recommended,302270,11381544,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sharu,just give the game a chance im enjoying it and its better not beingable to get to lvl 70 in like 1h now we work i like it so far
,Not Recommended,302270,12275973,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,alkazar,"If you are a Linux user, don't buy this, it doesn't even start."
,Recommended,302270,11676060,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,BallparkAndreas,This is a recommended game but it's missing alot to be even greater.
,Recommended,302270,14134320,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chrasilis,"Ah, Dungeon Defenders Eternity! We have a love hate relationship. I love the game, but I hate how addicted I become during my hardcore sessions!This is a tower defense and RPG hybrid that could almost be called a reverse MOBA.There are many lanes, crazy map layouts and plenty of heroes to choose from, but the goal is the same no matter what: Protect the crystals. If a single one is destroyed, it's game over.The general idea is to build tower defenses like any other tower defense game and defend the crystals, but the formula has never been done like this outside of Trendy's Dungeon Defenders series.The entire game is played from a third person perspective, and during combat, you can run around and fight enemies much like a hack and slash RPG, all while gaining experience points to level up, find awesome loot and become one of the few elite heroes that can destroy anything without any trouble.If you like tower defense games and you want to try a new spin on the genre with many new layers, give this game a shot! You likely wont regret it!"
76561198083690438,Recommended,302270,11426855,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Twisted Carnage,"No private taverns for private party play, this ruins the game because people sell your summons when you try to test DPS in Tavern. I agree with most players. This was a sad release to just bring in the funds. The game overall is D possible a C, but the issues with the game play and some key features being left out makes the game a failure. I know that with futur updates it will be a better game, but I would just stick to the first Dungeons Defenders for now."
,Recommended,302270,11427471,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Gourry_Inverse,"This is, as they say, the definitive version of the game; The best selections from the original game's DLC, all of the heroes and the DLC heroes, tweaks that make the interface make a bit more sense, crafting, anti-cheat measures... This is multiplayer strategic FPS PvE Co-op at its finest.  Mann Vs. Machine, eat your heart out!"
,Recommended,302270,11428750,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,pRogz,"Even better now it is harder to cheat in the game. Now that is ALWAYS online, items actually matter. I think the cross platform play is awesome, maybe the PS4 will be next? I totally support the idea of this one. People that are complaining about not having a offline mode when they can just play the older game is just crazy."
76561198011973673,Recommended,302270,11424384,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Xelesta,"I have mixed feeling about DDE. For $5.99 you are getting a good deal if you still like the game.First of all the game has QOL changes like you can move around when in top view tower build mode; you can switch from upgrade tower to repair without leaving the top view mode; and separate mana chest for every character so u don't have to worry about trolls looting all your mana and quit the game; barbarian can now share his mana from mana chest to teammates now, he is less useless in building phase; tool tips in hero abilities to show what they actually does instead of blind guessing, etc.  These are some examples of the good changes.The bad changes are nerfing buff beam... now a maxed tier buff beam only provide a minger 6% damage boost( lv 27 tower EV) and no longer provide tower speed boost;  Spike trap now does electric damage; start up summoner can't even solo deeper wall normal.  repairing towers take forever and tons of mana, espectially on deeper wall.. Just feels like the game is a patch of DD1 that tries to fix some of the problems, but still ignoring the core weakness of most useless tower. Example being Slice N Dice, still being restricted range and damage interval, which just translate to useless endgame.  Also survival mode is extremely pointless as you have to survive a single 1 hr wave.. Hard Core mode is now Diablo Hard core mode, you die and will lose all equipped items and character, which basically creates disincentive for most players.  The most annoying thing is the 31 sec waiting period before you starts the game, it is a good thing to give time other players to stream the contents, but after everyone is done, the game should just starts.. this new 31 sec waiting time is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.BUT, if you own DD1, and with the special deal they have $5.99 is a pretty good deal because you basically get all the dlc except the holiday ones.  If you have to pay $19.99? You will be better to just look the other way, OR wait till DDE goes to humble bundle.==========================New edit... All character can use 2 weapons now, but only the active weapon add stats to your hero, suck big time"
,Recommended,302270,11377930,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Truss,"same feel of the original but so much better in so many ways, 11/10 would play again"
76561198034555327,Not Recommended,302270,12272456,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shakur130,This game is terrible compared to the original game.The controls sucks if you're using a game pad. It's buggy as well.. this game isn't a finished product it's really a beta but it's sold as a finished product.. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,302270,12303317,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mounting Dread,"Do you have Dungeon Defenders? Don't even bother buying this.Do you NOT have Dungeon Defenders? Get that and the DLC's on sale. This ""game"", or should I say mobile port re-release of DD on PC is a joke as a new game at this price tag. And it's not even the price tag that makes this horrible, it's just about everything; online taverns, confusing UI, keybindings and all you've ever known about DD is just off and disorienting."
76561198049947057,Not Recommended,302270,13011399,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,AaronArrow,i have wasted $20 on this game.do not buy it is blury and cannot fix.i loved dd1 but this one is just rly bad.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,302270,17291773,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Cerenzio,Yay for the new release. Boo for the little kids smearing the reviews for no reason.
,Recommended,302270,11380790,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nekokeki,"You know, sometimes you just have to get past your first impression of someone without labeling them.  People got a bit overly histaric and are leading people to believe this is an awful game in a shell of its former self.  Initially I thought so, we had issues connect to games, the social UI is not a seamless part of the experience, and there was no hope of single player.  Within the same day the first and last of those issues were fixed.Really, it just take a little getting used to.  It's change and people didn't expect it, so they were aprehensive about it. The core game itself is still here and there are some neat new features.  The talk of the a cash shop is a bit overblown, the only thing you can buy is an emote for $1... but they've eliminated all of the cost for DLC in the meantime mind you.  All that aside, it's a game I paid $6 for.  Of course I recommend this, it's great fun despite a bit of clunkyness on it's new connection platform.PS Trendy.  Everygame other game that has helmets and other visuals allows it to be optional to show.  Most of the masks and helmets look out of place and ruin the art direction of the great character models.  I don't want every character to look like Scorpion from Mortal Kombat.  Pls."
,Recommended,302270,11382763,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Moski,"Bought the game, hoping that Etheria was worth having some new adventures. And so far, DDE seems to be a great Entry point, not a game that does any favors to people who have invested a lot of time in it already.Playing was an actual mess on launch day, but it's a lot better now. The interface is still a mess, specially when playing with a gamepad, and that's a huge downgrade. The game also seems to suffer from other problems, since now it somehow lags unless I play on a lower setting. I did and it's smooth again. Still a bummer though.But otherwise, it's still the same great game I've played so much. Having the equipment actually show up is kinda neat, and everyone having their own mana and drops is most magnificent. I didn't completely play everything on DD, so I have another nice shot with DDE.Again, there's not much it offers to long-time players, and a lot of things such as DRM and lost offline modes are downgrades, but it's still the great game it has always been, for best or worse. Just give it some time to grow on you again."
,Recommended,302270,11382315,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,-W3E- HellDevil,"DOnt let all the not recmmond fool ya this is basicly the reason i came back to dungoen defneders. THis is basicly dungeon defnders you know and love remaster without th worried of hackers modded items or weary of the ban hammer. You get all the   skins and stuff you unlock expect for a few that Either int he works or haven't got it over yet. Thoses who have oringal dungoen defneders squire comes with the pants thoses who bought this is pantless.The loto drops are nice and they included when u play missons loot mutiplers and other nice items. Small down side istheres a mini cash shop  that sell ya taunts, but none of the less its basicly good old fashino dungoen defenders.Also this game is not the stupid fail I touch I pad game!!!Reason i put i pad game because at beggging people thoguht it was the crappy i touch one,I play dungeon defnders since before they releases the shards dlc. I still hope we can get pvp and more challanges to come in the later months.  Also Trendy is workign hard for eternity so new and old can enjoy this game togehter!"
,Recommended,302270,11365552,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Wrdge,Now that solo play is in this feels just like the original - Enjoying it so far!
76561197971178623,Not Recommended,302270,11369660,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Guardian542,felt it was a rehash of the popular game with microtranactions and designed to work on a consol to try and grab some money out of the consumer... i'm not even going to bother playing more than the five mins i have. the orginal game was much better.
,Recommended,302270,11383920,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Praise The Memes,"First impressions of this.. remake?.. were not good.I was greeted by a launcher. Then I was required to create a new account, email and all. Then once I jumped into game I experenced latecy issues, related to walking. I appeared in a tavern full of people, which I kept bumping into and they blocked the tavernkeeper. I would have to navigate past them. Textures were being downloaded as I was playing. They were extremely low quality textures that continue to happen when I enter a new area.I found that the summoner no longer has her own units. This made me give up on summoner in this version, and It was my favorite champion in the base game. Everyone has access to the dlc characters, which felt like a slap to the face for those of us who bought all dlc. When you put your mouse of an icon it takes 1 second or more for text to appear.- this should really be instant. It's a pain to discover what each icon means.Now to the good stuff.I like the new coin system a lot. I love the dye system. I really enjoy the new equipment and how you use coins to upgrade pets/equipment instead of mana. Now when you equip items they actually appear on your summoner. I like how there's now anti-hack, which was a huge problem in the base game. I like the new maps and content, I actually have to parcicipate, instead of leaving my pets to do all the dirty work. Did I mention you now find pet eggs? Gaining one level is a challenge in this game. Which means you should pick your characters wisely.While I feel the bad stuff should be worked on, especially that summoner problem, I have to admit the good stuff makes the game worth it."
76561198028994381,Recommended,302270,11382955,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,kratozs,Please ignore the previous reviews that do not recommend the game. There are some flaws in the game that can be annoying like not having a personal tavern or the ability to splitscreen but there are added features. The added features like consumables and new skills via amulets. Most of the problems players have been complaining about have been fixed. The game has a lot of improvesments like anticheating and game balances. For example the barbarian is not as overpowered and the defense towers have been balanced as well. The game is still heavliy based on co-op playing and is still very fun to play with friends or a group of people.
,Recommended,302270,11383313,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,scrick,"Well at first i was like why this game gets so many bad reviews? After watching the trailer i said i need to try it, just because i had a 70% disccount and game gives you ALL heroes, no DLC. This means you get the summoner or the Jester without paying more than the original price. Many people complains because of the ""Offline mode"" There is no offline mode ( For now ) But there is a single player where you can play alone without people disturbing ( Obviously with internet ) If you complain about this, this system is the same as Black Ops 2 and Diablo 3.Its NOT but NOT a mobile ported version. This is my review, can't say much about so many bad reviews of people with 20 mins of gameplay.Not regretting about buying this game. Totally recommended."
76561197994547714,Recommended,302270,11380412,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Esthrus,"After playing Dungeon Defenders Eternity for a bit, I can see what other reviewers have been concerned about. While I echo some of these concerns, others I do not.First and foremost, many have said that the game should not be purchased due to lack of single player mode. That has been rectified, and I have played through the first level on a couple of different difficulties by myself with a couple of characters, and can confirm that this mode is working fine. Trendy had thought that their server costs might be too high if they immediately allowed single player, and quickly backed off due to the backlash over not having the mode. While it should have shipped with the mode enabled, I was pleased that they quickly rectified the situation.I will note, however, that all play is online and requires you to establish a separate account. This is both good and bad, as, while it does require you to always have an internet connection, it also allows you to continue your characters across devices. More devices, such as androids and iPads, should be coming in the near future, and I'm quite excited about that feature, especially assuming I can keep my characters.The second point, I think, is the primary cause for concern, and that is micropayments. Currently a number of specialized emotes can be purchased for $1 each in the store, amounting to a total of $30ish. This would bring the cost of the game to over $50 if one were to purchase all of them, but I sincerely doubt one would. Of course, being emotes, these are hardly necessary to beat the game mercilessly. However, it does open the door for other microtransactions. The store is far from fully stocked, and I expect that we will see more items that require real money soon. That said, Trendy has stated that DD2 will not be pay to win, and I expect that this game won't be either.Those are the main concerns I've seen from people, Now on to the features. So far I really like the rebalance, and I LOVE the visible armor, consumables, and general polish that the game seems to have. It feels like a nice update to the original Dungeon Defenders. There weren't any features I felt were missing, and progression so far has felt very smooth. I was most pleased, I think, that I found a few of the items that were harder to find in the original DD, such as pets and belts, immediately. I haven't felt like I wasn't getting the gear I needed, and I think Trendy has made sure that the loot progression feels a little more fluid than it did in DD, where I admittedly got stuck in the 70s. I can only hope that this trend continues.Overall, I would say that DDE is a nice update to DD that doesn't entirely deserve the criticism currently being levied at it. Time will tell if the game will continue to live up to my high regard for Trendy after the beauty that was the original Dungeon Defenders, but I'm confident that they have it in them to do what's right here."
,Recommended,302270,11379959,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,mo0cat,"I LOVE this game. Of couse I'm biased because I also loved DD1, this is essentially Dungeon Defenders 1 version 2.0, packaged up and rereleased as a separate game to resolve some issues that might have come up with making secure servers and whatnot. One of the issues I've seen with other reviews is the removal of single play as well as private play, but that was fixed the day of release, and seeing as it was an advertised feature before I bought it, I didn't mind waiting a couple of hours to play exclusively with two of my friends.The two 'issues' I have with the game are microtransactions, while they are exclusively cosmetic, I would like them to become unlocks that come with achievement like activities, like the skins; and no achievements, what's up with that?Overall this is a great deal, especially if you enjoyed the first(returning steam customers only pay $6 for the full game, as well as most DLC released, currently around... $50?) and new customers looking to get into the game, this is a wonderful opportunity to do so, I can't wait to play more and explore the new features and balances."
,Recommended,302270,11412148,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SorakaPlz(Ali),"A solid game if you get it when it was $5.99.The new item systems actually shows what you are wearing, but getting a full set is much harder.Challenge and boss fight champaign grant a usuable item for stat boost, so that's nice. I am not quite sure the same stat boost item can be used on the same character multiple time.Mana Chest is no longer shared among player, so everyone can loot all the chest, unless you join the game late."
76561198034966416,Recommended,302270,11414515,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Zithis,"Well looking at it as someone who owned the original with the DLCs, I got a lot of things I like, but a bunch I don't as well.My biggest problems are the public tavrens and the changes to my main, The SummonerThe Summoner took a big hit in this change, while his units still hit as well as always as far as I can tell, he now works on the same defense units as everyone else instead of his own. This makes having the same setups that made him great before nearly impossible to do and makes you have to rethink your way of playing him. I guess its nice for balancing sake, but as someone who's main character was the Summoner, it is rather disappointing.The Public Taverns just personally annoy me. I go into the game to just play with my friends and we all get pulled into a tavern with like 10 other people, some of whom are firing weapons or testing defenses on the dummies. I it rather annoying and they even made a room that you can go to that blocks out the sounds from the Tavern, but that room has no forge so you have to go back in to use it.Now that said, I love the new pet hatching system, the dyes and the custom armour that actually appears on the characters. I think if you don't own the original  and want the DLCs without speanding the extra money ot buy them with the original, then pick this up. For those who do own the original, well for owning the orginal I got it for 6 bucks when it first came out and i think there is enough here to make it worth picking up, though i would wait for a sale instead of paying the full 20 for basiclly the same game with new features"
,Not Recommended,302270,12496340,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,GorilaMan,ddont buy bit it takes one hour to set up not including tutoriul
,Recommended,302270,11378437,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tamedbeast,"There is always the one corky game that people like, and for me this is one of them, although it's not epic. it's a fun little time waster, and i think that is what they were attempting to archive with this game.I love the cartoon look to the game, it's very well done, and feels as if i was playing LOL on an art level, not on game play level though. The game is very easy to learn, you literally just join a dungeon and slay the enemies, get loot, upgrade your armor and skills and move on to the next level of dungeon. There are a few things you can buy at the Ingame store if you're the type of person that likes buying Ingame content, but most of it you can do without, i've seen some people crying about this because they cant get it for free. ignore them they are out their minds.I've personally never played this on phone, I 'v seen a lot of rather negative reviews, but i would not generally listen to those, most of those people are generally mad at life rather then the actual game they just take it out on reviews. I find that people thrive on making people fail these days, that how i see the reviews most people leave here as well.Overall i would give this game a 8/10 simply because is fun, easy and well made."
,Recommended,302270,11412346,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,dont deserve this big toblerone,"if you played the original and got to the endgame and thought wow this is the worst thing i've ever layed eyes upon but i can't draw myself from it, buy this. none of the hacking or stupidity of adding tier after tier of new things for money."
,Recommended,302270,11367952,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,RyderBG,"The game is much better than previous version. The updated UI and the new items making the game better. Of course, there are bad things but they are not very tragically. I recommend this game because there is better platform and no hackers. Good luck of conquering Etheria! :)"
,Recommended,302270,11367990,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nuke,"I have to rewrite my review, since they fixed matchmaking.From what I can tell, having played the PC, mobile, and Xbox 360 versions, this is a port of the Mobile version.It includes every class released in the original, plus a bunch of the costumes (I'm wondering if some aren't unlockable/purchasable later.) It also includes every map from the original, DLC included, plus several new ones.The loot is fixed and balanced, from what I can tell.The characters are fixed and balanced.Summoners, while nerfed (They don't use MU anymore) got a decent buff (Mages cost less, Orcs are viable).Trendy HAS announced that they're putting in Private Rooms (effectively creating a single player mode) but will keep the Playverse up (so as to prevent hacking, I suppose.)As of right now, there's a nasty bug where, if you die with your last hero in Hardcore, you won't be able to play anymore. They've said they have it fixed, and are working on sending out the patch. Bought a copy for my girlfriend and she only had one character. We didn't die, but were removed from our game (couldn't go back to the tavern because of some Party glitch), which caused my Ranger and her Countness to be considered ""dead."" So, basically, if you're going to play with friends and create parties, disband the party once the map is done with, and just remake it. (You get booted to the main menu either way, since the Taverns have trouble finding slots for more than one person, apparently.)"
76561198048534359,Recommended,302270,11386239,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,DracCusS,"+ This game includes all of the content of the other DD game at the price of 20$ or if DD1 is already purchased at the price of 6$+ It has new features that will make playing experience even more joyful- I really don't like the fact that you have to download, ""stream"", textures instead of downloading the game"
,Recommended,302270,11433538,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,AyeJayBlade,"I see nothing wrong with this game at all, it has a few bugs here and there and the servers are not great at the moment. However, you fools should stop complaining. Want to play DD like it used to be? You still have it. Go play it and stop complaining. Want your characters in this version? Course you can't, all items have changed and have been rabalanced, I mean the armour is completely different, it cannot be put in this game due to it's changes. If this game was patched over the original, then it will fail, ALL of you would complain and cry about the change. Man up and accept it, the game IS new and is necessary to revive the franchise. You still have the old one you wimps. Don't forget that DD2 will be free to play, yet the money will help make the game better."
,Recommended,302270,12675525,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Donaar,great game
76561198061056381,Recommended,302270,11422547,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ironman2ooo,"Fun game, but some big differences in customization of character from the original Dungeon Defenders.  Most of the game seems to be the same as DD in the way it works under the hood with a few small exceptions.  The game seems to be a beta but they released it as a regular game.  I'm not complaining about that though, I just think they should have labled it as an ""Early Access title so people weren't going in expecting a fully polished experience like Dungeon Defenders.  I am enjoying it."
,Recommended,302270,11421816,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Pandapop,"So far I am really enjoying this game, however, there are still some issues that need to be ironed out in my own opinion.Essentially it is a reboot of the same game, with a few additional maps, better scaling and quite interesting graphic and unlockable options, however, as it is early days there are some things that the developers need to address quite fast:1 - Time waiting for a private game. Mostly, I prefer to play my own games, especially at low level just to get a feel for my own playstyle and have a bit of fun without some rather nasty folks getting in my way. Yet even with a private game option, there is still a long countdown to the game start...no need to wait for other players if you're not expecting (or wanting) any.2 - The tavern needs some serious revamping. I can see where they were going with creating a community hub, but what they have really created is a lagfest extravaganza, not to mention, a headache. I would love to be able to comment on the purchaseable items and the changes in pet levelling, but I simply can't because I lose my mind after more than 4 minutes of looking in my itembox because Monk 56 wants to mess about with Aura's all over my bloody screen and the squire has created a dozen harpoon turrets that have rapid attack speed.3 - The timeout at the end of each level needs to be discontinued, or at least replaced with a 'Select another level' screen. Also, where on earth did the retry button go? You have to zone back in to the headache zone in order to try another level. And you don't get 'dwelling' time where you can inspect the drop items at the end of the game, you have a limited time to look at them and get out. Forcing you in the larger maps especially, to collect 10 tonnes of crap in your item box.4 - This is the big one. Why do I have to sit in an ever changing queue to play the game at all? So far I've spent a few hours playing the game, and more than double that waiting in a queue for a 'session' from the server. And the queueing system is pitiful, with me so far being 4th, 12th, 18th and 1st in the queue, but still not actually getting past the menu. More annoyingly, is that this doesn't seem to be a global issue. Only a few forum posts exist about it, and none of the guides or publicised material by Trendy make any reference to this. It is annoyingly bizarre.Overally, the bits that I have seen so far have been really grand, its just these very strange features that I can't seem to understand why they were created in the first place."
76561198132407225,Recommended,302270,12681037,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Garath,9/10 a bit laggy but still exelent game
,Recommended,302270,11429266,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Cru5ty,"There are some pretty amazing differences from the first.  Individual chests, individual loot, currency separate from building mana, gear info stored on their servers to help prevent hacking.  I let it download all the way and it worked fine.  Summoners now have separate units.  There are pro's and con's I think it needs work too, but I remember DD1 not being a sparkling miracle the first day it came out either.There is a clunky UI. Ability activation isn't as smooth. The latency issues are not too bad, this being their attempt at a diablo type system.  Lots of new stuff to mess around with.  This is not an IOS port for people who have heard rumors.  I like starting fresh.  If you would rather have modded weapons though, the original version is still there.  I think that there will be people that like the original also, they have spent a long time there with many high level characters.  Those people are not forgotten."
,Not Recommended,302270,12225298,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
,Not Recommended,302270,12024893,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Krypto Lobster,Don't buy it.
76561198047199686,Not Recommended,302270,12218041,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kim Jong Un,this game will not let me create an acount do not get sacmmed mymoney
,Recommended,302270,20041563,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FreckledTerror97,"Great game, 10 out 10. Play with friends for a better experience."
,Recommended,302270,11383939,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Something Sushi,"Dungeon Defenders, better than ever. New content, no hackers and a small price tag from owning the original game."
,Recommended,302270,11392260,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Misha,"As it is now the game still lack some of the old DD stuff but if they update it so this will get it this game is DD as DD should have been in the first place. The game play is still worse then bad, but I hope they fix that. The loot is low wich makes it hard to get good gear so you will need more time to play wich makes it a lot more fun. Also if you have a friend or 2 to play with, it makes it as good a co-op game as the old DD.So to put it simple:If you love DD, this is maybe something for you.The price of 14,99€ is a bit over the top so if you can get it for the 5,99€ price its a good pick for a new game.If you din't like the old DD or ""beta-ish"" games stay away from this.The closing word of mine here will be that yes there is a cash ""$"" shop but so far its only for taunts, so only gear that looks and don't chance the game, if it stays like that its good, if not this game will die quick."
,Recommended,302270,11387131,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,「ΛИ」 Alfie,This  is worth it and it is good you get new maps all the charecters from dungeon defenders 1 and also all the maps from dungeon defenders 1 and also dont read the negetive reviews becuase the game is good and your armour shows but in dungeon defenders 1 it dint show it is really worth also compareing it to dungeon defenders 1 this is better
76561197968329361,Recommended,302270,11400517,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ghost Requiem,"Long time Dungeon Defender players may raise an eyebrow or two at Dungeon Defenders Eternity. At best it seems like a light DLC at the current discounted price for previous owners ($6 USD). It includes a few new maps, a new consumable system, rebalance of classes (summoner being one of the bigger changes), and a new patching system which requires an online connection to play single player. Players can also play crossplatform with this version. There's also a built in cash shop in the game and for the time being, it only contains cosmetic things for $1 USD for a costume. The developers have said they intend to keep it cosmetic only and not pay to win. Currency is also changed from mana to in game coins creating a slower climb to currency becoming trivial. DDE includes all of the original's DLC minus some of the holiday maps (for now).As of this writing, there are many bugs that plague this new version from summoner pets jumping off cliffs to hotkeys being unbound with every map. The bright side of this is the new patching system is far better than before. Like Guild Wars, they can patch small things with minimal downtime server-side.The UI is far more suitable for mouse and keyboard in this iteration, albeit a bit clunky at the moment. It's still more customizable than the original DD. Controller support on the other hand is clunkier on this version. Hopefully these quality of life things will get ironed out with time.So for those who own the original and enjoyed it DDE really only offers a chance at a fresh start with less hackers, a few new maps and a promise of easier distribution of content with the new software for the future. For $6 USD, it could pass for DLC-lite for prior owners. For those who haven't tried the original DD or don't own most of the DLC for the original, even the normal price of $20 USD is a worthwhile investment. However, for normal price, prior owners who own all the DLC might want to hold off picking this up until there's more meat on the bone.I really wish there was a way to just post a review without a recommendation. For DDE, it's less black and white and more 'depends'. There's potential in DDE as something to hold out until DD2, but for now it's only for those looking for a fresh start or those who haven't tried DD, a fantastic tower defense game. The tech behind the patching system is a very solid foundation for future content, hopefully TrendyNet will support DDE with more content before the inevitable DD2 hits the market."
76561198003753989,Recommended,302270,11391590,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[ UG ] Doombot4,i think its a lot worse then the original version since its a lot more buggy.i find it that its a lot easier to just keep playing the normal version then this one.i also find it thats its a lot more trouble to play the game completely online is horrible since i mostly just play with friends or alone and here i just get tossed into a random game.i dont know if this is gonna change or not but for now this is my opinion.
76561198062701475,Not Recommended,302270,29133388,Posted: 8 January,all,117lone,Didn't get DDC FeelsBadMan
,Recommended,302270,11429402,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Salahg,Dungeon Defenders Eternity is a very well made tower defense game it is for people that enjoy fun rpg/tower defense games. Also there are 12 different classes of heroes you can choose from! Overall Dungeon Defenders is one of those games you just cant put down.
,Recommended,302270,11435185,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ryzaria,"I like the game, I really do. New features and all that. It's like the reverse Borderlands effect. If you have no idea what that is, grab an umbrella, because I'm about to drop some knowledgeBorderlands was a good game, but its sequal only changed its map and the characters. The game mechanics essentially stayed the same.In Dungeon Defenders Eternity, the characters and maps from the first game are there (minus the DLC stuff, I might add) and the game mechanics really changed. Pets can use abilities, you can pick up amulets for more abilities, and the whole darn thing got balanced!Now, as you'd expect with some newer releases, it does have some bugs. The biggest one I think anyone who's played it is the matchmaking, which they even send notifications about if it's that bad. You'll sometimes be unable to find a game or even leave the Tavern.Overall, I really enjoy the game, and if they can fix that there matchmaking it'd be a really fantastic addition to the family of Dungeon Defenders."
,Recommended,302270,11435873,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,mmdcoap,very good gamethe servers are still messed up
76561198012795913,Not Recommended,302270,12297069,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Glex,"Dont buy it, wait for DD2"
,Recommended,302270,11364899,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rejera,"Edit: I have put more time into this game and it has been updated. First, you can now play alone or just with friends. Thank you devs for listening. Second, I didn't realize you could wait until the game fully loads, then it won't stream to you, you'll be playing natively. Makes things look and play quite a bit better. You still need to have a constant internet connection, which can be a pain with a laptop, but if you are playing on a desktop, then you'll have that anyway. I still say that if you want to play locally, or just with friends, the original is packed with content. But if you are new to the series, and don't have problems when you play games online, this is a pretty good value. I still don't like the microtransactions for costumes, but to be honest, that's what the DLC for the first game was anyway. I wish they would keep it to costumes though, and ditch paying for more in game coins. They really do listen to their fans, and I like that about the developer. Controller support is still really bad though. So grab a mouse and keyboard and enjoy. for the small price of $20 or $6 if you have the old dungeon defenders, it's not bad. Lastly, this doesn't effect the old version. you can have both versions installed and seperate. I don't like the always online, but I guess if it means better balance then I'll try to deal with it."
,Recommended,302270,15619212,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The doctor is in,"This highly addictive fun filled colorful must have comes loaded and brilliantly blends Action, Hack & Slash, Tower Defense, Stratery, and RPG gameplay."
76561198066423027,Not Recommended,302270,12835898,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,PHScale,"This is a huge step down from the original, the graphics got worse, you can't play by yourself, and much much much more.I don't want to make this review too long though."
,Recommended,302270,11392456,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gojan,"Dungeon Defenders Enternity is a great game. of course its currently not better then Dungeon Defenders cuz its still being updated allot,the game itself is very fun atleast if you are bored with Dungeon Defenders then this is surely a Must have game,Pro'sThe game has more features including more item catagoriesAlso the game has Eggs wich can be hatched into PETS, yay no more farming for pets.The survival mode of this game is Only 1 HOUR instead of 3 1/2 hour for 1 waveConsAll shared Tavern,Playverse : no more steam invites etc,survival no longer give pets at wave 15, cuz its only 1 waveoveralli would give this game a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,302270,33151258,Posted: 2 July,all,timeless cooper,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,302270,11419090,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,BruceDanzig,its been reforged if you were a fan of the original i recommend trying this out its a lot of fun
76561197970683990,Recommended,302270,11422065,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dorque,"If you've never played the series, it is a must buy.  FPS set in a TD game.If you have played before, you get all the characters and all the campaigns in one go, along with a rebalance that embiggens the viability of any build.  I maxed out Squire (maxed blade tower and take a nap) and Apprentice (wall-only death machine) on the 360, and I'm loving playing through again."
,Not Recommended,302270,13490846,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,sundayn3rd,a freaking ripofff...
76561198150835137,Not Recommended,302270,28432903,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Snipes2004,shocking
,Recommended,302270,11387986,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Jazzie,"In some way I don't like this. The ""original"" was/is better. For those who haven't played DunDef 1, this is fine. There are still plenty things, that they shall fix, but they will probably do it. The first few minutes I played, I really downrated this, but I just had to fit with the new things. But I most say: ""Why did they even make this?""Overall: Fine, but they have much to do, to make this game better than DunDef 1 =D"
,Recommended,302270,11393273,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Leeroy,Diz mak me wetz
,Recommended,302270,11368128,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rancz,"Made me waste 5.99, for a mobile games, 10/10 would pay 5.99 again, it also made me want to suck huge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I started playing...no idea why"
76561198026522546,Recommended,302270,11392016,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,justind1,you need this game buy it now : )
,Recommended,302270,11367492,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Fudge,Been playing this instead of working. Great to get back into DD again. It is basically a public Alpha test for their new framework for DD2. Own most of the DD DLC but happy with this purchase so far.Pretty much a GOTYE of Dungeon Defenders. Large discount for previous owners. They plan on adding in more FREE content later downt he road. Just wish there was a fast track option for people who played theg ame before.
,Recommended,302270,11365954,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,~Let It Snow~,"It is a kind of ""update"" of this game. I love this game so much, so it is worth for me to buy it and play it again! If you don't really want to play this gain, I recommend you think before buy it. Because it just a update of Dungeon Defenders (New Features, Secure Online Play, Android, etc.). But still I think it is worth for you to play it again for supporting this game!"
,Recommended,302270,11365710,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,SteveLynx,"Great Early-Access Game!Just beware, about half of it is still missing and will be added post-launch."
,Recommended,302270,11366090,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Prizkilla Inactive,"4 hours into the game.This is a huge upgrade from the original Dungeon Defenders.The new features added to the game:  Visible armor, pet hatching & abilities, crafting, dodging, consumables, weapon-swapping, spellbinding, ""permadeath"" mode and a whole lot more!The previous version of Dungeon Defenders had alot of hackers, now theres NONE!The only problem I have with this is game that you can't play solo. But hey, now you can easily find a game with 3 other players.Just ignore all the hate this game gets, if you like Dungeon Defenders I'd recommend buying this one aswell.And YES there is steamcards."
,Not Recommended,302270,28255770,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Reelmight,I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Recommended,302270,11365860,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ClownJesus,Better version of the original imo you should buy it
76561198056252653,Recommended,302270,29548713,Posted: 28 January,all,Its The FKN Coon_Raven the Cow,This game!!
,Recommended,302270,11363995,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HolyQuebec,"My review in this screenshot. Read text.Otherwise, the UI is goddamn awefull, and broken.No steam integration whatsoever, we constantly have to restart the game and stuff. The gameplay is still excellent like the previous game, but it's unplayable(or nearly) in it's current statehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/TOPLEL/screenshot/453517784104149822/10-----------------------------ON SECOND THOUGHTS, A FEW WEEKS AFTER IT GOT RELEASED;they listened to the forums. they listened to the complaints.they're making this game better. They just should've said on the store page that it isn't really a ''definitive version of the original dungeon defenders'' because nothing is really stable or definitive.great game otherwise, most of the changes are good.8/10"
,Recommended,302270,11362951,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kodani,10/10 If anything needed microtransactions it's this game! and online only. and even more grind. at least you can start all over again!
,Recommended,302270,17014930,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Slykk,"Great game, awesome to play. The problem is for the longest time the developers seemed to want this game to die. Couldn't find the game in the store, and no updates for a long time. Definately keep your eye on this game, if it gets some support it will be great!"
76561198103801240,Not Recommended,302270,16345452,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Iron Tarkus,"This game was fun at first. Then everybody stopped playing and went back to DD1. Trendy gave out DD1 copies to everyone that bought it. Some people didn't recieve the game, including me. I asked Trendy if I could get a copy because I was never notified that I was entitled to a copy and they told me to go to Steam. I opened a ticket and I told them what happened (even included a screenshot of my purchase) and they pretty much told me to♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Save your money and just get DD1. My experience with Steam today has been an awful one and I will rethink my purchases in the future."
,Not Recommended,302270,11405721,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"NO LONGER SUPPORTED BY THE DEVELOPERS.this seemed promising in the early days, many of the changes they went with however where bad, and they eventually gave up on it, and gifted all owners with a full copy of the original.DO NOT BUT THIS GAME.if you want to play get the original, or invest in DD2"
76561198091370815,Not Recommended,302270,11534348,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Flurkn,Completely dead
,Recommended,302270,16604152,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BarbieRitz,Love this game. Always so much fun especially with your friends :) The Towers are all unique and definitely a really fun experience. So many classes you can play. and Lots and lots of levels to be able to play though! NOT TO MENTION ALL OF THE DIFFICULTIES :)
76561198019383558,Recommended,302270,15109515,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Necrophyliac,"10/10 Game Concept10/10 Creative Maps9/10 Character Variety3/10 Functioning Maps0/10 Trendy doesn't care about this anymore and won't patch maps broken in the most recent update...on January 7th **Trendy actually got around to fixing this as of April 6th-3/10 overlay inside a game that already has an overlay has/will always bug meSeriously Trendy. You could at least fix all the maps up before abandoning this game.I can really recommend this game for gameplay, but it's ruined because Trendy doesn't care about it as of current and won't fix what needs to be fixed.EDIT:Trendy magically pushes an update roughly 1 week after posting this. Fixes maps that won't load thank goodness. It certainly pleases me that they fix this problem as their game was left in an incomplete standing. I'm glad they hadn't given up on it as I had figured. Unfortunately it still lacks community to make it all too enjoyable. Gameplay though makes this an outstanding game despite having an additional overlay to it.10/10 patch fixes that please me"
,Not Recommended,302270,15767772,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Siegward,If you want something from this game go and learn about DD 2. Although they've made many mistakes with their clients. The first Dungeon Defenders was the game that made me come to Steam but they've done wrong with it after months and started to grab cash from many ways the could.
,Recommended,302270,13620036,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ethon,"This remake is good. Okey first see is weird, but more and more play in the game, i say diferent: THIS GAME IS GOOD, VERY GOOD.Szóval ez az új verzió nagyon remek. Első ránézésre furcsa, de több és több játék után mást mondok: ez a játék kiváló, mocskosul kiváló. Igen, más verzió, mint az előző, de sokkal többminden van benne. Néha megvárakoztat, de ezt kezdeti bugnak elnézem neki. Igazán jó játék, mindenkinek ajánlom :)"
,Not Recommended,302270,13891895,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TrusT,"I don't mind all the negative thing being said around here and I went on to bought it anyway, and it turn out okay,it is just DD with all DLC map (which you unlock along when you lv up yourself)BUT I just found a big flaw today, having to re-download everything in each patch, that is ridiculous, I turn on the game expecting to play right away but no, if the patch come out, sorry wait while we download the same thing you download last patch."
,Recommended,302270,13934301,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SinisterSaint,Freaking Amazing upgrade from the original! Countless hours of fun and challenging levels PLAY IT!!!!
76561198111665245,Recommended,302270,13730310,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SmokusPocus,"If you haven't had a Dungeon Defenders game before, or have the main game with very little DLC, this is a pretty good purchase. Even though the UI is a little less perfect than the first game, it is steadily becoming more accessible, and the sheer amount of content is enough to keep anyone into the tower-defense genre interested for a very long time.The classes are interesting, the towers are a lot of fun, the loot is awesome (even if not handled the best way at the moment) and the gameplay is too fun to not love. Recommend, but maybe you should wait a few months before making your final decision, as it can be a bit rough around the edges at some points."
76561198073027760,Not Recommended,302270,12331638,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Custard Cream,"What is there to say about DDE? If you love character customization and by that i mean choose everything from whether you want to fight or let your towers kick♥♥♥♥♥to making your fat cat with a propeller bright pink just cause it makes you look like a badass.Dungeon Defenders combines Tower Defense and 3rd person combat in a sexy way! I could tell you everything epic about DD but it's better you find out for yourself. They have regular updates that are persuaded by you, yes you choose what you want to happen on DDE and they make it happen. People wanted private taverns and the developers made it, people wanted Nightmare mode released but more of a challenge and the developers made it. People now want DDE to create their Hardcore mode WITHOUT perma-death and the developers have listened and are in the process of making that happen.Enough said, now buy it!That was back in October 2014 and it is now January 31st 2015I am changing my review on DDE because they have just released a new 'balanced' version of the game and well... it has destroyed the entire game completely.All characters stats that were considered good (3,000+) now are beyond disgracegful. All players have lost about 90% or their DPS on towers, the monks auras have been halfed and to make thinks even worse Series EV has had a tower change so there is no longer a tower buff beam.I am not playing DDE for another month and will see if they have rectified this barbaric change to what was an actual decent game and I do NOT recommend you buy this or even play it if you have it.R.I.P DDEWas Decent from version 3.2 up and till version 5.4"
,Not Recommended,302270,14038394,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,JaqHass,Too hard in low levels and too easy in high. And i got max lvl in a single sitting! Just terrible!
,Recommended,302270,14422802,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fork,so cool game
76561198074318048,Recommended,302270,14440022,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,iSzane,Awesome co-op action! nice teambased rpg :) many opportunities for you and your friends! just buy it!many classes and items and updates! i love it!-> must-have!
,Not Recommended,302270,15515037,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Neptune,"Virtually the same as Dungeon Defenders, yet with a few additional features."
76561198067089373,Not Recommended,302270,11921635,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Belizariusz,It's just DD1 with some new features... At least i had 70% discount. It would be ok if it would be DLC for DD1. But...
76561198061354565,Not Recommended,302270,16248674,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,JuliaR,i highly reccomend getting defender 1 not this one as its  revamp of the first . You do not get a very good service . your asked to log in everytime you try playing the game . it refuses your password even will not allow you change your password even though you type your password in correctly . DO NOT BUY THIS but the first defencder hellva alot better than this crap .
,Recommended,302270,11369638,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Fludpucker,"The game is now working very well.. I would not say perfect yet.. but they have been working on it furiously. I have been having fun playing it, as much fun as the first one. I would recommend this game in the state it is now."
,Recommended,302270,11406005,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,whitejay2010,"Game has significantly improved, and that aside, the redeeming features of this game are good enough that I have decided to recommend it."
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,302270,14913579,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Darth Chocula,"Misguided hammered dogshat that is way off the mark set by the first entry, avoid..."
76561198038680819,Not Recommended,302270,14787662,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SkepticRaven,This release was doomed to fail upon release.In theory it was to going to fix all the cheapness in DD1. It didn't.Textures were not mapped correctly in the standalone client for my graphics card. Luckily they also had a web-based client which worked for my computer. I sent bug reports in an attempt to make my standalone client function which worked its way through the technical support.What ended up happening was that the next update manually unsupported my graphics card for both the standalone and web client with an additional email stating if I could no longer play the game I should consult steam for a refund.
,Not Recommended,302270,14543104,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Syrius,"I'd like to start with this quote from the game description:""Dungeon Defenders Eternity is the definitive version of the original...""Literally I totally agree, it defines everything that Trendy is and has shown in the original. Its poorly polished, has a nasty clunky interface, the rarther random group making overlay looks dated, is unintuetive and seems entirely unessisary. Features simply dont work, like the ""show Equippable only"" filter, just does nothing, or only hides a few unequippable items.What saves this monstrosity of ugly is the game itself, you and your towers stand between the enemy and their goal, a simple, replayable joy. However that said the ""rebalence"" of the game is freaking awful, you spend most of your time sifting through gear you wont be able to wear for days of play as it is far above your level, beating maps on insane difficulty if not only possible at single digit levels but laughably easy... I really dont know what they consider balenced about the items you find now, the few you can wear have huge stats on them wildly screwing up what little semblence of balence there is...Would I reccomend this game? No. Simply because if Trendy consider this mess to be what defines their game they deserve nothing."
,Recommended,302270,14708824,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Turbo Molo,Awesome Game
,Not Recommended,302270,14818713,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Woodski,Horriable original is so much better dont waste your money
76561198004751415,Not Recommended,302270,14808043,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nikica,no local coop.  so i just wasted 20 £
,Recommended,302270,14603358,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Madd The Insane,"Wicked Game!DDE started out as a remake of Dungeon Defenders, which was an EPIC game (if i do say so myself). But since DDE's release its become something more then Dungeon Defenders, Because of its constant getting updated, its gotten alot more content and the leveling system was changed in Dungeon Defenders they level cap was eventually raised to lvl 100 which the intro of new patches. as where with Dungeon Defenders Eternity, all that content is already in, but the level cap is sitting back at the original cap of lvl 60, which allows alot more room for upgrades in the future.BY FAR THE BEST MMO Tower Defense game, i've seen out there. although its not fully a tower defense game, because you can also run around as a character and shoot, swing big♥♥♥♥♥♥swords, fire lasers, use magic projectile to kill you're enemies or you could just sit back and let you're towers and pets do the killing for you. This game covers alot of different play styles and is great fun with friends or by yourself.of course every game isn't without if flaws or boring parts. a couple of boring parts i've found are the massive grinds to get end level gear (although this might be boring, it can also be quite enjoyable). Dungeon Defenders Eternity took everything about Dungeon Defenders and made it even better.But don't take my word on it, play it for yourself and enjoy!!!"
76561197974437958,Recommended,302270,11363866,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dead_Again001,"Don't bother with this till it actually works would be my recommendation.You can't make or join game sessions. I'll revisit my review when I actually get to try to join a map.Revisit 1: what a difference a day makes, a tiny patch and we get:Games can be launched so you can actually playSolo hosting of dungeonsAs it's all streamed running in and hitting stuff seems a bit hit and miss especially if your trying to dodge their attacks back at you hopefully that'll improve.The rest seems like classic Dungeon Defenders. After a bit more play maybe it'll grow on me more for now I'd say wait as it may just need some tweaks to make bring it up to being something I'd recommend.Revisit 2 : well after leaving the game for months with some patching gave it a go again.Now plays pretty well, there are differences compared to the original dungeon defenders in terms of the difficultly... you won't be able to do Nightmare unless you have a good mix of lvl 60s in pretty good gear... but the gear is grindable and when you do get good enough gear you can you quickly gear up (a great deal easier, quicker and it's possilble to do solo without needing help). You won't see many players around but the ones you do meet are friendly and will try and help others... balancing has shifted it slightly from what you may expect if you played the original but it's still fun."
,Recommended,302270,30366068,Posted: 6 March,all,Spookygod,"Useed to llove this game when i played it on xbox 360, it stillls hollds up in my opinion, I'd play it a lot more if any of my friends owned it."
,Not Recommended,302270,11373400,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,weirdphil,"This game was actually good when it first came out. The idea of a streamlined version of DD1 with adjustments, new maps, and other tweaks was a nice thought, but this game has been abandoned by the devs. In fact, it was dropped by it's devs within two months of release and the game was SO bad that Trendy gave FREE copies of the original DD1 to all owners of DDE, AND they updated DD1 and added more maps for free to make up for it.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS.If you want to experience the original that spawned Dungeon Defenders 2, play Dungeon Defenders, NOT Dungeon Defenders Eternity. My crew stopped playing DD1 and moved to this DDE and they stopped working on it after 2 months."
