user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,302510,18431453,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tom,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third person hack and slash adventure game. It was initially released in November of 2013 as an Xbox One exclusive launch title, but was later ported onto PC in October 2014.  The game is set in an alternative version of Rome history. You play as a centurion named Marius Titus as you battle through the game as you seek revenge for the killing of your family.The main gameplay element in Ryse: Son of Rome is the hack and slash combat. This feels very similar to other action games such as the Batman series, a very simple but fluid action system means you have no problems taking on hordes of enemies, as you weaken your foes, you get the option to perform an execution on them - this prompts for a small quick time event as you have to press the corresponding mouse button with the colours on the screen, carrying out an execution every time you can tends to make the gameplay feel very repetitive though; it's nice for the first few times but it soon becomes the same over and over again.  You are able to learn different variations of executions through the upgrade menu, allowing you to purchase upgrades using the experience points you have earned, ironically though performing executions. On top of being able to upgrade the executions, you can also add the points into more passive talents such as straight health upgrades, or adding a multiplier to the amount of experience points you earn. If you are like me and you don't really like learning combos and such, the passives tend to be more the attractive options here.There is a hint of strategy involved in Ryse: Son of Rome too; a couple of battle scenes allow you to command orders to squads of men, such as ordering archers to cover a flank, or ordering the catapults to aim on different targets - these are few and far between however so don't go into this game expecting a really in depth strategy element.  The larger scale fights are really impressive though, one scene which stands out the most to me would be where you have to defend a castle against an oncoming barbarian army, whilst it is completely reminiscent of the Lord of the Rings scene in Helms Deep but has some really action packed gameplay as you avoid incoming fire bombs, preventing enemies from scaling the walls by kicking off their ladders and tackling any enemies which make it through.Ryse: Son of Rome has some excellent graphics - this is one of the first ""next gen"" games released, and it really does look next gen; it looks almost photo realistic, the characters look real and the environments which the game is set in look absolutely stunning. There are a couple low quality textures but nothing you will really notice unless you go out of your way to find them. All of the animations are perfect too; the fluid combat system allows for some exciting fight scenes as you string together plenty of combos. It is safe to say that the PC version of Ryse looks so much better than the console given the amount of options you can change to ramp it up to full glory.The game is also voice acted to an almost perfect level as well, and the ambient battle sounds draw you further into the immersion of this game. I cannot fault the game one single bit on the audio performance.One of the disappointing aspects of Ryse: Son of Rome is that it is an extremely easy game; since the combat system is so simple, hordes of enemies pose no threat once you master the controls; allowing you to cleave your way through armies of barbarians with ease. The boss fights do offer a little bit more of a challenge but I still did not manage to die once on them. Come to think of it; I can count the amount of times I died in this game on one hand. The only saving grace is that once you finish the game you unlock a legendary mode which will test your skills at the highest level; the three previous difficulties are all very much the same and any veteran gamer will not find this game to be a challenge to complete.The game is split into eight chapters, each chapter has a couple of different areas in which you will find yourself in and each chapter is split into further sections with cut scenes aiding transitions between them all. Throughout each of the chapters you will find your self-hunting for various collectables which whilst they offer no gameplay benefit, they will grant you little unlockables which is always nice. The game is very linear though; there is only one route through each of the levels allowing you very little room to roam off the single path, you are very much funnelled throughout the whole game.The second disappointing issue with Ryse: Son of Rome is that it is unbelievably short; I finished the game in just over five hours and due to the completely linear single player you can uninstall the game as soon as you complete it as there is no reason at all to play again. There is a multiplayer element which may interest some; a sort of two player co-op mode in that you are pitted against waves of enemies in a challenge modem each wave has increasingly difficult enemies to encounter - sadly you can also find yourself some annoying microtransactions in this mode too; allowing you to use your real life money for items in game.Ryse: Son of Rome will require you to have a pretty beefy rig if you want to play it on full graphical settings; I was playing on a 4k resolution and sometimes struggled to keep up with the 60 fps. I also had to configure a different profile for the game in my nVidia settings for it to work with my SLI setup properly (using nVidia inspector). I tested out 1080p settings and this allows the game to play on almost 120 fps with v-sync turned off - leaving this option on locks the gameplay at 30 fps too. Given that this game was initially released on Xbox, the Xbox controller works perfectly, however I had much more success playing with the keyboard and mouse, and I would recommend you try that option out first before opting for the controller.My final thoughts on Ryse: Son of Rome is that it a finished product which will give you an evening’s worth of entertainment - I finished it in one sit through and was satisfied with the end results, however I picked up this game when it was on sale in the summer for less than £9. I cannot recommend Ryse: Son of Rome when it is priced anything more than the £10 mark, simply because it has a short single player story mode and no levels of replay ability. If you find it on sale for £10, you should seriously consider picking this game up as it is the entry point for the next generations of games we are going to be seeing in the next few years, the graphics and story alone make this game a worthwhile play through.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/302510/"
,Recommended,302510,23719040,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Ryse: Son of RomeOriginal Release:2014Genre Tags:Cinematic; Story-Driven; Aesthetic; Atmospheric; QTE Action; Sword & Sandal Violence; Cooperative MultiplayerMy Overall Grade:AEstimated Playtime (Campaign):7-12 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:AuxiliaryRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Aesthetes; Strong narrative advocates; Game atmosphere enthusiasts; Fans of cinematic gaming; Action gamersREVIEWThe campaign ofRyse: Son of Romeis very story-driven. And, as with many of the modern, graphics-intense, high-budget games these days, it is very cinematic.  There are many cutscenes before, after, and during every level.  This cinematic experience is arguably the main aspect of the game, even taking the lead over gameplay. So if you’re someone who clicks through cutscenes, you would be missing out on a major aspect of the game.  But if you enjoy gaming experiences that are aesthetic and movielike, this is a great choice for you.As someone who is a huge fan of cinematic games, the first thing that jumped out at me while playing this was how noticeably intricate the facial expressions were during the cutscenes.  The advanced animations bring the immersive experience to a much higher level and really allow you to empathize with characters’ emotions at a level you would normally find only in film.  This feature greatly elevates the overall quality of the cinematic experience, and allows the game to find a unique identity through its characters.The stunning graphics and effects also contribute to elevate the quality of the cinematic experience, and allow for an awesome visual experience during live gameplay. The bloody, gore-filled animations during combat will satisfy anyone’s desire for graphic sword-and-sandal violence.  And the various gorgeous landscapes provide ambient, vivid, and diverse settings for the different levels to create an enjoyable atmospheric experience while you traverse through the campaign.The narrative is decently interesting, well-written and well-acted.  The story itself is admittedly pretty cliché with the Roman warrior tropes and it was extremely easy to see the “twists” coming. Nonetheless, I found many individual scenes throughout the campaign to be extremely well done.  Overall, it is an enjoyable narrative experience and most fans of the genre should find it easy to appreciate the story inRyse.And the actual gameplay is pretty fun, especially at first, but it does get repetitive eventually.  A lot of it has to do with timing, and patience; you’ll often be outnumbered, so you’ll want to defend-and-counter most of the time.  After a few well-timed hits on an enemy, you will able to finish him off with a QTE execution.  That is more or less the total depth of the combat; so while pretty entertaining, you can see how it could have benefitted from a little more complexity.  Nevertheless, the spectacular animations and intricate execution sequences are pretty sweet to witness.  Ultimately the combat is very fitting with the cinematic soul of the game.Ancillary to the campaign, there is“Gladiator Mode”.  You can play some maps solo, but it is really designed with multiplayer in mind.  Luckily, the multiplayer mode inRyseonly requires 2 people to play, so you only need to find one person to join you.  You and your partner work in concert to complete objectives or survive a horde mode for as long as possible.  It is actually pretty fun.  So, this is one of the rare cases where the multiplayer mode adds some significant value to an otherwise singleplayer focused game.SoRyseis a really good game, but it definitely fills a niche. It has a lot going for it if you are into cinematic, visually intense games with reactionary combat. But if you hate cutscenes and like fast paced slasher gameplay, you will likely be disappointed. If you are the former, then this is definitely worth your consideration.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,302510,17859658,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Short & brutal // Recommended only if on sale+ Executions are cinematic and fluid+ Multiple, simulataneous executions are possible (and look great)+ Visuals are absolutely jaw-dropping, and do well to showcase some truly spectacular set design+ Voice-acting is top shelft; every major and supporting character was voiced expertly+ Myriad unlockables scattered throughout+ Combat is superb and feels very polished+ Writing for dialogue is very well-done, and complemented the voicing talent so well as to fit like a glove+ Facial animations so well done they will leave the player totally floored; seemingly every nuance of twitches, quivers, and muscle movements are captured- Moving in formation and giving orders during battles do little to affect the events that unfold, and the entire experience is largely dumbed down for the player's convenience; all choices are essentially hollow padding- Precious little mob variation; there doesn't seem to be more than 8 or 9 enemy models throughout the entire campaign- Historically, the game is not only inaccurate, it is entirely nonsensical; the writers essentially took all the famous names they could find in Roman history and plastered them on fabricated characters, many of them jarringly stereotypical- Executions, which rely heavily on Quick Time Events (QTE) follow through and succeed even if the player fails the QTE; this is blatant hand-holding in the extreme, and does absolutely nothing to challenge the player- Little is done to spruce up the combat throughout the campaign, and it therefore ends up feeling dull and repetitive by the game's conclusion- Short campaign; I clocked in at just under 6 hours for a full playthrough- Massive over-reliance on QTE; makes the entire game and playable combat feel scripted and low-effortLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,302510,19836080,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rogelio,"It's really good. Love everything about it. Except the hours of game play. Look at my hours, I beat it twice..."
,Not Recommended,302510,13173928,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,loktar,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a beautiful game that suffers from boring uninspired gameplay with little variation in enemies. You fight the same bald skinny men, and fat hairy men the entire game. In one part they have masks on.. however they are the same underneath. The gameplay gets boring extremely fast, the slow motion specials that happen each kill get tedious and do nothing but lengthen the short single player. If its on sale for $20 or less its worth it otherwise skip it.Pros* Amazing graphics* Easy to learn combat systemCons* Repetative gameplay.* Not much enemy variation* Very short single player* Predictable story* Terrible upgrade system"
76561198089052394,Recommended,302510,32976764,Posted: 29 June,all,JD Herrera,"Ryse: Son Of Rome			* 7/10This game coud have been an easy 8/10, if only...INTRO. What is Ryse about?Ryse is a third person Action game Developed by Crytek (hence the ""Y"" trick in the title as in most of Crytek games... Ho-ho-ho). You play as Marius, A Roman soldier with good heart and a strong sense of honor and loyalty to the Roman Empire. Of course the game won't be perfectly following historical events but it will tell you a good story during the time of Emperor Nero and the attempted conquest of Britain. Without any spoiler I can say that the story is quite simple and predictable yet is being told and directed really well with very good taste during cinematic scenes, fights, dialogues.GRAPHIC. Engine And Artistic aspects.Cryengine is doing a really good job, as usual. And as usual it is quite resource demanding as I've been playing with mid-high settings at around 30-40 FPS with few minor drops down to 20 FPS in the most demanding situations. However the details level in models and locations is really good even nowadays, and many locations show a very good level of attention and artistic touch.SOUNDTRACK. Themes and Accompaniments.The entire game is accompanied by a beautiful symphonic OST that will improve the feel during the most epic or challenging situations. The most notable and memorable is the menu theme of course, which can be found few times ingame as well as some kind of encore.GAMEPLAY. How does it work?As an action game Ryse introduces some interesting mechanics. First, the""Reward system"": when you fight enemies they can be executed. If you do (through a QTE) you will be rewarded with health, XP, damage bonus or focus, a preventive choice that can be done at any moment of the game so you can execute your first enemy for some health, then you can go to the next one for some XP.Second,Command your soldiers. Nothing too fancy, in particuar situations you can choose what kind of suport to get from your soldiers. in two ways battlefields you can ask for some ground support on one side while you take care of the other one, in other situations you can ask for archers suport, and in some parts (the best, IMHO) you can call your soldiers in formation and command to proceed, throw pikes or raise shields along with them. This is something so simple yet there's nothing that makes you feel like a Roman Soldier more than this!MULTIPLAYER.There's obviously a Multiplayer section but it doesn't allow classic PvP fights but (more important to me) cooperative modes. Cooperative modes allows you to play with a friend (through steam invite) or via automatic server pairing to different modes, all of them set inside different and  colorful variants of the Coliseum which are meant to represent a ""story"" to entertain the Roman public, such as barbaric invasions, Ancient Gods defense and so on. Particularly funny (in a good way, I just love it) the commentary during fights in the Gladiator arena mode. At the end of each fight you will add up the experience and ""money"" to level up you character's abilities andMOST IMPORTANTLYsomething you don't have during the single player campaign: inventory. You can buy random packs with ingame money value (never to be paid with real money, just playing) which may contain pieces of armours, swords, shields, potions and all of them can boost your Health, focus stats and more. Very interesting, very underestimated. Underestimated because I wish I could see this piece of gameplay during the SP campaign... Too badLAST NOTES. What doesn't work?What didn't work for Ryse to prevent an 8/10 and deserve a low 7/10? Few little things. One of the most annoying things is key binding. Or better, non-key binding as you can only choose between 2 o 3 keyboard+mouse presets which can't be edited to set your own. Luckily they're not too... strange so it was quite easy for me to get used to it. Yet it's pretty ridiculous at this time... I only use Kb+Mouse so I don't know if the same trouble can be found for joypad users.The story is going towards a precise direction and it's pretty clear as you play. This doesn't mean it's a bad story, nor a bad game as it still is very epic and a pleasure to follow anyways. It's just simple, hence predictable, that's all.Gameplay gets quite simple as enemies are predictable and can be faced without too much trouble. Going ahead with the game you will meet different new ""classes"" to face in different ways but they're not that much. Boss fights represent the only real challenge in the game, yet only the last two are noteworthy.The worst sin of the game however is the  main campaign lenght. I've completed it in about 6/7 hours. Definitely short. Good thing the Multiplayer coop mode is fun enough to entertain after the SP campaign.TL;DR. Pros And Cons+++PROs+++ROMAN EMPYRE.Following Marius' story is a pleasure, well directed, epic situations, Good voice acting Good soundtrack. Everything works well.CRYENGINE.You can't be disappointed by the details and the environment in Ryse, High quality and amazing locations will be constantly shown during the campaign.GAMEPLAY.The Reward System, executions and ordering soldiers are mechanics that really give a good touch of variety to a classic acton gameplay.COOP ARENAS.I wasn't expecting much yet it's quite fun to fight especially The Gladiator Arena mode. Very creative and particuar variants of the coliseum, Funny commantary and an inventory section to handle. In a certain way it has more to offer compared to SP campaign---CONs---SP CAMPAIGN.Too short. The main campaign is definitely too short, and unfortunately the story is simple and predictable.GAMEPLAY.The poor enemy class variety makes the game quickly boring until you see some piece of story, or you get to command a fistful of soldiers or you meet a boss to fight.NO KEY BINDING.Seriously?I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Recommended,302510,20005178,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Crytek has a long and storied history on the PC. After developing an Xbox One launch title, they are back on the PC with the port of the same game, Ryse: Son of Rome. Crytek is known for making games on the technological cutting edge, and they pretty darn fun to play too. With Ryse, they have deviated from their FPS comfort zone and moved into the beat-em-up/button masher genre. Crytek fans looking for the highly ambitious, emergent gameplay of Crysis may feel that this title comes up short, but there is still a lot to enjoy. Ryse doesn’t offer the same technological “wow” factor of their previous games, but it does provide a highly entertaining, blood-soaked romp. It doesn’t have a lot to offer in terms of depth or length, but its well-paced campaign is more than enough to justify the price tag on the PC.Ryse: Son of Rome isn’t a bad game by a long stretch. As a fan of Crytek’s past works, however, it is hard to shake the disappointment that it isn’t nearly as mind blowing and ambitious as Far Cry and Crysis, games known for their visuals and huge, wide open environments. Ryse delivers in the graphics department, but is a step backwards in level size and in-game physics. The levels in Ryse are tightly linear, other than the occasional, very small side paths that lead to collectibles. In a huge missed opportunity, combat arenas are completely devoid of destructible objects. You can’t smash windows, walls, tables, weapon racks, or food carts. This mechanic would have made the game more impressive, and add opportunities for emergent gameplay and environmental combat. Ryse sets its sights lower than previous Crytek games, although the high level of polish almost makes up for that.With Ryse, Crytek elected to make a character driven button masher/beat-em-up. You play as the hero Marius, who is both a legendary warrior and an admired leader. During your revenge quest, both qualities will be used frequently. Most of the game is spent in melee combat against small groups of enemies. For most enemies, a simple one-two combo of slash and shield-bash weakens enough to perform an execution move. Executions are horribly brutal, gory quick time events where you tap the buttons as needed to slice off arms, open necks, bash heads, impale enemies on your sword and yank it back out to use on somebody else. The melee and execution routine is the bread-and-butter of the game. It isn’t very deep or complex, but there is enough substance to these mechanics to sustain a quality game. Suffice it to say, this game gets a lot of mileage out of its “M” rating.You won’t find any power-ups lying around. Instead, you have to earn them by performing executions. Execution bonuses can be applied to health, XP, damage, or focus. With XP, you can upgrade your character and add more executions to your list of moves. These mechanics provide some basic resource management that helps gives the game much needed depth. There is a little bit of variety to the enemies, but it could have used more. The overwhelming majority of the game’s enemies are simple grunts or barbarians with shields, who don’t fight much differently than the grunts. The difficulty picks up a little bit in the final chapters, as the game requires you to perform more blocking and parrying and sets you up against heavy enemies whose attacks cannot be blocked. That variety is welcome, but the game still could have used more.Melee combat sections are broken up by other short-lived activities, such as turret shooter sequences that find you manning a ballista to mow down enemies by the dozen. The game also has one interesting innovation – the phalanx march. You occasionally form up with fellow troops and march across open areas while being pelted with arrows. You have to do it carefully, marching slowly and then raising your shields at the last second to keep your guys from turning into pin cushions. There are about a half dozen of these events in the game, which are a perfect fit for the ancient Roman setting. Changeups in the action are frequent, keeping the game moving along nicely.Ryse isn’t going to be long remembered for its story, but it is a surprisingly entertaining affair. The game is clearly inspired by movies like Gladiator and HBO’s Rome, and it pays great homage to the subject matter. Big, beefy soldiers in colorful armor with gravelly voices and British accents battle barbarians while being backstabbed by corrupt Roman officials. References to the Gods and the afterlife make frequent appearances. Marius and his adversaries exchange lots of testosterone-fueled dialog. The story actually had potential to be a very good one, but it seems as if some important material was left on the cutting room floor. As a result, not everything in the story makes sense. The apparitions that appear occasionally are a bit confusing – the game never establishes that the supernatural is real, but these apparitions appear to have a real effect in the game. It is too bad that the script wasn’t given one more rewrite, because the game is genuinely trying to provide a quality story.No review for this game would be complete without effusive praise for its visuals. The game’s primary role is to act as a showcase for the next generation of hardware, and it does so perfectly. The Roman soldiers’ banners and uniforms are bright, highly detailed, and colorful. The character models look beautiful and incredibly realistic, brought to life with an impressive library of motion-captured animations.  he animations are especially impressive when it comes to the executions, of which there are dozens.Suffice it to say, if you have a beefy PC and you are in the market for some outstanding eye candy, you can’t go wrong with Ryse: Son of Rome.The game’s beautiful visuals have gotten a lot of attention, but it isn’t all that the game has going for it. Its production values are outstanding across the board. The audio is a cacophony of grunts, metal clashing against metal, swords slicing through flesh, arrows thumping against shields, commands being barked, and screams of pain. The voice acting is top notch, with Marius and his pal Vitalion faring particularly well in their stereotypical roles. All of this comes with a great booming orchestral score playing in the background. The game sounds as amazing as it looks.Ryse: Son of Rome can be criticized for not offering enough variety as a game, but with a reduced price tag on Steam this criticism isn’t as damning. The game deserves credit for accepting its short length instead of trying to pad itself out with lots of copying and pasting. Ryse is a fun game pretty much from the beginning, and it ends right before it wears out its welcome. If you are in the mood to spend a weekend enjoying some graphic ultra-violence with your brain turned off, then Ryse: Son of Rome should make a nice addition to your library, especially if you can find it on a Steam sale."
,Recommended,302510,12578944,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"HOW TO ENJOY THIS GAMEGo on Netflix, watch Gladiator, then go on Amazon and watch both 300's, give yourself a nights worth of hype, then play this game whileist on plenty of caffine."
,Recommended,302510,13489725,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Slaughter,"I enjoy games where I don't have to think, the graphics are great, and the story is satisfying. Why? Because I'm a f'ing adult with a career. The amount of time I have to spend playing video games is about 1-2 hours per week, if that. The game looks amazing, it's a very small learning curve for controls, and I'm enjoying myself. What else can you ask for in a game?"
,Recommended,302510,31060541,Posted: 10 April,all,Abz ⸢Editor⸥,"I give Ryse: Son of Rome: 7.6/10Difficulty:NormalTime to complete:5.2 HoursSPOILER FREE!Historical games have always played a huge role in gaming industry. The give us somewhat of an idea about how battles were fought back in the good ol' days where every country was at war with another. The set out scenarios for us in which the creators of the game don't have to come up with themselves. Ryse: Son of Rome follows a champion of Rome who sets out to you know, fight for his empire, his honour and his family. Pretty normal for a historal plot but this game goes in much more detail.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorDon't waste time pulling off the petals. Cut off the head.ProsCombat:The combat was the strongest thing about this game. The game had very smooth and fluid combat, with the excutions looking like something out of a 300 movie. The combat wasn't too hard to master, even on the normal diffculty the combat felt somehwat easy and repetitive.Graphics:Oh dear Rome, the graphics for this game were glorious! I salute the devs for making a game with out standing graphics. It felt though as if I was truly immersved with each setting the game had layed out for me.Soundtrack:The soundtrack was historcally good!ConsStory:The story wasn't anything special. It followed them main protagonist that must defeat his foes to achieve his ultimate goal which was always seen at the start to save Rome.Character Development:The character development was really bad. The only character that was truely developed was Marius, everyone else was just like here for a bit and gone the next second. One moment you're fighting for this person and the next we fight another without even knowing who the hell they are and what they've done. Just something along the lines such as ""I must kill him/her""Performance:Performance for me, is hard to tell. At the beginning it ran perfectly smooth then all of a sudden, it starts dropping frames and later on it would drop frames in the cinematics like what? I had to change several things just to know what the problem was and to prevent it.I hope you enjoyed my quick review of Ryse: Son of Rome. You should totally play this game after you seen a movie that's based on greeks/romans because it truely makes you feel like you're there fighting for them!StoryGraphicsPerformanceSoundtrackEnjoymentOverall7106787.6"
,Recommended,302510,23787253,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Raptorz,+good story+awesome action scenes+easy to play+cool fights+good graphic-short story
76561197991756666,Recommended,302510,28490810,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nerk hayze,"TOTALLY LOVED ITWhat an excellent idea of porting this from XBOX to PC,a gem it is.yes, I'm looking forward to more games to come from PLAY STATION & XBOX to PCPro's+nice to look at (stunningly realistic graphics)+engaging story+rpg style 3rd person play+masterfully created+much to appreciate in everyone's latin heritage+story does have many twists & turns (even some supernatural delving)Con's-strictly linear, small amount of freedom to divert from story path, (if so it's to pick something up)-not open-world-maybe 8 chapters is not enough for youI really enjoyed this.AAA game here !I recommend 110%Game On ☻☻☻☻☻"
76561198015691832,Recommended,302510,22953799,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Guan Yu,"One of the best CGI games I've ever seen and played. When it came out I was in awe at the graphics and gameplay, some of the best and funny executions I've seen outside of Mortal Kombat. The campaign is very well done with a good storyline, hidden items, the ability to level up and great for screenshots. If you like hacking, slashing and putting your sword through a barbarians face during epic cinematic gameplay, this is a game for you. Be prepared to where out your F12 (screenshot) button with this game, you can easily get carried awayThat been said, if your an achievement hunter like me you might struggle to get the last few achievements in multiplayer, but as long as you find someone in the forums or groups to team up with this shouldn't be an issue."
,Not Recommended,302510,29170850,Posted: 10 January,all,Kainz,"Bought Ryse for £5 during the Christmas sales. I had always wanted the game back in 2014 when it was released as always, other titles were in the way.I am happy I never stumped up full price though as I can barely handle playing Ryse for longer than 10 minutes without quitting out of boredom/frustration. I truly feel sorry for those who paid full price for this rubbish.Ryse plays like a tech demo. There is no doubt that Crytek are visual geniuses when it comes to their engines but this one, whilst looking good chugs away with massive framerate fluctuations everywhere. To add to this, the camera is dreadful at positioning, resulting in nothing but death during critical moments in combat.Combat is incredibly repetitive (even moreso than a Warner Bros title i.e Mad Max, Batman, SoM). It involves mashing the attack and block button until the enemy has a skull icon over it's head - at which point you can initialise a FATALITY sequence. The enemy flashes blue and yellow so you press those buttons (if you're on a controller) and a 3-4 second dismemberment animation proceeds. Rinse and repeat for EACH enemy you fight. This isn't combat, it is torture!Ryse may look good but there is practically zero depth to gameplay here. The story from the outset is established as a typical revenge one and the protangonist dull. You constantly engage the same enemies repeatedly - there are 4-5 types excluding bosses, so mix this in with the reptitive combat and you have a collosal heap of dung that even Ian Malcolm would be surprised at seeing.I really want to like this game, but as stated I cannot manage to even play longer than 10 minutes at a time without becoming bored of button mashing and rubbish camera angles. I have read that it is a short game, which is a shame as I am a patient gamer and could hold on but the story just isn't there amongst many other things."
76561198119779268,Recommended,302510,23284401,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,10000bcOG,"I bought this game on sale for $5, and I just finished the single-player campaign. At first I was turned off by the horrible pov and repetitive combat, even if beautifully choreographed. But I got somewhat used to it, and I'm glad I did, because a few things made this really enjoyable for me.The art and design is superb. The graphics are amazing. The scale of the environment, objects and monuments, feels large and impressive.The story is good and interesting and structured well, and the voice acting is some of the best I've heard in a game.And things are just generally badass, the fighting, the characters. I don't often giggle with enjoyment while playing games, but I did a few times during this one.At first I didn't love it, and figured $5 was fair. But now that I've finished I would'nt have regretted paying $20"
76561198009400805,Not Recommended,302510,16071306,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sol Teenuts,"The game had awesome graphics but that's about it.The reason I don't recommend it is because it felt like a chore to finish. Extremely repetitive, easy, boring and short. The only reason I've got 9+ hours is because I either fell asleep during the game or left it on and walked off to do something else, but it can definitely be finished in a shorter time period than the hours I have clocked on steam.If you find it dirt cheap in a sale and have a badass rig and just want to warm up your GPU then by all means get it. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this."
,Recommended,302510,29745675,Posted: 6 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"ProsGraphicsSatisfying executionsStoryCutscenesNon stop actionBoss fights60fps on my awesome rigConsOnly one weapon throughout the gameNo vehicles chariots horses ectSmoother execution in some of the mechanics outside of core actionNo executions on bosses?ConclusionThere are moments where you feel a bit cramp and can easily overlook key items as you feel rushed by the moment of the game and charging soldiers.  The repetitive A.I. needs more investment because you'll notice you fight the same 5 barbarians over and over again.Ryse is a pretty good action combat game that can get a little repetitive, but that doesn't mean that the game isn't any good. There are a total of four difficulties you can play the story mode on, but you need to beat the game to play the hardest difficulty. The graphics are amazing. The game play can leave your hands tired after bashing all the buttons over and over again. There is a lot of blocking, breaking the enemy's guard, and attacking that makes the game challenging,Bottom line:This was one of my most anticipated titles going into the Xbox One launch. Few games have been set in the time of the Roman Empire, a period of time I find fascinating, and this game promised to fulfill my dreams of being set in this spectacular era. On that front, the game did not disappoint. The game is only $6.99 right now, it can't go wrong. Don't hesitate if you like the Roman Empire aesthetics and want some brutal action. It costs almost the same a s a movie rental, lasts 4 times more and it is twice as fun. 8/10....although is short it is a must own game.although i can say this is my second time owning the game and play it since basically i have play it on xbox one since it's launch."
,Recommended,302510,28414530,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Ryse: Son of Rome is pretty cool, I guess.You play as Titus Marius, a man with a very cool name.Titus is a new recruit in the Roman Legions, assigned to the 2nd and soon to be off to Alexandria. But when his family is murdered, he's enlisted into the XIV Legion by Commander Vitallion. From there, Titus goes on a field trip to Britannia where he embarks on a mission of war, revenge, patriotism, and betrayal.Also, he gets a really, really cool looking sword.Ryse: Daughter of Greece is a third person action game in vain of other games like God of War and Batman. Titus is armed with a Gladius (That looks really cool), a shield, and a handful of javelins known as pilums. I would recommend playing this game with a controller, but do what you want, I'm not your dad.Your face buttons cover the basics, you have an attack, a shield bash, a block that doubles as a counter if you time it right, and a dodge button. So it plays like Batman, yeah, but it also has the added bonus (or negative depending on who you ask) that Titus comes equipped with a good number of fatalities you can pull off on any mook that is marked with a skull over their head after you do enough damage. Although flashy and nice to look at, they, much like my criminal record, tend to repeat.The game tries to even this out by adding a little color coated quick time event during these scenes, you don't HAVE to press anything while they play out, but if you don't you  miss out on extra experience. Experience is used on what you expect, increasing things like your health, your focus meter, and even spending experience so you can gain more experience overall.One of Ryse's strongest points is its cinematography and choreography. As simple as the story is, it's actually rather entertaining to watch when you aren't slicing people up and taking their property. Characters are surprisingly life-like in the way they move and speak. John Hopkins and Tim Treloar take it home with their performances of Marius and Vitallion, bringing a sense of life and personality to the characters that would have sounded like gruff generic guys if anyone else were to do it.The Roman Empire as shown in Ryse is also pretty asthetic. Armors are ornamental and weapons are very flashy. Titus' Gladius has a outward curve to it that makes it look like something someone would use in a Dungeons and Dragons game, and any important character seems to have their own personalized weapon, like they were custom made just for them. It also helps that I want to have a romantic relationship with Roman architecture and themes in general, and maybe a little bit of a relationship with Titus.Because he's hunky.But, if you're looking for historical accuracy, you should go look somewhere else. Ryse's depiction of the Roman empire is very fantastical and different. Damocles isn't really a ""Spirit of Vengence"", considering it's a Greek tale about how riches and power also grants peril and anxiety.Commodus was actually the son of Marcus Aurelius instead of Nero. Boudica's army never made it out of Briton, let alone reach Rome, and I have no idea what Boudica's real father's name was, nobody apparently does.There's also other glaring things, the Roman Scutum is way too small in this game for what it actually was used for. And for being one of the most organized and professional army the world has ever seen, the Romans in this game sure are unorganized, only taking formation and not fighting like unruly brawlers when Titus or Vitallion tell them to fight like how they're supposed to.See, you learned something today.But should you play Ryse: Son of Rome?I got it for 5 dollars, which is a good price for what it is. It took me around 5 hours to complete with one extra hour screwing around on the multiplayer mode, which itself is just a two player horde mode type ordeal. But the story is entertaining and the voice acting is pretty great. And for what it is, the combat is also pretty good for the 5 or so hours you can to play with it.The game however, is also pretty easy. The only reason why I didn't beat it on Legendary is because I had to actually beat the game first to play on legendary, and the difficulty right under it wasn't all that tough. Still, if you can get it on sale, I don't see why you shouldn't give Ryse a go.Fries: Son of Burg gets 6 really cool speeches out of a possible 8.The Gladius is actually Spanish in origin.The Senate and Curator of Dirk:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curation"
,Recommended,302510,21479020,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kosmozuikis,"This is Rome!It‘s rare for PC get action/adventure games. I don‘t like consoles, but i must admit they have some quality games. When Ryse the son of Rome came out for the consoles i heard many negative comments about this game. After finally buying it on PC i can say it is really a decent game.Probably the most exciting thing about Ryse the son of Rome was graphics. The game looks really good. It‘s not the best looking game, at some parts it looks...well...like a console game, but most of the time it‘s a treat for the eyes. Of course such graphics can be easily achieved, because the game consists from narrow corridors and closed spaces. If it would be developed as a PC game first it could look much better.The gameplay is pretty basic. You run through narrow spaces and then fight some enemies. What i love in this game is not those amazing looking character models and not those gorgeos diverse locations, but combat. It‘s really fun and requires some skill unlike some other games where you can mash the same button and kill everyone. Here you must attack, block and evade, some attacks will test your reflexes and you will want to throw the controller at the wall. The legendary difficulty is really challenging. Sadly not all the parts of the combat is good. Well, the close combat is great, but spear throwing can be annoying and broken, it could use some work. It will not give any problems unless your playing on the hardest difficulty. Besides good combat system it has some good looking executions. When you damage the enemies enough you can execute them in some brutal ways. Slitting throats and cutting arms never gets old.The game has some performance issues. It is not optimized very well. On some levels it stutters really bad no matter what your settings are and it could be really annoying.Some people may not like that the game is pretty short but for action game the length is perfect. It will take you 8-10 hours to complete the game. And with the sale price of ~7€ every moth or so it is worth the price.Besides single player campaign the game has a multiplayer mode. I didn‘t play it much, but from that one hour it looked fun to me. It‘s like a coop arena mode where you and the other player fight against hordes of enemies.I strongly recommend this game for action game fans. Maybe it‘s not the best game in it‘s genre and is not worth the full price if you‘re not interested in multiplayer, but you still will have a good time playing it.EDIT: after playing some more i have found this game has a serious bug which is not fixed yet and will never be. The saves get corrupted and all your progres gone in a second. Even the online progress. So turn off cloud saving before playing! Otherwise you will lose everything.Pros:GraphicsCombatStoryCons:PerformanceBug causing save corruption"
76561197995311107,Not Recommended,302510,12997529,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,xv bones,"RECOMMENDED ON SALE.NOT RECOMMENDED IF THE PRICE IS OVER ABOUT $15.So, this is not a terrible game.  It's got some relatively entertaining animations, it's gory enough.It's also gorgeous and has a superb soundtrack.It's also got a hilariously stupid and breathtakingly predictable plotline that you will see right through within the first fifteen minutes, some of the dumbest enemy shoutouts I've ever heard in a AAA title (seriously, the germanic barbarians scream things like LETS SEE HOW THE SON OF A GENERAL FIGHTS and YOUR FATHER WILL SOON BE DEAD at you in perfect english with english accents and there's me going HOW THE HELL DO YOU KNOW WHO MY FATHER IS, I'M JUST SOME DUDE WHO NEVER TAKES HIS ARMOR OFF), workable controls that you nevertheless cannot edit without rewriting the config files and, let's face it, one-note gameplay that's honestly been done better elsewhere.And that's really the big issue, here.  The gameplay - which is nothing but combat - is just too simple and too repetitive.The Executions system adds some variety, but it also ends up making things entirely too easy and while there are thankfully a large number of them, some of them just feel like padding, they go on for too long.What's much, much worse is that while the executions each include PUSH X TO KILL BARBARIAN quicktime events, there's no real downside for hitting the wrong button.  No matter what you hit, the barbarian still dies and the animation proceeds exactly - exactly - the same.  You get more bonuses for hitting the buttons correctly, but in the long run that barely matters.Also using projectiles is unnecesarily awkward and really clunky.Also also, while the VO itself is for the most part okay, it's also very very often hyperdramatic in a manner that had me laughing out loud at moments that the game clearly wanted me to be feeling sorrow or anguish.  Our Hero's reaction to his dead father (this is not a spoiler, if you are not able to determine the exact plot progression within the first fifteen minutes you should probably get back to the maternity ward before any of the nurses notice you've gone) in particular is outright hilarious.  YEWBASTARRDDS.  YEWMURDRINGBASSTARDDS.Speaking of which, our hero has no personality and actually kicks off the meat of the story with an honest-to-god complete and total nonsequitor - you've just gotten an uncharacteristically cowardly Nero (who never, mind you, had to deal with germanic invasion ever in his life) into an ancient Roman panic room and for whatever reason decide this is a great time to suddenly say to his emperor, out of the blue and with the plantary gravitas, MY STORY BEGINS LONG AGOIt's brilliant in its absurdity, honestly it is."
76561197995621964,Recommended,302510,32437720,Posted: 15 June,all,The Painted Cow,"A pretty decent game, with pros and cons...but for the price of 20 bucks it's totally okay.If it's on sale, I recommend it. It will grant you about 12 hours of fun in singleplayer, playing it twice (on different difficulties).Pros:+Good story (although historically not correct, if you care for this)+Good atmosphere+Nice graphics+Fun multiplayer, also for casualsCons:-Combat system made for consoles and pretty boring (too many quicktime events)-Mutiplayer micropayments....the cancer of our time-Rather short Singleplayer campaign"
,Recommended,302510,32380374,Posted: 12 June,all,∨∨ᴉ⊣CH HOUS3 S▲SH▲,"Ryse Son of Rome was Xbox One’s supposed flagship title. It failed to garner any attention due to the fact that not many people bought an Xbox One due to Microsoft’s controversy with the console at the time.One year later the Xbox One exclusive was an exclusive no more and was the first of many Xbox “exclusives” to be ported onto PC via Windows 10 store or Steam. While Ryse Son of Rome ran at 30fps at 900p, the PC version ran at 60+fps in 1080p or 1440p. The PC version even has the option to run at 4k making the PC version the definitive version. It even sold better and had a higher score on PC.This is the best looking game I’ve played so far with my new rig. Ran the game at 40fps on 4k (70+fps on 1440p) with an AMD Ryzen X1700 CPU, 16GB DDR4 and an Nvidia Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition 8GB 256-bit GDDR5 GPU. The ran smoothly with no studdering what so ever, even when things got busy on the screen.The gameplay gets a bit repetitive at times with the hacking and slashing but is presented quite nicely and never feels boring. The story is good, the soundtrack is amazing as well as the voice acting. Unlike Xbox, Steam did justice for this game and I was happy to go along for the ride while playing.The story is on average about 6 to 8 hours. I recommend this game, even at full price at $20. If you can, wait for it to go on sale. Usually it’s about $5. It’s a great deal. Overall I rate this at a 7/10. Just a little above average."
,Recommended,302510,23805011,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Just Some Guy,"This game is about a man that has a fear of touching doors with his hands so he uses his shield and feet.Pro's:Good graphicsGood story i guessCool at firstCons:Very short, got about 3 hours of gameplay (The other hour is AFK)Gameplay gets repetitititive, although the size of the game kinda  makes up for this in a good wayOverall i had fun with this but i'm a bit dissapointed with the length of gameplay but i think if it was any longer i would quit. (So no variety)"
76561198065481662,Recommended,302510,12738744,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Shapeshifting Vampire Man,"I surprisingly really enjoyed this game. I went in with my expectations low, but was happy to find out that the story was good, the gameplay was solid (albeit repetitive), and for my computer it ran pretty well for how it looks. Recommended for anyone who likes over the top roman stuff, or just stabbing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything."
76561198119748150,Not Recommended,302510,18196929,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,thecoletrain128,"Slaying enemies and performing stylish executions is great....for the first 10 mins. Gameplay becomes very repetive early on as the majority of the time the objective is to clear out a certain group of baddies and move on. Visually, the game is great but that doesn't make the overall product a must purchase. Pick it up when it's on sale. Don't bother paying full price."
,Recommended,302510,33867667,Posted: 28 July,all,kirtanloorii,"Okay, so this is a game that surprised me. For the longest time all I ever heard about this game from people has been negative, but I actually really liked it. The only thing that is really a problem is the length, considering that I beat it in 5 hours.Simply put, this is a linear action game where you play as the Roman soldier Marius as he battles with barbarians and corruption in Rome. I actually really liked the story and setting. In my opinion it was good enough to be a movie or at least a show, but it's not very complicated. The acting and directing was great, making you want to see more. As far as gameplay is concerned, it was alright. Nothing to be excited about, as it is very simple and can become quite repetitive. It feels like Batman Arkham lite, but not nearly as good. It would have been so much better had the game allowed me to configure the Xbox controller to pick my own buttons. I would have been better if the counter button was Y instead of A.I can understand people being disappointed at launch because this is clearly not a $60 game. Not even close. I paid $5 for it during a recent sale and I had a great time with it. It's a small package, but well worth it in my opinion. If you are a fan of the ancient Roman setting, the film Gladiator or the show Spartacus, you NEED to give this game a try."
,Not Recommended,302510,12441168,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,nightshade780,"Well there it is, 8.7 hours, and really I think it was more like 8 hours and beat it. The .7 was prob me getting up and a multiplayer match that sucked lol...So the story is very cliche and highly predictable. Yes the hero was awesome, he really rallied the troops with the speeches etc. but the combat was beyond annoying. Once you figure it out it's quite simple, basic rock paper scisors for counter system. ie. guy goes heavy block or doge, guy starts doging you go with bash. It was no fun at all. I jumped on this to teak a break from stalker aliens in vents, and uruk slaying. (beat MESOM as well)I will say I am not a completionist and I am prety much done with the game. Not worth full price at all. I was runing a steady 40 fps, still upset no SLI profile but doesn't matter now as I am done with the game. I might try the multiplayer again but after a few matches players disconected quite often.It was fun for a button masher, so so story, I'd say wait for a 19.99 sale.I actually did not run into any bugs, it went a full straight 8 hours and only thing that happened to me was I got stuck on a rock. But that was my fault. I rolled out of it easily after about 10 tries or so.Hope this helps you decide.update 12/20/14. hah look its 19.99 thats a more reasonable price for this game."
,Recommended,302510,29636831,Posted: 1 February,all,Hybrid,"Ryse is a real fun game with good combat mechanics. The campaign isn't that long but worth running through. The coop is where the game gets really interesting. Stepping into the Arena with a friend to fight together in multiple game modes (objectives, battles, horde etc.). Ryse is very fun and supplies a lot of replay-ability which is key for any coop game. The game has a very nice design, works and plays well with no issue.The biggest flaw that Ryse has is the coop is only two player, I wish had some type of four player coop mode. Not worth the buy unless it's on sale if you're only going to play the campaign. However, highly recommended for anyone looking for a coop game to run around with a friend."
76561198087794419,Recommended,302510,21167429,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION?*Yes, if you're casual gamer who enjoy simple melee combat & like to keeping up combo*No, if you looking for fast-pace & more variaty combat style, ""Devil May Cry"" gameplayGAME DIFFICULTY:*Adjustable on a new gameCOMPLETION TIME:*Around 7 hoursGAME MODE:= Campaign Mode (Linear story)= Gladiator Mode (Co-op 2 players)Arena (Objective by objective)Round to Round (Different reward)Survival (Non-stop coming enemies)Solo (Get full xp, no sharing xp)ENJOYMENT:10/10 Graphic Quality (2014 tech)10/10 Character Design05/10 Enemy Variety08/10 Storyline08/10 Area Encounter (Level design)06/10 Combat System08/10 Music Efficient07/10 Sound System09/10 Lively Animated07/10 Replayability09/10 Bug-free (Technical issue)07/10 Overall for offline gameplay08/10 Overall for online gameplay+Neat & luxury main menu+Ultra high graphic quality!+Dodge & block melee combat+Realistic face expression+Rapid attack while using power+Very good camera angle+Violence & Sexy woman+Female erotic dancers are depicted+Collectable items+Comic & artwork unlockable+Gladiator mode (PvE Horde Mode)+Customize gladiator character+Share power with friend in gladiator mode+Bonus content for gladiator! (Nanosuit from crysis)+Booster packs (items)+Leaderboard+Replay campaign will accumulate XP points for further upgrades-No customize control keys (keyboard & controller)-Combat variation is limited-Enemy variation is limited-Boss fight is tedious-Uninteresting upgrades-Bug (Sometime is hard to pickup things...)MORE INFORMATION:*IGN review score 6.8/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eygoc8H5drMWORTH BUYING?*Yes, if you wanted support & thanks to the developer!*No, if you can wait for 75% during sale in future*It is a good collection for casual gamer*Price history:https://www.steamprices.com/us/app/302510/ryse-son-of-romehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/302510/"
76561198055779562,Recommended,302510,13100437,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,nordique12,Ryse is not perfect but its still a lot of fun. The combat system is very simplistic but satisfying. the story isn't amazing but its still pretty good. The graphics are truly amazing.7.5/10
76561198002794272,Recommended,302510,22416524,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,GoJuRyuDo,"As everybody says the graphics amazing still today one of best looking games. The campaing is short but well made abour 5 hours. The standard combat system you learn fast but there is a burning eagle combat system you can only learn by read VII Hells guide or you are a outstanding player.For me the best 3rd person rome game out there, The price is ok you get a outstanding game but like the price its a bit small.  I wish there would be some improvement in multiplayer like chat system, dedicated servers or a bigger part 2!"
,Recommended,302510,12892756,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NANOHORIZON,"This game earned my favor in combat systems for its simplicity and opportunity. I consider this combat system a lot more fun than previous combat systems.Co op mode is beast, it's right up there with Halo Firefight for me, I like the multiplayer and solo mode in general. It was refreshing to playsomething multiplayer that actually functioned the way it was advertized, for once.The graphics are obviusly stunning, Cry Engine 3. That's all there really is to say about that.The game score is very cinematic and powerful, the audio is good. I like how all the taunting has something to do with♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, being covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mr Lahey would be proud.I like the characters and story a lot, it borrows from others but it takes the best parts. I appreciate the manner of historicity in the game and the humanization of both sides, and the focus on power and corruption being the true antagonist.Only because of the game's length, I would give it an 8.5 out of 10. I would have liked another level or two."
,Not Recommended,302510,12460898,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Who's That?,"I played this game on the most difficult setting (centurion as legendary wasn't available until you beat the game).The game is fun, at least. You get to kill a lot, and some fights are actually kind of difficult. You have to time your parry's or dodge and weigh the benefits over risks when doing either, or when attacking.That being said, the game has 0 replay value and it's 5 hours long. Just 5 hours. I'm pretty disappointed. No I would not recommend this game to people for $40. Only 5 hours of gameplay and only two or three really challenging boss fights.Another issue is you can't skip cutscenes, why would I play the full game on Legendary if I can't skip cutscenes? I don't understand.All that said, this game has a pretty good story but I feel like I wasted $40.It wasn't worth it."
76561198112486038,Recommended,302510,14366709,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Infamous El Guapo,"This game has stunnig graphics.  I have been a gamer for many years but I believe this is possibly the most gorgeous game, in terms of visuals, I have ever played.  Sure it has some flaws, even my favorite game reviewers (Angry Joe and Total Biscuit) hated its repetitive combat and linear gameplay.  I don't care I still bought the game. When I am playing this game I feel like I an action hero (e.g. Russel Crowe in Gladiator or Kevin McKidd in Rome TV Series) playing a lead role and part of a movie.  The cinematic cut scenes are well placed.  The voice acting and the character designs, specially the women (e.g. Spirit of Summer) are top notch.  My only complain really is how short the campaign was.  I really wish this game had a lot more to offer in terms of length of gameplay.  I got this on a discount, so I won't complain that much.  The game adds multiplayer and co op mode that adds extra play time with your friends which is quite neat.  Finally, this game demands a lot on your GPU (in order to appreciate its beauty) and if you are color blind (can't tell which is yellow and blue) you will not get combo points.  Other than that, It is a must buy at a discount."
,Not Recommended,302510,12452808,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dolbaeb pusher,"Crytek, are you even trying?I dont even know where to start. I knew this game wasnt gonna be the best game in the world and i bought it knowing just that, but the dissapointment i have just experienced cannot be described.WHY do you even BOTHER releasing this and calling it a game? It has ZERO gameplay, like seriously. All you do is press Mouse 2, then some Mouse 1, then E and then a ♥♥♥♥ty QTE sequence pops up, and thats basically the ENTIRE game.. Im not even joking when i say the ENTIRE gameplay experience can be achieved within the first 10 min of starting up a new game.I dont even know how its possible for anyone to work at a company that is this lazy and not be constantly depressed and feeling like you are wasting your time, achieving nothing but releasing what is essentially a glorified tech demo with the gameplay features of a 1998 Flash game.On top of this, the story is so uninspired, bare bones and short that an infant would find it inadequate. ""Oh no family is kill, oh no ebil emperor"". Seriously?Now im not gonna say that its not an extremely good looking title, but if you replaced the entire gameplay sequence with a single uninterrupted pre-rendered cut-scene then it would actually be a superior product, even if released at the same price.Its no wonder you are having financial issues if this is truly the best you can do these days, and i actually hope you go bankrupt so that whatever few supressed talents your studio might have may find themselves a studio to work for that respects themselves enough not to release such a stinking pile of ♥♥♥♥ and call it a game."
,Recommended,302510,12475359,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,LexicalS,"Is it worth 40$?Well, it's a bit tricky, it's worth the money, but it's extremely short, 5 hours on hard difficulty -don't even bother playing on any difficulty less than hard, because you'll finish the game in 3~4 hours-.there is no multiplayer, but there is co-op arena which is okay, fun but killing the same enemies over and over again gets boring fast.So, if you're planning on playing the story twice to get all the achievements and have a friend to chat with while you play co-op, yes it's worth the money, if not.. well you might better hold off until there is a sale on it.Still there is a big question, what is your graphics card ? -If it's anyless than 670, then NO don't buy it, because the most amazing thing in the game are the visuals and if you can't have those, then it's just not worth it, but if you have a 670 on anything above that, and again you plan on playing the story few times and do co-op, then yes, a 40$ is an okay if not a fair price."
,Recommended,302510,30599517,Posted: 18 March,all,TrevorDFox,"Never played or curious? Then watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka6oBZEk4Z4&t=25sDo you know a game that when we start to play thinking: Just 30 minutes, Is late, and I need wake up early. When I notice, I was 4 hours later playing because I just wanted to know what is going on in the game story, get more XP points to up my level and curious about multiplayer... That morning I woke up feeling like a Zombie!!Ryse is a third-person action-adventure hack and slash with awesome scenery, environment, music, story graphics and effects. Tecnically this game is impressive. Certainly you will feel the ""new generation"" here.The gameplay is totally easy to learn and addicted. However repetitive. It isn't a problem. because in this game have something magic that hold you to keep fighting against your enemy hordes. Execute an enemy is very very satisfactory.Ryse needs a medium configuration to run apropriatelly. Avoid it if your rig don't have a graphics card with less 2 GB (it's possible but I really recommend to avoid it). 4 core processor and 4 GB of system memory probably will run with relative health.Unfortunately Ryse is a short game, but you have a lot o things to do, like collect itens (to reveal more of story and lore of the game.) and a coop multiplayer. It's not easy find someone online. but my friend and me sometimes played together to just ""relax""."
,Recommended,302510,13063165,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,{PHSN} s3bsta,"Brilliant story and absolute stunner graphically as anybody knows with Crytek. Ignore the haters who are just hating on Crytek and by extension Ryse. If you've ever wanted to experience a video game equivalent of Gladiator - this is it. The gameplay is hack and slash and while the moves are limited depending on your execution the important thing is it's fun and and easy to pick and play.While it invites comparisons to a video game version of Gladiator, the story and music is entirely it's own and feels totally unique including the main character. The combat is absolutely brutal, fluid satisfying.I enjoyed this so much I replayed the whole thing on Legendary right after finishing it. If you enjoy any sort of 3rd person hack and slash games, you'll most likely enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,302510,22559725,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"It's one of those ambivalent projects, ""take good with the bad"", and, moreso, the pillar of what games Crytek studio are good for - visually brilliant, full of pathos and gore games about killing people because they shot at as.To be brief, I'll go the standard pro/contra way:+ the visuals, the options of graphical excellence. Rome and Breton forests are surely looks grand. The faces in the prolonged cutscenes are so natural, that feels like alive actors. The movement of all characters, both in cutscenes and gameplay, is fluid to the point I believe I see where Crytek have spended money from their ""secret benefactor"" (M-soft).+/- the battle system is generally not bad, despite all things you might have heard about notorious QTE. I kinda liked the thing with blocking without prompts - far cry from that I've usually see in games like Assassin's Creed - there you'll be actually taking alot of hits on your back unless you'll learn the curve with dodging and blocking. The thing I must urge you to there, if you are just going to start the game - don't go with cheesy ""easy"" and ""normal"" difficulty levels, as there enemies won't be fair with you. Go right for the hard level, to feel at least Some challenge on your way.+/- the story is... tolerable. It is not even close to the historical reality, but the fact that Nero was quite the SOB. I'd preferred something less stocked with cheap poignancy, we're all so full of with games of Call of Duty series. And I'd preferred something more prolonged and more close to reality I'm familiar with. So far, the Crytek's Rome is purely whimsical. Ubisoft, for instance, made much better work with implementing their assassins into medieval era...- the optimisation of the PC version is awful, though. Even loathsome sometimes. Like the boss fight with the giant horny-headed man, heavily based on the QTE moments - the stage of the game, where my framerate dropped that badly that the game was not registering the inputs I was performing during that QTE. That reminded me of the Tomb Raider'13, which I played right after release - and was killed by the AlphaWolf 50+ times, even knowing exactly what to do... controls were simple not responding correctly because of the drop in the framerate. Well, Tomb Raider was fixed after some time, and framerate become much more stable... unlike Ryse. No, it's not that bad, as with the latest Batman game, but surely the port to the PC could have been performed much better.Overall, my mark will be 6/10. I see the worthy stuff in the Ryse, but it's simply not enough to make the really good playtime - unless you're one of the Call-of-Duty-type-of-game admirers, of course. As for me, I don't really like the latest Crytek agenda, which goes as ""people will buy anything crappy, if they'll see good graphics"". I admire Crytek engine, but engine alone not doing the game great. Speaking of Ryse, it's the console project, which played its part with the start of XBox One, and which might look cool into VR goggles... As of its PC port, it's bad.So far, if I want a modern slasher, I'd better go with the Shadow of Mordor, as it gives me much more diverse gameplay than Ryse - with various enemy behaviors (and skins), better challenges and level designs. And less of that ""protect the Civilization"" limped imperialistic ethos, I'm so full of already."
76561198112884688,Recommended,302510,32810539,Posted: 26 June,all,Ooooo....,Absolutely barbaric
76561198060203956,Recommended,302510,26472616,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Metsakurat,"It looks amazing! It sounds amazing! It plays amazing!StoryYou play as Marius, a roman legionary*.You start his story right after he has completed his training. He returns home as a soldier before leaving Rome to serve his duty holding a post in peaceful Alexandria.Before his deployment the barbarians siege Rome and kill his family. He showed great skills defending Rome that day. Marius was then transferred to the XIV Legion.As you progress in the game, you will see how Marius gets promoted to Centurion and starts leading missions against the savage barbarians.GameplaySome people claim that Ryse: Son of Rome is a QTE(quick-time event) fest.That is a lie.Son of Rome plays like Darksiders, Arkham series, Prince of Persia, Devil May Cry etc when it comes to combat. Unlike the rest of the games with this kind of gameplay Son of Rome has no platforming.The combat is a bit more original in my humble opinion.. Most of the games in this genre play out like this (playing with the xbox 360 controller): X - weak attack, Y - strong attack, B - roll away, A - jump over opponents, RT - auto execution.Now Son of Rome plays out like this: X - attack, Y - push, A - block, B - roll away, LT+RT - throw javeline,  RB - focus power (slows down time and let's you go into a frenzy), RT - QTE execution. You can actually execute enemies. In other games you just press RT and watch an animation. This kind of QTE use is the good kind of QTE use because it actually lets you participate in the executions.Otherwise the game is very linear. You're basically running down hallways. There are couple of places with different pathways you can take and secret little rooms and such where you can find some collectables but otherwise a very linear game. However no place looks alike. The game is very detailed. You visit some unique, colourful and just stunningly beautiful places. Every piece of terrain is amazingly detailed and a joy to look at. Not just that but if you have decent speakers or a good gaming headset thenyou will feel like you're sitting in a theatre.The game has amazing sound effects and supreme voice acting.The camapign took me about 6h to finish on the hard difficulty but i'd saythe game is worth the full price. Yes, it's short but how good the journey was is way more important than the length of the journey. I feel like most games just drag the story out way too much.There are of course co-op modes to play with friends. There is quite a good variety of maps to play in co-op. Only 2 modes tho: Survival and missions.Finding a co-op partner is very easy. I tried finding one at random times and the maximum amount of time I had to wait was like 2 minutes or so.Conclusion: Ryse: Son of Rome is an amazing ride!*Legionary - The ancient roman soldier who served in the legion.Legionnaire - a “modern” legionary."
76561198052259564,Not Recommended,302510,15483891,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Damale,"First off, there's a very simple explanation to why I don't recommend this game. I DO like Ryse: Son of Rome and here's why and the reason to me not recommending this game:Ryse: Son of Rome is a really beautiful and graphically stunning game! It runs pretty smooth and controls are pretty good, though some small improvement could be made.The storyline in the campaign seems intriguing from first glance and you get to kill lots and lots of barbarians with blood all over the place!Though, I quickly lost interest as it feels like you just have to slaughter endless hordes of barbarians of increasing difficulty, you get new moves to execute them with and it looks great.And now for the multiplayer part...Team up with a buddy or a random person in arena mode. You can choose between a few game modes depending if you want a small coop mission or battle against time, to see how far you will get. There are quite a lot of awesome looking arenas to choose from with each their own mission and tasks you have to handle to get through the course.But thats it.You unlock either a sword or a shield by fighting for one of four goods and then you earn credit to buy packs with gear and when you grind your way up to a higher level, you'll get access to a new tier of item sets.By the time you get to tier III, you've memorized every single arena, as you've been tediously grinding through all of them and now you're less than halfway to the best item tier.6.5 hours was enough for me, so I moved on to another game..Before you say ""6.5 hours is nothing, you haven't even finished the storyline!""... No.. I haven't.. I didn't find it entertaining anymore after that time, but I'd really wish it would be entertaining after that point, as I simply love the graphics and the way you fight the enemies. Got several hundreds of hours in several different games and I find it heartbreaking that a decently polished game like Ryse: Son of Rome won't ever be able to give me that level and amount of entertainment.To sum it up:If you want an arena game you can play with a friend and just mindlessly slaughter barabarians, this is for you.If you like a more diverse game with more options, strategy and possibilities, have a look at other games."
,Recommended,302510,23937755,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Malignity,I thouroughly enjoyed this game. It has a good strong narration. It has solid gameplay. It is a bit short but makes up for it in quality. I highly recommed it!
,Recommended,302510,22616393,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,AbedsBrother,"Hack. Slash. Shield bash. Repeat. That's Ryse: Son of Rome in a nutshell. The more I tried to objectively assemble a list of positives and negatives, the more I realized that Ryse has little unique to offer (those graphics, though!). However, there is real promise in several areas, and I had fun in an arcade-y way (hence the recommendation). Ryse is worth a purchase at 75% off or more, but certainly not at full price.You canview the game's opening here.What's to like:+  The graphics for sure. If you have a killer rig and want an awesome-looking game to showcase your hardware, this is your game. The developers didn't phone in the backdrops, either: the vistas are huge, the backdrops extensive. The undergrowth in Britain is deep, detailed and lush. The water looks like real water, not shiny, shifting, reflective plastic. 	 	    Character detail is superb, though facial animations still look just a bit stiff.+  The voice acting is great, and carries the game at many points. Everyone delivers a superb performance (player-character Marius and npc Vitallion are both stand-outs).+  The story has emotional impact, though if you're at all a fan of the time-period, the careless mixing of old and new legends will probably annoy instead of satisfy. Still, it's enough to keep you moving forward.+  The soundtrack is a decent emulation of Zimmer's Gladiator score (not surprising).+  The combat is slick and swift, and easy for newcomers.+  A lot of effort clearly went into designing the two-player co-operative multiplayer; there are at least a dozen maps and four game modes. It's a lot of fun to team up with someone and slay enemies in the arena, but matchmaking is not that good at the moment, if a match can be found at all.+  Well-optimized (for Radeon, anyway). In an era of increasingly shoddy PC ports, Ryse ran great on my moderate hardware (A10 6800k + 2GB R7 260X); I averaged around 50fps @1080p Medium settings.And now, the not-so-awesome stuff.-  Linear as hell. Rome may look awesome in the distance, but you can't go there.-  While the story works, even the slightest bit of historical research will reveal there is nothing even approaching “accuracy”. If you were hoping for a cool Roman-era hack'n slash, you'll get it. Historically accurate? Nope. Just a mix of the cool stuff.-  No real large-scale payoff to the story. Marius has closure, no question. But the larger implications – including that he was somehow an instrument of the gods – are never addressed. We just get these god-figures who appear at the end (and are glimpsed throughout) with some decent speeches about purpose, rules, and Rome, and that's it.-  Combat is limited and repetitive. Hack, slash, shield-bash, repeat. Maybe dodge here and there. It definitely bored me by the sixth chapter (out of eight). A missed opportunity to maybe dual-wield swords, or have a spear and shield, but nope. A sword and shield the entire game.-  Staying with combat for a minute, finishing moves are a QTE-fest. I don't mean every few minutes; every other second you're performing some kind of QTE. I suppose this was easier than programming more complicated forms of combat.-  I loved some of the contextual battle choices – where to deploy your archers, advancing on a line of archers in the testudo formation. But these are under-used, and offer little variation.-  Upgrade skills are ridiculously cheap. I've played enough of the Batman Arkham games to be able to string together a 35-hit combo without much trouble. A big enough combo and correctly-completed QTEs grants tons of “honor” points that are used to level up. If the game were harder, upgrading would have meant more...-  ...perhaps. Aside from new execution animations, the upgrades didn't seem to have much effect.Ryse: Son of Rome is a linear hack'n slash that will satisfy in short bursts, but anyone looking for deep gameplay andanycustomization will be disappointed. The potential is there to be something truly great, but sadly that potential remains unrealized."
,Not Recommended,302510,28783746,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pirateguybrush,"While it's very pretty, there's not much to this one - I gave up a few hours in out of boredom.  Combat is repetitive, easy and unengaging (on the hardest difficulty), the story is a pretty standard revenge trope, and the main character is a cookie cutter grizzled angry dude.  I also got tired of fighting the same 4 enemy types with almost no variation.Don't bother."
,Recommended,302510,34461411,Posted: 24 August,all,Persnikitty,"The game actually tells the story of a Roman centurion, called Marius, which is followed by quick-time events and cinematic view in story line. Crytek which is known for their natural aptitude in making games original way, clearly tried to make best out of Ryse, too. Unfortunately there are some environmental restrictions which didn't allow the team to do their best.First of all, this is not a new Devil May Cry or whatever someone would call a ""Hack and Slash"" game. Well, if you are looking after a pure game to extend gameplay while you make progress, Ryse is not the game you want. The game has some serious problems with gameplay mechanics. There are sometimes broken and player may not sense the fulfilment at all after playing this game, which clearly vindicates the game's length.Graphics are insane, event about 4 years after the first release. The PC version of Ryse, also offers the full experience which two paid Gladiator mode DLC's are included. Gladiator mode which includes several Co-op game types is dead already, but worths to try out if you have a friend to play with.Ryse is not a true H&S or a pure action experience. It suffers from so many shortages, ""but"" considring the price tag, it would be a good pick for anybody who is seeking after a short and great looking experience."
76561198043053799,Not Recommended,302510,23969076,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,holychair,"At first I thought I had discovered a real gem here: The game looks great, the ""Rome"" theme is very much to my liking and the combat is straightforward yet strangely addictive.But having read other ""helpful"" reviews I had actually bought the game for the story - and this sadly is utter crap, really. While it's totally ok for me that a game like this does not try to be historically accurate, the devs seem to not have cared in the slightest about cooking up something at least remotely plausible.E.g. the story is supposed to occur at a time when Rome firmly ruled most of the then known world from England to Egypt, yet the devs *also* insisted on including the concept of barbarian raids on Rome, the very center of the empire - a concept, which applies to either much earlier or much later times. And even then these raids are  handled cringe-worthy as you wouldn't believe: Stereotypical ""barbarians"" from England (of all places!) make incursions into the city of Rome, wreaking havoc at will, with the city and its inhabitants seemingly being totally surprised and unprepared. The ""barbarians"" do not even have to lay siege first, they just walk in when everyone is going about their daily business and begin to smash everything to pieces.Another example: Once our hero arrives at the shores of England, the Roman fleet encounters heavy coastal fortifications. The ""barbarians"" got huge stone towers which operate a long metal chain - like the famous chain at Constantinople which prevented enemy fleets from entering the Golden Horn. An impressive feat for barbarians which the game otherwise chose to rather portray like cavemen! Anyway, the chain does not only prevent the Roman fleet from getting ashore. Nosiree: it also puts the fleet in danger of sinking because the ships seemingly can't but crash onto it. Thus Marius' first task in in England is to get to the huge tower and operate the chain before the whole Roman fleet is getting destroyed ...There's alot more stuff like this making it utterly impossible for anyone even remotely interested in the subject to suspend disbelief.So, no, I can't recommend this, I'm sorry. Well, maybe if you're just interested in the graphics and the fighting and if you *really* don't give a damn about historical plausibilty at all, you might give it a try at the current price tag of 5 bucks. But everyone else stay away like I  wish I had.Edit: In the meantime I uninstalled, but not before noticing another thing (also mentioned in other negative reviews), namely that whether you're in Rome or England, there's the same four basic enemies over and over. Though I liked the moveset and flow of the fighting itself (even the QTE finishers), it sadly get's very repetitive very fast because of this lack in enemy variety."
76561197977616900,Recommended,302510,12468400,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dinger,PositiveAmazing settingsGood graphicsIntuitive combat systemCoop/MP progression and unlocks which result in high replayabilityDecent story/characters (but mp is where the fun is at imho)NegativeLimited steam functionality (players don't show up on the steam overlay)No text/voice chat (a big downside)Combat might seem repetitive to some after a while (although I personally don't feel that way)Bottom line: A very rewarding hack'n'slay-style game which will keep you entertained for as long as you want it to.
,Recommended,302510,12946115,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dorsosaurus,"""THIS IS SPARTA!!!"" Wait, wrong time period. ""ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!?"" Eh, close enough. Ryse: Son of Rome is a fantastic game with great story telling, fantastic voice acting, stunning graphics (even for a console port), a good soundtrack, awesome combat, great boss fights, the visuals are stunning and beautiful, the cut scenes are very entertaining, and multiplayer is very fun. Many people complained that the game has to much fighting, but that is why I really love this game. The fighting is fantastic! Another reason people may not like this game is because of the historical inaccuracys, but I play a video game to play a video game, NOT sit in another history class. The only thing I really saw that I dislike about this game is all the bugs. Overall though, I really enjoyed this game"
76561198025125499,Recommended,302510,12649198,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Byzantine,"I didn't have an xbox one when this game came out and I don't have one now . But since I saw it , I wanted to play it . This  port is amazing . Despite all the prejudice about the pc port being awful and the game in general being awful , I decided to buy it anyway and I am very happy with my choice .  The controls are good even for keyboard and mouse , the graphics are amazing and the story , personally , really drew me in . Of course you have the classic historical inaccuracies but these things annoy only people like me (annoy very little of course) . The voice acting is superb and the motion capture of the faces is a work of art . This game is NOT a QTE fest as the ""haters"" keep suggesting , if anything it offers classic , enjoyable hack and slash gameplay and tops it off with gory and awe inspiring executions . What more could anyone want ? Also , it is worth noting that the game itself is very well optimized , letting me play in smooth fps whilst I had a GeForce GT 635M graphic card and a 4Gb RAM . So despite its amazing graphics which lead to fear for performance etc , even older builds can handle it . Of course I am not suggesting ALL older builds can and research has to be made before the purchase . In addition , the soundtrack is epic and the multiplayer offers coop fun with friends in challenging hostile environments which require team work in order to win .                                                                     Overall , Crytech outdid themselves on this game and in its pc port as well .Visuals : 10/10Gameplay : 9/10Controls : 9/10Story :8,5 / 10Audio : 10/10Voice Acting : 9,5/10"
,Recommended,302510,29673734,Posted: 3 February,all,RAGE,"Great story, nice graphics but sometimes can be repetitive. Finished the game anyway and would still recommend!"
,Recommended,302510,33883827,Posted: 29 July,all,The Specter,"A great single player game, but it can be hard of even mid level systems. The game has a multiplayer, but it is hard to keep a connection if playing with a person with a lower end rig. I recommend the game for people looking for a single player game not for it's multiplayer."
,Recommended,302510,35251733,Posted: 27 September,all,Jakaryy,"The Good Stuff++The executions. The definitive highlight of this game... brutal and pleasuring!+Good amount of Roman history and mythology throughout the game (Sometimes inaccurate... Damocles I'm looking at you)+A beautiful world and environment with great graphics (2014)+A good story of vengeance and warfare, nothing spectacular or worth writing home about+Little bit of strategy thrown in throughout as a commanding Centurion+Multiplayer is still somewhat active, check out the Community Hub discussions to find a friend for some Co-op actionThe Ok Stuff=Character development is decent, but nothing too deep or enough to fully judge someone besides your initial impression of them=Boss battles are a nice twist in gameplay however all of them use the same 2 or 3 moves and they're easy to counter within a few seconds=Although there are collectibles (90) in the game, the levels are still very linear and negate you from wanting to explore and find themThe Bad Stuff-Very repetitive gameplay that unfortunately never gets anymore complex than when you initially start-Any section involving a scorpio is very bland and makes you feel even more of a demigod than you basically already are-Some levels are glorious and full of action and gore, while others who appear to be the same (i.e. Pax Romanus) lack a lot of vigor and might to them, and become not so exciting-MINOR SPOILER ALERT!The script seems like it had a time limit because it's pretty good but then suddenly feels very rushed and falls apart near the end for a very Hollywood-esque ending.TL:DRDemigod meets Rome meets hack 'n slash.The Truthful Hard FactsAcquirement MethodSteam StorePrice Paid$4.99 on saleLength5-8 hoursRig UsedMain ComputerThe Elaborate and Perplexing Scoring System10. Overdraw your bank account if needed9. Buy this at your next earliest convenience8. The dictionary definition of ""Good""7. Shirley you won't be disappointed, and don't call me surely6. A good worthwhile purchase that you should give a chance5. You may like it bro, you may not like it bro4. Probably should pass on this swiftly3. Not a complete waste of my time thankfully2. This was more of a waste of time than my ex the 3rd time1. Press F to Pay RespectsRanked #8 on my Personal Favorites ListCheck out my Steam group for more Reviews!STEAM REVIEWS GROUP!"
,Not Recommended,302510,19420732,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,somebody336,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a Hack and Slash set in a fictional universe in where a giant horde of barbarians have fought their ways into Rome itself. You play as Marius Titus who is a centurion defending Rome and guides his emperor into a safe place then Marius decides to tell him his life's story for some reason. We are transported back in time when Marius has just become a Roman solider and is visiting his father in his villa. After a quick sparring match with your father, things quickly go wrong and events unfold that kick off the barbarian uprising. You will be searching for vengeance from then on and will spend most of this game fighting hordes of enemies. Which is where the game falls flat on it's face and is made unenjoyable due to a bad combat system. You have a button for shield bashing through their guard and one to attack with a sword. Switching between the two makes it harder for them to dodge, allowing you to get bigger combos. Combos are broken when you are hit, though enemies start moving in slow-mo when they are about to attack so it is insanely easy to press the block button on time. You can also roll but it is made useless due to you being able to block even heavy attacks if timed right.Damaging an enemy enough will allow you to preform a QTE execution in where they glow in the color of the button you are supposed to press and are violently killed in slow-mo. While awesome the first few times, it quickly gets old since there are few animations and it interrupts fights due to being invulnerable all throughout while the other enemies just stand by and watch their friend meet a violent death. You will be able to switch from one of four perks that grant you different benefits like dealing more damage or healing yourself after each execution. Even if you press the wrong button during the execution, it will continue the animation regardless and the only downside will be that you get a bit less points. It is like an incredibly boring game of 'Simon Says' where you can't lose. While you don't have to do executions that would result in having to hit the damage spongey enemies some more, instead of quickly killing them off. Sounds like a minor complaint but after so much non-stop “action” I just wanted the fights to end as quickly as possible due to the boredom they bring. I never felt even slightly threatened in a game with a ton of savage barbarians wiping the floor with your once great Empire. That is mostly caused by how over powered  you are, enough that it makes you think why does Rome even have an army when they can send Marius to murder all their enemies while not even breaking a sweat.That may as well be the case since all your fellow Roman allies are useless in battle. They will not help you in any way, shape or form and will more likely than not get dominated by a tribesman with neither armor or training. At times you will be able to “command” them to form a defensive formation and make your way through a volley of arrows. Sounds a lot cooler than it actually is, you will pretty much be slowly walking in a straight line and blocking when arrows approach. Another form of “commanding” your units pops up sometimes where you can pick one of two options like telling your archers to shoot an approaching siege tower or to shoot the catapults that are pelting you with stone instead. The only way I can see someone losing this game is by not defending their legion well enough and their health bar depletes. For ranged attacks you can carry a few pilums that will kill most enemies in a single hit. You can take your time and aim it or you can quickly throw it mid-fight which is far more likely to miss your target. The game randomly takes away your pilums after story sections and it frequently results in you having to collect more just in case you ever want to use them. No real need to since Marius is so overpowered but it is the only other weapon in the game so you may as well break up the monotony of your normal sword & shield. Turret sections are also present in this game and they come in the form of a ballista that automatically reloads itself somehow.Getting combos and performing executions will net you points which can be used to buy more execution animations, carry more pilums or to increase your health. Strangely enough you will be able to afford every single one of them by the second level and the very last upgrades well take you the rest of the game to unlock simply due to not being level 7 or you can easily afford those to. I'm guessing it has something to do with the included dlc that comes bundled with the PC version. Bosses are pretty much the same as regular enemies but with a new skin and much more health. You deal with them by blocking their attacks at the right moment to break their guard and slowly chipping off their health. They are no fun to fight though the set pieces in where you fight them are impressive to say the least. One boss in particular took way to long to finish off. Every time you deplete his health bar he would get back up in a “haha not dead yet!” manner, time and time again.Story is forgettable and uninteresting for the most part. There is a few cool parts when they show things from the barbarian's point of view but never amounts to anything. The story feels a bit jumbled since you are playing through what is a tale of Marius's life and are traveled from one location to another instantly. It's not a bad story and it does it's job but don't go into this game expecting a engrossing tale.  Or a decent ending for that matter, I can't state the reasons why it is awful but it comes off as totally unnecessary and dumb. It is really best to turn off your brain and treat it like an action film all throughout. Characters themselves are memorable and excellently voice acted. Where Ryse really shines is in the graphics. Everything looks stunning, from the slums of Rome to the carefully animated jiggle of a fat barbarian's man boob. I mainly purchased this game as a benchmark test of sorts and in that regard it did not disappoint. Every level is filled with cool set-pieces to awe at and you can't help but just stare at everything for a while even if someone currently wants to rip your face off. Enemy variety is really low and since each character is so detailed and different from one another it is very noticeable you are fighting the same batch of enemies over and over again. Unfortunately the levels are all extremely linear and inconsistent. At times Marius can leap very high into the air and at others he can't vault over a waist high fence. That leads to feeling a bit of confusion as to where the game wants you to go next though they do put a giant cursor to point the way if you take long enough.In addition to the campaign there is a gladiator mode where you and another player can fight side by side against enemies. What is rather cool is that you start off with simple loin cloth and a helmet but as you win matches and money you can purchase more and more items to customize your gladiator. Before the start of each match you can pick which of four gods is your patron for different benefits like extra damage or better aim. During matches the crowd will either grow bored or hyped depending on how well you do and it is in your best interest to keep them entertained as you get a nice cash bonus for your troubles. Sadly this mode felt boring as soon as I tried it since it is still the same combat mechanics from the base game with executions animations and all. After 6 hours of a campaign where you spent the huge majority of the time fighting I've had enough of this game's terrible combat by that point. When all is said an done Ryse: Son of Rome feels like a heartless game with amazing graphics, animations and music but fails to have either an interesting story or fun gameplay. Unless you want a tech demo this is a game you can safely pass on."
,Recommended,302510,23957391,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,bearisland,"Im not really sure whats going on in this game but as far as i can tell it takes place after the brexit vote and everybody in britian is either a dead peasent or a barbarian who politley waits as you do a ""wicked cool"" execution on one of their friends. Then boudica comes outa knowhere and you smack her and then for some reason let her escape but then shes in a forest and has some relation to this fat guy and you take britain or something like that.It okay."
,Recommended,302510,30904801,Posted: 2 April,all,TeddyStyle,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third person hack and slash game situated in the Roman Times. More specific you would be looking at around 50 AD.  Ryse: Son of Rome has been described as an underrated game and when I look at it I can understand where it comes from. With this quality it should get more attention than it gets. Let's dig deeper into the game.The story is set in Rome and Great Britian between presumably 10 and 100AD. The main protagonist is Marius Titus which is in the beginning of the game a great general looking back with the emperor on his journey to this exact point. Shorter said 90% of the video game is a flashback. His journey consists of serving the fourteenth legion and witholding the British Rebellion in Great Britian. Seeming as the emperor and his sons even worsened the conflict Rome eventually get's attacked. It is Marius his duty to serve Rome and also fulfill his legend. Although I do not enjoy flashback stories as much this story had a couple of layers that became clearer and clearer as we played on. For someone who enjoys Roman history this was a great history lesson.The graphics of this game are absolutely stunning. It is directly noticable they spent a lot of time on their cinematics and their graphics. Whenever a cinematic plays it feels like you are watching a movie with real people. Aside from the eyes it looks almost realistic. Since the graphics are this good it can cause for some laggy cutscenes if your computer is not fit for it.The combat system is somewhat unique and comes along with a handful of different executions. You have deflects, pushing (with the shield), normal attacks and a combat roll to safety. Aside from your health bar you have a focus bar which when filled up enough (at least 2 bars) you can slow time and Marius attacks are twice as fast. Continuing about executions, there is a reason that there are so many aside for showcasing. After an execution you regain health favor, gain damage or experience depending on which one selected. The combat system sounds straight forward but eventually the bosses get a difficulty spike which requires you to strategise more against them instead of just slashing till they drop.Aside from the melee combat you can also command a Roman legion on multiple occasions. This includes walking in a formation, choosing to hold shields up or to throw spears. But throwing spears only works on archer units for some reason. I was in a formation and somehow a melee unit spawned, wasn't supposed to spawn, and I kept trying to throw pila at it or breaking the formation but neither worked.A big downfall to this game is that controller is mandatory in most cases. There are no reapplicable controls, you are left with two control scemes. One where you move with classic wasd or one with arrow keys as movement which seems as it is only applicable for left handed gamers. Let me explain my personal case, I do not own a qwerty keyboard which is not the standard in Belgium, for some peculiar reason. And on my keyboard neither of these seem to work. But switching to controller is worth it in any case really, up to now I have never seen someone play this without a controller. It is pretty amazing for this game however there is no option to turn vibration off which is bad for my unrechargable batteries.In the multiplayer you are sent into the arena as an regular fighter with the option to go into the arena alone or with another player. The goal is to survive as long as possible with a sort of backstory behind it like barbarians taking rome or you trying to take rome back, scenarios like that. In the beginning you can choose a god to worship with each a different regen and a focus attack. This opens up for a whole new type of executions, co-op executions. I really enjoyed the multiplayer but I can see that it would not be appealing to anybody as an pvp 1v1 arena fight might be.In the end this game exceeded my expectations in terms of almost anything except the combat could be a little more advancer instead of focusing on creating as many executions as possible. If you are a fan of the setting of the Roman Empire or If you like a combat game with a decent challenge take a look at this it might be worth your while."
,Recommended,302510,23451923,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Pride Chicken☭,Good GraphicsGood StoryGood gameplayWe need more games like this...Poor OptimizationThe system requirments below are SCAMEven my Powerful Rig suffers from low FPS and♥♥♥♥♥♥..I Need to tweak it a little bit to make the game Playable
,Recommended,302510,12686753,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dimi,"I must admit I had already no expectations on this game. I thought it would be a bad console port so I thought about skipping this. I didn't and here is my opinionThe good:- awesome graphics. This one is one of the most beatifull games available currently. That's no surprise since Crytek are known for great graphic engines.- the soundtrack is very good. It matches perfectly the setting. While trying to preserve the byzantine touch with the guitar it still is very modern and supports the overall orientalic touch of the setting.- Tight story. Storytelling seemed not to be one of Cryteks strength in the past but this story is not only very good, it's also perfectly told through the game.The bad:- The game is kinda short. While Crytek tried to stretch the length with the cutscenes (which isn't a bad thing in this game) it feels very short. When you start playing this game and the deeper you dive into the story you feel like taking part in a movie and therefore expect to be taken completely into the world of it. While Ryse: SoR succeeds to take you into its world the game ends exactly where it could take you just a bit further to stay in your memory for a long time.The ugly:- The game is VERY, VERY repetitive. The executions and finishing moves are fun the 1st, 2nd and 3rd time. In fact they are really awesome for about half an hour. After that they are simply boring. The fights are always the same. Only the setting changes. While the fights are the most important part in an action game this breaks the whole game down. After one hour I stopped playing on normal difficulty to start the whole game over on Centurion difficulty and finished the game easily. It's just about timing. You could stand on the same place in every fight as long as you time your dodge and block attack.With that beeing said, I would definitely recommend this game as soon as it is on sale. It's one of the most beatifull games due to the awesome graphics, the perfect atmosphere and setting and the great soundtrack. On the other hand great visuals don't make a good game. It has a very linear level design and repetitive fighting mode.Don't be misleaded by the recommendation button. I could also press the ""don't recommended"" button. I thing this game is one of those who deserve a third option between positive and negative review like a 50%-50% button."
76561198039111870,Not Recommended,302510,19178811,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,nicoblaster[Garcia],I got this game on sale for about thirty dollars. That turned out to be one of the biggest wastes of money I have ever spent. The game was so bad I made myself play through the whole thing to teach myself a lesson on blindly buying games. The combat was absurdly repetitive. The enemy AI borderline idiotic. Its use of history...let's just say creative. All in all 4/10 for the reduced price.
,Recommended,302510,22138667,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Poopieface_TomatoNose,In short -This game is for you if:- you like gladiator- you like roman soldiers- you like cut thraots- you think you can do it better than MaximusThis game is not for you if:- you expect 2003927199 hours of game story- you care about a super deep combat system- you expect a roleplaying game- you hate crytek/engine- you need a hamster to energize your slow-low spec pc- you want a replayable gamenuff said - i like it :D
,Recommended,302510,31682644,Posted: 11 May,all,MDuh,"Really loved the appearance and atmosphere of this game despite the shallow combat mechanics and unnecessary RPG elements on this game. This game has perfectly captured the feel of rome and each level is different so the experience isn't stale despite the repetitive combat.Combat was like arkham city/sleeping dogs but is waaaaaaaaaaaaaay more simpler as there is basically 4 move to it: light and heavy attacks, bash, dodge, counter. Because of this, boss fights are just a grind to do since you just need to perform 1 or 2 variation to successfully land and attack. Also I believe that there are situations where you can't block or evade an attack because 2 enemies simultaneously attacks you and the game has no 2 simultaneous blocks even though you can have dual executions.Because if the lame combat, I fancied the Plot more which was kinda nice. The start was kinda cliched where you are the son of a great general, then your family gets killed but gets better as the story progressed.The Cutscenes on this game is probably the best I have seen, not only with it's quality, but it is quite lengthy. Since I liked the more, I really didn't mind that cutscenes probably took 20% of my total gametime.Graphics was superb despite it being unplayable out of the box. You need to launch this game via big picture mode to get a more consistent performance. Animations and Voice acting was top notch."
,Recommended,302510,28770135,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shampod,loving this game. Grapchis is just awesome. And love the fighting style.
,Recommended,302510,13513699,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Alias,"This game though a console port is really great especially if you are a fan of great visuals, a short but interesting story and non complicated controls and a linear gameplay. Don't be fooled by the lot of negative reviews. The game is one of the gems of 2014 for PC gaming especially if you have a medium to high rig.The Roman empire time setting has been captured beautifully with lots of gore , limb butchering and furious battles with a slick presentation. Hoping more games of this time period come out in the future!+ Super Graphics+ Slick Presentation+ Great cinematics+ Good voice acting+ Music+ Story- Reuse of enemy models- Game controls especially dodge and spear throwing could have been better"
,Recommended,302510,29946481,Posted: 15 February,all,Smooth Criminal,10/10 movieGameplay 6/10Story 8/10Graphics 10/10Soundtrack 8.5/10Boob Physics 11/10For 5usd (was on special) cant really complain.Great game
,Not Recommended,302510,24411511,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"I can appreciate a short dumb action game but Ryse really does nothing interesting and is as shallow as a puddle of water. Yes the graphics look nice but performance is all over the place and animations can be bizarrely jerky with terrible transitions.As for the gameplay, do you like Batman style combat? Are you okay with doing nothing but that against 5 total enemy types with QTE finishes for each one? If that sounds like a good six hours then maybe Ryse is right for you.The upgrade system is a boring joke and the story is laughable. This isn't the worst game in the world but I honestly can't think of a single thing it does right. It feels like a Roman version of an Xbox 360 era game where developers pushed spectacle over gameplay and forgot about making games actually fun.C-"
,Recommended,302510,29677519,Posted: 3 February,all,(s.i.e),It's very beautifully made but as others have stated before the gameplay was very repetitive.This game is a good example of the worst kind of next gen game that relies mostly on good looks to come by.It did have my attention though.
,Recommended,302510,12934727,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,VII Hells,I love the combat system in this game. When you enter burning eagle mode you become a God. I definitely got my $40 out of it that's for sure. I just hope it gets enough support that Crytek releases a sequel.
,Recommended,302510,24763817,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Borracho,"Brilliant, old school hack n' slash fun. Ideal for a couple of afternoons when you want to completely disconnect from any cerebral concept of gaming. AAA+ production values as an added bonus."
,Recommended,302510,12460101,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,STREN6TH_N_HONOR,"If you liked the movie Gladiator, you will love this game. This is probably the best looking game on PC. The story is engaging, the visuals stunning, the music score is epic, combat is more brutal than Shadow of Mordor (but gets slightly repetitive), and the voice acting is Oscar class. This game is worth every penny of the $40 it costs. If you love the Roman era and love an action packed adventure, then this epic game is for you. Enjoy. :)"
,Recommended,302510,26005627,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Zito,The graphics are so good that I started to notice a few glitches in real life.
76561198007142028,Recommended,302510,22739227,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,The Beav,"I wiould give this game a solid 7 out of 10 for the following reasons:-Story is nothing to write home about (fact or creative wise), but it kept me interested and riveted for the amount of time it toolk to finish (11 Hrs)  I was actually interested in Marius' story and wanted to see it's conclusion.-  Villains - Main antoginsit was meh, but his two sons I genuinely hated and wanted to see an end to.- Voice acting was awesome especially Vitallion and Marius- Graphics were amazing, but coming from a crytek game that is no surprise.- I wil admit that the gameplay is indeed repetitive.  However it is kind of a cross between Arkham .../Shadow of Mordor and God of war.  Once you know what you are doing and hit that rythym it is like hitting that perfect golf shot.bottom Line:  could have been much more than a benchmark for the XBone but what is there is generally interesting and I had fun and sat through the whole thing until 3 am.  I would wait for a sale but would definately give thi a go."
76561197969372390,Recommended,302510,22622899,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mr. nails,"Pros:+Realistic graphics+Brutal combat+Fun combat+Intriguing storyline+Fully voice acted+Online Co-op ArenaCons:-Inconsistant frame rates-Crashed (1 time)-Throwing spears-Repetitive combat-Extremely linearRyse: Son of Rome is basically your beat'em up quick time event videogame like God of War for the Playstation.  The first time you do some of the execution moves will bring a smile to your face.  After about an hour of combat you would had seen pretty much all the moves there is to offer.  The combat is extremely brutal, but not too gory.  You will cut off arms, stab your sword through someones head and bash your opponant with your shield countless times and while it did get very repetitive I never got tired of seeing it.The graphics in this game are top notch!  Most of the time it looks like you're watching a movie.  The voice acting was good and had the feel of the movie Gladiator.  ""Are you not entertained!""  I really enjoyed the setting and the overall performance of the story and after it was done I was left wanting more.  The game took the developers 7 years to make, but it took me 7 hours to beat it.  The production value is quite high.The frame rates in this game is atrocious.  While I did play this game on the highest settings possible I've also got a powerful rig.  The game is locked for me at 60fps and played fantastically, but once QTE's start up it immediately dropped and locked to 30fps.  I'm not sure if this was a bad port problem from the Xbox One or the QTE's just take that much out of the performance.  Other than that the game ran very well with minor other fps hits here and there and the game did crash on me 1 time after a very long 10 min cut scene.  I had to replay that whole scene all over!  :'(The upgrade system for your character is simple.  Mostly upgrading your health, focus (special move), more extensive moves and XP you gain from killing off your opponants.  There are a lot of collectables to find during your quest and I did not find all of them.  I took my time and tried, but I could had missed them during scenes where you are constantly being attacked from afar with arrows and you don't have time to explore.Those who like the Rome themes, God of War brutality gameplay and realistic graphics are in for a treat and I couldn't recommend this more.  While the game is semi-short it is extremely fun and worth your time.  The Crytek engine really shines for this game and you do need to have a powerful PC to run it optimally.  Recommended!"
,Recommended,302510,22504727,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,『Xzit』 ゴジラ,"This game proved to be a quick bit of action and combat.Pros:~ Combat flows smoothly.~ Excellent story with plenty of twists.Cons:~ The game is short. There are eight total chapters, each lasting around half and hour or less.Overall, it's a nice game that'll quench your thirst for quick hack-and-slash combat. Though I strongly advise waiting until it's on sale."
,Recommended,302510,14232477,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Berserker223,"Very impressive graphics over the top of a relatively simple hack and slash game. The story is reasonable, taking you on an enjoyable adventure as your character, Marius, becomes a leader of a Roman Legion seeking retribution against the barbarians who threaten Rome. There isn't all that much to the game mechanics; you have standard attack, block, break guard moves and once you get used to the controls it is fairly straightforward. There are some nice death moves however, where you slice off arms and so on, but these do get a bit repetitive. The multiplayer modes work well in a gladiatorial arena setting, so that's fun for a while with friends. All in all, a game certainly worth picking up in sale for at least a few hours of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,302510,14231220,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Profoundly Broken,"It's a good solid and pretty game, but it is also VERY, VERY short -- took me five hours to complete the story. Also, I got this game just before the sale started so I spent 40USD on something that should have been maybe 15USD.If you are looking at something that has more gameplay, rather than a quick romp through Rome and Brittain, then you should probably move along."
76561198065861808,Not Recommended,302510,13172880,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Flying Jelly Bean,"I went into this game with very high hopes, and I will say the graphics are very nice, however the game play itself is very dull. You go through 95% of this game pressing shield bash, slash, slash and repeat on everything you fight, with an occasional need to dodge an incoming enemy attack. An hour into this game and I was already bored with the combat mechanics and it didn't really improve from there.There was to much forgivness (even on the harder difficulties) in combat executions..if you press the wrong button, you still end up carving the enemy up in a very stylish way. It would have been far better to have the enemy be able to counter your attack(s) should you have pressed the wrong button or pressed a button too late.  If you start an execution, and even not press anything, you still automatically end up killing said enemy... making the whole need for a button sequence pointless.Every enemy in the game seems to be recycled over and over again, sometimes you are even fighting numerous enemies simultaneously that are just clones. It is extremely linear as well, so there is really no exploration to this game at all, you're just kind of funneled through, completing tasks the way the creators want you to.This was on top of numerous bugs and glitches, mainly at the beginning of the game when having to break through doors, the character would end up spinning on the spot making the game un-playable untill it was closed and reloaded.This game would be best experienced as a rental, as you will most likely do, and see everything it has to offer in 1 or 2 days. It is also not worth the hefty price tag that acompanies it (luckily i got this on offer at about half the origional price.I still say there are far better games out there at a much lower price."
76561198032353181,Not Recommended,302510,19513146,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rayt,"The game is too simple and dull.  The combat gameplay has no depth and gets old fast. The talents are the same way too. You dont feel a sense of accomplishment after you kill a boss or clear a lvl.If you are a 5 year old who has never played video games maybe you would like this, otherwise I would steer clear from this one there are better games out there.  The only thing good about this game is the graphics and the simplicity of the gameplay."
,Recommended,302510,20562420,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BravoDa,"•	Absolutely stunning graphics courtesy of CRYTEK engine, Visuals are top notch.•	Gameplay is mostly mix of Hack n Slash & Quick Time Events.•	Story is quiet interesting & Voice acting is super.•	Single Player Campaign is short but solid.•	Haven’t tried Survival or MP Modes that much but it looks interesting.•	Definitely Worth buying on a sale."
76561197977670949,Recommended,302510,23246184,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,biostudent,"We need a ""meh"" rating. This game is not bad, but it's not great either. I'd recommend it if it's on sale. Graphics are nice, the story is fairly standard, nothing original or extremely creative. It's a story about vengeance and betrayal. Combat is basically a series of QTE. If you like that sort of thing, like in the Batman Arkham series games, then this will feel pretty similar, but without all the stealth and non-lethal take downs. Here you rush into combat, stab, slash, dismember, and behead your enemies. You're a brutal killing machine. There's an awful lot of Deus ex machina here too. You don't get to really die until the gods are satisfied that you've fulfilled your destiny. But really, that's the case with any non-rogue-hard-core game. Unless you have perma death, you've got an effectiv d-e-m. So anyway, hack and slash your way to vengeance and look at the pretty scenery then see it all turn red as the defeated enemies ruin the sight seeing. I enjoyed my time playing this but was not compelled to play again or go through and really grind out any extra achievments."
,Recommended,302510,20161095,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:CrytekPublishers:CrytekInitial release:Oct 2014Genre:Action#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationKratos must be on vacation.The dichotomy of gods and mortals and the politics between factions.Some expositionI had previously written a negative review of this game at about 3 hours into the campaign. I had mentioned a number of technical issues I was having that I later diagnosed as user error. I have now fixed those issues and continued with the rest of the game until completion. The issue at hand was a rapidly fluctuating frame rate between 20-64 fps that was altogether too jarring to constantly have to deal with whilst trying to play. The reason for this was that I had altered a .ini config file and forgotten I'd done so when trying to optimize my settings. Leaving the V-sync and Lock Screen options useless.Main CruxYou are a Roman Gladiator. The combat in the game is very simple. You have quick attacks, counters, and shield bashes. You can also roll. The main goal is to get your enemies health down until they have a skull appear on their head which means its time for an execution move. Doing execution moves will grant you 1 of 4 things at your choosing once unlocked. Either a bonus to XP, focus (this is a sort of rage meter), health or damage. The executions are rather slow paced and take some time to complete allowing for easy switching if something comes in need. You'll have plenty of time to make a decision. You are also invincible to other enemies during these animations. So if you fail to counter or dodge an attack you can easily grab an enemy to execute for a quick breather.The narrative is a very summer blockbuster affair. From just a few interactions its pretty easy to see what turn the main character will take. Its not the best story in the world but the cut-scenes are well produced and well acted. To the games credit I sincerely wanted to kill (without spoilers) the characters the game set up as being the douches. As for the main character, he seems like a dud. I didn't care for him at all. Easily replaced by anyone.Caveats and grievancesThis game is VERY easy. I played on Normal so I cannot speak to the higher difficulty levels. When doing an execution the enemies light up blue or yellow. Presumably because this a port of a Xbox One launch title and they correspond to the X and Y buttons for designation between quick attacks and shield bashes. The thing is, it doesn't matter nearly at all which button you press. It will not kill your combo it will simply continue the animation and give a lower ranking of the hit such as recruit hit, instead of legendary hit. (There are various other ones in between) There is no fail animations. This is likely due to the incredibly over produced look of the game, it simply either costs too much to implement or they ran out of time. The ranged combat is also very stilted, seemingly thrown in and there are too many sequences of pressing forward while holding shields up defending your men all '300' style “our arrows will blot of the sun”, “Then we will fight in the shade” moments. Which takes away from the intensity of the first time its done. Its very quickly becomes a fatigued technique.Despite the games relatively short campaign you will be seeing the same executions over and over to the point you may very well be able to predict what color the enemy will turn before its ready to show you.There are very few types of enemies:- You have the standard no shield 1 handed weapon (fodder for executions)- You have the shield bearer, break guard first- You have Dual wielding 'chaos' dudes, set standard 3 hit combo and occasional power hit- You have the big tower fighter, big two handed weapon, every attack is a power attackAnd these enemies have about 2 types of character models that they literally just repeat the entire game. They attempt to fool you about half way by switching up their garb and textures but aside from the occasional boss fight these tactics are all there is.You also have your standard turret and forced walk down a hallway sequence that every triple A title is not nearly complete without.THE GISTNo new ground was broken here. Its your standard big budget fancy looking market this here for new box excite. I don't like to bring price into my reviews as even a flat price has different value to different people so I'll say whatever it is you consider cheap, that is what you should pay for this if it interests you. I found myself getting into a rhythm while fighting that I found very satisfying and despite all my complaints I did not hate most of what I played except for the dumb turret crap and  shield walking to block arrows. Those sequences seemed overused and unjustified filler material.3 dead wildlings; oops, wrong thing, out of 5Follow my curation for more"
76561198018263530,Not Recommended,302510,12453486,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Praetorian68,"I love crysis and crytek for making it. In my mind, crytek are the leaders when it comes to outstanding graphics and RYSE is without a doubt incredibly beautiful. but, graphics don't make a good game on thier own and unfortunatly this game is very repetitive in it gameplay. Typically, you will spend most of the game fighting the same AI in different skins in exactly the same manner.Bottom line is that this game is a showcase for 4k resolution gaming and if you are lucky or rich enough to have a 4k monitor then this game will be awesome. otherwise i'd leave it be. just my opinion."
,Recommended,302510,20864481,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Antwog,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third person action-adventure hack and slash game developed by Crytek. The game was initially released in November, 2013 on the Xbox One, but was ported to PC in October, 2014. The game tells an alternate story of Rome. The game is set around 50-60AD in the Roman Empire era. This is the time period that Emperor Nero led Rome into surprising territorial defeats including one of the failed invasions of Briton. You play as the lead protagonist and centurion Marius Titus. Titus' mission is to lead his troops into battle, though his ultimate goal is to find and kill the person that killed his family.The campaign of Ryse has variety, twists and turns, accompanied by a very strong story. The story begun with a barbarian attack on Rome. You are centurion Titus who helps lead the defence on his city as Nero yells to his troops to defend him. As you can tell, Nero is a self-centered, populist-driven, egomaniac that drives Rome into oblivion while only really caring about himself. Meanwhile, Titus is a loyalist who will defend Rome at any cause even if that means hunting people that hold power. The story continues and progresses into a flashback, which the entire game is set upon. I will note that the present-to-flashback is a very popular avenue for developers in campaigns. This avenue is present in Ryse. As a whole though, the campaign is linear. The story starts with a pretty basic tone in terms of objectives and getting use to the combat, but as the story progresses it becomes intense and captures the essence of fighting to survive. In other words, the story is a highlight of the game. The length varies as I played on normal difficulty and completed it in about seven or so hours. In saying that, there are many things to collect like collecting scrolls that garner achievements once all are completed. These things, for the lack of a better term are nothing of importance unless you strive for achievements.The gameplay is hack and slash and fairly fast-paced. The gameplay or should I say combat because that’s what we are really talking about here, is average. In an era where Roman soldiers carry heavy armour and Barbarians have no armour, you would assume there is a great variety in combat. For example, Roman's hit slower because of their equipment but can sustain more attacks whereas Barbarians die more quickly but have faster attacks. Though in this game that is completely thrown out the window. Barbarians and Romans have no difference in combat features, which is unfortunate because it would have made the game more realistic. Also, the combat like I said is fast-paced whereas I was hoping for a more slow pace to really grasp the environment and the atmosphere. The combat is basic as well. There are very few animations with attacking, blocking, etc. meaning the combat does get repetitive. But, the combat is fluid. Lastly, there is strategic elements to the game. You can command your men to defend a certain position or signal them to fire their bows. This element only occurs when the game allows you to do so, meaning you cannot always command them. So overall, the combat is hit and miss. It captures the nature of being a Roman soldier and being outnumbered, but the lack of animations and those 'little things' make the combat mild.The graphics are just incredible. They are very lifelike and gorgeous. The attention to detail really makes the graphical side of this game excellent. The only issues that stem with graphics and the technical aspect is the optimisation of the game. I feel there was a lack of it as I had certain FPS issues in some areas. I played this game on low settings and I could achieve a solid 30 FPS in most missions, however, some environments I would manage around 8 fps. While it did make the game unstable at times and annoying, it fixed once the mission was completed.The sound in the game is very good and is on par on what you would expect. For example, your sword hitting stone.The voice acting is brilliant. I adore the son of Emperor Nero, who I had forgotten his name, as his voice acting was just perfect. He used a variety of voice tones that hit the nail on the head of the arrogance of a man of power.The UI is nice and slick. The artwork in the menu is cool and feels fresh. However, there is an upgrade system in the menu that allows you to upgrade your character. I am not overly fond of it as there was not enough description to describe what the point of upgrading was other than executions. So to summarise my thoughts on the upgrade system I would call it a miss, but the UI a hit.My final negative on the game was replayability. There is virtually none in this game. If you are not a completionist, you would complete the campaign and then maybe play a few rounds of coop multiplayer, which is you and another person killing barbarians for hours, and then the game is pretty much finished. Due to that, you would only get about 10-15 hours out of the game. So for value, there isn't much.Overall, the game is good. The campaign was very strong, the graphics were gorgeous, the combat is average, and there is no replayability. Therefore, if you are an avid Roman Empire fan and would like to play an alternative version of Rome, buy this game at full price of $20. Otherwise, I recommend purchasing the game on sale because despite the campaign and graphics, there is not much value to keep playing it. You will enjoy the game immensely though in my opinion. 6.5/10Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
76561198034782339,Recommended,302510,31663947,Posted: 10 May,all,OrNaM3nT,"Ryse : Son of RomeRyse : Son of Rome is a hack and slash quick-time event third person game about ancient Rome.The game features a short campaign with flashy graphics and fun gameplay.GameplayThroughout the game there is little variation.You can either attack with your sword,knock aside with your shield or block.Quick-time events combined with the occasional ''turret sections'',where you kill countless enemies using a fire ballista.Using the testudo formation against enemy archers was also fun.Overall,the combat is fun but it gets super repetitive after awhile.The executions are great but by playing the game for 11 hours,they started to repeat themselves too much.Boss battles are a bit more challennging and they add a bit more unpredictability to the game.GraphicsNothing to say here.CryEngine did their best with the graphics.StorylineOnly one big problem with it.It is too short.Only about 6-7 hours worth of storyline.The voice acting is great and the dialogue is fine.The game focuses only on the main character,which is fine by me since the storyline is so short.The storyline is good enough to keep you engage for the 6-7 hours but it is forgettable.Also the game has a few BIG historical inaccuracies like the Colosseum not existing during Nero's reign.Performance IssuesThe game started fine with all options on very high but suddenly it started to drop frames.Throughout the game I had sections where it was perfectly fine and others where it was near unplayable.Changing settings didn't help at all.Not a very good port.TL;DRRyse : Son of Rome has problems like optimization,short storyline,repetitive gameplay but it compensates by having great  grahpics and fun combat.At times the game feels like a movie-game because the landscapes are stunning and the combat is so fluid with only quick-time events to worry about.The game offers a great,but short experience."
,Recommended,302510,30202475,Posted: 26 February,all,White Shadow,"Embark on a tragic journey of a Roman legionnaire. Ryse: Son of Rome is a short-ish but highly action-packed game that puts us right there on the frontline of some epic and visceral battles. Majority of the game involves combat of various sort - fighting small groups of barbarians, fighting side by side with your allies against armies, blasting enemies with a scorpio/ballista, using ranged weaponry, managing siege defences, and marching in a testudo formation. A lot of the fights are fast-paced, requiring full awareness of any nearby enemies (as you get attacked from behind a lot when in the thick of battle), as well as parrying when necessary. As you pummel the enemies down, you get to perform stylish finisher moves on them, which also give you a small bonus, be it health regen, experience boost, and so on. So if fast-paced combat is your thing, you should find the game enjoyable. If not, then you likely won't. Combat can feel repetitive at times, but overall it's pretty fun.The story overall consists of 8 chapters and takes our hero to a variety of locations, some being in Britannia and some in Rome. There are some historical characters present, like Emperor Nero, Boudica, and so on, though some of the historical events have been changed, and in addition there is also a supernatural element in a form of deities appearing in some scenes. So the game isn't exactly historically accurate and is more fictionalised. In short, this is a story of vengeance. It's a passable story, though has many flaws and is mostly on the background.Graphically the game is really stunning. Every area you visit is picturesque, whether it's a city location or some place in the forests. The characters in the cutscenes look very lifelike and the voice acting is also great, as well as the background music.It's a console game at heart really, so a gamepad is highly advised, and things like quick-time events are pretty common. A few were a bit annoying. The boss fights were also somewhat tough and required a lot of concentration, particularly near the end where accurate parries become highly important. It's a challenging game overall, even on Easy difficulty, so if you like that sort of thing, this game is for you.Overall, a fun game to play through once if you enjoy its combat. And if you prefer a more competitive side, you might also like the multiplayer mode. I can't say much about it unfortunately since I mostly got this game for the single player mode.I did a 12-part let's play video series of the game on Youtube with voice commentary in case you're interested to see more:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJY0tIA87nc&list=PLlpmhqJE5XfosI2FJpodKkfGQZzBkv2Vb&index=1"
76561198016334652,Recommended,302510,34378170,Posted: 20 August,all,Karmidzhanov,"I really enjoying playing the game, simple linear story - perfect for wehn you want something relaxing but at the ame time beautifully made and engaging. I'm really into the ancient Roman history so I enjoyed the campaign, but the multiplayer pleasantly surprised me as well. Only problem is there aren't many poeple online so it could take a long time to find players for co-op."
76561198001900781,Not Recommended,302510,28651117,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yagamikun,"Bottom Line:Being that PC gaming can produce results that are individual to the gamer's rig, I cannot say that everyone will have the same experience. I'm sure the game is fun, however the game will not hold a stable frame rate no matter the configuration.The Problem:Inconsistent frame rate at a variety of resolutions (1080p, 1440, 2160p)- regular dips from 60fps to below 30 even running in 1080p. Tried V-Sync toggle and messing with Nvidia setting via the control pannel to no effect.The setup:i7 6800k, 480gb SSD (game drive), 120gb M.2 SSD (OS drive), 2x GTX 1080 (tried the game with and without SLI enabled and landed with the same result), 32gb DDR4 Ram.I was hoping to be another champion for this game as the setting and what I played I know I would enjoy, but if I can't keep a stable frame rate (it's wild) at 1080p even on this rig, there is something else going on. I hate to post a negative review due to performance, and this is not me being a elitist PC gamer, but Ryse is just not well optimized. I've seen others who have had better luck with much lower-spec hardware, so your experieince may be just fine.I wish there were a, ""Recommended with provisions"" option, or something like that. :)"
,Not Recommended,302510,13519007,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,killakanz,"My feelings of this game are quite mixed.To start with the negatives, and to start with a big one, the camera is terrible. Had a couple of moments where I feel the camera should have been looking at someone who was talking to me but instead it was gazing into the sky.In combat, there are times where it's zoomed in too close and you get barely any warning that someone's about to hit you from behind. Other times it zooms out behind walls and other scenery objects and you can't see what's going on at all.Another negative, one particularly felt by PC players; ranged weapons have an annoying auto-aim which regularly locks on to the wrong target for you and it can be pretty stubborn about it.Combat feels pretty clunky, it's not smooth and flowing. The game encourages you to build up your combos by mixing what buttons you hit, which is fine but not done in a very believable way. Mash the same button too many times and the enemies suddenly go from stumbling backwards and getting their backside kicked to instantly being fine and countering your attack.Occasionally there are parts of the game where squad elements are used to progress, which are a nice touch. The game has a nice balance between fighting on your own and fighting shoulder to shoulder with your Roman comrades. The number of enemies seems nicely balanced between not too many and not too few.Executions of weakened enemies can gain you a number of things such as health regens, bonus XP, focus regens etc. Picking which perk you want from your executions is done on the fly with your mouse wheel, the game doesn't pause or slow down while you're doing this, so picking which perk you want while in the middle of combat can be a frantic affair.The execution itself contains a match button element to keep your combo count going and improve the result of the execution. Which button you need to hit depends on which colour the enemy flashes. The brief tutorial at the beginning tells you once which colour means which button and if you forget then tough luck. The game wont remind you.It's also possible to execute more than 1 enemy simultaneously, which is a nice feature.The graphics are very pretty. The scenes are quite realistic and the voice acting is brilliant, though the storyline is a bit odd. The idea of a barbarian attack on Rome being blamed on a British rebellion seems a little implausible to me.The game does feel that it has potential to be one of the greats, however the awkward controls reminicent to a lazy console port combined with the terrible camera work which just seems unfinished really drags the game down. It's for these reasons, especially the camera, that I can't really recommend this game unless you don't mind occasionally fighting blind. If they fixed it in a patch though, this game would definately be one to have."
76561198013211995,Recommended,302510,18256226,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[UP] Killercops,Ryse: Son of Rome is the best looking game so far this generation.Everyone should at least try it out.
,Recommended,302510,22225251,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Wolfanov,"one of that games where you need to fight against enemies using combos and finalizationsRyse: Son of Rome is a third person action video game that follows the story of marius titus, using the cryengine (the same from crysis series) this game provides good story, good graphics and good gameplay.one of that games you never heard of it, but when you play you get surprised"
,Recommended,302510,29792915,Posted: 8 February,all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,"Ryse: Son of Rome is very repetitive game, kill 50 barbarians, one boss, one cimematic and that's it do it again.But i don't regret my 6 hours played in this game."
,Recommended,302510,24287864,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Königstiger,"This is a very interesting and entertaining game for the right price. A launch title for the Xbox One, a consumer might be tempted to believe it's a AAA title. It isn't. What it is: a very pretty beat 'em up jaunt through fictionalized Roman history. If you love Rome as I do and you enjoy the attack/parry/roll combat in the Arkham games this might be for you. It's not nearly as deep as it could be, nor as polished as you could wish but it scratches an itch."
,Recommended,302510,14063908,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,DazzaLCFC,"So this is the time of game that the xbox/playstation/COD generation like? i got it because i love the historical era. For the game it serves only to give the game a raison d'etre. Graphically it is stunning. Outstanding in fact. Combat is bizarre i suppose, wave your sword around, kill scary numbers of bad guys, in exotic locations.....including merry old blighty. I did not pay a great deal for this one, that said i have enjoyed the hack and slash. Wierd combos and swordy stuff are cool - remind me of secret of monkey island with the insult throwing ""quit waving your sword like a feather duster'! Sometimes it is hard to follow, it is a generational thing i suppose. its woth a pop, but it one dimensional. Know this if you buy."
76561198084239937,Recommended,302510,22206556,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DEV,"03-Apr-2016 : Finished main storyEquipment : MSI GT80-2QE NotebookREVIEW :This 2014 game have graphics quality comparable to 2016 games (if not better), a fun hack n slash gameplay, and great for casual gaming. The campaign is rather short and the story is cheesy. I really wish they made the story more grounded and realistic without any supernatural elements.The multiplayer mode is boring except for the survival mode. The survival mode really shines, it makes ranking up a fun and addictive things to do because you can't just hack n slash your way through. You actually need good strategy, good co-op partner, and better gears to survive longer. Sadly there is no survival time leaderboard to show how well you do it.You unlock higher tier of gears every time you reach certain rank, once that tier unlocked, you hunt for better gears by buying a pack. Each pack only give you few random gears and you can complete your collection by... wait for it... keep playing to earn more golds and ranking up to unlock new tiers.CONCLUSION :Recommended on full price, a must-have on sale price."
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,302510,33120928,Posted: 2 July,all,HexeR,"Overall, just not for me.  Has all the makings of a decent hack and slash game, but it just felt too easy, predictable, and linear."
,Recommended,302510,20290286,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Why this game deserved so much bashing at the time of its release is beyond me. I finally played it through in 2015 and it was one of best experiences of that year. I suspect the original judgement came from bona fide reviewers who thought it was in good tone to cringe at terms ""linear"" and ""QTE"".Games are not (quite) algebra so I don't get the linear thing. There's nothing wrong with games being ""linear"", or more precisely, games of progression; it's simply another genre. There are lot of different half-forgotten genres outside of the sandbox, you know... Ryse is such an action game with great system of emergent combat which no, isn't technically based on quick-time events by any means. Perhaps a good exercise is to try the game on highest difficulty setting to see all mechanics fall nicely into place. The game has also a number of interesting staged situations, is generally well-directed, and has multiple types of interesting collectibles of lore.Much good have been said about Ryse's graphics. I would say that story isn't half bad either. Actually it's very good. It has heights and lows, as every roller-coaster has. The controlling idea is how history and our individual lives are gods' playground... which makes a metacommentary to the interplay between fixed character of the narrative and the expectations of the game's audience, doesn't it? :]Given its Hollywood epic scope it's fun to summarize how twisted the game's story is compared to history:+ Nero did indeed crush a revolt of Boudica in Britannia!− but the fighting was in Anglia, not in Northumbria or, God forbid, Pictland! (still, the northern excursion is one of the best game's moments...)− The name of York comes from Old Norse and as such is much younger (but the defense of York is top too...)− Boudica's father is unknown, but his name was definitely not Oswald, which is Germanic.+ XVI legio did indeed fight in Britannia!− Boudica never ever targeted Rome of course...− had she done so, she would not have brought war elephants! :) for God's sake.− The anectode of Damocles is of Greek origin and does not involve centurions...+ but it does involve daggers, and the general message is very much the same. Hurray!− The Colloseum was a very fancy arena but how it is portrayed in the game is waay over the top :)+Nero did throw himself on his sword, you know... according to some records. But more likely his secretary had to kill him.Yet these are all minor ones. The greatest lie is subtle and might get you tricked:− Nero didn't have or adopt sons; had he had any, he would more likely plot to kill them rather than protect them etc."
,Not Recommended,302510,22172556,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Chroto,"The sad truth is this game feels like a glorified tech demo. It showcases absolutely stunning graphics but that’s about it sadly. The story feels tacked on and the gameplay is repetitive and overly simple. If you like quick time events, this is the game for you!I didn't even get to the technical issues. The game stutters so freaking much and just freezes for minutes at a time before it finally recovers. Even when the game is running perfectly fine, the music tends to stutter and freeze. It's just a nightmare trying to play through the game under these conditions. It’s one thing if I was using an underpowered rig, but that is nowhere near the case. I fear it was just a crappy port plain and simple. Maybe pick it up for a cheap price, but otherwise stay away. You're not missing much."
76561198008443946,Recommended,302510,12639294,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,oczer,"Really good graphics, great story and acting. The game is way too short and a bit repetitive. Even if you earn xp and unlock new moves you can hardly notice any change. Finished the game in about 5 hours. Recommended if you buy it on sale."
,Recommended,302510,30814165,Posted: 29 March,all,Cauzik,"Pros- The storyline is flawless IMO.- The combat is easy to learn and fast paced.- The animations are good but could be a bit better.Cons- The multiplayer is dead (No Players).- Switching to different enemies in fighting stance is a bit glitchy rarely but sometimes.- The skill tree could go with an update/improvement.The game is exceptional, nothing more needed to say."
,Not Recommended,302510,12434606,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Azrac,"Well, first let me say that this game have  lot of potential, pretty cool concept, decent fight, etc.Unfortunately, the game is so buggy, paying full price for it is insane.Bugs everywhere, even in the first few missions, if you die you often have to start all over because the entire thing bugs, mission 3 is unplayable, no regen, no items, can't use any interactions and when I died, entire campaign was gone.Combat is so/so, it's the same few moves and since you can't customize your hotkeys, only change between default layouts, it means blocking is bound to the middle-mouse, same ""key"" as swaps your execution types.......which means you keep swapping around and getting hit.All in all, extremely poorly executed port of what would otherwise be a pretty decent game in my view.Review: Don't buy, wait 2-4 weeks for patches and fixes, then get it when it goes on discount."
76561197991102784,Recommended,302510,29320545,Posted: 17 January,all,SS DukeNukem,"Can't go in depth with this other than AMAZING STORYLINE boring after that. Would i recommend? Yes, this game is like a good book. So...Pros:-Impressive Story-Fantastic visuals-Great gameplay-Fun to feel like a Roman Soldier-Multiplayer was fun, for a little.-Very challenging when it came to large mobs of enemies-Fairly balanced combat system-Fairly accurate representation of the Roman ArmorCons:-Story finishes, so does playing the game-Multiplayer, GOOD LUCK finding a game or not having bugs on the multiplayer screen. Boring after a while.-Typical hack and slash game. Preset moves (after all have been unlocked) gets boring to see the same thing over and over again.-CAMERA ANGLES GOT ENTIRELY FRUSTRATING-Climb up, CAN'T JUMP DOWN!!! (Maybe that was me but either way it was annoying)"
,Recommended,302510,12471720,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[SP] Punished Snake,"RYSE: SON OF ROMEREVIEWFirst, don't care for reviwers like IGN, they just write♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for this game, but that's not the true, Ryse is an amazing game, featuring a good story, and stunning ending, and oh, the graphics, truly ""next-gen"" here. The combat is very very cool and very gory, arms and legs will roll, lol. The pc version also feature all DLC from Xbox One, so you have a lot of things in multiplayer. The multiplayer is also amazing, with a lot of things and game modes, cool to play with a friend. Your gladiator also have great customization, with a lot of shield, swords, armor... like FPS in roman times, lol. The only bad thing thing about the cinematic campaign is the lenght. The game have about 8 chapters and 6-7 hours, but in compensation, you have a lot of skills and executions and colletibles to collect. Ryse is a complete next gen experience!+Truly next-gen graphics+Amazing and gory combat+Cinematic Campaign+Good story+Good multiplayer with a lot of features+A lot of customization of online gladiator and execution and skills+Epic Soundtrack, some moments you feel like a true roman commander in a war.+Good voiceacting and characters+Epic battles (Siege of York is a hell lot epic and fun)-Short Campaign (6-7 hours)-Some little bugs (the big ones are fixed by now)-A little repetitive in the middle of the game, but action returns as aproach the end.Ryse is an complete epic next-gen experience underrated by reviwers9,5/10Still not sure? Firstly, you like God of War, Assassin's Creed, and other critically acclaimed games with incredible combat? It's practically the same thing with Ryse. If you enjoy these games, you'll love Ryse. It happened to me and several friends. But the choice is up to you!"
,Recommended,302510,32088590,Posted: 31 May,all,Babster,"Слешер за римского воина. Надо ловко и вовремя нажимать атаку и блок, чтобы сразить полчища врагов и в конечном итоге раздавить главную гадину.Графика отменная, геймплей бодрый. Чистый восторг."
,Recommended,302510,12446327,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,devillightning1,"Currently only played until Mission 3, heres what I think of itGraphically wise I can find no fault. Its well optimized and very nice especially when you crank up the Supersampling and turn off the in-game temporal AA which blurs the game too much for me. My only complaint is why using Pre-rendered cutscenes while rendering using the engine on realtime looks better since cutscenes does have compression although the videos are quite high quality and almost unnoticable when playing on a television, but on a monitor its actually noticable.Gameplay is the usual attack, block and break defense. You could just keep spamming the attack button and shield bash when they start dodging your attacks. I do understand why people would think the combat is repetitive, but for me the sound design and the numerous execution animations look superb. Voice acting is top notch. I only hope that the combat is a bit more challenging since I think that is the reason why it gets repetitive.Although there are bugs when it was released pre patch the game wouldn't save, but now its fixed. Not sure about the other bugs that I haven't tested yet.Game is ran on a single Sapphire R9 290 Tri-X clocked to 1100 core/1300 mem, Intel i7-4770k and 8GB 1600MHz Corsair Dominator RAM."
,Recommended,302510,20281044,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Keith Ape,It is officially the best game I've ever played in my life.You can clearly see how it made with love and excitment.Just like high budget hollywood movie with dozens of action and epic scenes.Love it.
76561198091416352,Recommended,302510,14284258,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"Plus:1. Great Gameplay2. Great Graphic3. Sotry Rich4. TacticMinus:1. Little Womans2. Quick Time Events (6 hours)3. All time you're fighting, I mean need home, when you can relax and need politicc, how it? Game about Rome with no politicsGuys it's very good game, but very short. You can complete company for 6 hours. It's very intersting game for me, because I'm big fan of Ancient Rome. I recommend this game, but very short and too expensive. So you can buy it with discount 50%.7.6/10"
,Recommended,302510,24031080,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Untold,"There is no Roman experience quite like Ryse: Son of Rome. While games like Total War: Rome only allow you to command troops from above instead of being able to play as the troops themselves, Son of Rome allows you to play as a single soldier. Your character, Marius, will visit Rome, York, and northern England, and although you must always follow a linear path and cannot explore, it is still stunning to gaze at Crytek's beautifully-reproduced environments. In addition, the studio has created impressive cinematic events that make the game truly intense.The combat system, which is the foundation of the game, has both strengths and weaknesses. While Marius's different attacks, finishers, and bashes are satisfying and awesome, they get repetitive over time, making combat less exciting as you move towards the final stages of the game. What ultimately weakens combat, though, is the lack of different enemies. The game uses the same few skins for the enemies over and over, so you may be fighting three enemies that look absolutely identical, and they will all be doing the same attacks. You can buy new finishers later in the game, though, which keeps you playing. In various parts of the game, you can also create a shield wall, which was one of the best moments of the game; you and your men shield themselves from archers, and flaming arrows hit the shields. It is an amazing experience.Some of the boss battles are frustrating, and you may even have to look online to see how to complete them. The minotaur chieftian, Chief Glott, is the most frustrating of them all. When he is charging, you must wait until he almost hits you (he will turn yellow) and only then can you successfully counter him. Do not counter prematurely.The story is the best part of the game. Marius's journey brings him into a vicious feud between Gods, Kings, and Emperors, and Son of Rome even blurs the lines between friend and foe, giving you some doubts about which side you are truly on yourself.The diverse soundtrack is another highlight of the game. At times it will convey the glory of Rome, the misty forests of northern England, and much more. Once you have completed the campaign, the game allows you to listen to different parts of the soundtrack without having to play the game, which is a nice feature.There is a multiplayer component, but there are very few people on the servers (if any at all).To give the game replay value, there are collectibles scattered around the environments; exploring hidden areas gives you access to scrolls, art, and even Son of Rome comics.The game's campaign took me about six hours to complete, so it is definitely worth it on sale. If you have ever wanted to play as a Roman soldier or gladiator, or if you just want to experience Rome, this game delivers. Recommended."
,Recommended,302510,22133294,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sir_Bertran,"Usually I never set a good mark, for the historical game that is actually not. However, that game is an exception. So we just need to take it a simple slasher and forget about the plot and history part. But the music is good.Despite the lack of sense and questionable mystic elements, I never expected such a pleasant and satisfying experience of killing the barbarians.The combat system and graphics is superb. Hero is actually using the environment and the situation around, to finishing enemy with a true beauty and pathos combined with flourishing, but still almost effective style.I'll suggest to play on an easy difficulty, because the only difference is, how long you need to slash and stub naked antagonists, to stat the finishing amazing moves. My point, that few strikes is quite enough.The only minus in the combat, is that, sometimes our hero become to obsessed with the bloodshed and cutting out the head, after the hand, after the strike into the chest and all of this is just to kill one poore archer. Any of these dismemberments would me more that enough. But...)"
,Recommended,302510,25272996,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Marcus,"INTRODUCTION:Ryse: Son of Rome is a third-person action-adventure game developed by Crytek (known for games such as Crysis) and, surprisingly enough, not published by EA games. It was originally an Xbox One exclusive title but was later ported to the PC. The PC release has since been praised as a superior version to its console counter part boasting better framerates, better graphical fidelity, free bundled dlcs and no micro-transactions.PLOT (No Spoilers):The player takes on the role of Marius Titus, a Roman Legionary who's on a mission to avenge the death of his family (Gladiator movie 2000). Son of a legendary Roman General, he quickly rises through the Legion ranks searching for the people behind his family's murder while, at the same time, fighting for Rome, a superpower, against an inferior rebel group. (Call of Duty: Roman Warfare).PROS:+ Graphically and Visually MAGNIFICENT+ Great Animation+ Quality sounds and voice acting+ Refreshing new setting (Ancient Rome)+ Intense action packed combat+ Fun and entertaining execution moves (though a bit repetitive)+ No Microtransactions+ Surprisingly good+ Story is acceptable at least, its easy to understand and ties up the plot nicely+ Has potential (if they develop the plot and combat mechanics more)CONS:- Very Short (I personally completed it within 7-8 hours on Hard 'Centurion' difficulty)- Too many (and some unnecessary) turret sections- Camera can sometimes be dodgy- Repetitive combat with little variation in attack moves- Quick Time Event (QTE) based execution moves- A bit to easy even in Hard difficulty (But challenging in LEGENDARY Mode)- Wish the game could have added a desert setting or a snowy terrain- Too restrictive map with no room to explore- Could have done better with a few more RPG elements- Co-op maps sometimes glitch out and event triggers does not activate"
76561198032247922,Recommended,302510,25478224,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Drahreg,"I remember seeing the game trailer for it on Xbox back a couple of years ago. It looked amazing, then the reviews started coming up and it looked bad. I kind of lost interest until a while back when it was on special...it was too good to refuse and damn I'm glad I got it!Pros:Gore!Great Story/campaignGraphics are really goodFluid and smooth combatProtagonist is very likeableFacial expressions and voice acting done wellGore!! (Killing blows make you feel awesome)Cons:Graphics Stutter (not the GPU, but have seen a lot of people complain about the same thing)The game’s story isn't very long but that can be seen as either good or bad, but in my case this was perfect. The story of a roman soldier and his quest for vengeance, through killing hordes of enemies to leading your fellow Romans in tactical attacks…this is what kept me engaged during the entire campaign.Overall, this was a very enjoyable game! Definitely a must get next time it is on special, even if it is to just add it to your already increasing backlog."
,Recommended,302510,33159261,Posted: 2 July,all,Zombie,"Bought it from the steam sales. Honestly wasn't expecting much, and I got surprised the game is quite good. The Story is interesting and it were a movie I would watch it. The gameplay is a quick time event but they added a bit a entertainement with the executions. For some people it could get dull and repetitive but the game addes these little events were you controle a testudo moving forward taking enemy fire. And boy I was impressed, as a fan of the romans history that right there gave me some chills.In a few words, it's interesting nice combat stuff, that can be repetitive and dull but thanks to the events the game trows at you it becomes good. I wasn't expecting much and I honestly had a good time."
76561198092146018,Recommended,302510,23982864,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nemegon,Overall game : okPros:Good storyNice looking graphicsFluid game play and combatNice involving vharacters and placesCons:Story is pretty shortCombat becomes super repeated through out the gamevery little varationsReomendation: get on deal and use as a time killer
76561198171238315,Recommended,302510,22190746,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,danstew23,"Before I start:1. Don't be misled by my ingame-time. This is yet another game I played with a friend of mine on his Steam-account a while ago. We actually finished the game, taking turns playing it, and when this game recently was on sale, I decided to pick it up.2. I picked this up during a sale for 4,99. My rating will be mainly based on that priceIt is kinda hard for me to rate this game, because there are a few things wrong about it, while at the same time, it has quite a few strengths.FIrst of all, the game looks really really good. Some of the scenes actually look almost like movie-scenes, and the tutorial (a big battle) looks really impressive. You will need a decent system to run the game. I don't have a dedicated gaming-PC, but on my system (i4790, 3.6 GHz, 16 gigs of ram, GTX 960 with 4 gigs), it worked great.It has vibrant colors, tons of details and some great animations, so graphically, it deserves a high rating.Gameplay-wise, if you have played games like Mad Max, Shadow Of Mordor,  recent AC-games or one of the Arkham-guys, you will feel right at home. The fights are about blocking, combos, hit streaks etc, and if you play with a controller, the game gives you directions (coloring your opponent in a certain color, telling you what button to hit). Finishing an enemy is pretty much a QTE... initiate the takedown, then watch the colors and hit the right buttons to kill the guy and regenerate some health.With a tiny bit of practice, you can easily take on big groups of mobs.By the way - someone said in his review that the game has no controller-support... I don't understand that, because I was able to play the game with an Xbox controller for Windows without any problems. The game detected the controller, no additional setup required.There are quite a few cutscenes (which you cannot skip if you would like to do that), which are very well done.Now, for the weaknesses:The story is pretty cliché and rather predictable. It's ok, but nothing to write home about really.The game is really REALLY short...I don't quite recall just how many hours it took us to complete the game, but it must have been something like 5 hrs or so.The fighting is pretty easy. So if you care mainly about the story and play the easiest difficulty, it gets pretty dull early on, but even the harder difficulties aren't THAT challenging.This is highly subjective, but IMO, the game tries a bit too hard to get into the vibe of the 300 movies. There are some cutscenes, for example the story of Damocles, which feel VERY inspired by 300, and for me personally, it was a bit too obvious and too cliché. Sure, the movies were fun, but this game tries a bit too hard sometimes to cash in on that with those cutscenes and the amount of gore and executions.So basically, the game looks really really good, has a decent combat-system, and is well optimized, but also is way too short, can get repetitive very quickly, and doesn't have that much of an interesting story.So my thumbs up ONLY counts if you can get this game on sale. For 4.99, it's quite a steal, and I don't regret picking it up at that price, even though I finished it before. However, at a higher price (I think it's 20 EUR when not on sale), I am not sure I could give this a thumbs up due to the lack of depth and the short campaign.Verdict:7/10 at 5 bucks, 5-6 at standard price. Great graphics and sound, nice flowing combat system with some QTE-elements, nice animations, but too short and with too much of a ""here is 300 as a game""-type vibe. Pick it up while on sale."
,Recommended,302510,25396935,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,crnisokol,"I really did't had big expectations from Ryse and it pleasantly surprised me. Ryse is strongest in its visual presentation - it looks absolutely stunning. Moving on with audio department, voice-acting is pretty good but music, while decent, it could be done better. Gameplay is simplistic and gets somewhat repetitive so that is a turn-off for many people, but I really enjoyed those slow-motion executions. Story is just a revenge tale, but it's executed decently so it's ok for me.7/10"
,Recommended,302510,12507049,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,phoy33,"Ryse: Son of Rome is awesome. Third-person action view with super hack and slash, Sophisticated graphic and cool storyline. If you are boring with shooter game, I suggest you to play this game, and burn your adrenalin with General Marius or another gladiators even using nanosuit.Ignore the negative comments. Play this game... feel it in your heart.. ""yea... this is the game what i wanna play and I love this game""."
,Recommended,302510,25378687,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kinjaku,Got this on steam sale. Worth every penny. Spilling blood has never been more entertaining. 9/10It would've been 10/10 but the FPS drops occasionally made the the experience less than epic.
76561198042998141,Recommended,302510,13999782,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RC1207_Sev,"Ryse is a good game. Story is run of the mill ""your family is killed, you seek revenge in rivers of blood abroad, you discover the real enemy is at home"" sort of deal. Draws upon history but isn't too worried about playing fast and loose with it. Campaign isn't overly long and you can skip some of the cutscenes (helpful in the 2nd PT).It is the combat and visuals where the game shines. I played on low graphics with a venerable GTX 570 and occasionally the game froze after many hours of play. That shouldn't keep you from getting the game as it handled very nicely just about all the time. It still looked great, with no lag, and very smooth combat. I can't wait to upgrade my computer with a 780 to see how far I can push the game's graphics. Gotta love Crytek putting all the other publishers to shame.Combat takes a little to get used to and patience is the order of the day, though your adrenaline may start pumping in the heat of battle. Stay calm and carefully time your attacks and counters as you aren't a superhuman athlete like Batman is in the Arkham games. I finished the game on Legendary (the top difficulty mode) and it was challenging but still fun. There was one section in Chapter 3 vs some archers I had to look up a solution to because it was exceptionally difficult but that's about the only complaint I have.Co-Op/Solo Gladiator mode looks fun and I'd like to try it out with friends once they get the game!It would have been cool if Boudica looked more like Olga Kurylenko's character in the film Centurion. Silly thought but make of it what you will."
76561198031729726,Recommended,302510,32758640,Posted: 24 June,all,BRuuN,"This was a very nice game, the story was good, the graphics were good, story was good, pretty much a very well done game.I bought it on steam summer sale since I had waited for a discount on this game since I thought $20 was too expensive.The game was absolutly worth $4,99 but consider how long it took for a playthrough (6h with afk time) I don't think the game is worth $20.If you're looking for a game that you just slay infinite waves of big crazy barbarians. Are you looking for a game that cool finishmoves, this is a game for you.I would highly recomend this game for anyone that just want a cool story with a Gerard Butler like character with a sharp sword and loves blood."
,Not Recommended,302510,21238350,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Zephan,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a decent game. Would I recommend it though? I'm torn really. It has a good story, great voice acting and a unique setting for the genre. However despite these positive traits, it's marred by some horrible repetitive QTE's and even worse optimisation. It ran, but the fluidity of the game varied on levels and I spent periods of time looking at various options and settings. My machine should have had no problem spec wise and yet the framerate dropped when there was no clear explanation.  For the £5 I got it for, it was a bargain and if you want to try out something new then, this is it! just don't expect it to break any barriers regarding the gameplay."
,Recommended,302510,12471352,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,Do you like God of War? Do you like the TV series Spartacus or the movie 300? Do you like rediculous graphics to show off your new graphics card? Then stop reading and download this bad boy. Great port to show your freinds why consoles will forever be in the shadow of PC.
76561198112936647,Not Recommended,302510,33081772,Posted: 1 July,all,donchiquita,Repetetive and quite short game compared to it's cost.
76561198116527414,Recommended,302510,28884755,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sigmar,"Visually, this game is simply fantastic! The cutscenes are the best part of it, with (for a video game) very realistic acting and facial expressions in addition to excellent directing, and the gameplay environments are detailed and feel authentic (down to subversive graffiti on walls in Rome's inner city).The dramatic revenge story is written well (not exceptionally deep, but with a consistent arc) and includes mythical twists and a spectacular ending. I will keep it in good memory, even though the campaign took less than 10 hours to complete.The reason why I was glad it did not take longer was the combat. It is not bad, not at all: It has its own, brutal character that sticks with you. The developers made hard efforts to let you experience ancient Roman warfare, with sword and shield as your main weapons and occasional use of throwing spears (pilae), light artillery (scorpio) as well as battle formations of legionnaires under your command - those parts are well implemented and even innovative. Nevertheless, the swordplay that makes the major part of the game gets tedious after a while. Especially enemies who can block and dodge take a long time to kill, and as there are only a dozen different types of opponents who always look identical, combat gets repetitive and feels like hard work at some point. Also, you cannot customize your character in any way, your tactics remain the same all the time except (ultimately inconsequential) variations of finishing moves, and the equipment only changes cosmetically (there is no looting or trading of weapons or armour). That's why in the final chapter of the story, I did long for it to end.As each part of the campaign is a strictly limited corridor, and there are no meaningful decisions to make storywise, I cannot see myself replay the game. As I said, the melee combat did not fascinate me either, so I did not feel like trying the gladiator fights (i.e. the multiplayer mode).The good parts and the high overall production value made the game worth my time nevertheless. As I got it on sale, I am satisfied with one exciting playthrough and give this game a 7/10. However, I would not recommend buying it for the full price, due to its shortness."
76561198054184300,Recommended,302510,12525409,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mirror,Qualitative transfer from console to PC
76561198146300695,Recommended,302510,16423367,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,manos2308 | pvpro.com,"Untill the third chapter, Ryse is a true masterpiece. More accurately, it is a brilliant game, which makes you feel like the protagonist of a high badget Hollywood movie.Unfortyunately though, this unforgetable feeling lasts only for three chapters...After that, the game lowers the high standard excpectations it created and becomes a lilte repetitive, with a few glorious exceptions, now and then (the fifth and last chapters were great).The story was interesting too and i think it will keep you on screen all the time, anxious to see what happens next. The writers did a great job and in addition to that, the excellent voice acting and animation, will make you care about the heroes and you will be eager to continue the game, till you finish it and see the glorious ending.The creators spent (for sure) a lot - lot of hours to make this masterpiece, as the gameplay may be a litle rpetitive, but this is not what happens with the magnificent sceneries, and buildings.8/10 and definetely a must have."
76561198036662065,Recommended,302510,19935209,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Hashash,"Story follows the last days of the Roman Empire.I feel like Maximus & Achilles when I swiftly hack and slash barbarians into pieces.Fast combos makes it look insanely great.This game really got the spirit of the classic ancient warrior movies.I read the reviews before I bought this game, some people praised it but still gave it a low score, morons.This is probaly the best hack and slash game I have ever played along God of War, it is very realistic too, using roman combat tactics with both shield, spears and swords combined."
76561198067832376,Recommended,302510,12450135,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Capitão,"Alright, so after beating the game once and playing quite a lot of the multiplayer, I am here to tell you why you should buy Ryse: Son of Rome.- It is a very well done port. It had some issues on launch, but the devs worked hard to fix all of them. The keyboard and mouse bindings are good, and the FPS is consistent.- The graphics are HUGE! So much detail on the armor and the background, you will get amazed.- The gameplay is fluid. The combat is similar to Batman Arkham games, but it's still good on its own way. The executions are bloody, and very rewarding. Be aware that it can get repetitive sometimes, but if you can pass that, you will LOVE the combat system.- Good soundtrack. It is not one of the best of the gaming industry, but it reminded me of Gladiator, so sure as hell it's awesome!- The multiplayer is fun. If you have one buddy to play with you, the co-op missions are a great add-on into the game. Play on various map types, and fight your way through the BARBARIAN HORDE!!!!!! You can level up, purchase new gear and try to become the most powerful gladiator the has ever stepped on the Colosseum.Long story short, the game is not perfect, but if you like the Rome theme, if you enjoy bloody and fluid combat, good storytelling and awesome soundtrack, get this game now!    9/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,17355168,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Wozzname,"6 hours total for singleplayer, thin veneer of story to drive the game through different levels. Losing control of camera angle at times due to location particularly frustrating. Gameplay is mediocre/poor - find a ""Let's Play"" of the game if you're still that interested in the story,"
,Not Recommended,302510,12457876,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Liandri,"It's a good game until you reach the ""Kill Nero"" mission where you're about to walk through the chambers automatically without you pushing any buttons. I get to the third guy and then I keep getting my throat cut open without being able to defend myself. I can't do anything about it.I've been on forums where people think that this is a bug, now is it? If not, this game dropped from being a good game to absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  FIX IT!"
,Not Recommended,302510,23973682,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,A Wizened Crone,"I bought Ryse for $5 recently after a bunch of people said it was decent.It's entirely QTEs. Every combat is just QTEs. The most common fight with the lowliest ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy is going to end with a QTE. QTEs everywhere, QTE: The Game.I played for about 20 minutes I think, performing at least 50 PRES BUTAN! sequences. It is, hands down, one of the worst games I have ever played. Utter, unrelenting, dogshit. XCOM Enforcer tier ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,302510,22173693,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,<coSmin>,A beautiful game. Worth all the money.
,Recommended,302510,20003577,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,☕Skeptical Genie☕,"Short story, but for 7€ it's a masterpiece.Pros:-Graphics-Rome-Legionaries-Testudo-Pilum-Rome-Rome-RomeCons:- Too short"
,Recommended,302510,14285726,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,THC 420,"Metacritic gave this game a 61. Some people say this is a bad port. I have no idea where any of that♥♥♥♥♥♥came from. This is a fine port. It doesn't feel like a port. It has a decent gameplay with interesting interactive takedowns that might get a little repetitive after 2 hours. One downside is that the campaign is only 5-6 hours long. Aside from the short campaign and the somewhat repetivie takedowns, this game has a great storyline that I personally loved and it makes the game totally worth it. This isn't so much of just a straight up play through, it is half playing, half watching. It has about two and a half hours worth of cutscenes. This game feels like an interactive movie with a good storyline. In singleplayer games, I play for fun storylines and this game definitely delivers. Good game."
,Recommended,302510,20266719,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,marek1257 Hellcase.com,ryse son of rome je jednaz najlepších príbehoviek  akú som hral . Príbeh je zaujímavý hráč si v hre vyskúša aké to je hrať za vojaka rýmskej légie . Príbeh je okný zápletiek hra je po grafickej stránke veľmi pekne spracovaná  a dokáže zabaviť ma miekoľko desiatok hodín. Hru by som určite doporučil všetkým ktoríá majú radi hry ktoré sú zasadené do historického obdobia.+ dobrá grafika+ dobrý príbeh+ dobrá hrateľnosť- za mňa asi len trochu krátky príbeh.
,Recommended,302510,23985578,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,cpnhowdy,"Im about 80% into the game and have really enjoyed it.  The graphics are the best I have seen in a game so far.  The voice acting is superb.   I think the developer did a great job with the motion capture and facial animations which really brought to life a story that draws you in.  While the game mechanics might wear a bit thin after a while, the story is compelling.One of the best games I have purchased so far."
,Recommended,302510,23194382,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Chance,Bought this game for what I assumed to be cheap quick entertainment that I'd forget about. Boy was I wrong.This game is so incredibly satisfying to play that everytime I try to find new games I always find myself wishing that they were more similar to Ryse. The combat system feels nice on keyboard+mouse or controller (I played through the first time with kb+m and the second time with an xbox one controller on pc) and the points system in the game isn't too complicated as to be annoying but just beneficial enough as to be rewarding. Overall a very solid choice for a great price if you are looking for an engaging storyline and an entertaining game.
,Recommended,302510,24002221,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rikochette,"MY REVIEW FORRyse: Son of RomeGRAPHICSThis is the least important part of my reviews, so I'm going to skip it real quick. The graphics are amazing, you can't be dissapointed of Cry Engine™The amazing news is that the game runs on every computer, and additionally the engine can downgrade itself and its settings to give you the best visual result, simultaneously meeting your PC's hardware.MUSICLet's be real, I LOVED THIS GAME. Unfortunately, as a man of arts, I can't avoid the fact that the music was awfully mediocre. It was not bad, but it feeled like someone stole the whole soundtrack from a documentary about ancient Rome. The production was awesome. The music pieces were DULLSTORYUnlike the generic war-army-soldier games, RYSE follows an amazing story focusing on a greatly built protagonist and his comicodramatic story-foils. NO SPOILERS! I GUARANTEE: YOU WILL BE AMAZED AND AWED BY THE STORYGAMEPLAYThe controls were steady, the fighting was responsive, the finishers variedA LOT. BUT! You can easily can get bores by all the killing and the blood. (I like playing games for the plot, soFOR ME, AND MY SELF ONLYthe percentage of Story/Action was at least questionableTHE GAME CONTAINS MULTAIPLAYER MATCHES ALONGSIDE WITH A 6HOUR LONG CAMPAIGNFINAL SCORE7.8/10 ~DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND PLAY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,302510,13497240,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,📱 UJO ZAKINO 🎮,"Ryse Son of Rome - This game has everything you could want from an action packed title, Awesome Graphics , Awesome gameplay , Awesome Story, all in all10/10"
76561198046793368,Recommended,302510,31287370,Posted: 21 April,all,Billski,"Third person hack and slash, Story rich game with amazing clarity, beautiful environments, and cinematic action. With all its 4K glory, I found the game lacking in overall content... Most gamers who have played the game on normal difficulty, have bested this title in just around 5 hours and then there is not much left keeping your attention focused. Despite this set back, I felt as if I was playing a movie instead of an actual game and there are few titles that I can say I stared at the screen waiting for my character to move, only to finally understand that I actually have control of him. This is recommended to anyone wanting a great gory action game or just something to have in your list of amazing 4K titles."
,Recommended,302510,22015965,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BaNaNa,"This is not just game...this is movie game!✔ Story:The story worked out just great, is not an ordinary game with periodic video inserts, it is rather a real movie, with periodically inserted elements of the game.✔Grafics:Optimization of high-class game. Even at high graphics settings, I did not notice any drawdown FPS. low graphics just looks great!✔Animation:The developers have made tens and hundreds of kinds of animation, a lot of kinds of executions, depending on the circumstances around you.✔Online:Well...didn't played there so much  but I can say only one:A huge number of arenas, completely different and unique.Only problem there is a lot of  cheaters and some time its impossible play with them.Game has bad things  too.....✘When you completed the game once it becomes boring and you don't want play it anymore✘A lot of cheaters In multiplayerHistory of old Roma      9,4\10"
76561198163389275,Not Recommended,302510,22969730,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MIRAGES_R9,"The only reason I bought this game is just because I love the Crytek. And I believe that the only way to save this game is remade it, make it be a open world like The Witcher or Assassin's Creed, perhaps add a photo mode."
,Recommended,302510,14232855,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Harrus,"If you want an ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL game and are a fan on Gladiator, Sparticus Blood and Sand, and 300, this game is AWESOME. This game is very ""cinematic"" in nature, and is extremely memorable. The controls are responsive and rewarding, however the gameplay itself can become repetative.That aside, Both the story and Co-op missions are very well put together and I suggest you give this a try, especially if it's on sale.tldr very pretty and epic can be repetative"
,Recommended,302510,22156553,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Crimson Shin,"This game proved to be a quick bit of action and combat.Pros:~ The game is graphically stunning.~ Combat flows smoothly.~ Puts your reflexes to work.~ Excellent story with plenty of twists.Cons:~ The game is short. There are eight total chapters, each lasting around half and hour or less.~ Microtransactions~ Very bad performance issues. Blatant console port.~ Microtransactions~ Cookie-cutter enemies. You'll see one or two variants at most.~ MicrotransactionsOverall, it's a nice game that'll quench your thirst for quick hack-and-slash combat. Though I strongly advise waiting until it's on sale."
76561198055532613,Not Recommended,302510,22326465,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Babooki,I wanted to love Ryse: Son of Rome since it's a hack and slash but this port is so poorly optimized.
,Recommended,302510,35014831,Posted: 16 September,all,Vyndoriel,"I wasn't too sure what to think of this game when it first came out. I bought it awhile back but never got around to playing it and I regret it. This is a pretty amazingly unique game, I currently can only run it on the lowest settings on my laptop, still some minor lag, but not too noticable.I highly recomend getting this, it feels like a crossbreed of God of War and Assassins Creed in my opinion, but we all have different tastes. Buy it, you won't regret it, especially if you have a fondness for Ancient Romes history."
76561197970369507,Recommended,302510,33928482,Posted: 31 July,all,lowl1fe,"The game itself is good but lacks replayability and variety at some point. The graphics are still fine and the gameplay is satisfying. It can get boring if you have to repeat some sequences over and over again, but you can learn from mistakes.I enjoyed this game till the end (it took me around 6,5h to beat it). If you look for a game with deep story, you should pass on that one, however.Overall the game might be a 7/10 and therefore I give it a thumbs up.By the way, the setting is excellent ;)"
,Recommended,302510,22136749,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Spider3,"Combat may get a bit repetitive, but gfx is really good, and spilling blood is entertaining ;) Voice acting well done, story also was not that bad. Overall it was a positive experience, it worths picking it up especially when on sale."
,Recommended,302510,19979333,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fatonium,"I had a blast playing this game. It looks gorgeous, the voice acting is spot on, sound effects and music are awesome. It's one of those games that you can just pick up and play, so if you're looking for depth you're not going to find it here. It's very linear as well and the campaign is pretty short, it took me 6 hours to beat it on the hardest unlocked difficulty.If Call of Duty was a third person action game set in anciet Rome then this game would be it. Except it looks so much bette than any Call of Duty. Also, you obviously need a good rig to max this game out and get playable fps. All in all, it was well worth the money."
,Recommended,302510,21251254,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,BABYRAGE,10/10Eyesgrams
,Recommended,302510,31151070,Posted: 15 April,all,VictorGroza,"Interesting game about ancient Rome. Very cool graphics and not bad optimization. Its shortcomings the game has, you will see them when you pass. Very interesting story, I advise to play.My mark 7/10."
,Recommended,302510,21077859,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,she ylifona shena,მოკლედ ეს არის ჩემი აზრით საუკეთესო თამაში თავის ჟანრში. საუკეთესო გრაფიკით. პირველად რომ ვითამაშე დიდი არ მომწონებია მაგრამ ნელ ნელა მუღამში შევედი და ვნახე რომ ძალიან მაგარი იყო საუკეთესო სთორით თან ყველაზე კარგი ის არის რო აქვს მულტიპლეიერი. მოკლედ ძალიან მაგარი თამაშია <3
,Recommended,302510,19738991,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Effrit,"Story: The story was relatively good and was reasonably well delivered with the initial scene tieing in to the end, however overall it feels too short and could do with a few more minor characters to help flesh it out.Gameplay: Not its strongest feature but on the whole an adequate system which feels similar to other games in this genre.The upgrade system was not overly well explained nor seemed to have any impact on the game. Some of the boss fights were frustrating with having to wait for enemy bosses to attack so you can dish out a 1-2 riposte. Any other attacks are autoblocked, making the fights slow and a waited out rather than an actual challenge or enjoyable experience.Graphics: This is obviously were the game really shines. Texture detail on the whole is remarkable however this is sometimes let down by the meshes not being as smooth as they could be on some of the characters. (I could be wrong about this).The Lighting, shadowing, water and fire effects, sky and clothing movement is all top notch however.Overall: An enjoyable romp through some viseral and eyecatching combat, let down by the short and narrow story along with poor boss fights."
,Recommended,302510,23876896,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,〓 iZnoGouD,"♕ 8/10 ♕Very PositiveCrytek still got itIt a lot like a movie and that what ya get is nothing short of amazing, from the stellar music, good ol classic story of revenge with great characters, very satisfying 'Hack and Slay' fighting system - with a proper amount of gore and above all some of the best graphics and facial expressions ever seen to date.If you think QTE are repetitive, you can say the same for any Hack and Slash game out there, or any shooter where you are just mowing down stuff all day with guns.All in all, Crytek created a beautiful game, which is definitely too short. If they developed it further, created alternative choices of events, enabled stealth kills, using tactics and an open world it would be a 10/10 for me. (Personally, I would like to see all the elements from Shadow of Mordor combined in Ryse - then it would be perfect.)I want to end my Review with someingameimpressions (Spoiler Free)http://imgur.com/a/zPSSG"
,Recommended,302510,23979208,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ Hor1zon ✪,"I spend 5 hours+ to finish this game.It is a good movie, although it is too short.9/10不错的游戏，有些场景截的好可以当壁纸。就是剧情短了点中文补丁什么的，蒸汽动力搜搜就有了"
,Recommended,302510,16665067,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wyatt Derp,"The combat in Ryse has a visceral, heavy feel to it that makes you keep coming back for more and more and more. I didn't even realize I could upgrade my character in the single player campaign until I'd beat it already so by the time I made it to the end I was a master at not being hit and had every single execution you could unlock. Once you finish the campaign, step into the Colliseum for some co-op slaughterfests!  9/10 super fun game!"
,Not Recommended,302510,13227239,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,.weiv,"bad video game, nice tech demo."
76561198017923831,Recommended,302510,20074416,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Xaverius,"Ryse: Son of RomeThis game first came to my attention when I saw the teaser trailer a while ago. Immediately caught my eye because of the beautifull graphics and the setting. (I'm a big 'swords & sandals' fan) So therefor will this review not be 100% objectively, my apologies.First thing I do before buying a game is reading it's current reviews, as I did with this game. Most of them were positive with a few rotten apples ofcourse. The thing that bothered me the most at the time was the lenght of the game. Roughly 6 - 8 hours to complete the campaign on Centurion Difficulty.People suggested to buy the game only when it was on sale meanly for that reason. Thanks to our Savior Gabe we have big sales. So I descided to buy the game.My conclusion:Yes, it's a short game. But the best way to describe it is, a hell of a rollorcoaster ride! Beautifull cutscenes, evoirements, smooth combat executions. Very enjoyable online options (arena, lvling up, gearing up). I've had a great time playing this game even though it was short. But I rather have a short good exciting game, than a long dull boring game that I can't seem to finish.So if you are looking for a good time for let's say a stormy day. This is your game ! Fast cool action, cool story, and Romans!I hope you will like this game as much as I did, see you in the arena Gladiator !"
,Recommended,302510,19353672,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Warrior,"This game is great, has awesome combat and is really smooth to play overall. The story isn't bad either. The graphics are damn awesome. Its an all around pretty damn good game. Pick it up in a steam sale. 8/10"
76561197981513845,Recommended,302510,17358454,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AlexTheRussian,"Wet blood coats the sandAnother falls before meGods watching in fear.Outstanding game.While a subject of controversy for being flagship of Xbox One with microtransactions, all of this has been removed from Steam release and now, it's glorious.The story if somewhat bland, entertains long enough to forget about it and focus on the gameplay which is outstanding by all counts. It combines fluid fighting of Batman ""Arkham"" style games with viceral gore of being a gladiator/centurion of Roman empire. Executions that performed on every enemy once certain amount of damage is done to them are numerous and varied, from single to double executions to environment executions, counting probably around 50 different kinds, although some will get repetetive after a while.Additional challenge can be found in solo and 2 player arenas, however, once enough levels and equipment is gathered through random in-game currency purchases (earn gold in arena -> purchase a booster that contains guarantied 3 items of certain quality -< repeat), the arena becomes a bit too east. Without scalable challenge, interest will wane quickly.However, survival mode (2 player only) pits you against unlimited enemies in 7 different arenas (most of them are ill suited for the purpose, but still very challenging) with a task to survive as long as possible while your health drains. At first, surviving past 10 minutes is a challenge, but with good equipment, 27+ minutes are possible and more skilled people will go far beyond that.Game is extremely easy to learn but relatively hard to master. Visual rollercoster, great andrenaline rush.If you ever wanted to be a Gladiator, this is it."
76561197997400212,Recommended,302510,13674080,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,XCRage,"Ryse is probably one of the single most beautiful games I've ever played. It has a great story, and decent voice acting to go with it. The combat is a little repetitive, and I'll admit that it seems a little short, plus it crashed on me several times (I also had to play it in windowed mode, running an ATI card) but damn, I'll admit that by the end, I certainly left the game feeling like I had got my money's worth, and was totally blown away with the environments, and animation.Put it this way: Ryse is a revenge movie/game, set in Rome. It's a like a big summer pop-corn blockbuser: bigger than life, in your face, and full of spectacle. Do you like Rome? Do you like special effects? Do you like action stories? Do you want to feel like the hero of an amazing action story? If you do, you'll probably be more than happy with what Ryse has to offer.I didn't even attempt to bother with the multiplayer, so I can't say anything about that side of it."
,Recommended,302510,24792761,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DAZ187,"Graphics and voice are amazing, combat is well done. The game is repetitive, yes, but also short enough for the repetition not to become boring."
76561198003113896,Recommended,302510,13628278,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Chambers,"I had a lot of fun playing this game,  I didn't mind the QTE executions, or the ""lack"" of enemy variety.  The combat reminds me a little bit of the batman games, with parrys and counters.  If i had paid full price maybe I would have been a little disapointed but for 25$ I think it was worth it.  It looks amazing, and the combat is fun.  If you enjoy combat games and it's on sale I recomend it for sure."
,Recommended,302510,32967449,Posted: 28 June,all,woolrus,its ok i guess
,Recommended,302510,28616198,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,A Notably Superior Pringle,"Ryse: Son of Rome is an absolutely stunning game in almost every aspect. Graphics are great, mechanics are astonishing, level design is outstanding and the story is amazing. it's well optimized for PC, I've only encountered a single bug and that was fixed by reloading from my last checkpoint. I'm honestly surprised the game's on sale for as low as 5 dollars, and it's definitely worth the purchase on sale or not."
76561198049036335,Recommended,302510,23142326,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Coco,"This game really surprised me. I expected the usual type of fighting game with somewhat cumbersome controls and repeating gameplay. But it turned out to be much more than this.First of all I would say that Ryse has the very best graphics I've seen in a video game yet. The look and realism are mindblowing all the way through. The story, although linear, is epic and exciting. The levels have predefined paths to take (so it's not open world), but are beautifully designed with lots of detail.The combat system is easy at first, but gets more challenging as stronger enemies appear. The player won't be successful if he just keeps hitting the attack buttons like in any arbitrary ARPG. Instead, one needs to make use of blocking and perform the required actions in the right moment. Timing is essential here. In return, successful ""executions"" will yield a reward for the player, which depends on what he selected previously. It may be health, focus points (used for special attacks), increased damage or increased experience. The choice can be made anytime in a fight and lasts until another choice is made. This way, fighting becomes somewhat tactical too, which is a nice addition to the usual click-and-kill.Additionally, there's not just sword fighting, but also ranged fights using a pilum (a javelin-like throwing weapon), fights to defend hordes of enemies using a ballista or even fights where the player commands a whole group of Romans to get through an enemy rain of arrows.I found the game very enjoyable, albeit a bit short (I finished it in about 8.5 hours). However, besides the single player campaign, there's also a multiplayer mode. I haven't tried it yet, but I'm sure it provides even more fun.Here's a word a warning though: The game probably isn't for you if you're highly sensitive towards violence. There's a lot of violence in this game and it's quite explicit too. Nevertheless, although a bit exaggerated, it really fits the story.All in all, if you don't mind a linear story and maps with predefined paths to go (and if you can deal with the violence), I highly recommend this game for you. For me, it was well worth the money and I'll most likely give it a replay some day."
,Recommended,302510,13132052,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ErbanVision,"Ryse son of rome is Flawed but has one of the most immersive campaign that i have seen this year.The set pieces are awesome and the visual are jaw dropping (the best of 2014 on pc)The combat system is very repetitive and way to casual, but Ryse Son of Rome still manages to be a fun and engaging experience.The pc port is a very well optimized (considering that it is a xbox one port), you will need a expensive rig if you want to maximize the 4 k resolution.You should try out Ryse son of rome whether you own a xbox one or a good pc rig but be warned it is not perfect and it has some flaws.7.3/10 Verdict: Recommended"
76561197974006584,Recommended,302510,26593533,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Malik,"things i disliked- short length- quick time events-soo many cut secnes-one narrow path to the destination-some times lags on my beast pcthings i liked-The Graphics-story-the gore-the settings-voice  actings-georgeous locationsI definately recommend this game if its under 25$, but would give it a thumb down if this was 79$"
76561198031346440,Recommended,302510,21327447,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Supah Steve,"Ryse: Son of Rome is one of those games that looks amazing and great at first sight, but after a few hours of playing it becomes repetive and boring. While this sounds really negative and might convince you not to buy this game is understandable, but hear me out for a sec.I definitly don't recommend this game for the full price. Buy it in a sale when it's really cheap, because most people won't make it past 10 hours of playtime (this includes the whole singleplayer storyline).However for some achievementhunters like myself, the game (and definitly the multiplayer stuff) might stay fun for a longer time. In my opinion the multiplayer arenas were fun for a while, but the challenges stay the same so they can get boring fast. The only part of this game I really enjoyed was the survival co-op gamemode, it's quite challenging and can really test your skill. It's only unfortunate that it's the least popular gamemode or it takes the longest to pair me at least.The biggest problem with this game however is how it bugs out all the time and it doesn't do what you want or the camera gets stuck in weird angles or the animations take longer than they seem to (but maybe that's some lagg from my computer). And these problems only get worse if you play on legendary mode. Normally you can play the game at an easy pace, but on legendary mode (when you're threatened a lot of the time and your moves are more critical) it bugged me a lot how it seemed the game was screwing me.So yeah, to end this review I'll say that overal I enjoyed playing this game and will play some more co-op in the future. Most of my problems were with the singleplayer and legendary mode, although the story itself is pretty decent (only really short). Another problem could be that the gameplay is a bit repetitive, but this will depend from person to person. So I DO recommend this game, only not at full price!Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,302510,21095821,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Onim,Just finished the game. Hope to see more people playing Co-op. Add me if you want to play with me.
,Recommended,302510,20781199,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,WayneKing,One of the most visually stunning games ever. Story is less than impressive but I found some of the charcters pretty cool.The game ran on medium-high settings at 1080p 60fps with a ASUS Strix 960 2gb and a G3258 @4ghz
,Recommended,302510,22153588,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,enamkhan171,"This game is a Awesome... Action Packed, Emarsive but do not chalenge you enough. Visuals alone gives it 10/10. Gameplay  5/10. Sound 9/10. Story 8/10."
,Recommended,302510,29248510,Posted: 14 January,all,Cybersanz,I recommend this game for those that like the Shawdow of Mordor style of games.  I finished it in 13.2 hours but went straight through and didn't try to get many achievments.   I prefer keyboard and mouse but combat was easier for me with my Steam Game Pad.
,Recommended,302510,21755063,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,⚔ ElƵorro ⚔,"It's just like a ♥♥♥♥ing epic dance-battle simulator only with weapons, severe violence, mild nudity, great music and lots of action...and without the dance-crap --> What could be better?!Update: Okay, for me the end was bugged and I had to watch the epilogue via YouTube..."
76561198156100436,Recommended,302510,29723668,Posted: 5 February,all,Peak,"Great game, shame it takes 30min to find a coop match"
,Recommended,302510,22217263,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,sunnyslab,Very good slasher!
,Recommended,302510,24022350,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zoran,"Pros:-Graphics-Animations-Story-EndingCons:-Repetitive gameplay(which could be boring for some, although it was not a big deal for me)-No customizable hotkeys-Short campaign(which is kind of normal considering the fact that the game was developed by chrytek which is known for its short stories)Everyone who wants to be a leader, play as a somewhat overpowered character who can take on 10 enemies at once easily(while being able to pull of amazing stunts that can be upgraded through ingame farming), but still may have some hard times against some ""bosses"" and likes being in the centre of focus/attention should buy this game immediately, it is definetly worth its prize."
,Recommended,302510,22133560,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Standin.nicenicefire,"pretty decent game with good graphics and story. however, the gameplay is a bit repetitive.i would say pick it up if it's on sale for at least 60% off it's priceedit: the multiplayer seems a bit fun as well with good matchmaking"
,Recommended,302510,21011650,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,djschaum520,"In a nutshell the game looks gorgeous, but combat is extremely repetative. Also, this game is full of quick time events.If you want your money's worth, only buy it on sale for $10 or less6.5/10"
76561198100465538,Recommended,302510,21083450,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,PHiLosophy X,"Friends, Romans, countrymen lend me your ears.....So, I've given this a fair few hours in both solo and multiplayer and feel I've seen enough to give a review.The first thing to say is that the game does look pretty impressive; the level of detail found in the game assets and environments is wonderful to behold. The character models are good, the lip synching not too bad and the acting top notch for the most part. It's very much a cinematic experience. It's not going to win many awards for historical accuracy but on the whole you do get a compelling atmospheric version of ancient Rome. Presentation and menus are nice but navigating it is a bit clunky, You soon get used to it however.The gameplay is fairly one dimensional and repetitive but that doesn't mean that it isn't fun, because it is! Essentially this is a third person hack and slash adventure where you block and hack away at an assortment of barbarians. It's fairly easy to pick up and keyboard/mouse is fine if you don't have a controller. Fighting is similar to the Batman games or Devil May Cry but perhaps a little more simplistic. You do get to do some impressive combos and it's quite satisfying chaining them all together. The executions are really quick-time events and it doesn't matter too much if you get them wrong as the end result is the same - dismembered barbarian! The animations for this are good but after a while you know which ones are coming. The campaign so far has kept me interested and there is a hint of the supernatural to the story. There are a number of artifacts/letters scattered about to find so there is a bit of a replay factor there. I'd recommend playing on one of the higher difficulties.Multiplayer is more of the same but in an arena. It's actually pretty fun and there are four modes to mess about with, (although they are not all that different). There are some tasks to complete whilst running around the arena in your attempt to survive. The arenas are varied and are pretty cool as it all moves about. The multiplayer appears to only support two players, which is a shame as a four player arena experience could have been good fun. You do get to customize your fighter though through experience points and gold. Supporting one of four gods will also affect your experience in the arena.On the whole it's an average game with above average visuals that's fun to play. I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price but if it's cheap in a steam sale, why not give it a go.This game scores 7 out of 10"
76561198216404452,Recommended,302510,21606538,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,There Be Dragons,"Updating this review since I see the game has just gone on sale!TL;DRThis game is good.I really recommend this one, it is a very fun and satisfying campaign and story, and offers replayability and MP so you can keep going.Pros:- Great cutscenes - Just very graphically well done and acted- A fantastic and interesting story that gives you a reason to do what you are doing- Easy gameplay to learn, but you can always up the difficulty or try for more double executions to keep it challenging- Small ""mini games"" where you command troops and can approach enemies with soldiers aroudn you- Multiplayer is fun!  Levels go quicker once you learn how the dynamic works, and is always exciting to open your newly aquired equipment!- Acheivements are attainable and don't require any grinding- Can unlock attributes that allow you to play the game your way as you goCons:- I really can't think of any ""con"" for this game, *especially on sale*.  What I will say is the campaign is not very long - 6 hours maybe?  But I enjoyed it immensely.  The game only crashed once for me after a very long session.  The multiplayer is not very populated, but there are always lots of people in the discussion boards to play with - or buy it with a friend and play! Sidenote - you can also do the multiplayer stuff as a solo session to get yourself some upgrades while you find a teammate - I also recommend starting the campaign first to learn how to Ryse before going straight to MP.None of these are really cons for me, so I say go for it and enjoy!"
76561197985704842,Recommended,302510,16766807,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GLORIOUS_DESS,"FOR THE GLORY OF ROME!! FANTASTIC!!!!!My fingers are trembling as I type this review, my arm pits are awash with sweat, my veins flow with adrenaline and my eyes burn with glee. No other game since THQ and Relic's SPACE MARINE made me laugh out loud with SOOOO MUCH VIOLENCE. I am 31 years of age and haven't had THIS MUCH FUN playing games for a very long time. Ryse: Son of Rome, has to be one of the BEST games of the decade, and I am glad it was released on the PC at last.The game is gorgeous, well detailed, the plot line is solid enough for it's size, the voice acting EXTREMELY well done and the combat system...Oh la LAAAAAAAAA the combat system is the key to the game's success. You start off learning to strike opponents with your gladius, soon after that you are learning the intricacies of breaking shielded opponent's guards, evading their heavy attacks, parrying incoming attacks with your shield and executing foes for their folly. Yes, you heard right, YOU EXECUTE YOUR FOES at the end of a successful bout which in itself is a rewarding climactic end to every fight.Now most people criticize the quick time events that also underlies this game's mechanics, I do not. I think it is very well implemented here. I LOVE QUICK TIME EVENTS. I mean, who cares? when done right and makes me involved with the game to such a satisfying end, that end truly does justify the means.Alas, I started playing this game just this past Friday and finally finished the single player campaign this Sunday evening, just before I began typing this review. And even then, Crytek did gamers a massive solid with the multiplayer mode where you can co-op gladiatorial matches with a buddy. If you can't find a partner you will feel just at home battling AI controlled barbarian hordes in the solo aspect of the multiplayer. This is what I am doing at the moment, and it is no less fun. IT IS very satisfying and I enjoy executing barbarian scum with glee. (For realsies though, it really is a blast).So! To conclude I give Ryse: Son of Rome a 10 / 10 on my review grade. The game is a masterwork and people that criticize it for it's use of quick time events are mad and must be crazy! By apollo!!Dudes, duddettes, do me a favour and add this game to your list of purchases. You will not regret it and as aforementioned, I give it a 10 / 10; would Son of Rome again.:}"
76561198013674073,Recommended,302510,18576690,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sedelf,"Breathtaking.9/10.Pros:*Beautiful.*Great soundtrack.*Great combat.*Epic cinematic storytelling.Cons:*Story gets a bit weird for a few seconds.*Replay value isn't the highest.Ryse: Son of Rome is an awesome game. It's great fun to fight the hordes of barbarians or other enemies you may come across. Combat is mainly hack-and-slash with some quick-time-events for special bonuses or certain fights. If that's not your thing, pass. The storytelling is one of the best I've ever seen in a game. The story itself is solid enough, even if it does get a little weird, but the way they tell the story, the cinematic experience, is what makes it. The character's faces and lips and expressions are so vivid and life like, and it truely feels like you're watching an epic film when not in gameplay. The visuals are simply superb, and if your computer can handle it, there's few that beat it."
,Recommended,302510,20434687,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,jack,"Awesome game, not enough game play:("
,Recommended,302510,20297794,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Vargr,"If you loved the good ol' Spartan Total Warrior, you should definitely buy this one. My only complain is the story, too short, let us hope for a sequel."
76561198246487192,Recommended,302510,19587769,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Srinapp,omfg awesome shizz
,Recommended,302510,20758155,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,satsun,"This is a review of my single-player experience, I have not played multi-player.Gameplay isn't very deep, it's basically a beat 'em up with quick-time events and the ability to level up your character and recover resources as you complete certain fight actions. It took me about 7 hours to complete and I usually take my time so it's not very long. The best thing about the gameplay is that the fights didn't last long enough for me to get frustrated with the reptition (I don't take too kindly to long battles with repetitive play just to have a long battle).The sound is good and the graphics are nice but it seems a bit demanding. I ran it at 1440p with a mix of high/normal settings, AA and super sampling disabled, on a GTX 970 and it was fine but it did have some stutters. I typically run games in full-screen mode with no issues, but for Ryse I had to run it in borderless windowed mode to keep from having performance issues. That was really the only problem, otherwise the game worked fine.I'd say that the best part of the game was the story, it is put together well and has good foreshadowing that you recognize later in the game. There are some bits I don't completely understand but at the end I drew my own real conclusion.Ryse kinda reminds me of how games were back in the days before gigantic stories and 40+ hour play times were common; it is short and to the point."
,Recommended,302510,14172164,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"Ryse: Son of Rome was a good experience for me. It is a beautiful game that has its flaws as many games generally do. The pros outweigh the cons. I was engaged to the story to a certain extent and the combat was enjoyable only in the beginning then it became ridiculously repetitive. Enemy models were the same throughout the campaign but regardless, the story kept me going and the visuals were fantastic. The soundtrack is nothing fantastic and I doubt it is memorable. I can't recommend Ryse at full price but I would definitely recommend it at half the price. Multiplayer was also great, although I havent played enough of it to know if it gets as boring as the combat in the campaign. There are way too many rome stories nowadays so if you recently saw a movie or read a book or whatever, take a break from it so as not to be turned off by what this game offers. It certainly is not groundbreaking in terms of writing but you can't miss it.6/10 best benchmark for your PC"
,Recommended,302510,22354288,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Walter O'Dim,"Superb visuals, good audio, typical roman characters, fighting mechanism complex like schematic of a hammer. Quite interesting story, but nothing revolutionary."
,Recommended,302510,22531642,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Decebal,"Entertaining, sword slashing, blood bursting fun game.The only awkward feeling is that it's relatively a short game.P.S.: side boobs and nipple pasties"
,Recommended,302510,22391247,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Three-eyed Raven,worth it for $2.5 game. amzing graphic and action
76561198117521383,Recommended,302510,21347965,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DarthCupcake,"For such a simple game, it kind of captivated me. The graphics are beautiful, the character development is phenomenal, and the story is interesting enough for how short it is. The multiplayer is kind of dead, but if you can find a buddy then it's very enjoyable."
,Recommended,302510,23987347,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gemanoneko,"It is beautifull, not too serious, not to hard, not too long. Almost casual. Really entertaining after long day at work."
76561198031324041,Recommended,302510,14207737,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"Maxed out one of the most beautiful games i have ever seen. Storyline is a knock off of Gladiator/ Immortals or maybe a homage to those films.The soundtrack was ok but nothing special, voice acting was above average. The combat was a tad repetitive but never bothered me much as i loved looking at those executions over and over.The length was the only real negative for me, if you rush through you can possibly finish in just 6 hours, so that being said maybe better waiting for a sale."
76561197995239386,Recommended,302510,33073546,Posted: 1 July,all,Kedic,"Short and not overly complicated.  It is none the less a very entertaining game.  I played on a game pad and the right stick controls the camera, as well as the scorpion in some sequences and being unable to reverse the vertical axis was somewhat annoying.  Graphically this is very pretty, the music is top notch and the combat is fun.  Well worth the $5.50 when on sale."
,Recommended,302510,28821984,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Judassem,"I've just finished the game and here are my impressions.+ You may find this a little weird, but what impressed me most about this game is the voice acting. It is phenomal, one of the best I've ever seen in a game. Especially the actor who did Basilius has made an outstanding performance. All throughout the game, I felt like I was watching a movie thanks to the excellent voice acting, which really improved the atmosphere of the game.+ Speaking of which, the whole game really plays like a movie. The voice acting, the action-packed scenario and the brilliant cinematography make the game come alive and feel like you are in a cinema. I was never bored while playing.+ The graphics are astounding. I have a GTX 660, so I couldn't crank the game to maximum (well, I could but it slowed down too much in battles). Even in Medium, the graphics were superb. The only criticism I have about the graphics is that every single Roman soldier in the game has a shiny, polished, pristine armor which looks like it has never seen battle. Even in battle cutscenes you can see that every Roman's armor is fresh from the forge even though they have been fighting for hours.+ The soundtrack is quite good. It's not mind-blowing, per se, but it fits the atmosphere quite well.+ The animations are really well-done. The executions are quite varied and I was never fed up with seeing the same animaton over and over.+ The few QTE events there were were very well-placed and never out of place. The game never becomes a QTE-show.+ I've had no crashes, and experienced only one minor bug which forced me to restart from the last chekpoint. The game has no stability issues.+/- I've played multiplayer for only about half an hour, so I can't really comment on it.- There are many collectibles in the game and the comics are especially good, as they explain the background of the game and what happens to other characters in the backstage. However, they are in really difficult-to-find positions and even though I tried to visit all alternate routes and off-the-path places, I could collect only half of the comics and two thirds of the scrolls. They could have made them a little easier to find.- The scenario could be longer. It certainly doesn't feel like it's rushed, but it feels like they were afraid to take the long way after a certain event in the game. Something happens towards the end of the game, and then you set out to kill 2 guys. After that, you almost immediately get to the point of killing them. They could have fit in a whole 50% more of the game about going on an adventure to find those 2 guys. It feels like they got lazy and didn't bother themselves with prolonging the story.In summary, I really loved this game. It may not be GOTY material, but it's certainly one of the better game that came out in 2014. I enjoyed it from the beginning to the end, and I was actually left wanting more of it when it was finished. Even though it's technically almost 3 years old, it can definitely hold up now. Hell, it has much better graphics than many games that came out 1-2 years after it. I certainly recommend it."
,Recommended,302510,24431499,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜSpectral ๖ۣۜKnight,"Great game, great story, great soundtrack, great gameplay especially with a controller and the most beautiful feature of this is the astonishing graphics. On the other hand it is a little bit too violent and I think this is making the game to departure from reality NOT to get close of it. Worth to give it a try. (75/100 for me)"
,Recommended,302510,32762964,Posted: 25 June,all,Dragoon Slayer,"Good game. A bit on the short side. Mechanics are...fairly standard, not as well polished as they could be.But I wanted to play as a Roman Centurion and that's what I got."
,Recommended,302510,32893264,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.Trash,Although combat/boss fights get pretty repetitive I think the story makes up for it.
76561197982284367,Recommended,302510,22127682,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,inhs777,I don’t know what is not to like with this game.  Great graphics.  Interesting story line.  I thought the story and how your character advances through it were well designed and I enjoyed the game immensely.
76561198106329090,Recommended,302510,23984376,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gnasher,"Great graphics, very complex fighting in the game. It has a strong story line and a great back drop of ancient Rome. It offers a great challenge. Not a game i wold normally buy and play but I thought I would give it a go. Was happy."
,Recommended,302510,31474888,Posted: 30 April,all,Afor,"Ryse: Son of Rome Review by AforPlatform: PCGenre: ActionDeveloper: CrytekPublisher: CrytekDon’t play with the god’s affairsSummaryRyse: Son of Rome is a hack and slash, third person action game that tells a story about a Roman soldier, Marius Titus, whose family was killed by the Britons. This makes Marius seek out revenge, as he goes through a campaign with the Roman army to kill the barbarian’s leader. Only if Marius knew that there were other forces at stake…Graphics – 5/5This is really the main strength of the game. The cutscenes are extremely well done, the facial animations are spot on, which gives a real life-like feel to the game, and the world and its surroundings are stunning to look at. Definitely one of the best looking games I have seen so far.Sound – 5/5The sound quality is actually very good. The voice acting is not superb, but it gets close to it and generally gives you the feeling that the voice actors were not just reading a line. They were instead giving life to the character and adapting their voice to the situation they were in. Although not revolutionary, the soundtrack is very well placed within the game and well-adjusted to the situation you are in.  The overall ambient sounds are crystal clear and of high quality, which helps you to feel like you are in the world you’re playing. All things considered, the sound is top notch.Gameplay – 3/5The gameplay is centered around combat and this is probably the game’s biggest flaw. Although fun, the combat can become repetitive pretty quickly because you can only do 4 main actions: attack, defend, push your enemy with your shield to break his defense or dodge. Besides, your combat will be filled with counter attacks and same old moves. Furthermore, although the executions are pretty awesome to look at, they will become repetitive and predictable, since the QTE (Quick-Time Events) are pretty much reduced to 2 button combinations. There are some boss and mini boss battles which keep things somewhat fresh but ultimately the majority of time you will be fighting with a handful of types of enemies. This really shows the lack of variety in combat. I would like to see more types of attacks and more options to fight your enemies, like for example fighting with maces, in addition to seeing more diverse enemies. Also it would be nice to play more “special sections” (like shooting with the ballista or making the square formation with shields), as well as these being more varied, such as, for instance, being able to shoot from a catapult. Talking about the content, the single-player only takes you 5 to 7 hours, depending on the difficulty setting. This makes it a bit short for my taste and the game didn’t give itself a chance to be better in terms of character development and overall storytelling. However, you can extend your playtime if you hop on to multiplayer which is good, for the most part. It has got some levels and various cooperative missions.Story – 3.5/5This felt like a wasted opportunity. Ryse: Son of Rome was able to create a pretty interesting set of characters but failed to create gripping stories for these. Basically it only touched the surface of many characters but didn’t really go deep to try and tell their backgrounds and the reasoning for why they do what they do. I would like to see more of Boudica, Oswald , Nero and his sons, for example. There were some scenes in the game that carried emotional connection with it, like thedeath of Oswald, so that’s a plus. But, generally speaking, this game lacked character development. Overall, it was a decent story but I get the sense that it could have been much better.NotesCollectibles (vistas, scrolls and chronicles) don’t really add much to the game.The few choices you make in combat when leading your troops could have been exploited in a different way.Overall score – 7.5/10Stunning graphics, great sound quality but a repetitive combat and untapped potential in terms of storytelling, along with a decent to good multiplayer make Ryse: Son of Rome an enjoyable but flawed experience, which is shown in the latter parts of the game.Belongs in my personal best:No"
,Recommended,302510,30367508,Posted: 6 March,all,Decim (デキム Dekimu),great multiplaeyer fast reaction game. if you are bored then play this game. Stunning graphics and storyline of Damocles
76561198032597790,Recommended,302510,29706498,Posted: 4 February,all,The Reaper,"a very fun and fast past hack and slash, GOW style, button mashing and quick click combinations to create perfect synergy and combos.with an interesting story with a great co op multiplayer arena.with character development for both off line and online champs.highly recommended."
,Recommended,302510,14246930,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,CALL ME PAPAAA! ™,"I really enjoyed playing this game.Graphics are beautiful.Face animations + voice standing are great.Storyline was predictable except for the ending.Gameplay length varies, if you take time doing the collectibles.Combat was easy to get use to quick.I played on centurion. I would play again on legendary8.5/10 Get it while on sale!"
,Recommended,302510,33445928,Posted: 10 July,all,HunterXCooL,A good game with short campaign (It's a good thing actually)...Gets pretty repetitive till the end...
,Recommended,302510,22135523,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Uncle Rubitslow,"Love the story, multiplayer needs some work and overall it is a 9/10. Got it on sale for $5 and it was worth $50 if i were to buy it for that much. Beautiful graphics and awesome gameplay with easy controls."
,Recommended,302510,33491426,Posted: 12 July,all,Desaix,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third person game with a lot of quick-time events during the Roman Empire. Originally made for Xbox One to show off its wonderful graphics, it got ported to the pc eventually. Visuals are the game's greatest strength: Characters, animation and environment all look great. Combat is mostly about rightly timed mouse button clicks which takes some time to get used to. Keep in mind that if the enemy changes his colour to blue, you need to press your left mouse button. And if the enemy changes to yellow, you need to press your right mouse button. Somehow, the developers made a bad job to explain this better.The biggest gripe I have with this game is the wasted potential. It could have been a masterpiece about the Roman Empire where you are fighting endless hordes of savage barbarians. Yet the game ended up being a bad console port with a somewhat fun experience as long as it lasts.+ great visuals+ memorable scenes and scenery+ you are a Roman soldier who fights for civilization+ many interesting cutscenes+ developers have guts to show a lot of blood, gore, nudity and other things I won't mention here.+ testudo formation+ some kill streaks are very nice-- bad console port where you will often experience sudden fps drops even if your pc is very strong.- you can't remap the controls. inexcusable- no fov slider. it's just too zoomed in. you could fix it with the cheat engine though.- too linear- combat could be more complex- very easy- NOT historically accurate and it gets worse later on- lasts about 5-6 hours- Romans have a British accent. please hire some Italians next time.Bugs and other informations:- I fell through the ground once. Loading the last checkpoint helped me.- cheat engine for fov fixhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=860078513- best advice to reduce sudden frame drops with nvidia cards is to turn off vsync in the game settings. Leave the game and go to your nvidia control panel. Add ryse.exe to its game list. After adding ryse.exe, go to vertical sync and change it to ""adaptive"". It still not perfect, but it will improve a bit.https://steamcommunity.com/app/302510/discussions/0/619568192815339833/Replay value: low (too linear, combat isn't complex enough, bad console port)Rating: 7/10Recommendation: Yes, but only if you tolerate sudden frame drops and no remapping of controls.Worth: don't pay more than 5 bucks since it only lasts for about 5-6 hours"
76561198015526767,Recommended,302510,13307748,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,NIN2,Best 10 hours of my week! If you have a capable pc to turn up the beauty you will experience the blood and gore of the Roman Empire first hand.
,Recommended,302510,22186362,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,killer1one1,"Quick and dirty character action/hack'n'slash game. Campaign is entertaining (especially if you have any affinity towards the time period) and it plays more like a big budget action movie than a deep 3D brawler. Knowing that, if you're not a gameplay snob, I'd say pick this game up on the cheap, it's great fun while it lasts (especially the arena level). There is a multiplayer mode set in the Arena as well, but it's pretty forgettable (wave-based survival co-op with some variations). Check it out, at least it's pretty."
76561198371980327,Recommended,302510,33403486,Posted: 9 July,all,Maknazaezar,GOOD GAME
76561198051013538,Recommended,302510,22145060,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,playboi,For $5 dollars this game is worth it.
,Recommended,302510,23941419,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Flck,"Alright, alright.Repetitive gameplay, like this was a resource test game to show off. like a tech demo. this game just doesn't feel completed. it feels cut short many moments. it could have been better.Single player is only 6 hours long on hardest.No one playing co-op or multiplayer.10-/+ ""unique"" enemys, but tactics never change.Same models being used.Even hardest mode too easy.But fun nonethelessAlso high amount of details.Yes, it is worth 5,-buy to benchmark your pc. kappaGo get it, it is pretty good to experience, but you'll want more."
,Recommended,302510,22156064,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PerMaBaked™,best hack and slash ive played and was only R55 good bargain
,Recommended,302510,20960421,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,hawk_212,"Less of a game, more of a movie... a very enjoyable movie well worth a sale price so keep it on your wishlist"
76561198061861525,Recommended,302510,19710735,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,macey52,Good game looks amazing really lots of fun
76561197984791454,Recommended,302510,19710981,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jim,"Loved itPros: Cool story, great animations, Stunning graphicsCons: Repetitive, not very long8/10"
,Recommended,302510,22175503,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Big Smoke,"TL:DR: Should I get this game? The answer is yes if you like hack n slash, God of War type of playstyle and of course a bit of Roman history. Otherwise the answer is a no.THE GRAPHICSThe game graphics are powered by CRYENGINE (Unofficialy known as CRYENGINE IV) and the are what you would expect. Pretty, darn, good. The lighting, textures, post-effects, everything is really great looking and I have no complains there at all.THE STORYThe game is about a leggion leader called Marius, who is also known as the ""Son of Rome"". His story starts with a tragedy and ends up as a legend. It takes roughly about 6 hours, so it is by no means a long game but it still feels finished and polished yet leaves somthing to be desired, which the game fulfills in its online compartment.THE ONLINEThis game offers single-player online experinece as well it's main CO-OP mode, where you can chose from up to 4 different game settings and over 30 different game areas to fight on. While it may seem repetitive for some I found it quite enjoyable and had plenty of hours spent in it as we speak and will probably spent some more as the rewards keep unlocking the more you play. You play from modes of arena where you have to survive the round by doing the tasks given to you in order to proceed, the survival where you have to fight hordes of enemies and gain bonus experience upon reaching certain time and endless mode where you fight to your last breath.THE CONCLUSIONAs the TL:DR section said, if you like the type of games where you slash the enemies in half, decapitate them and cut their limbs off in epic slow motion manner, with the game mechanics similar to those in God of War, then this game is definitely for you, otherwise wait for the sale and take it anyway as it's worth the money."
76561198024801447,Recommended,302510,14231711,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Cipher,Excellent game very very fun except its very repetetive and the multiplayer matches should have had some sort of pvp even if it was just the two gladitaors sqauring off at the end against each other for the supreme champion. Graphics are some the best and most emmersive ive ever seen. If you enjoy this time in history its a must have.
,Recommended,302510,24140644,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,A-Nero,awesome game. wonderful. i liked it and enjoyed with great plaesure.
76561198085055226,Recommended,302510,24858686,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kuusipuu,10fps didin't stop romans.
,Recommended,302510,28878777,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rohan,"amazing graphics and really good story! really worth the time to play throught it once, at least!"
76561197969512193,Recommended,302510,35249451,Posted: 27 September,all,hwkeye_,"Simple, easy to learn, short, action game.The campaign is about 6 hours long, some like it some don't but for me it's perfect.The fighting can be somewhat repetative but it's still entertaining.Story is ok, neither good nor bad.If you want to pick something up that you can just relax and have some fun with this is it."
,Recommended,302510,18977506,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TheGamingScouser,grapics 10gameplay 10story 10finishing moves 10multiplayer 10nano suit 10all in all boss game full of stuff to do
,Not Recommended,302510,24344135,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,the lion thing,"The good:+ Looks greatThe bad:- Repetitive combat- Requires minimum effort and most of the game can be played with one hand- Unskippable cutscenes- Force-fed dumb story- Game is too short (4-5 hours, where 1 hour is cutscenes)- Sooo much QTE-based combatMy biggest problem with this game, is that it forces me to experience this as a movie that I'm supposed to take serious. But it's not a good movie, and it's too ridiculous to take seriously. It feels like one long cutscenes interspliced with bits of gameplay. One thing that really irritates me in a game, is when I'm forced to watch a cutscene, then I get to ""play"" by moving my character forward 10 feet, and then it goes into another cutscene. This happens so much in this game, and it is so frustrating to me. I feel so disconnected from the character I'm supposed to be embodying. It's more like borrowing the character than actually playing as him.This falls heavily within the ""press forward to game""-category, where you're not really playing as much as you are moving a character from cutscene to cutscene, or from cutscene to QTE-based fights. It's a cinematic experience (I guess), so if you're into that sort of thing, try it out. If you want an actual game, then don't buy this."
,Recommended,302510,20206496,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Silverback,"I absolutely loved the game.Story is very short, I agree. That's the only con so far. But a very very nice story.Combat get's repititive, but the combat is fun.Graphics - best part of the game. Damn. I can keep staring at this game all day and still wont get tired because of the superb graphics.Soundtracks - another best part of the game. The soundtracks are extremely immersive, creates such a beautiful atmosphere. It rly feels like I'm the son of rome!"
76561198263036198,Recommended,302510,20434526,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,76561198263036198,Brief ReviewOrignally released solely to try and sell the Xbox One when it launched! It was a Wow factor game. Has landed on PC with not much improvments apart from FPS (Frames Per Second)The story of Ryse is loosely tied to Roman history as it takes place in early AD when Nero was the Emperor and Britannia was at war with RomePros and ConsProsIncredible visual fidelityExemplary actingWell acted cutscenesConsRepetitive Combat rhythmsLack of freedomThe violence/gore is so commonplace it becomes boringAn EndingDont let the visuals pull you in
,Recommended,302510,15222070,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,goseb,- Good combat system- Great storyline- Good multiplayer
,Recommended,302510,13574441,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,graftark,"Ryse is a beautiful game, the areas are full of detail and it feels quite immersive. I enjoyed playing through the game and I am looking forward to another run. The gladiator game mode is also something that will keep me firing up the game from time to time. There are certainly a few things I had issue with, like the fact that the same model was used for each type of fighting style you had to go up against. It was like fighting an army of clones, which you can get away with in the sci-fi genre but not in Ancient Rome/Europe."
76561198034476187,Recommended,302510,28459995,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,WarmedxMints,"It's just plain rude not to buy this game!Beatiful graphics - checkSuperb voice acting - checkImmersive story - checkArrogant Roman's whom believe they are gods - checkGood combat system - checkFor me, the only downside to this game is the multiplayer co-op has quite a low population so you really need a friend to play it with.   You only need one friend though as it is 2 players max for the online."
,Recommended,302510,22785036,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WAKE ME UP,"Ryse: Son of Romy, among gamers otherwise known as Quickius Timius Eventius, which is a bit of an understatement. Surely, all the fighting you do in this game will consist out of quicktime events, yet in my opinion that is not a bad aspect at all. Playing through all these quicktimes, which end in pretty sweet combat finishers, creates a deep immersion into the combat. You nearly feel like you are there, like you are truely fighting rather than pointless clicking.Besides that, the storyline is quite well written. It might be a cliché, vengeance, but it calls forth lots of sympathy for the main-character. There is also the strong bond with your fellow legionaries, and the epic speeches that make the hairs in your neck stand up. Mix a rather splendid plottwist into that, and your tale is complete. And of cource, there are all kinds of bonusobjects to find withing the game, which require some wandering off the obvious path.Great game, whether you are into the Roman theme or not."
76561198066870364,Recommended,302510,12504633,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dante_DK,"Nice atmospheric single player mission. Awesome story, graphics and sound. It's fairly easy to complete, it's over in about 8 hours. The levels are linear so there's no exploring. The combat style is comparable to Assassins Creed or Batman, just with a whole lot more blood, flying limbs and gore.The two player arena is what really keeps me playing now, it's so much fun. Earning more credits to buy more gear for the gladiator. It's a great challenge in survival mode.I'd say the game is worth the 40$ - otherwise wait untill it's on sale. Either way the game is absolutely worth getting."
,Not Recommended,302510,32342105,Posted: 11 June,all,djangojazz,"Pros: Good graphics, fighting system is timed well and more about exact sequencing than fast button mashing.Cons: Play the first level, get ready for an entire game of the same.  While the button sequencing is great on my Xbox 360 controller I used on PC the gamepad not so much.  Story is very long and involved but you cannot skip and at times it is just seemingly artificially slow to set up dramatic effect that is just not really there.  Hallway walker as you can only go where meant to go.  Upgrade system is not staggered right as you get half your upgrades in the first two levels almost then most of the rest in the next two.  Then wait till near the end of the game to get the rest.While this game did some things well overall it felt like one of those games that tried hard and then midway through just gave up.  And it is pretty short to complete the campaign at just about 8 hours of play.  Thankfully I did not mind.  I would buy this on a steam sale for about $2 to $5 but I could not imagine anyone in their right mind buying this game when it was brand new for $60.  Maybe the multi player is amazing, dunno.  I was too turned off by the campaign to try anything else though."
,Recommended,302510,19741075,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,King Joseph V Stalin,"Fully Reccomend this game. While it's not top of the line historic realism, it's a rather fun to play game and many aspects were good in their respects. Absolutely fantastic game."
76561198053517621,Recommended,302510,25811221,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bootlegger1944,"Less a game and more an interactive sword-and-sandals epic film. If ""Masterpiece"" made a video game, it would look a lot like this- a superbly acted, breathtakingly beautiful and horrifically violent treat that's just as long as it needs to be, but keeps you coming back for more.After completing my first play-through, I immediately restarted the campaign and played through the whole thing again.Ave Roma Aeterna!"
,Not Recommended,302510,24029732,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Serpentheron,Please avoid-badly optimised-had to remove videos from folder for game to launch-lost all my saves at 80%- running badly on i5 6600k + 8 g ddr4 + gtx 680My verdict ; asking for a refund
,Recommended,302510,20368521,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Level1noob,Meh game.6.5/10
76561198029175930,Recommended,302510,16704556,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vakhtang Ishkhneli,this is good game
,Recommended,302510,17965751,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,(PoA) ¿Señor Santiágo?!,"Strength and Honor.Ryse: Son of Romeis as close as you'll get to an action game version of the acclaimed film,Gladiator.  It's the game to play for any history buffs who want to experience the Roman Empire in the shoes of a Legionary.  I'm gladCrytekdecided to make this and was saddened by the sequel's cancellation.  Long story short: visuals & production values are fantastic, the narrative is alright, while the combat mechanics are limited to combo button mash & QTE.The story borrows heavily from other period movies/games/books about Rome.  Nonetheless, I could hardly step away from the game on my first playthrough.  The campaign only runs about 6-7 hours if you're quick.  It's highly cinematic, cutscene heavy and narrative driven.  The timeless classic of a humble soldier who takes up the sword to fight injustice makes me feel a bit like Maximus Decimus Meridius.  Campaign mode is ultra linear which, like so many high quality single player experiences, is tragically brief but jam packed with thrills & TLC.  Every corner you turn brings a carefully constructed encounter.  The levels are chock full of exquisitely detailed areas.Besides breathtaking graphics (even on 1920x1080p), the audio is equally satisfying.  The game is in fact an XBOX One port but doesn't suffer for it on PC as far as I can tell.  It is a demanding, high resource game that'll require a decent machine, even now almost a year after PC release.The biggest thing to understand aboutRyseis combat mechanics, which are entirely combo based & trigger QTE / quick time reaction button mashing for executions.  This might leave people wanting more freedom & complexity after dispatching the thousandth barbarian, but with such a short campaign it remains fun the whole way through & doesn't get old.Combat features color coded combo signals (blue for sword, yellow for shield, green for deflect, red for dodge).  This system rewards proper timing of blocks, dodges, light or heavy attacks with either sword or shield, prudent use of throwing pilum & environmental opportunities.  No, it's not that complex, but I found it to be very engaging in that300movie inspired style of over the top, gory slow-mo melee dramatization!Experience points (or gold, in the arena mode) purchase  new executions & upgrades but sadly there's no clear method by which to trigger these impressive, higher tier combos except for getting your combo hit counter sky high - outside of the arena, there isn't much opportunity to do that.  A ""focus"" resource that plays into Roman mythology as a story tie-in grants extra power that should be reserved for critical moments.I played on the standard difficulty then replayed on Legendary.  Only one or two spots gave me trouble, so I suggest you dive into the harder settings.The arena mode is a different kind of fun, offering solo or 2 player cooperative survival versus waves of AI gladiators.  This mode is pretty well fleshed out with a pile of arena maps that reflect the diverse range of environments you'll find in campaign.  There are multiple objectives, different enemies requiring different strategies, an upgrade system with tiered gear to slot onto head, body, feet, sword, shield & potion (x2).  Frankly I don't know that I'd ever bother to level my gladiator up in arena, but my friends & I had a lot of solid fun with it for a couple of weeks.Ryse: Son of Romeabsolutely delighted me as a fan of this period of history.  You see a variety of settings and situations in Rome, London & Britannia that strongly evoke the romanticized concept of ""Rome.""  If that sounds good to you, I highly recommend."
76561197973422286,Recommended,302510,25130113,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Px15,"The game and the plot are very good, too bad it's too short though.. keeps you wanting more :)"
76561198077801335,Not Recommended,302510,25874362,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kn1VeS,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a beautiful action game that sees the player take control of a Roman Centurion set on the path of vengence. Graphically the game is impressive even though it launched a few years ago. However, the game suffers from some serious fps drops,  even a beefy gaming rig struggled to keep consistent fps in some areas. The music and animations are also really well done, as expected from the developer Crytec.The story is largely forgettable and does just enough to get you from one encounter to the next. There is not much going on with the characters and most fail to make any memorable impression on the player. According to the games initial marketing, where Ryse seeks to stand-out amongst other action games is the gameplay, yet the gameplay is where the game falls pretty flat. Every encounter plays out in the same format: bash an enemy; activate kill sequence; QTE event; move onto next enemy. It doesnt help that there are very few types of enemies to QTE and in the end boredom sets in pretty early. There are collectables to search for throughout levels, but these add little to the Ryse experience unless you're achievement hunting. I didnt have any luck with the multiplayer as the game was unable to find other players, so I wouldnt pick up this game if you are looking for the multiplayer experience.In the end, Ryse is mediocre at best. It gives off an impression of a game designed for gamers two generations ago, but was ported to current generation tech. This is a game worth only picking up on sale."
,Not Recommended,302510,33362062,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"Extremely repetitive and very badly optimized, was sick of the gameplay near the end. Since it's only a five hour game, it's a shame the gameplay is so basic, since the story and characters is superb. Buy for story only on sale and if you have an extremely good gaming pc."
76561198007887341,Not Recommended,302510,23890317,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Uratha,As it was 5 € in the Summer Sale it wasn't a waste of money but instead of time. Yeah the graphics are nice and the kill moves are cinematic but overall the game is plain boring in my humble opinion. Klick to buttons -> finishing move quicktime event over and over again... I mean the whole game just offers 4 enemy types.
,Recommended,302510,21024965,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,talle,Enjoyed every second of it. Just buy this game!
,Recommended,302510,16988204,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Al-Karbi,"Amazing Game but too expensive ! if you want all achievement u will do it maybe in 20 Hours, gotta say amazing story ,, good gameplay but too faaaaaaaaaast and too expensive !"
,Recommended,302510,12686718,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,neO,"Hmm review. The story is not historically accurate but from begin to end it does keep you playing. i must say the combat is fun and fluid, but after some time it does  get  very much repetitive.8/10 for graphics. it does look stunning if you have everything on high6/10 for combat, only reason i rate it ""average"" is because it get repetitive.9/10 for story5/10 for MP.7/10 all round. FUN, BUT nothing really after.."
,Recommended,302510,28623037,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RuiG_87,Ryse is a prime example of how poor reviews can hurt a good game. I went into the game expecting a QTE filled mess however Ryse is a solid hack and slash title with a pretty solid story and stunning visuals. It's pretty obvious that the QTE was tacked on and has little impact on the gameplay outside of racking up score. If you are looking for a short and fun game to fill up some time I can highly recommend you give Ryse a shot.
76561198044034790,Recommended,302510,25643707,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The Tony Show,"Yes it's full of Quicktime Events, but it's actually a fun (if slightly repetitive) brawler.Graphics are absolutely amazing on higher levels, so it's worth it just as a benchmark/showoff piecee if you have the rig for it."
,Recommended,302510,25781185,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,"If you can pick it up cheap it's a very pretty, satisfyingly violent game. The campaign is very short but very enjoyable. Don't expect huge amounts of depth, it's linear as heck."
,Recommended,302510,20276425,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KenpoJuJitsu3,"Beautiful game. Visceral but simple combat. One of the absolute worst final boss ""fights"" in any game. One of those ""press X to win"" kind of final encounters made the game end on a low note."
76561197995656590,Recommended,302510,28621407,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ignite,"I will review this one differ than my usual review. Instead of going pro/con I will gave you a quick run on a list of what you will like/dislike on this game.Like+ Brutal combat finishing move, You'll get to chop mens limb till you bore of it.+Graphic was candy to the eyes, The real star here was how they recreate the environment look from the ancient time.+Voice acting and score was very good not to the point of epic but its get the job done+The animation was very well done, both normal movement and facial animation.+The price, Even without discount the game still quite satisfied and worth its current price.Dislike- Plot doesn't make sense in a lick, I get about ""Clash of gods"" but I don't get about anything more than that. All death in this game a pointless aside from whoever was in a main motive of main character who could thought of only REVENGE for   ROME!!!-Dumbass Character (due to plot)-Combat system might seem odd at first but you will soon get to know to the point of being bore by it.-Multiplayer seem pretty dead to me.-If you don't have an Xbox controller, You might reconsider buying one before buying this game.My only reason for recommended this game was only because Its price tag. Very cheap for a game anticipated to take us to Next gen that never seem to really came at all."
,Not Recommended,302510,32097361,Posted: 31 May,all,ComradeBear,This game is just wildly basic. There are about 4 different types of enemies and they're all dressed and equipped exactly the same way. There are just a handful of animations which take you all of one mission to discover. The story isn't engaging in the slightest and the protagonist isn't exciting or interesting. This game just isn't worth it.
76561198022266545,Recommended,302510,12580946,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating8/10A real bit of eye candy here with solid combat and great cinematic killing scenes when performing an excecution.  The story is well written and i loved the atmosphere and general environment of the world along with the simple yet enjoyable combat mechanics.Many gamers rubbished this game as it was too simple in combat and too repetitive with regards to enemies and fight strategy but if you like the old school type games where timing and speed where used instead of long combos or magic keybound spells and you were then rewarded with great cut scenes, then you will love the playthrough of this game.If bought for 20$ or under it is a great deal and will give you value for money with an eye popping 8 hours of gameplay which is very entertaining.Strengths are the 4K RES - I have a high end PC rig like all real gamers so it looked very polished, not sure how it looks and runs on the New Gen consoles PS4 etc.Only weak point is the shortness of the game at about 8 hours in length but as the game is not complex or hard to pick up the length is pretty well suited unless like me you could have happily played another 8 hours of new content."
76561197983740996,Recommended,302510,18346552,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Chane,"Ryse, Son of Rome is a fantastic game.In terms of graphics there is nothing comparable today and it's not only the visuals, it's also the voice acting (at least in German) and the movements that are perfect.The game does not only look good, it's a whole lot of fun to play. Ryse can be a simple hack and slay game if you play it on low difficulty. But if you play the game on legendary you find yourself in a whole different situation. You have to know your enemies and use perfect timing to survive and the experience will be intense. However you choose to play Ryse is fun!From a historic point of view the story is nonsense. British barbarians never raided Rome on elephants - nope, just never happened. But that's probably just because they simply could not catch those island elephants. They are so good at hiding in the fog. If you take the story as a fantasy and do not mind that the Colosseum was build after Nero's lifetime the story is very enjoyable. I did not expect this from crytec because in my opinion the story in crysis sucked. But nowadays more and more game studios turn to the help of comic writers for the stories. Comics become scripts for games - which is great - and the fact that Ryse does include a comic lets me assume crytec did the same thing.The biggest surprise in this game is the multi-player. While it looks as gorgeous as the rest of the game it gives you the chance to fight hordes of enemies in co-op mode. It's amazing. You can earn gold in the arenas and improve your characters abilities and gear.Ryse, Son of Rome is probably not for everyone. You need to like the ancient Roman setting and fighting games. You should not be offended by brutality, gore and blood. For me Ryse, Son of Rome is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long time."
,Not Recommended,302510,32214814,Posted: 5 June,all,ChubbyJuan,thumbs down. combat is boring after an hour. story is short and never really drew me in. i guess its a good waste of time for 5ish hours. would only recommend this game if it was on sale for a dollar and you had nothing else to play.
,Recommended,302510,20283795,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Shotyyy,"Benchmark for 19.99$Ryse: Son of Rome is a third-person action-adventure hack and slash video game developed by Crytek Frankfurt and published by Microsoft Studios. It was released on November 22, 2013 as a launch title for the Xbox One and was probably one of the reasons why I wanted an Xbox One badly, but after the reviews came in my hype went down and was released on October 10, 2014 for Microsoft Windows and I picked it up later on.PlotRyse: Son of Rome is set in an an alternate version of Rome. The game begins with a tutorial section in the middle of the story, with Roman general Marius Titus leading the defense of Rome against oncoming Celtic barbarians led by Boudica. Marius hands a small, nondescript sack to a subordinate with the instructions to display it from an elevated position, then helps secure the Roman emperor, Nero, in a private safe room. At the emperor's behest he begins to tell his story; the rest of the game is an extended flashback depicting Marius' adventures up to this point.GameplayRyse: Son of Rome is an action-adventure hack and slash game played in a third-person perspective. Players assume control of Marius Titus, a Roman general who is on a quest to take revenge for his murdered family. Throughout the game, players gain access to weapons that can be used to assault enemies or defend themselves. For instance, players are equipped with a sword that can be used to strike and kill enemies, and a shield that can be used to deflect enemies' attack and break their defense. The strength of each attack can be decided by players (though there are two levels of it). In addition to melee-based combat, the game features spears and javalins, which serve as ranged weapons, but are completely boring to use.Is this game worth a purchase?Well, honestly, I don't know what to say. This game is repetitive, short, unoptimized, but with beautiful graphics. Do the graphics justify the purchase? Nope, they don't. With all being said, I really enjoyed the game. There were a couple of sessions where I played it for 3 hours straight (Which is a rare thing for such a linear game). Well, to conclude my review, I'll say this - you should get this game if you meet these requirments- you have a PC that is above the recommend specifications for this game and this gave costs no more than 10 dollars/euros - then it's a good adventure for it's buck.6/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,33091529,Posted: 1 July,all,PredatoryFern,"Enjoy fighting the camera as much as fighting your opponents?Enjoy falling through the map and losing hours of game progress?Enjoy having your game corrupt your save?Enjoy constant quicktime events?Enjoy fighting the same boss over and over again?Enjoy fighting bosses using ONLY the moves the devs want you to use? Even outside of quick time?If so, this game will excite and thrill you."
,Recommended,302510,16745481,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Steppenwolf,"I came for the fresh setting, I saw the stunning visuals, I conquered the kind of boring gameplay!If you looking for a game to show of the graphical superior of the PC master race then this is the game for you. With an easy to learn gameplay and a really fresh setting this game wins your heart in the first hours.Only main problem, that could bore you is its repetitive gameplay (as if thats not the case with all action adventures). You mainly go from one 'arena' to the next and fight some enemies ... and kill them in style. At least that keeps you satisfied.Another issue that go together with the repetitive gameplay are the few types of enemies. Not in there fighting style, but in there appearence. While it is ok to have all roman legionaires look the same it is a shame to have the babarian hordes consists of only a few number of different clones ...But beside these issues, this game is a must buy for any fan of great visuals and the rome setting."
,Recommended,302510,28383559,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ahsan_alam,"Always been a fan of games,based of ancient historywow what a nice game"
76561198051434392,Not Recommended,302510,23937104,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Carl Dogerman,"Got this on summer sale for 5$ and id say its worth to get it on sale but for the full price of $20? Not really, the game is only really appealing graphically and the gameplay/combat is VERY repetetive. That fact is only saved at how short the story is so you dont have to endure that repetetiveness for that long.Conclusion: Buy On Sale"
76561198046074042,Recommended,302510,12455591,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Praetor Americanus,Animated fatty barbarian man breasts complete with clamps. 10/10
76561198001276009,Not Recommended,302510,29161853,Posted: 10 January,all,DeadlyDav0,"Deleted after 4 hours. First hour or 2 was fun. Really nice graphics but not skipping cutscenes gets annoying quick and there's very limited gameplay and enemy variety. About 4 enemy types in total - standard guy, archer, shield guy and dual wielding. Took me more than half the game to even seen a change in enemy skin from European barbarians to English barbarians - boring. Fighting boils down to left or right click combos to activate a quick time execution that uses left or right clicks for instakill and to gain HP/special power/XP or bonus damage. Repeat again and again until bored. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ auto camera angles during executions sometimes means you can't even see what's going on. Luckily I only paid USD$5 when on sale but even then it's pretty disappointing that I couldn't be bothered to finish a campaign only 6-8 hours in length. Played fine on keyboard + mouse although you can't remap controls which was pretty pathetic, especially considering the default WASD isn't how I usually play action games (I use ESDF).I read reviews pretty much saying what I said above prior to purchase but figured for $5 bucks it was worth a crack. As I said, fun for an hour or 2 but then too boring to continue."
,Recommended,302510,12807376,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,🌸KittenyBunny🌸,"A really beautiful game, stunning graphics and a fluid, immersive story with interesting twists to it.  The combat is straightforward, there is little variation from the plot but there really is no need.  All round amazing experience, one of the best games I've played for a while."
,Not Recommended,302510,25862948,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Monkey Screwing a Coconut,Would recommend if you can get it on a good sale but for full price it is not worth it. The game is just too short. I beat it in 6 hours and I am by no means a great player. The game is quite fun but featured a number of gamebreaking glitches.  Graphics and story are both good and the gameplay is similar to the Arkam games but features much less.
76561197983722362,Recommended,302510,12462525,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Boomer,Greate ROME!P.S.: True NEXT GEN.
,Recommended,302510,29664255,Posted: 2 February,all,MotherofDragons,Its on sale now for only 5 euros.Wanted to buy a xbox one for this game but i am glad i waited tyl it released on pcPros-Graphics are insane deff one off the best right now-Blood and gore- SettingCons-Short only few hours long-Sometimes clunky combat and repetitive-Multiplayer is mehhFor the price its good enough.
,Recommended,302510,12511899,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ClaytonNewburn,"Love killing and chopping arms and legs off? Love Ancient Roman Colosseum death matches? Then this is the game for you. Stop reading and buy it! NOW!"""
76561198020830779,Recommended,302510,16875626,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,DexJedi,"Is this game the best game ever made? No.Is it alot of fun to play? Yes.If you like the setting of Rome and sword combat with stunning graphics and a nice story this is your game. It runs quite well on pc. I used an xbox controller, but switched to the mouse in any scorpio firing scenes, which was no problem at all. The cutscenes, many of which are done by Platige Image (brilliant studio) adds extra value.Don't expect deep combat systems or different weapons. It's hack & slash linear gameplay. Some people complain that the campaign is not long enough, well thank the Roman gods it isen't. With this combat system it's just right. I wouldn't recommend it for the full price (40 euro's), but if it is in a 75% discount; go for it!"
,Recommended,302510,19499333,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Diokaza,"The story is about bloodshed, betrayel and THE VENGENCE OF THE BLACK DAMOCLES MYTH....Good thing:-Beuatiful Graphics-Good storyline-Well Written-Good voice acting-Impressive Gameplay-Good combat systemBad thing:-Glitch-some enemy look alike in the battlefield9.7/10 The story and combat was so impressive , THIS GAMES WAS TOTALLY EPIC"
76561198067851126,Recommended,302510,16366833,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I waited several years for this to come down in price. I finally gave in and bought it during summer sale. No regrets. I was worried when I read mixe things on it but it is fantastic. Great graphics and cutscenes, great voice acting, great combat... you name it. The combat has a weight to it where you really feel your blows and executions. Really enjoying this game. Would have been worth it at full price in my book."
,Recommended,302510,20064788,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,geNthytiS[9].,Amazing ;)
76561198023067330,Recommended,302510,20107142,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,✘Strychnine✘,I AM DAMOCLES.I AM VENGEANCE.YOU. ARE. NEXT.
,Recommended,302510,20187187,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jwarren1980,"Absolute visual treat, heart racing action, edge of your seat movie experience! If you enjoyed the movie Gladiator or the TV show Spartacus, this is the game for you. The attention to detail, awesome armor, grand colesiums, and hordes of enemies and soldiers at one time will keep you in awe from start to end, guaranteed!"
76561198008153243,Recommended,302510,22246724,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ObeseMorese,"7.5/10A repetitive, but fun to play QTE hack and slash. Similar combat to Shadow of Mordor, but set in Rome and running on the Crytek engine. So basically, fun (but derivative) combat, cool story, and great visuals.It's worth the very minimal amount of time it will take you to beat it. If you've a hard-on for mythology, you'll dig this game.Plus, hacking up a bunch of bar-bars is never not fun.----&--BAR BAR BAR BAR BAR-Get it when it's on sale."
76561197967674689,Recommended,302510,22205087,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Creep-sama,"Gorgeous graphics, nice story (with worthy end), short game 4-6h without MP, repetetive combat system but epic finishers and a LOT of them!I got it for 5€ and it's absolutely woth it.if u liked god of war, you will like this one"
76561198082667703,Recommended,302510,22206429,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Waltersusn,"A very repetitive and no replayability game. Ryse is still worth a single romp though for $20 maybe when on sale for $5 most highly reccomended.Pro. pretty good story, brutalCon. just mash same move again and again"
,Recommended,302510,22219343,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,lolot,+Good Story and Gameplay+Nice Graphic+Nice Audio+Worth to buy-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Much little anoying bug (like can't open door and must restart from checkpoint)-Bad performance-Short story-Bad multiplayer gameplay
76561198040390807,Recommended,302510,22216768,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zmuds,Outstanding graphics and good gameplay. Interesting story.I would say it is worth buying during sales.
76561198203223893,Recommended,302510,22217622,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MadDogBrian,"I hope this game is still being worked on so many bugs, player gets stuck doing circles or boss just quit attacking and you can not attack them. Game is fun but buggy."
,Recommended,302510,22218394,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cylon Detector,I loved sticking my gladius into the horde of unwashed barbarians.I haven't had this much fun since Grindr.
,Recommended,302510,22177278,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rewston,"Would I recommend this game at full price? No, I would not, if you want to buy RYSE only get it on a sale.I beat the campaign on the second hardest difficulty in ~5,3 hours and I wanted more, much much more.As far as gameplay, I find the combat sytem really satisfying with the excecutions being awesome, but some people will find them repetative and getting old pretty fast.The only issue I really had with the game was the story, it felt a bit thin and lacking, that left me with more quetsions if anything. There were some areas that could have been explored as gameplay or just some better story telling.What I wanted or want in the future is a RYSE type game but on a much bigger scale, fighting as a normal soldier during the Roman Empires expanding days, marching from battlefield to battlefield fighting for your life and Romes.Taking the game for what it is and the amount of enjoyment I got for ~5 hours at a steam sale where I only paid 4,99 euro, its great, an easy 7/10 for me, what would have brought it up to a 8 or 9 would have been if the story was better told and not lacking in some areas."
,Recommended,302510,14277543,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SigmarTV,Really Enjoying this Game Love the CombatPros:+ Great Fun+ Combat+ Multiplayer Co-Op Combat+ Satisfying KillsCons:- No Communication in Multiplayer- No Team Tactics Quick Commands or Helpful Team Aids at All- Calling your Multi-Player a Co-Op when you can not Co-Op with your Team Mate at all other than Blind Assumptions and Guesses.All in all I like this Game Buy it and to the Devs Add Voice Chat...!!!!
,Recommended,302510,22169609,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Komrad God,"It is a very fun game but its not even close to being worth 20euro. You should pick up this game whenever its on discount. The gameplay is fun at first and the story is briliant. I was really dissapointed in seeing only 6 enemies in 2 hours of gameplay. Saw barbs and fat barbarians most of my time. Saw some ""barbarian princess and king"". Then i saw some half beast/half men people and their big boss. That is all. The game has amazing visuals. I use amd radeon hd 7750 and amd athlon x4 750k. I cannot say anything about optimization. Due to the lowest graphical settings the game looks still ♥♥♥♥ing bad♥♥♥♥♥but ofcourse you will get lower fps. With my setup i never went below 30 and i would not go lower than my setup. IF you have a high end pc you will enjoy the game with great fps + UNBELIEVEABLE visuals. I give the game 6/10 Gets a little repetitve due to the small number of different enemies + the combat gets quite old aswell."
,Recommended,302510,22253841,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Achilles of Jazz,"Expected a lot out of this visual poetry's depiction of Rome, historical figures and events. As usual, I am quite critical when it comes to historical inaccuracies and bad depiction of a historical figure. It blew my mind that I was not as mad at it as I should be. The campaign seems to lead its own story, its fascinating story structures and amazing narratives caught me off guard, there was not much room for me to judge it. Fell in love with the story, can't really put it into words here, but it's very touching. Although, what bothers me pretty much are the mechanics (technological advancement) in some of the things in the game are pretty modern and was not made yet back in the days..you know, a mixture of modern scent and the old Roma was played as a gimmick.I didn't like how Nero was portrayed, but that was just my opinion, it didn't ruin the game. It would be great if there's more unique units in the game. When you battle with the babarians for too long you will recognize their faces. They should have created more faces and stuff for the NCP, it's not that important, but worth keeping as a side note. The combat is pretty much like a hack slash..but you'll have to think well of your approach before commencing a stupid approach on the boss and high level enemies. Overall? For a person who got this game on a great discount...8.8/10, go figure if it would be worth buying in full price."
,Recommended,302510,22180328,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Seyonne,"This game goes into my Favorites. Absolutely stunning graphics. Incredible armour designs. Definitely the most emersive storytelling out there.I have read some bad comments about combat mechanics. However, I can not join that army of hatred as I am convinced that this type of gameplay is essential for what they wanted to achieve - which was their godlike story."
,Not Recommended,302510,16115744,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,vanhooijdonk,"if you dont have a good pc, dont even bother.if you do have a good pc, do bother, but dont expect too much. just enjoy graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story."
76561197994167360,Recommended,302510,22166119,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,...,"First, get a good computer. Second, adjust the graphical and texture settings for good performance. Third, enjoy the game. P.S Lots of blood, beware.Good game with lots of depth with simple controls, and good story telling. Although, the skill system is pretty pointless because you get enough points to unlock them all. Would have been better to have a system where you must sacrifice choices.In terms of gameplay, the game has some performance issues with stuttering in some high graphical areas (this has been experienced with players across all computer spectrums, from low-end to high-end). That can be ignored to some extent, but quite annoying. No fix yet (since 2014).If you are a collection or achievement type of person, the game has many collectables. It also rewards players for exploration so you will always get something other than fighting around (beware the game is still going to be combat related, treat this like a side dish rather than the big meal).The combat is simple and elegant, unlike other fighter games where combos require multiple button setups, the game focuses on timing and usage of perks. So anyone can get into the game, learn it quickly, but hard to master.Multiplayer, does not have many players, so do not expect getting CO-OP matches or what not quickly. But still enjoyable for playing with friends (not so much for single players unless you want to be on the leaderboards).Music is amazing and probably made the game a lot stronger than it was. Many times the music adds a layer emotion that attaches you to the character or makes connections to yourself. (So play with headphones or a good sound system)Visuals, I am not much of a visual type of person. But graphical setups and scenes were good and well done. The game brings you through several environments and show off the Crytek Engine like deep green jungles, the english channel, the streets of Rome, and dark dense forests. I really enjoyed the invasion scene with the boats and fighting on the streets of York.Story, some characters were pointless in the story. The gods are a good example because they did not have any depth other than being plot to forward the story. Most of the antagonists or villains were under developed and just silly with some exceptions in good character design.For example, Commodus, Nero and Basillius could have been any spoiled rich kid with a superiority complex. Nothing interesting about them.Characters that were good, Boudica, King Oswald and Vitallion. Their character shines out without plot and the player can make judgements about their lives without the game giving it to you.(On the fence with the main character, his personality goes all over the place, from loving son to revenge driven solider, to vengeful spirit and to defender of Rome.) There is no core values or spirit in the character, he is pretty empty with goals that drive him. His entire journey to fight was based on revenge from the beginning of the game until the invasion of Rome.His character really fleshes out during the end of the game where he defends Rome with Vitallion, but other than that, there are many disconnects in his character from the beginning to the end of the game.In other words, his character goes from a naive revenge driven son to an honourable hero of Rome within one day. That is a pretty big personality change that no real human being truly experiences. Bring it down a notch.Overall, the game gets a 8/10 on my list."
,Recommended,302510,20284568,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Encrypted,"awesome game, just finished it, lets just say when the game is on sale, get it. enough said."
,Recommended,302510,20290305,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,chEF,This game is absolutly amazing i really recommend it.
76561198036167509,Recommended,302510,24015192,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,delta785,"I recommend it!+ ROME+ NERO+ amazing graphics (especially the characters' expressions)+ quite good plot+ enjoyable combat mechanics- short- ""skill"" tree and leveling (just some + % to basic stats, not really customizable, by the end you'll have all of them maxed)+/- multiplayer arena looks really good, though I wasn't able to connect with anybody - if you've got someone to play with in co-op, consider it a +."
,Recommended,302510,20289403,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tzvi,Badass game!
76561198138859393,Recommended,302510,24308184,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FiDgEt SpInNeR,Its a great story line game the fighting can be reptitive at time's but if you want a game thats like playing a movie this is deffinetly one to put on the list
,Recommended,302510,20362616,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Riouxthless,"Still one of the best looking games I've played, Story is rather short (5 hours) but it's fun."
,Recommended,302510,12579171,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Taunoc,"This is one of the best looking video games i have ever played.  The Combat is simple and yes repetative, but what game isnt repetative. The combat is smooth and not really jerky, the QTE are nice for the executions, and the story is pretty good. About to go through again and do it on the hardest difficulty."
76561198093154609,Recommended,302510,24050457,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Latex,"I picked this game up for $5 bucks and got something i would of paid $20 easy for. In terms of Gameplay, your looking at challenge that compares to Dark souls. Some very nice kill moves and the controls are smooth playing with a keyboard or controller. The Story line is great. Plus theres multiplayer, have yet to dive into that.I got the game, intalled it, started playing it..... And 7 hours later i was finished... Where did my saturday go?10/10 would no life the campain again."
76561197971395130,Recommended,302510,24051698,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Arsenic,"Ryse - Son of Rome is a gorgeous looking hack-and-slash adventure which puts the player in the shoes of Marius, a roman commander betrayed by his emperor.It has an interesting storyline, just enough to understand why you're doing what you're doing, but not too much so that it gets boring.The main part of the game is... you guessed it... to slay your enemies in sometimes very creative ways. Your character develops in the course of the game, adding new execution techniques or improving stats. Made by the same people that made the Crysis franchise, you can bet your behind that this game is great fun to play and oh-so-hard-to-stop."
,Recommended,302510,22254877,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Marihuana,Very good game and deep story... 10/10 worth every euro!
,Not Recommended,302510,16177124,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,KDL,"Very dissappointing. Not worth the buy. I was all hyped after Dan Bull made a rap about it, but It was not nearly as good as I hoped."
76561198094664445,Recommended,302510,22265348,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Desert_Fox95,"I love this game, I just wish if they release Ryse 2"
,Recommended,302510,23630510,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Francis X. Clampazzo,"Graphics and Sound? InsaneStory? GreatGameplay? FunReplayability? Likely NotThis was a fun game to play. Visually it is intense...One of the nicest looking games i've played. Voice Acting is great, and really makes the story work well. Gameplay is fun, but like many other reviews here on steam say, it does go bland after a bit. Unfortunately it is a very linear game, no open world here...but i think its definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,302510,16114861,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Jager,"First off it's fairly short now I did play through it on the easiest setting so that might account for something, and while it was short it was enjoyable.The fighting system is very rewarding and the skill system only improve upon the game play.As for the graphics regular textures are pretty common but the player and key characters them self are brimming with graphical goodness showing off a huge range of expressions.Although not so much in combat, they generally only have a few expressions but that hardly derives from any of the pleasure of cutting fools down.All in all a very solid game, though short. If on sale I'd recommend grabbing it, otherwise less so considering the shortness of SP entertainment."
76561198169904591,Recommended,302510,22176598,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Berkolok,pros-nice graphics-cool finishing moves-nice story-controls are easy to learncons-repetitive combat-very linear camping(cod style)-lack of weapon variety-boss fights are same-kinda short story-all enemy skins are same6/10
76561197992927404,Recommended,302510,12529199,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ELITE_SEAL,This game is awesome!! I dont know why this game got bad reviews!!?! Single player is fun and multiplayer is a plus! This is a must have game if u have a nice rig!! Best game I have played all year!! Good job crytek for making this for the PC !!!!Well worth $40.00.. Must buy!!!10 - Graphics9 - Multiplayer8 - Singleplayer7 - Camera anglesAll around 8.5 ratingPC stats-Xeon  X566012gb ram770 GTX 4GB card
76561198301361320,Recommended,302510,24215894,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,FULL CONTROL MOTHERFUCKER,So impressive graphıcs
76561198013540956,Recommended,302510,24106078,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/radlerauge,"Hello guys, here comes my personal opinion about this game, so take it just for that.After having finished the campaign in rougly 6 hours and having a quick dip into the multiplayer, i guess i've seen the most, this game can offer.So lets make this quick:PRO's:+cinematics (dude!)+visuals are stunning+background visuals are incredible+animations look beautiful+character detail is crazy good+story is well written although cliché+athmosphere is good+music is fitting+roman feel is realCON's-short, predictable story-fps drops in some parts of the game (aqueduct)And now to the main point, why i nearly cant recommend this game (although i will, because of the incredible visuals):THE DULL FIGHTING SYSTEM! After the first cool fights, where you discover your combos and patterns and whatsoever, you might be amazed, but after an hour or so you notice, that that is all you get: the same finishers and combos over and over again. Also, the enemys all look generic and alike, so you will feel like, although the story around you is changing all the time, you still fight the same guys all over again with the same combos and patterns and finishers.And after a while, you will just boredly bash your buttons waiting for that glory cinematic sequence to start again to give you some kind of joy over the repetitive button smashing..Conclusion:The game looks incredible and if you can ignore the dull, repetitive fighting and just enjoy simple games with great looks and epic cinematics, then this one is for you. As the game is rather short, and the multiplayer doesnt really offer any more content, i would recommend to get this game on sale.Cheers"
,Recommended,302510,24295842,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,gluonsmuons,"Roman in glorious CryEngine (Fourth Generation). Need I say more. Sure the combat combo is quite repetetive, but if you can look past that, everything is just peachy."
76561198201548285,Recommended,302510,24321471,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Nathan,nice game
76561198268616636,Not Recommended,302510,24432028,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,lelo222222,"Ryse has nice graphics and a decent story… but fails in the most important aspect of a game, the gameplay. Gameplay isn’t that great, it’s limited and clunky. It’s a festival of button mashing.One other negative aspect of this game is the PC port… it’s lousy. Lot of lag, bugs and FPS drops, sometimes becoming unplayable.All in all, it's a decent game if you purchase it cheap."
76561197970344902,Recommended,302510,24344025,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Blastaz,"Fun, and quite pretty. Story is actually good. Gameplay is fairly simple and a bit lacking in the boss fights where you don't really have enough options to break their guard.One playthrough on normal will take maybe 8 hours.Worth it when it's on one of its frequent sales."
76561198160489533,Recommended,302510,24365480,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,adi,+ Very addictive multiplayer+ Good campaign
,Recommended,302510,24364753,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kureto,10/10Waiting for the egypt era of this game
,Recommended,302510,24380168,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Laotzume,This game really surprised me. That's always nice when you pay $5 for a game. It's not a long game but it's entertain as far as gameplay goes. The story is pretty interesting but the cinematics...holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It all looks so great. The faces look so good. I was blown away. Give this a shot.
,Recommended,302510,24171287,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Eagle_One_,"This game is amazing!!! playing a game while the cut scenes are equaly amazing!Great story, cut scenes, graphics, battles, just an overall fun game!ROME is power!I give it two thumbs up!"
76561198030783145,Recommended,302510,24302066,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,mickyluv,"Invade Britain. Defeat Go(tt)ve. Prevent Brexit. Wear sexy lorica segmentata!Great looking game, good gameplay, I like the collectibiles. OK storyline. Short SP campaign but a fair amount of replayability. MP coop. 9/10Well worth $20 IMO"
76561198060177272,Recommended,302510,23467877,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Wolfik71,"Yes short campaign but for me very good game  very funny very bloody , when you have bad day try this."
,Recommended,302510,20380944,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Conov,Cinematically beautiful and addicting.
76561198003066842,Recommended,302510,20351963,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SuperSpesh,"Story is alright its fun. gameplay is very simple, at best it is a good stress relief ,simple fun and at worst it controls terribly and repetitive.overall its not a full price game, but for 6$ its worth it, I had fun.ohh the online does not work, I guess if you have a pal who has this game, it might for for you."
,Recommended,302510,20322432,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,shaman,"Jogo frenético com lindos gráficos e história cativante!Mecânica de lutas estilo Batman, com muita ação, muitos conter-attacks e muitas finalizações.Recomendo!"
76561198126644621,Recommended,302510,19983213,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Donald J. Duck Trump,"I am in love with this game :D1. Very Gory and Relalistic with the weapons.2. Executions are the bomb.3.Good Graphics, voice acting, and not SLOW AT ALL WAY TO GO!! :D"
76561197982542794,Recommended,302510,19946035,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mr_Eko,Just picked this up on the Steam Holiday Sale. Pleasantly suprised and having fun with it so far. Well worth the $7 I picked it up for!
,Recommended,302510,20648991,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,(つ▀¯▀)つOkappa Dayo,"Ryse: Son Of Rome is a really really outstanding work. You are going to be play as a commander of Rome army!!!It's a hack and slash game, so if you are a fan of it go on and try it. It's really worth to try!!!The environment is beautiful. 8/10The enemies are not dumb. 7/10The story is really really great!! 10/10Overall 9.5 / 10"
76561198080728842,Recommended,302510,20714423,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,M. Corleone,"Nice game, kinda short but nice to play on a weekend after a long week of work, the story is good but the controls and interface sometimes feel laggy."
,Recommended,302510,20591921,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,R4DFIELD,"Great story driven title, portraying the roman empire and their failed leaders. Gameplay is decent with easy to get into controls, great visuals and great performance. Got it for $6 on a sale and it's worth a playhtrough."
,Recommended,302510,22152044,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Solominondas,"I've played the game a few times through, and spent a good amount of time in the arena. The graphics are straight up beautiful, the fighting system is the best I've ever played (similar to the Batman games, but with sword and shield, which I prefer - I think For Honor looks better, but it doesn't come out until Feb. 2017) and the story is quite interesting (a fantasy twist on historical events), but it's too freaking short, the camera constantly rotates into positions where scenery blocks your view and/or you rotate away from people coming at you from behind so you can't see what they're doing and the co-op arena has too little variation to stay fun for long.If they would just let people make new levels, or have released a bunch of affordable DLC, I'd play the hell out of it. Seems like they just put too much work on the front end, but not nearly enough on the back - like an amazing, but unfortunately small, cake.I'd probably give it a B-, or 3.5 stars. If it was longer, had DLC and they fixed the stupid camera thing and had a better arena, this could be a A+, five star game."
76561198074373091,Recommended,302510,20641387,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Maddox13,"Here are, in my opinion, the scores for this game:Gameplay ------ 7/10Story------------ 6/10Graphics -------- 9/10Sound/Music----- 9/10Overall rating ----------- 7,75Conclusion: Very linear third-person action game with a short campaign (6-7 hours). Good graphics and soundtrack. Bad multiplayer matchmaking. I recommend this game only when on sale."
,Recommended,302510,22166011,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CoN | Choppergunner,"Such a wonderful Game to play. Great Graphics, Superb combat mechanism, Great story. The only con is it's linear map design and linear storyline but this does not stop this game from being a great game."
,Recommended,302510,28658683,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GeekTekRob,"Bought this during the winter sale for $5.  There is a bit of replay if you have a collectable completion thing, of which I am a lot of the time.  Story wise, I finished this in less than 7 hours, today, the day that I bought it.  Though not on the hardest difficulty, its mostly cut scenes with battles in between.The audience of this is someone who wants a game with a story because it does have that.  I loved the story and couldn't stop which is why I played until i beat it.The people who won't like this is people against repetative button pushing, who get frustrated from dying, and who don't like stopping the play to watch a cutscene.If it was $20+ I'd never buy it, but $5 is great for something I'll go back to in order to collect everything."
,Not Recommended,302510,16564943,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,EssenceOfChill,"The graphics of this game are downright gorgeous. Few games I have played would top this.OVERALL/ TL;DR (at the beginning ;) )------------------That said, the game is very, very short. As you see I have about 5.6 hrs on record. That is including some time I spent playing co-op. The whole campaign took maybe 5 hours. So FOR $40 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME as said above it is very, very short. However, if on sale it is definitely worth the $15 I paid for it. If you like a game that is purely hack-n-slash this is for you.GAMEPLAY--------------The quicktime events do get repetitive if not boring at times as that is basically the main way of doing battle. There are a lot of opportunities in this game for stealth, but they really did not implement any sort mechanism for that.STORY---------Great story, pretty linear but great all the same.For the full price, no.Sale price, yes."
76561198070038823,Recommended,302510,22145933,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bear,First five minutes into the game you get to beat your helpless dad with a wooden sword.10/10 would beat the old man again.
,Recommended,302510,20598894,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pickle Rick!,"Enjoyable game if you can pick it up at a bargain.There is not much special with this game. It mimics the combat system first introduced in Arkham Asylum and tweaked for games like Shadow of Mordor and Sleeping Dogs. However, the lack of variety in combat becomes clear very quickly. The story is somewhat interesting and paces itself well enough to keep you interested enough to trudge through the same enemy types for six hours. What I enjoyed most from this game was the visuals. There were different locales, each with its own distinct atmosphere and the graphics showed off the beauty well.If you're looking for a quick action adventure game that looks great, this game is well worth picking up during a sale."
76561198275864705,Recommended,302510,29698729,Posted: 4 February,all,Krki,"Love this game so much. I would not recommend this game if you don't like this genre of game's.It is a 3rd person hack&slash type game. It has a very good combat system. The strory is not bad it is okay. But the CO-OP is where it shine's, If you have a friend. Otherwise it's going to take age's to find a CO-OP partner. It is a little bit pricy for such a short experience with the game.Pro's:Combat.Co-oP.Fun.Con's:Short Story.Can get frustrating.Probobly an 8/10. Why?  Because it is very short and doesn't have a high replay value. If you want to buy it buy it when it is on sale. For the price it's ok."
,Recommended,302510,26860446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sir choppington,When it first released on XB1 all I ever read were negative reviews. Maybe I was just reading the wrong reviews because I was hooked as soon as I started playing and I couldn't put the controller down. I guess it doesn't hurt that I bought it on sale for ~$5 and I love the Roman Empire theme. Great game!
76561198024234890,Recommended,302510,14288009,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,AjkBear,"Well, this is my very first Steam game review. Saw this on sale for 50% off and took a chance.  I am HOOKED.  The gameplay is smooth, the gra;hics look absolutely AMAZING.  Easy to learn controls. Great, engaging story.  No glitches encountered so far.  If you've been wanting to try this genre out, I recommend RYSE.  There is action and atmosphere. Crank up the volume a bit and it really comes alive, especially if you have surround."
76561197975842987,Recommended,302510,14287804,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dr.Ewwphuss,This is an amazing game. The graphics are amazing and the strategy aspect sets it apart from other hack n slash games. Definatly work every penny... (on sale :) )
,Recommended,302510,32773405,Posted: 25 June,all,GreKamura27,"Game is very great, gameplay style almost like God of war(Playstation), please make more game like this for PC, PC need game like this too, not just console"
76561197980683991,Recommended,302510,32894817,Posted: 27 June,all,Krempi,"If you're a fan of the God of War series you should like this game as well. The story is short but the Coop-Mode is fun as hell and delivers a lot of gametime.Positive:- really good graphics, facial animations, voice overs and music- lots of detailed executions- different modes for the Coop-Gameplay with unlockable gear- decent story. nothing new or fancy.- really cheap if it's on sale for 75% and more than worth it.Negative:- story is short. just 4-5 hours long but like i said the Coop-Mode is where it's at.- the boss battles are pretty boring. there isn't much of an offensive option. you just parry/dodge their attacks and retaliate.P.S.: If there're some grammatical errors let me know since english isn't my mother tongue ^^"
76561198274068849,Recommended,302510,32821952,Posted: 26 June,all,QIMERA,Brilliant Game 10/10
76561198263316350,Recommended,302510,33071795,Posted: 1 July,all,$hadow,If you like Rome this game is great for you.Its much fun the controls are a bit strange at the beginning but its getting better later.
76561197995562560,Recommended,302510,33060882,Posted: 30 June,all,trooperdx3117,"Far far better than I ever thought it would be.Don't go in expecting any kind of historical accuracy but expect a fun action/adventure movie style experience.The graphics still look astounding, the combat although repetitive feels proper crunchy and satisfying. And the acting is actually really quite good.If your looking for a fun 5-6 hour game with a decent story and historical setting then this is ideal for you!"
,Recommended,302510,32991331,Posted: 29 June,all,abCde,"One of the best game in terms of the graphics i ever played!Enjoyed playing this, the story is standard i think, the gameplay is good, killing animations feels repetitive if you played this for hours, but there are plenty of it, graphics is amazing, too bad that interaction with the environment is limited.Really sad about what happened to Crytek, looks like there will be no Ryse 2 :("
76561198309764996,Recommended,302510,33048307,Posted: 30 June,all,FranzBonaparta,You like sword-and-shield swordfights? Buy this.
76561198045630444,Recommended,302510,32777044,Posted: 25 June,all,Poundtown,"This is my first review, why? Because this game is that good. It is the first game I feel compelled to write a review about. Everything about it is on par with the God of War series. One of my new favorites, will play again."
,Recommended,302510,14411291,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jearbear,"This is by no means a great game, but it is a great spectacle. Impressive visuals, glorious executions, and all for the glory of Rome. The plot is one that is enjoyable, though fairly simple, and the combat, though also simple and painfully color coded is still fun especially when you get your juices flowing... juices being the blood of all your dismembered enemies. The combat is similar to the Batman/AssCreed style of games, except dumbed down significantly. You start the game with four buttons and by the gods you will end the game with those four buttons while getting some minor upgrades (mostly to combat stats like health) over the coarse of the game.The bads of the game are short, that is, the game is relatively short even by most modern game standards, but does not feel rushed which is a nice but I still wouldn't have minded a little additional fleshing out. The other major issue is the rather dull boss battles which all consist of essentially rolling out of the way of a slow big attack and then counter 2-4 faster smaller attacks then executing a properly timed parry on the final attack to get in about two attacks. This process is repeated about 10-20 times per boss, depending on the boss making them more of obstacles of your patience than your gaming skill.All in all still an enjoyable game for those who are fond of Roman things like pillums and shields and the Colloseum and killing axe weilding barbarians. I recomend you get it, but I recomend you get it on sale.Overall Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198019308844,Recommended,302510,33153839,Posted: 2 July,all,unicorn.dreamer,Great gameplay and storyline :) challenging and fun ^^
,Recommended,302510,32999291,Posted: 29 June,all,Krombopulos Michael,Lots of fun
76561197970444860,Recommended,302510,33009086,Posted: 29 June,all,- el!te - GIROGUY,"Dont expect it to change your life,  closest thing to maximus meridius you will ever be!"
,Recommended,302510,21881488,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,MrEleven1181,Overall I enjoyed the game but the battles are very repetitive also the voice animations didn't work some had to use subtitles:(
,Recommended,302510,24210056,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sisco,"ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!This game is very shallow in every gameplay aspect, truly. Story, combat system, characters, everything.Everything apart from presentation. Because this game is one glorious romp through every gladiator and monumental film trope there is!AND GLORIOUS IT IS!The story very often makes little sense. You jump around due to some deus ex machina characters, just because.The combat is very repetitive and shallow.The characters, especially the main character, are dull cut-out stereotypes.But none of it ever really stands out due to the fantastic set pieces, the beautiful graphics and the sheer awesomeness that lies in the executions.You get funnelled along a great line-up of locations and backdrops (ancient Rome D-Day!), doing some of the most satisfying virtual murdering modern gaming has to offer.And that is what it comes down to during the about 6 hours it took me to finish the campaign. It is so very enjoyable, so very interesting and so very satisfying!There is something very soothing to being a war god amongst men...and for that, this is a total recommend!"
76561198038814206,Not Recommended,302510,24028013,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Serif1993,Unoptimized trash.
,Recommended,302510,21151351,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Salu Digby,Caligula Simulator 2013
,Recommended,302510,28095126,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Asteroid,A man become Damocles after been betrayed.A soldier sacrificed himself for his country when plagues rotting everywhere.A legend that last forever.
,Recommended,302510,19204396,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Droch Feola,"I can understand why theres such a mixed bag of reviews but i absolutely loved this game.The visuals are amazing,facial animations,story and the acting is some of the very best out there in videogames.Combat is only interesting and engaging if u play at the highest level.i originally played on xboxone but i bought myself a pc with a gtx 980 and just wanted to see what it looked like at 2560x1080....i ended up playing right through and finishing again."
,Recommended,302510,31575663,Posted: 6 May,all,Naagin | Out of form,"Combat is way to east but loved the storyline. Campaign : Loved it no doubt, there should be a training option if you play after some time , you may forget what combination does what moves. a training mode would have made it more reliable and easy. Multiplayer: wasn't able to play as it takes a lot of time to find any game. waited for 10 mins and still wasn't able to find a match."
,Recommended,302510,16486134,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kentstjohn,"This should be a much more  well recognized game. Its tons of fun. The story is a bit on rails but then again you're being manipulated by  by gods, goddesses, generals and emperors. It is however a pretty engaging tale.  Combat runs from a Batman Arkham/ Shadow of Mordor style to tactically commanding your men. Ther's really not a ton of decisions to make but it is fun forming the shield wall and advancing and paticipating in other Roman army actvities. The whole thing feels like a high budget sword and sandal movie and its a blast if that's your thing.The game does have some downsides. The controls are not customizable and I find the dodge key to me in an awkward place so I find it disproportionately hard to dodge. The game can become frustrating if you can't handle the predetermined keyboard setup easily. Its linnear and Its also relatively short and there are not a lot of decisions as your story is pretty predetermined but as I mentioned the journey is pretty epic and lots of fun.All in all a lot of fun but maybe wait until its on sale to get your value out of it. Its got some excellemt things but others that i can see kept it back especially being super linnear and  the port was poorly done. The lack of keyboard  customization is a pretty big deal"
,Recommended,302510,21012119,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Voltaire,"Unexpectedly good.Seriously, one of the more enjoyable games I've played.You'll be pleasantly surprised, if you go in as I did, without knowing anything much about the game."
76561197971896207,Recommended,302510,29690991,Posted: 4 February,all,Xenotone,Why are the pretty ones always so dumb?
,Recommended,302510,28675670,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DNKL_Relarus,Picked up this game while it was on sale and boy was it awesome.  Awesome story line that takes you to the front lines of the 14th legion as a (your) general's rise through the ranks in efforts to save Rome from itself.
,Recommended,302510,22242648,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Iskill,an enjoyable game
76561197996075658,Recommended,302510,19948366,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,episode_nexus,Ryse gets unfair treatment from websites calling the gameplay and combat repetitive. compared to batman and ac. i'd still pick this game in a heartbeat. batman and ac's unimaginative combat is nowhere near ryse's. i find the execution much more compelling than the single button mashing ac and batman offers.get this game!
,Recommended,302510,19951005,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,flaming0,"Wow. This game. Just wow.If you love story in a game with beautiful visuals, this is a game for you. It is about a 7 hour campaign composed of 8 chapters. The character develpment is fantastic and you should get this game just for the story alone.For the visuals, if you want it running smoothly, you will need a beefy system. I have a Radeon 7850 and ran things on medium and low mixed up and got 20 fps. I somehow found this playable and it didn't bother me one bit because of how gorgious it was. I don't know if it is because of how they ported the game or that I was pushing my gpu too hard, but the game would:-freeze for 5 sec with/without sound (varied betweent the two)-completley crash (only happend twice)-as game played, sound would studder for a while and either go back to normal or completley stop(happend in 1v1 parts of the game)-found a few bugs where I clipped through wallsMany people found the combat to be repetative and I can agree with that to an extent. Don't play on the easiest difficulty. Play on second hardest and the combat will keep you on your toes trying to out smart the enemy's moves.Overall, this is an excellent game with driven story and even has multiplayer that I have not delved too far into."
,Recommended,302510,29841256,Posted: 10 February,all,thegamingeng,"Despite the bad press this game got upon release as a day-one game for the Xbox One/PS4, this game is an enchanting piece of artwork with incredible storytelling match with fantastic voice-acting and incredible gameplay mechanics. It’s no wonder this game is as good as it is given that Crytek are the team behind its development and they take a tried and tested combat formula (seemingly inspired by the likes of the Batman Arkham series) and match that with an encapsulating experience of heroic Romanic combat to produce one of the best action games of 2013 (2014 for PC).9/10Pros/Cons+ The fantastically cinematic campaign strikes a perfect balance of longevity vs. repetitiveness.+ The scale of maps and battles you encounter convey the experience of mass war.+ Combat is incredibly fluid and upgraded execution paths keep combat fresh and intense.+ Online multiplayer never seems to get boring thanks to the mix of maps and modes.- The online multiplayer mode could have been stretched way beyond just co-op arena combat."
76561197970720161,Recommended,302510,20222497,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Game_Dude,"Beautiful graphics, decent story, blood, gore and amongst the best sword & shield action combat I know."
76561198090564831,Recommended,302510,28129402,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,CoinJournal.net,"Your enjoyment of Ryse will depend on two things: Your ability to turn your brain off and your tolerance for quick time events (QTE).A few of my biases: (1) I got this game on sale for five bucks during the Steam Autumn sale in 2016. Had I paid regular price, my opinion might be different. That said, I rarely pay full price for games, so your mileage may vary. (2) I'm a sucker for the classical era. Put a game in ancient Rome or Greece, and I'm there. Again, how far that goes wtih you will depend on your affinity for Roman history.Gameplay and Graphics: Imagine God of War, with a closer camera and more (far more) QTE events, and you won't be far off. Combat is fairly straight forward Rock, paper, sissors format, combining block/parry, a stab attack, a knock back attack (to break the enemy's guard) and a dodge/roll. Where it really shines (for a while at least) is in its executions. After weakening an opponent, an icon will appear above their head indicating that an execution can be performed. This starts a QTE which will result in some awesomely gruesome executions. If you get two enemies showing an icon at the same time, you can perform a double execution and it looks pretty f'in rad. The game rewards your performance during these with a boost to your health, damage, XP or focus (a sort of bullet-time mode that you can activate if things get rough).Technically, only the executions are QTE, but the rock, paper, scissors dynamic of regular battle makes it feel a lot like a QTE as well.Even on the most difficult setting available on the first playthrough, it isn't that tough. I died a fair amount of times, but rarely more than twice on any one set of opponents. Difficulty is subjective, but since this was the highest setting available, I would have liked a bit more of a challenge.In between battles, you are largely watching cutscenes or walking to the next battle. The graphics are amazing though, so walking around rarely feels like a chore. It is fun sometimes to just stop and look at the environment. There are also a few opportunities to do something different, like leading a legion against archers, or taking control of a scorpion crossbow to provide support for your fellow Romans. Those parts break up the monotony but are rarely utilized. That is likely intentional, to hide those parts shallow mechanics. Still, they are used sparing enough that they never become boring and common enough that they feel like a real part of the game.My machine is under powered, so I had to run everything at the lowest settings. Even still, from the forests of ancient Briton to the streets of Rome, Ryse looks fantastic. I had a few instances of slowdown, particularly in the forest with a lot of particle effects but for the most part it ran great.Story: For a game with such a focus on cutscenes, I expected more from Ryse. The (digital) actors and their voice overs are amazing, some of the best I have seen displayed in a video game. Unfortunately, it is somewhat wasted on a plot that seems to jump ahead. Without going into spoilers, there is a very obvious twist near the end. But how the protagonist figured it out isn't clearly vocalized. I felt like I was watching an action movie but had to keep leaving the room at critical parts in the story. The graphics and voice acting do a great job of creating tension both during the cutscenes and during gameplay, but it just seems like whole swaths of the story were left out.As a history fan, it was fun seeing some historical Roman figures, even if the game played a little lose with the facts.Odds n Ends: There are collectibles to find in the game, including a cool digital comic book. I didn't find even half of the stuff there is to find in Ryse, so that may appeal to treasure hunter gamers. Unfortunately, by the time I finished the campaign, I had tired of Ryse's combat and another playthrough didn't appeal to me.That said (and contrary to a lot of the professional critics when this game was first release) The combat was kept just fresh enough, mainly through the introduction of new enemy types, to keep me interested throughout one playthrough of the campaign. I just can't bring myself to play through a second time, at least not right now.Multiplayer is included, but it is a grave yard at this point, so you'll have to find a friend who also has the game.Still, if you like action games that don't require you to think too much, and want to see a beautiful recreation of ancient roman times, Ryse is an under rated game. It ends just before it gets boring and it is a lot of fun getting there.I wish it was a bigger hit, I feel like it was meant as one part of a franchise. Without the constraints of a console launch deadline, Ryse 2 could be something fantastic. I doubt we will ever see it though.Ryse: Son of Rome is still worth playing. Just microwave some popcorn, ready up some Code Red Mountain Dew, and let this game take you on a roller coaster ride through one of history's most intriguing times.I give it a very solid 'B' rating."
76561198087955767,Recommended,302510,24364082,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kerberos,"Absolutely amazing game with stunning graphics and great storyline. It feels like the developers knew exactly what they wanted to do with the game. There is no fluff to the storyline, so there isn't much replay value, but it's definitely worth it to buy it. I love this game."
,Recommended,302510,19935386,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,gioonashvili,gg
76561198111959883,Recommended,302510,22241495,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Runereader74,A very cool little hack and slash with beautiful 4k textures and a very simplistic control systemthe campaign is a bit short but once complete it tells a good story i got this on steam sale for pennys so i would say wait for a sale before purchasing it is it worth pennys? yeah man it is also has an multi-player arena mode that you can attack solo or with a friend or even be matched with a total stranger bit like the gladiators were back in the day.
,Recommended,302510,29875030,Posted: 12 February,all,such a cliché,"combat is so repetitive but still so fun to kick some barbarians' assesatmosphere and details are masterpiecestory is pretty okay , made me curious and  wanna finish the game asapif you like roman empire stuff , you will enjoy this game for sure.our villain is Nero which i think refers to Neron of the history but older agedi'd like to state that with gtx770 i7 3770k had some performance issues . (doesnt matter on what quality i chose i experienced mostly 60fps and some drops to 25-30s)just buy this game and give it a try."
,Recommended,302510,29863015,Posted: 11 February,all,Endspire,"Beautiful game, good storyline if you like the era and subject matter. Combat mechanics are fun and easy to pick-up."
76561198326433911,Recommended,302510,28720080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SPARTAN,awesome game graphics sick!
76561198069846749,Recommended,302510,25454223,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,blurryface,"Picked this game up in the sale for cheap and it went above and beyond my expections. Ridicuously beautiful graphics and a story line I really enjoyed, especailly in the last few levels where the story really picked up.Only negatives I can think of is the repetition of executions/sections of levels and that the story itself is quite short. Overall a great game and worth a play through."
76561198003571402,Recommended,302510,28681568,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zhŭlt sudkov,"Artwork of the game is stunning. However, gameplay is very decent."
,Recommended,302510,29873736,Posted: 12 February,all,sicario ♥ [A],"Ryse: Son of Rome amazes with stunning graphics, but the pace of the game, and its length doesn't allow a player to enjoy it.First of all, you have to realize that most negative scores are based on the fact that the game is extremely short. I finished it in 2 evenings - so I played for 7-8 hours maybe. If you take the price of the game, and its length then the score is quite reasonable. My review, however, focuses only on gameplay, and it's AWESOME! If you like the times of ancient Rome and slicing your opponents this is the game for you. I love actions games and taking a break from BF1 to play such a gem was really nice. Let's be honest, there isn't any other game where you could be a Roman soldier apart from i.e. Total War, which is a different genre. It puzzles me however, why the game is so short, why you can't walk (you almost always run), why you can't kill silently and why the creators didn't develop it further. Because of that, it seems as if the product was not finished. They could have gone so much further, because the world of ancient Rome they created is beautiful. I will never forget the feeling I had when I first saw Colosseum - absolutely stunning! Unfortunately, you don't get much chance to admire the views because everything happens too fast. Also, slicing your opponents becomes boring quite quickly. A player has no choice over his actions and there is no stealth option whatsoever.All in all, Crytek created a beautiful game, which is definitely too short. If they developed it further, created alternative choices of events, enabled stealth kills, using tactics and an open world it would be 9/10 for me."
76561198187677167,Recommended,302510,23821087,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ShadowKiwi | RustBandit.com,+good story+awesome action scenes+easy to play+cool fights+good graphic-short storyHow do i get more gore??
,Recommended,302510,28628808,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JasonOrJason,"It is enjoyable however you cannot re-map controller buttons. (xbox controller.The parry button is A which is very unusual. Don't play Assassins's Creed, Shadow or Mordor or Batman before this unless you love bashing people in the face with your much slower shield than you do parrying as this is what Y does.Anyway, the looks amazing and does not deserve it's reputation, even if it is a bit of a tech demo."
76561198014682424,Recommended,302510,28543829,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HRX,Good storyline.great graphics thats all i can say !! Multiplayer is kinda dead.
76561197961911835,Recommended,302510,28881938,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Brewtality,game is awesome but not long enough
,Recommended,302510,28791488,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Scryptex™,"One of the most gorgeous games I've ever played! Absolutely beatiful! Great story, well optimized, good gameplay. This game is a lost gem! And for 4.99 is a complete steal!"
,Recommended,302510,29885765,Posted: 12 February,all,King of the Trill,"Pros:- Interesting (although short) single-player campaign story- Decent amount of replayability with friends during arena- Graphics look pretty good, although the FPS is a whole different story..- Sword fighting is very fluid- Easy controls- Goddess ta-tas- Raining hell with the ScorpioCons:- No custom keymappings, although I'd suggest a controller for this game anyways (its a console port, go figure)- Collectables are useless and near impossible to fully collect, this isnt the type of game you actually want to explore.- Obvisouly not optomized for PC. So much skipping and FPS dips while I can run all other games at 60fps- Campaign can get monotonous with very few variations in enemies- Boss fights can ge a grind. Once you know their one weakness, you just spam it till they die. They feel dragged out at times.- A little petty, but during some campaign missions there was 'graffiti' on the walls that did fit in at ALL. Took me out of the Roman feel instantly.Conclusion:If you dont have anyone to play it with, find an alternative source to get this game. I would feel okay spending $10 for this game, especially if the FPS issues were fixed (which I highly doubt will happen). This game had so much potential but I feel like it was squandered by Microsoft as this was one of the first games for the XBone. I recommend the game, although not at its current price."
,Recommended,302510,20135441,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,rockitstar,+ Astounding graphics+ Good story (remind me of the Gladiator movie)- QTE- very repetitive gameplay- short and linear8.0 / 10.0
,Recommended,302510,20180324,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gabbe2070,It is many things that is bad example you can not skip the cutscenes and that is very bad if you lose ones you need too look at these cutscenes again and that is very bad in my opinion. I like the game but it's that kind of stuff that make the game so bad and that is a shame.If you buy the game and starts to play you gonna see more things then I just takeing up so if you can mange that sort of stuff you gonna love it.I gonna give the game 6/10
76561198038742356,Recommended,302510,19810414,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Enigma88,"Didja ever wish there were a game that allowed you to get your fix of all the Majestic, slow-mo slaughter of 300?This.P.S. Yes, you can kick people (In slowmo) into Big♥♥♥♥♥Pits."
,Not Recommended,302510,20130591,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lpzie,Very nice and beautiful but repetitive and uninteresting. It's obvious from before the flashback what's going to happen at the end. No gracias.
,Recommended,302510,20712460,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,KingSin,Ryse: Son of Rome is good but short game great graphics interesting story simple but interesting way of fighting it's not bad game ...I would recommend it to all those who love the story of the rome and fighting with swords.
76561197971852593,Recommended,302510,20666324,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,el bandito-dH,"Being sceptic about this game all along since release I finally bought Ryse in the recent autumn/winter steam sale.. and I must admit I don't regret at all. If you're into movies like Gladiator and would like to be entertained some hours it's definitely worth the money.Sure, characters and story are nothing extraordinary, as well fighting is pretty much action orientated and for certain not historical accurate. Anyways, I liked the setting and the main characters grim voice (English VO) graphics are 10 of 10, sound is ok, controls work very well (using a gamepad is recommended!) and I enoyed it to the end.That being said, for less than 10€ you can't do wrong - unless you either don't like straight forward action games or the era."
76561198049537336,Recommended,302510,20830988,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Redbeard,"Awesome gameplay, good hack n slash"
76561198005271335,Recommended,302510,29779949,Posted: 8 February,all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:A decent attempt at making God of War for PC.There's no chance I would ever say ""no"" to a good gory third-person slasher, involving bloody finishers, and decent combat --Romeis exactly that.Yeah, of course there is that story, which is kind of obvious (but at least, it's not about 'Murica being invaded by zombies, aliens or Russians again), and the controls are somewhat lackluster (you'll get the hang of it, though, after playing for an hour), but overall this game is very solid.One of the surprisingly good action games of the 2014-2015 that most people haven't noticed (alongside with Mad Max, which is an awesome game -- even better than Rome, I'd say).A certain must-buy for all the action/slasher lovers, enjoying an occasional gorefest."
,Recommended,302510,16620478,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Raijin ThunderKeg,THIS IS SPARTA!!
,Recommended,302510,29722885,Posted: 5 February,all,𝖌𝖎𝖚𝖘𝖊𝖕𝖕𝖊,"This game is pure art. It will go down as one of my favorite titles, ever. Everything about it is epic.It goes to show you that a game doesn't need to drag on for 60+ hours to be good. I beat it in 5 and a half on centurion difficulty. In fairness, the combat is relatively easy and simplistic, but you play this one for the feeling it gives you more than anything.Glory to the republic"
,Recommended,302510,14281014,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Douche,"Awesome graphics, awesome music and awesome story. It is a game for those who love history and hack-n-slash with minor objectives.I recommend you using atleast 6gb RAM and a might gpu and processor so you may enjoy it!"
76561198046786762,Recommended,302510,20135987,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,{EURR}Zenris,Beautiful looking game with an awesome campaign backed-up with very fun multiplayer modes!
,Recommended,302510,12485868,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,wake_up_freeman,Great game. Incredible graphics. Smooth gameplay and the story line has a 300 and Gladiator theme. Finished the game in one session.If you like Sparta♥♥♥♥♥♥then this is a good game for you.
,Recommended,302510,13902107,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,natesobol,"If you like the story aspect of games then get this game. Amazing and compelling story, but the gameplay is good/mediocre.Pros:Great melee combatGood OptimizationGreat Graphics (cryengine)Intense/Exciting StoryCons:Bad Skill SystemRepetitive meleeUnsatifying killsSome aspects of combat are illogical (can't block certain hits, spears on hit kill enemies, but you can tank 100, etc)"
,Recommended,302510,14059059,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Shotgun Teddy,"This games combat system is amazingly fun. The executions and bloody combat intertwines flawlessly & seamlessly. This game would be 10/10 if it weren't so historically incorrect. I have to give it 8/10 due to that. The graphics and gameplay are 10/10, the story-line on the other hand, makes me shudder, and this is simply because I enjoy Roman-Greco history and study it as a pass-time. If you care nothing for history, then this will make no difference to you, although on a personal note: You should care!So much historical inaccuracies and nonsense go on in this game that its difficult to keep count. For example, the fact that barbarian tribes from Britain somehow domesticated and gained control of elephants (?????) is ludicrous. Apart from the fact that elephants don't LIVE in the UK or anywhere in Europe, it is well known that Brittanic armies never invaded Rome with or without elephants, and it is also well known that this feat was accomplished by Hannibal Barca of Carthage, some 150 years before hand (C.218 BC), who crossed the alps with his Carthaginian army and elephants.Boudica's rebellion was quashed in England by the Roman Governor, at the time Gaius Suetonius Paulinus (who by the way commanded the XIV legion as well as detachments of the XX), in Londinium (London) not Yorke, around while the game makes the rebellion take place in Yorke. This all happened between 60-61AD. After-which Boudica died either from suicide or illness. At the time Nero was indeed the emperor, but his depiction in the game is also nonsense, as there are many statues and busts depicting Nero and he was not a fat old man as depicted (Google it). Nero also had no sons, nor could he have ever witnessed galditorial matches in the colosseum considering that the colosseum was not constructed until the reign of Titus Vespasian around 70-80AD, after Nero's death! Furthermore, the protagonists name is completely incorrect and makes no sense when taking into account real roman names. Every Roman had the name of his gens or tribe (nomen), his personal name (praenomen), and his family name (cognomen). The protagonist's name is ""Marius Titus"", which is backwards. Titus is a praenomen (first name) and Marius is a cognomen (last name/family name). It would be like saying ""Hi, my name is Kennedy John"".REGARDLESS.... this games combat is insanely good and addicting. I only wish it was historically correct, and that they added an extra game-mode where you can simply play in the Colosseum against the computer AI for as long as you want. Sort of like in Arkham City where you can play the extra combat matches. You're only allowed to do the campaign or play Multiplayer matches, which is great, if there were more people who played! There's also no side tutorial where you can hone your skills against dumb AI, you sort of just have to learn as you play. Not to mention the campaign is fairly short, you can beat it in a day probably.8/10 (just due to the historical inaccuracies)."
76561198052819477,Recommended,302510,14019809,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bob Dylan,I really liked this game a lot i played the campaign to the end and enjoyed in very much but it has its pros and consPros+-Great Graphics-Great Enviroments-Great voice acting-Lots of blood and gore-Great action scenesCons--Story that didnt make sense at all-Very short game i finished it in 7 hoursI would give this game a 7/10 simply because i love this kind of hack'n'slash games
76561197984654795,Recommended,302510,14279315,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Omenankuorin,Exquisite looking game. Feels like playing movie!
76561198059867474,Recommended,302510,16520208,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vietnamkrigaren123,It's a nice game with many opportunities to survive and fight through the battlefield or in the arena of the gladiators.
76561198016096620,Recommended,302510,14325161,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[Hait]Rory,"This game got a soso review from the ""expert"" for i gotta to admit i have no regrets at all loved the story loved the gameplay .... great game ."
76561198122600586,Recommended,302510,15488856,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,nygrd_erik,Fett spill minus att går i gjennom story mode på en ettermiddag.
76561198145542305,Recommended,302510,14587002,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ancientorder,A really good game with outsanding graphics a good story and detailed cut scenes however the combat did feel REALLY clunky at the start especially the tutorial but you do get used to it eventually. Although that clunky feeling does come back every now and again  so in a way this reminds me of dead space 2 focuses on story and sort of leaves combat to do it's own thing but overall a great game well if your computer can run it :) and even though i finished it 5.6 hours it did a wonderful job of entertaining me and wanting more and more and more and more and more so ENJOY!!!!
76561198080152550,Recommended,302510,13281607,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,As a Roman General I killed the only female warrior in the game.9 / gender equality & representation
76561198048755698,Recommended,302510,14267844,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dcheddar,"One of the best games I have bought this Year if your looking for a game were you just play as a badass that cuts off peoples heads, legs, arms and anything else you feel the need to be cut off XD.Its prob better to play with a simple USB Xbox 360 control theres a lot of combos you have to learn in game and its harder doing it on a keyborad rather than a control, but so yeah i give this game a   (  9.5 / 10  )  Great Game"
,Recommended,302510,14560058,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ISIS-CHAN,"This Is Amazing Game I Like This But More Gore In This Game Like GOD Of War Maybe Or Other Gore Game's But I Like It 9,1/10my PC Spek-NVDIA GT 720 M-RAM 2 GB-INTEL CORE i3"
,Recommended,302510,20174140,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lopaca,My review for Ryse: Son of Rome:+Awesome story+Awesome environment+Intense gameplay+Chills giving cutscenes+Good acting+Good soundtrack-Poor optimization (but is visible only in some places)-Camera lock can get annoying-Sometimes objectives are hard to track (they are not signaled)Overall:+Worth buying it on sale!
,Recommended,302510,12623881,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Fern,"I really loved the method this game takes for combat, its quite unique and very cinematic, felt like I was playing the Russel Crowe Simulator :Pbut yeah, storyline is a bit lacking, and character development was nonexistant.gladiatorial combat looks like it could be fun if you could ever get a game in multiplayer. but its entertaining enough in single player to be a decent casual amusement.I would reccomend this game to people who want to be russel crow and who like arcade style hack and slash.If you are looking for meaningful and interesting characters then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,302510,23995400,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Retro,"FOR ROME!Marius is everything you could ever want out of a Roman soldier, and the beautiful graphics & combat system put you in the battlefield. The story is a bit short, so don't expect a 40hr gameplay phenomenon.The price is quite steep for what it is, on sale I would definitely recommend it!7/10"
,Recommended,302510,28451990,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ryhida,"The views of most people with respect to this game have been that it's bad. But after playing it I am suprised.The game looks great and runs well, bar horrible framerate locking and stuttering when loading areas/saving. I found that capping the framerate using something like Rivatuner would be the best way of having a smooth experience. Either way, a 750ti is able of getting 1080p30 or with some work 60fps. Just expect some drops when you change areas and such.Now thats out of the way, the game isn't half bad. The game made me want to play. The story, combat and fludity of everything just made it work. Yes, the story is short, but it is well made. I'm not going to spoil it, but it really does feel like a movie- Just without as many limitations.The combat is.. one such issue. It's ok... it's just not great. Just spam shift and space to dodge and block and everything just becomes simple. I do wish there was a bit more depth to the combat.. but this is basically what it comes down to. But at the same time... the executions kills are all the worth. They are so rewarding and really add to an otherwise stale combat system. The on the rail sections in the game are... simply badass. There is only one style... Testudo- aka the Roman Shield tank. They are forced, but it makes sense. It's not added in for the sake of it. It's just something that works.I would love a sequel. This game is great minus it's issues."
76561198017439069,Recommended,302510,20599749,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BaRdOckDBZ,Romans vs germanic tribes good combat mechanic
76561198056566210,Recommended,302510,14094518,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,N0B0DY,"For the brief period of time it lasted, it was brilliant. Its probably the only liniar game Ive bought that was worth what I payed, and the storyline was very engaging."
76561198124650265,Not Recommended,302510,26444076,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CinaX,24 gb a deyecek bir oyun değil çok kısa yapmışlar ve coop oynanma olayını çok kısıtlamıslar ben 31 tl vermezdim bu oyuna ama 7.75 düşmüşken alayım dedim oynansada olur oynanmasada ama boyutu çok büyük olmuş
,Recommended,302510,19749173,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ikeboy,"9/10This game deserves a sequel!Best action hack&slash game on steam. Easily rivals the god of war series.I highly suggest you buy this with a friend so you can play 2-player coop game modes.The coop multiplayer will remind you of Crixus and Spartacus.ProsLong and epic singleplayer campaign.Great 2player coop mode with tons of maps. (Arena, Survival, Round to Round)2 player kill cam execution is a nice additionConsCan't customize controls. Controls are locked to default WASD if you dont use a gamepad.Lacks more weapon and armor upgrades for the multiplayer character."
,Recommended,302510,20189996,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vohen,"Even tho the Media didn't take quite well Ryse : Son of Rome,on the other hand the gaming community loved itYES the story is short but so what ? its so well tell,so well made,so well tailored,immersive,so beautiful that we don't know if we are actually playing a video game or watching a movie and by the way Just look at resident evil 6 with such long long long long campaigns that after a while it turns out being so boring.RIP solo Res6 players.Quality instead of quantity.Graphics : Crytek are the masters of making astonoshing beautiful games PERIOD !!!!Soundtrack:Single player wise is good but there's this part where you have to defend a fort and oh my i just muted the ingame music and played some lord of the rings soundtrack,jesus it was amazing !!!!! Regarding multiplayer music : i just muted it.YES the gameplay is simple and Batman look a like and so what ? i don't see ppl bashing batman as much as they bash Ryse.Multiplayer is just.... BLOOOOOOOOOD,BLOOOOOOOOOOOD AND MORE BLOOOD ALOT OF BLOOD......COLD STEEL RIPPING THRU FLESH followed by NASTY EXECUTIONS and on top of that i use Disturbed,Slipknot,Venom,Lamb Of GOD,Sabaton and so on songs as background and suddently this allready wicked blood bath turns into a twisted sick feast to the eyes,and suddently i find myself pulling an evil smile filled with dark happiness....PURE JOYKILL'EM ALL,SLAY'EM ALLDEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DEAD  TO THE BEASTS !!!!URAHFOR ROME !!!"
,Recommended,302510,18746582,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CthulhuFhtagn[138],this is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing holy♥♥♥♥♥♥a game thats this good for this much!? omfg i love it buy it now!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,302510,20437426,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Agrona,"Never regretted a sec of purchasing this game, my fav combat game thus far. Amazing graphics, beautiful gameplay and interesting storyline. Would definitely purchase if there is a continuation of this 1st game. Well, i must say, one hell of a game! WAY TO GO DEVS! :)"
,Recommended,302510,22745733,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jk28004,"This game was entertaining and had a good story line that grabbed my attention and held on for the rest of the game.  Though it was somewhat predictable.  The game-play is fairly simple and even on the hardest playable difficulty I still beat the game in about eight hours. Once you beat the game on the hardest difficulty you unlock an even more difficult setting. I did not go through on that setting since the replay value doesn’t seem very high since I know that whole story now.  So the second play through seems like it would be mostly a hack and slash.So while the game was short and relatively easy, I really enjoyed the story and would still recommend picking up this game if it is one sale.It also has a multi-player mode that I didn't bother with."
,Recommended,302510,22752173,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Rin Kobayashi,"Finally an Ancient Roman game that isn't a strategy game or one of the few that I know of. Ryse: Son of Rome is an extremely fun action gamethat is short and sweet but has high replay for achievemtns and the co-op or single player colosseum. Although there are many other games to work on, this will be a great side game for the time setting, story, and fun action. But it isn't a perfect game. Just bugs and issues in game with checkpoints, very occasional bad cut scene transitions, and floating bodies. But those are funnier than a problem. A fantastic game and with my love for Ancient Rome, I might not stop with this game.Note:Not historicly accurate at all, but very close, but the time is very well re-created."
,Recommended,302510,33674610,Posted: 20 July,all,Gr3yىm0k3.ftw^,Awesome Sword fighting game with epic storyline. 10/10 recommended! :D
76561198061715966,Recommended,302510,23996014,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Take Your Time,"Can become a little repetitive, but there are unlocks to help spice some things up. Very fluid and very polished. Definitely worth getting on sale. It will probably keep you busy for 6-8 hours, there's not much replay value in my opinion. Solid game."
,Recommended,302510,22760905,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MattoTomato,"This game is superb, I had lots of fun time playing. Fight scene is really awesome!"
76561198038189717,Not Recommended,302510,29774490,Posted: 7 February,all,phoenix42,"TLDR and all that:This game features you hacking your way through the enemies and then the members of the Roman Empire. It ends with you defeating Boudicca, queen of the celts, on a war elephant. In Rome, during a Barbarian invasion. When you also kill emperor Nero. That said, the graphics are neat, and the gameplay is solid enough for the most part. If you can switch your brain off while you play it, and can avoid a brain hemmorhage during the final cutscenes, you might enjoy it. Maybe.Longish version:If you enjoyed films like 300, you will enjoy this game.If you enjoy an Assassin's Creed style gameplay without the hassle of stealth or an open world, you will love it.If you watched Gladiator and King Arthur and thought, ""well, that was nice but could I have less historical stuff and more violence, please?"", you will be hopping for joy when you play Ryse.If you enjoy steering your clichéd overpowered butcher character through an increasingly ridiculous world of violent slaughter, you will be ecstatic.No, really, I'm not kidding. You might enjoy this game. I know I enjoyed parts of it (the violent parts) - it's a great way of blowing off steam.If, on the other hand, you like your game stories to make a modicum of sense, you will find this game disappointing.If you like playing a character that isn't motivated by his family's violent death and is unburdened by any other defining character traits than his finishing moves, you will increasingly be feeling the urge to bite something after the first third of the game.If you disliked the fascist undertones and pointless glorification of violence as of 300 and the like, you will hate this game.And if you are the kind of person who thinks games set in the Roman empire should possess at least a tiny smidgen of historical accuracy (as in, having something in common with the Roman Empire), you will be beating your head to a bloody pulp on the keyboard. This game makes the Total War series look like it was written by historians, heck, it makes 300 seem historically sound. Even Game of Thrones has more historical value than this game. I am not kidding. In GoT, at least the armour and swordplay are realistic. Ryse does not even have that going for it.Essentially, Ryse: Son of Rome is only what I can assume is the product of a game developers' brain storming session that went along the lines of""Hey, let's make a game like 300, but in Rome!""""Sounds awesome, we can make some really nice visual effects!""""Yeah, and we can use gameplay that will make the player feel like a total killing machine!""""Yeah, we need recognition though. We need stuff any idiot will recognise, you know, Boudicca, War Elephants, Centurions, buzz words.""&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ we'll have to research that, though.""""Nah, don't sweat that. Just go with what seems awesome.""""Okay... what do we do for story? Should we do something original?""""No, I got this. Throw the plots of King Arthur, 300 and Gladiator into a word recognition blender and take the most popular results. These guys will buy anything..."""
,Not Recommended,302510,29779535,Posted: 8 February,all,Billeh,So much potential - great story and graphics but constantly hobbled by a console-style control system and movements.  The awkardness reduces the immersion throughout and turns it from something amazing into an average game.
,Recommended,302510,23995500,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Naughtius_Maximus,"Space Marine: The Roman Empire Edition-Feels a lot like space marine-Amazing graphics (gtx970 no problems here running all at ultra, few drops in Britannia)-Neat story-Really good acting and cutscenes-Combat is so repetitive, it's a chore. It's assassin's Creed repetitive and mind numbing.Great purchase for a discounted price."
,Recommended,302510,22597697,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[DFC] Krystal881,"It was an easy run through, great graphics and good storyline. My main complaint was its very 'button-bashy' and repetitive. Its a good time filler kind of game."
,Recommended,302510,13458945,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Unknown_user,"not a bad action game, excellent graphics and interesting story.be aware however that you cant rebind the keys, that the campaign is only 6 hours long, and they play fast and loose with history."
,Not Recommended,302510,18741391,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MusicGuitarClassic,"Well, I cannot see why people write positive reviews. I feel really sorry for this game. With the graphics at a that high level, it had so many potentials. But, the mechanics are very poor, combats are way too simple and there is no open world, which means that there is nothing more to do after you finish the okay but short story. It is a wearisome one time through. Not to mention the ridiculous price. I gave 7,5 euros, on sales, and I am not satisfied at all. I cannot imagine giving 30. For one more time it proves that new age gamers grade games based only on graphics. Watch gameplay before you decide to buy, not trailers."
,Recommended,302510,13825964,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KERMiiT o,"Short game with a basic combat system, but a very interesting story thatll leave you interested in the world they created even when the 5 hours are done."
,Recommended,302510,22235857,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,✠GK[AK]✠,"Игра мне очень понравилась!!!Советую в неё поиграть, тем кто ценит сюжет. Интересная техника боя, хорошо нарисованные скины героев.Советую поиграть!!!"
76561198022675945,Recommended,302510,33638715,Posted: 18 July,all,Superfly,"Its a bit of a on the rails button spammer with a few faults, but, definetly worth £3.75."
,Recommended,302510,22209171,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SeverelyLtd,"This is a really slick little game.But we should probably unpack that sentence, because while it's slick, it is also very, very little.I got through the main story in about six hours. There's not much challenge, the gameplay consists of hack-and-slash fights interspersed with quick-time events, and the environments are dreadfully linear.But what little there is happens to be put together really well. The game is beautiful to look at, and not overly taxing on your system - playing on a mid-range PC, I got a steady 40-50 FPS throughout. The animations are fluid, the arena mode offers you a bit more of a challenge. The story is a bunch of familiar set pieces strung together - in one scene, you're storming a beach like an Ancient Roman version of SAVING PRIVATE RYAN (and, indeed, the achievement for that level is called ""Saving Private Marius""), and then you find yourself rescuing people from being burned in a wickerman (like in that movie, THE WICKER MAN), and then it all ends up with (duhdoy) a giant GLADIATOR reference.I think a good litmus test of whether you'll like this game is if you can watch movies like I, FRANKENSTEIN and genuinely enjoy yourself. It's dumb fun, but it knows it's dumb, and it never tries to pretend otherwise.I picked it up for five bucks during a sale, and I felt like it was money well spent."
76561198048978824,Recommended,302510,22210296,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,harsh1572,"The graphics are great. Gameplay is average. It is a very short game. The story is great, but they could've put more effort into level design to make it longer and more immersive. Do not spend more than 5$ on this."
76561198137775298,Recommended,302510,33736793,Posted: 22 July,all,Gatinor,"Pros: Fun Combat, Satisfying Executions, Beautiful Graphics, Cool Roman SettingCons: Historically Innacurate, Campaign is very shortI reccomend purchasing for 20$ at most, preferably cheaper, good game though."
76561198065760889,Recommended,302510,20954109,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,puppehs,"Fun, repetitive game using the crytek engine.  You're going to be cutting off a lot of arms."
76561198091068013,Recommended,302510,22189997,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,MOURA,"Great game, only the multiplayer that leaves a little todesire, but in general it's great, the campaingn is fantastic and the physics is great too!"
,Recommended,302510,12533514,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sir_Crumpets,"For those who love, gore, blood, and graphics. This is your game. I have never been more amazed by graphics than when I played this game. The execution moves are very unique, and the player detail is remarkable. Blood is not so realistic, but it gets the job done.All that said, there are a few down sides.For starters, the storyline is a bit short and predictable. Follows the whole, nobody to very important somebody, storyline. Also, the story didn't seem to leave an impression. Other then vengance, you don't really create a bond with any of the characters. There are a few here and there that might grow on you, but other then that, you will find yourself saying ""Huh, hes dead, don't care. Oh look! A barbarian let me go cut off his arm."" kinda things.Along with the glitches that may or may not be fixed, the whole QTE aspect along side the boss fights, get kind of boring for some people if you are not there for the blood and gore. The fighting system is very repetitive too, but its expected from a hack and slash, button mashing, dismembering, kind of a game.Thats my piece, 8/10."
76561197974390730,Recommended,302510,14275564,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,AcdzBrn,Totally Epic and Looks Amazing!!!
76561198025451977,Recommended,302510,14291174,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,HarassMe,"Surprisingly entertained, by this game. It is nothing ground-breaking, with regards to gameplay, but the story is engaging and the graphics/effects are good. This is definitely worth the 20 i paid for it... i can't even take my family for a movie, for that price, but they are into watching me play this game. Not a $50 purchase, but certainly an amusing, cinematic experience."
76561198151146503,Not Recommended,302510,28867232,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CONCENTRATION,"The image quality and blow feeling are great! But they were ruined by linear plot, and makes the entire game very boring."
76561198000380436,Recommended,302510,19721226,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,War Crimes!!!,Jam♥♥♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118629582,Recommended,302510,20964638,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheRealKoreLe,"It's a beautiful looking game, but damn the fighting is so repetitive, after 2hours in it's constantly the same hack and slash, slow motion finishes and that's mostly it. Gets boring pretty quickly, but the sound and visuals make up for the repetitive gameplay. Worth the 3bucks i paid for, but hell no at full price."
,Recommended,302510,28270110,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rilakumaaa,"If you love hack and slash game you probably gonna love this although the execution moves are repetitive but still you can enjoy this game. Don't expect a story rich type game, I finished this game within 6 hours. If you buy this when it's on sale then good, if not you just waste your money."
76561198003368062,Recommended,302510,23975626,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,『Monster』,"Decent game, though played through the entire game in these almost 6 hours on the hardest difficulty avaible (i.e. Not Legendary, but the one below it.) Obviously the graphics were awesome, and almost makes that game worth its pricetag. Do keep in mind that these graphics make the game quite intensive on your PC, and i actually needed to lower the in-game setting on my fairly powerful pc (GTX980 Graphics Card). I personally enjoyed the development you experience yourself through the game, as you get used to fighting the enemies. The shortage of different enemy types makes it easy to master the counters for each ""class"". Whether this a pro or a con, you decide yourself.All in all i would recommend this game, and would score it at a 6 maybe if i stretch it 7/10."
76561198064213702,Recommended,302510,28793100,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YuppLo,"For 4,99€ (while on sale), it is SOOO WORTH IT. I kinda feel bad for buying this game for such a low price. The combat system is a little bit repetitive, but challenging nonetheless. Cut scenes are terrific, story is very interesting and my god, graphics are WONDERFUL. The story is quite short, but I've enjoyed every second of it. Also, the end of the story was satisfying as hell!10/10"
,Recommended,302510,28343424,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"If you expect historical accuracy, let me assure you, there is none here.Now that's out of the way, this is a pretty fun game, but the combat can become somewhat repetitive later in the game. I do recommend however if you do play this game, vary your combat a bit and mix things up. It will keep combat from becoming stale and run of the mill later in the game. That and there are plenty of quick time events to muddle things up here and there, don't let that put you off to much though. Because for how old this game, it still looks fantastic. Excellent looking stylized action and set pieces to hack, slash and cleave your enemies through. The story isn't anything to amazing, so don't expect to be wowed or even impressed with it. You do get a leveling system and experience based on how many enemies you kill and how well the combos were performed. Variation is key to leveling fast, though on normal difficulty, you'll by shy just a little bit before hitting peak at the end of the game.It's also bloody. Very bloody.Pros:-Decent combat with plenty of action-Great setpieces-Excellent graphics-Fun multiplayer-Action packed campaign-Some of the levels are pretty memorableCons:-The story is mediocre at best-Characters are so-so cliche-Quick time events-Combat can become repetitive-Game can be very taxing on your GPU, even high end ones still-Multiplayer has very few people playing-I'd say wait for a sale unless you've $20(USD) just laying aroundIt's not the best game and plenty come before it. But if you've the money, pick it up sometime, but like I said, don't expect amazing things here. I'll put my pc specs below for comparison. The game ran mostly on high settings, medium textures and lowest anti-aliasing.Honsetly, I have a hard time recommending this game due to how it ran on my numerous playthroughs.MS-7850Intel Core i5-4670k CPU @ 3.4GHz overclocked @ 4.3GHz12299MB RAM (12GB RAM)EVGA Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 ftw editionGame ran at 1600x900 resolution, avg of 50fps with frame drops in numerous environments as low as 30fps"
,Not Recommended,302510,22262661,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,This game was good untill the end when you fight this girl. Well the controls are♥♥♥♥♥and you can't preform rolls when you do something else so the game screws you over. Then it keep dragging out the fight and finally at the end it crashses.
76561198051971343,Recommended,302510,16510218,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BlackHawk,"Short campaign, about 5 hours long, very linear level design, QTE fights and executions become a little boring at the end, but still a fun, good looking game with a solid cutscenes and voice acting which will keep you for about one afternoon. Oh, and there is a MP option, but it's really nothing special, and I doubt anyone will have fun there. Bit late to write a review for a 2 year old game, but hey...! :)Game is not worth a full 60$ price tag, that is for sure, so wait for a sale or something.....then.....it's easily recommened ;)6/10"
76561197997754115,Recommended,302510,14234796,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,mountveggie,"The story is gripping and excellently played out, the combat system is unique and was solid enough to hold my attention through 2 playthroughs (yes, I enjoyed the game that much - once on the Xbox One, then again on Steam for better graphics), the camera is truly cinematic and draws you into every playable situation and cutscene, and the graphics, oh man, the graphics.... absolutely STUNNING. THIS is how ""next gen"" needs to look.*Apologies for this short rant, but...* Personally, I'm sick of reviewers bashing this game's unique (and honestly pretty good) combat, while singing high praises to every other hack and slash game out there that simply rips off Batman's system - and we wonder why there's less and less innovation in games? (Then point the fingers back at developers)Ryse may not be a 10/10 game, but it hits a 10 (or at the very least, a 9) on every single target that it aims for - and that's what matters. I purchased this game at full price, and found it well worth my money."
76561198066509263,Recommended,302510,14234176,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,john2soccer,Semper ParatusSemper FidelisPro PatriaPro RomeBuy this Game
,Recommended,302510,28746033,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,joeyvera,This is a great game. I'm having a lot of fun but consider this is a Hack and Slash game. If you are looking for something else this is definitely not.
,Recommended,302510,24427118,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Khaos,"+Graphics+Combat+Executions+Cool Armor+Gladiator Mode+Campaign-Hard to skip cutscenes-LONG cutscenes-Somewhat short CampaignThis game is genuinely fun to play, and i was able to get it on sale for 5$. It's probably the best 5$ i've ever spent."
76561198010974023,Recommended,302510,20264072,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cezarw,"beautiful visualy , good story line (it colud be longer...), gamplay no bad -sommetimes annoiyg and boringbuy it only on sale -price is to high ( I think?)"
,Recommended,302510,24426698,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SkarEffect,"Really unique game, a lot better than I thought It would be when I first read reviews from the xbox one version. The game is kinda short, but these type of games useally are, I only paid $5 on summer steam sale for Ryse and since I only got about 5 hours of playtime, money was worth it IMO. Not to mention the graphics were really good too."
,Recommended,302510,14204466,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"Ryse: Son of Rome...A game released a year earlier on the Xbox One and then ported over PC (lucky us!). I'd like to start and say that this game is a love/hate kind of experience. The game is fun, most of the time until you see the plethora of collectibles and nasty Quick-Time Events (QTE) that plague the game. At first, the QTE aren't ""life or death"" scenario but do helps you during your playthrough. That all changes until the very last level that you have to do perfect ""mouse click"" for each prompt made by the game. It's annoying, irritating and can get frustrating!Another note though... One thing that I have never considered in this game is that the prompt are made in color blue and yellow, without any other written notices to what button to press. This can be gamebreaking to colorblind gamers as I read on Steam review. The issue is still pending resolution but I doubt it'll be fixed.So what is this game?A QTE festival set in the ancient Rome circa. I won't bother too much with story details as they are pretty much average and you can always read up the sypnosis here on Steam or on the Internet. Basically, its about you, ""the son of Rome"" and you are on a quest for vengeance.PROS:+Stunning visuals (graphics, character models and animation are truly TOP NOTCH and probably the best graphics to date).+Strong voice acting.+Decent soundtrack.+Fun combat once you master the mechanics and it gets pretty gory!+Playtime seemed long enough to me (was done in about 7 hours at normal difficulty setting).+CO-OP and MultiPlayer Modes can add replayability.CONS:-Naturally, the flood of QTE (especially the last level where you are REQUIRED to have perfect QTE prompts or you fail).-Claustrophobic Field of View (A really big irritant for me, no Field of View slider. I would have loved to back off the camera further so you could see better in periphery. It's like you are seeing the world inside a keyhole and Marius takes a third of the whole screen).-Repetitive boss fights (fighting bosses two to three times until they finally die, i.e.).-Average and predictable story. (Does vengeance and being used by Gods sounds a bell anyone? Thought so and Kratos would agree!)*Gamebreaking issue for colorblind gamers since the QTE's are color based.OVERALL:The game has many faults. Did I liked it? Yes and no... but mostly yes. Yep, surpRYSE! Sure the playtime seems short but it was long enough with all the QTE's and annoying collectibles to gather. I wouldn't mind playing a sequel only if Crytek can improve on all the nasty flaws Ryse has.RECOMMENDATION:For graphics junkies, give it a shot! For gamers that prefer to ""watch the game"" since Ryse is like a movie than a game, give it a shot! For QTE lovers, you are at the right place!Honestly, I do recommend this game for all its faults. But if you are interested in this game, give it a shot ONLY once it is in a VERY GOOD deal. I though 30$ Steam Holiday sale was a good price but I beg to differ and just wait up for a better price!RATING:7.0 / 10"
,Recommended,302510,14235635,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Impaler,"Definite play if you get it on sale.I got it over the Holiday sale for about $20 and it was fun. The game is very much move from A to B and kill a lot of guys in between with a few ""on rails"" segments thrown in that follow a very predictable pattern. As you can see by my play time it is a short game and even on the highest difficulty from the start it is very easy and never really becomes challenging throughout the rest of the game. The story is kinda meh and the weapons are not varied enough for the combat. You always use a sword and shield and throw a spear as your extra weapon(I get that it is Rome and you are a Commander, but it still would have been nice to lose your shield or something and have to fight with a sword or with your fists at some point).The MP is co-op and pretty cool as it is basically you and a friend or random in the Coliseum and you survive as long as you can with some varied objectives or you beat it, level up and then do it all over again, but it does not have enough ""meat"" to hold your attention for long.Obviously this is a Crytek game because they graphics are top notch and like any Crytek game, the story and gameplay is subpar so go in with little expectations and you will have fun."
,Recommended,302510,19723239,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,captgalen,"Good Gameplay and Great Story. Sometimes feels a little repetitive when fighting many waves of normal enemies, but I only felt it sometimes. also bought it on sale. Game is somehow similar to God of War with less boss battles, less button smashing, no puzzles, no mythical powers but with new modes where you comman your army/legion and you control a xbows/scorpio. You must also observe enemy patterns to defeat them, specially bosses, similar to how you memorize patterns on megaman games, Graphics is also really great.Finished the game in about 6 hours, but there is a multiplayer gladiator mode where you will fight other players online. haven't tired it yet. will update my review after.Overall the game is good"
,Recommended,302510,22164941,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,its short. but great.
,Recommended,302510,22189168,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DMStewart,"""Joey, you like movies about Gladiators?"""
,Recommended,302510,12474385,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"I give it a score of 9 out of 10What can one say about such a game? It a lot like a movie and that what yaget is nothing short of amazing, from the stellar music, good ol classic story of revenge with great characters, good fighting system ""though not the best"" and above all some of the best graphics ever seen to date.I knew this game would have some bugs at first and thats why i didn't buy it on day one.Saw that there were some issues and it looks like the devs got right on it so that made believe in it."
76561198013475377,Recommended,302510,21985090,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Knyn,"Wow, this game, yea your fingers hurt from mashing buttons but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the story in this game is incredible. I havn't witnessed a story like this in a game for years. You need to stop looking, stop contimplating and buy this game right now if you love a good story campaign. If you miss out on this story your an idiot!"
,Recommended,302510,22017279,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Inside of you,"Game is good, specially if you like games that pushes your reflexes to the next level, and a good adrenaline when all those men surrounds you and attacks you simultaneously with archers shooting at you aha good brutal game"
76561198014906902,Recommended,302510,22692658,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Alexandros,"One of the best games i have ever played. Where can i comment? The story? The Combat? The Graphics? they are all awesome. Don't ask, just buy it and after finish the campaign come to find me and fight with me in colosseum co-op. Prepare for Glory!!!"
,Recommended,302510,14261055,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[MANX] majorpar,"Highly recommended.Beautiful detail and graphics, along with a passionate story line to get you connected with your player.The co-op feature is also great, with plenty of maps and arenas to choose from along with character costumers, the game just keeps going.I also recommend anyone using BIG PICTURE to try this game out.Only use on HD TV's as anything the quality will differ."
76561197984196136,Recommended,302510,14261811,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lubra,"Too bad my PC just runs it in low graphics. Anyway it has AWESOME graphics, animations and finishing moves!! Really liked that. Didn't like the camera though, sometimes it sucks and I can't see the enemy or perform a combo because I just can't see what button to press :/ Until now the only major problem I'm facing is when I approach an objetive, the player and camera starts to move in circles and I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore! (gotta restart the game)"
76561197979718872,Recommended,302510,33346150,Posted: 7 July,all,Lex Schwarzkopf,Very good game. The graphics is very good. The story is interesting. The combat is engaging. I am not sure why many gamers overlook this game but I think you should give it a try.
,Recommended,302510,24111911,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ß,"Quick Time Event Simulator 2015Okay story, but not the best combat system. Everything is a quick time event, similar to Assassin's Creed's combat, but more variability in which button to press. Many of your enemy's attack startups look the same, but vary in their parry timing window. This makes it difficult to perfect parry them, but rolling is a semi-reliable option too.Executions get repetitive quick, but it makes for an interesting challenge to try to get legendary timing. Even if you push the wrong button it still gives the execution to you - I'd like to see failure as an option. Makes the whole game kind of mindless.Then there is 'focus mode' which is just rediculous. It stuns every enemy around you and gives you a huge attack speed buff. I'm glad this doesn't work on the bosses or the game would get really boring really fast.Also, I never really figured out what the point of 'execution upgrades' was or what 'burning eagle' mode did. I understand that execution upgrades gives you more execution animations, but it's a silly thing to spend XP on. %80 of them are unlocked from the beginning anyway. I think burning eagle mode is suppose to reward better timing with more damage, but I didn't see any noticible impact.Other than trying to be perfect for perfect's sake, not a hard game even on the higher difficulties. Try skipping on the health upgrades if you're looking for some punishment.The story is a good one, but felt rushed toward the end. And there was no real 'final boss' to me. I kept waiting to fight something out of God of War, but no such luck. All questions do get answered, but looking back it's not the most satisfying ending.Overall, I'd say it's worth it if it's on sale. A solid play through in the end."
,Recommended,302510,21053250,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Valyrian,"Very fun game. If you like the combat in assassin's creed then you should feel right at home. Easy counters, brutal take downs, and overall very fun. It's a bet repetitive with the enemy types, because there are really only 3-4 types, but I liked the story. It was very short, 5.1 hours is what I sunk into it, but I bought it for 6 dollars. Would buy again for 6 dollars."
76561198042558870,Recommended,302510,21059769,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rhaegar,"It was a very fun game and the story is good, really commend this game for people that like Single player games!"
76561198201716614,Recommended,302510,17410353,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Close,"INTRODUCTION:Ryse: Son of Rome is a stunning action-adventure that follows Marius Titus on a heroic quest to avenge the death of his family, and preserve the honor of Rome, at all costs.PROS:+ Ridiculously amazing graphics! Crank it up if your PC can handle it!+ Great voice acting+ intriguing story+ Intense action packed combat+ Cool ProtagonistCONS:-Combat cut scene/finishers are repetitive and un changeableEnemys looked the same.-Camera is a little idk at times wonky/ jerky a bit-QTE for the executions are cool but can get old after a while, this ones not really a con, but at difficult gameplay settings you tend to rely on them more for their combat boosts, Idk it just needed refinment in my opinion.CONCLUSION:This game looks great, its repetitive in a cool and visually pleasing way, and I enjoyed it. Pick it up on sale, play the campaign, maybe dabble some on the online. I believe I got my money's worth from it.--------------------------------------------------"
76561198071369684,Recommended,302510,12519539,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Johnny B,"This game is awesome plain and simple 10/10,definatly worth checking out."
,Recommended,302510,32400227,Posted: 13 June,all,M4RHUN,"Such an awesome game. It's simple and good for some free time killing. I'm enjoying every minute of it.There are some fps issues here and there in singleplayer though.All in all, highly recommended by me!"
76561198068929820,Recommended,302510,34874249,Posted: 10 September,all,FRTODECE,"Great graphics...story is not bad,fighting physics are awesome..."
,Recommended,302510,32178100,Posted: 4 June,all,The_Reaper95,"The game is alright. Well worth the £3.74 On Sale price tag that you'll find this at on Steam every big sale these days.I've not yet finished it. But it's a bit like Crysis in terms of Story Quality. Story isn't the most gripping, won't keep you coming back and excited.Looks absolutely georgous.A lot have complained about optimization. And claimed that even though they have better specs than me, that their performance is worse. But that's all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.6600k, at stock cuz, Summer. GTX 980, at 1480Mhz. (Triple fan, so temps are fine overclocked) 16GB DDR4, at 2400Mhz.Max Settings which is Very High Textures, Temporal Anti-Aliasing on. And all the other settings on. 60FPS at 1080p.Combat is not perfect but it's not bad, at most it's actually better on Mouse and Keyboard than Controller due to how the buttons are not customizable on Controller, but are on PC. (For some reason, parry is set to bloody A for XBOX, X for PS4. on the controller. It's a horrible placement of the button and messes me up constantly) and a lot of people, and I, justifiable dislike the QTE centred executions. Even if it does make you feel a little cool. It takes you out of the combat. And breaks immersion slightly."
,Recommended,302510,21081098,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,«Beany»,"I am so glad this game came to PC and i took the risk and purchased(When on sale). Very atmospheric game and everything is just brilliant. I do not know where people are getting these bad reviews from at all?-Acting is Brilliant-Graphics are truely breath taking-Fighting is well done also, could do without the combo hit HUD coming up though-Cutscenes are screenshot galore as you can tell from how many i have of the game :)All and all great game and should definitely give it a go whenever have free money for spare but would probably be best to do so while on sale. Havent tried out the multiplayer yet as i will at one point if it is still alive :)Overall....8/10"
,Recommended,302510,20277340,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Falcon140,"Very fun combat system in this game. Very intuitive UI as well. The story isn't very long or complex, but it is enjoyable."
76561198154609520,Recommended,302510,22171695,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,calebtsmith,"Only two complains:Little replay valueToo much nudityEverything else was amazing:GraphicsGameplayStoryMessageSeemless portCinamaticsBought it for about $20 and did not feel cheeted at all.  If it is on sale for $5 there should be no question, buy it!"
76561198088300013,Not Recommended,302510,29781169,Posted: 8 February,all,Horse with a flag,"Before I bought this game, I thought it's a game that involves story and combat about the Roman Empire.I was wrong, this game has no storyline and it's just about killing barbarians non stop. the first 20 min can be exciting, but after those 20 min you'll probably get bored. you just click the same buttons over and over again without any story or dialog choices...If you want a game that is 100% combat without any storyline, maybe you should buy it on sale.All the enemies look the same, and the combat is really reptetive."
76561198128998897,Recommended,302510,19412658,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,JirniiSnake,"Отличная Игра ,хороший сюжет , Жалко только короткая игра"
76561197997199684,Recommended,302510,35209699,Posted: 25 September,all,</yourlife>,"tl;dr linear hack'n'slash game, AWESOME combat system, suprisingly good story, great graphics, 5h to complete+++The main feature of this game is it's combat system. It's very fluid, dynamic, have great executions and slowmo. Most of the time in game (all) you spend slashing enemies in beautiful locations like Rome, forest or deep forest which is exactly what I expected. What I didn't expect is actually great story. Voice of main character is also very nice, nice enough for me to mention it. DID I SAY THAT COMBAT SYSTEM IS AWESOME?~~~Game features also some upgrade systems but it don't bring much, just more health or more and faster anything. No gear upgrade or smth like that. Boss fights are OK (with Budica) and one (with forest ""monster"") is well, boring. Just keep doing same all the time. Gets somewhat challenging on Legendary level, but only a little (and only with Budica)---What I didn't like about this game is it's the fact you can't play it on max difficulty straight away. You need to play it on hard and PLEASE DON'T PLAY ANY LOWER (it won't be challaging AT ALL) and then start on Legendar difficulty, because you keep all the upgrades (health and stuff) from hard. Game is good enough to repeat it straight away tho which i did.Some may complain about fact that it is somewhat short - 5h for completing, but i wouldn't expect something more from such linear game."
76561198167190171,Recommended,302510,28664679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sir Raptor,"The game's combat is gory and fluid just how I like it. The story is good enough, a few cliches here and there, but still a great roman game. I was always hoping assassins creed would go to the roman empire, well back when the series didn't suck. A lot of fun and another great game by crytek."
,Recommended,302510,22478940,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,OffCourse,"+vesVisually, the game is stunning.Gameplay is fairly fluidic.Voice acting is good.Story is intriguing for the most part.-vesThough gameplay is fluid, sadly the action is repetitive.The game might not run in all it's glory for many if not all owners.The controls can be very frustating."
,Recommended,302510,13539534,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AlphaDeekay,Overall great game with a very compelling story.  The combat is not as bland as some reviews say it is; there is reasonable enemy variation and skill.  Only issue I had is really bad PC optimization.  I have a GTX760 and barley got 30 FPS on normal settings.  This also included some serious lag spikes right after loading in or during intense sequences.  7.5/10
76561197999441198,Recommended,302510,13592907,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Raneru,"Short but extremely sweet. If you like games like Shadows of Mordor and/or Assassins Creed you will probably like this game too. About 8 hours worth of single player campaign. Haven't tried multiplayer, though."
76561198058108212,Recommended,302510,20072174,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SoulStorm,"Before playing this game i had heard many negative remarks about it so was not sure what my experience would be, after playing the first half an hour of the game i was sucked in by the intriguing story and amazing graphics, sure the combat seemed a little clunky but i stormed on.  After finishing the main story i found myself amazed at how anyone could give this game a bad review, that's not to say this game was perfect but it doesn't deserve the beating it seemed to have taken.  This game had a great story, likable characters, amazing graphics and voice acting, overall great brutal combat even if the boss battles were not very challenging.            8/10        Would dismember countless hordes for Rome again."
,Recommended,302510,29251675,Posted: 14 January,all,JupiteR,"I'm sorry Mafia 2, but Ryse: Son of Rome is now my new favourite game.Honestly, what a f*cking game, This story rich game is just incredibly mind blowing, I dont know whether its because im a Rome fanboy or what, but damn, i've not played a game so beautiful in a while. I'm lost for words, oh and the ending! EXTRAORDINARY! :DThanks for the experience Crytek grazie mille!"
,Recommended,302510,22243700,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,This game has a short but amazing story with great visuals and the best combat system i have ever played.9/10
,Recommended,302510,19980688,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Schreibsessel,"Pro:Fantastic graphicsExtremly satisfying combat MovesHas multiplayer modeis cheap for that epic looking graphicsEpic cinematicsBloodCons:storyline is only 6 hours (it is nice, except some logical errors, i liked it though)even though the combat remains satisfying and the storyline always introduce new enemies at the right time, it becomes a bit repetitive, but im actually ok with it.Multiplayer is only with 2 players and coop against ai in different modes, so its gonna get boring soon after you finished storyline.Summary:Get it when its on sale, its definatly worth a try, The best part about the game is the storymode. Dont expect a proper multiplayer. Dont expect a game here where you can invest 50 or more hours, it will most probably start to bore you out when you finished the story mode. Game looks fantastic and with the cinematics it sometimes feels more like a movie than a game."
,Recommended,302510,22383314,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,~`idiedthisway,"In a short sentence-Great, underrated game."
,Recommended,302510,18227818,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dhcrt1969,"Way better than i expected! Good job Crytek, good job!"
76561197970363684,Recommended,302510,14280255,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Poisonpill,"A Roman version of Space Marine, Great fun."
76561198035861990,Recommended,302510,22994039,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CrazY-JoE,awesome story but very short
76561197991647254,Recommended,302510,14268741,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Seb,"The top comments are pretty accurate.In summary :+ graphics, theme, animations- short- repetitiveTypical crytek game. Get if you want to smash enemies for 6h and enjoy nice graphics (if you have the computer for it)."
,Not Recommended,302510,24837465,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Devil,"I went into this game really excited. Was extremely dissapointed. While the game is beautifull it suffers from some major problems. First being an extremely awkward camera, clucky feeling mechanics, and one that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most being no block mechanic for a character that carries a shield for 100% of the game.  I am honestly baffeled at how many positive reviews this game has gotten, after playing it first hand, basically just on how the game looks alone. The story is alright, there are better there are worst and that being said i did like a fair number of the characters. Went into it feeling like it would be simmilar to God of War, and while yes it is a hack and slash game with QTE it has nothing else that God of War had.While many people said that they thought the story was too short, I thought it was excruciatingly long, seriously I would have rather had a root cannal done. My highlight of this game was beating it and knowing that I never had to deal with it again and could uninstall it from my computer."
,Recommended,302510,31257495,Posted: 20 April,all,.vAs.Sabbat[USA],Amazing game! Graphics are beautiful and the controls are rather simple. If you have played any of the Batman games you will be a pro at this in no time. The story draws you in and gets you hooked. More like playing a movie than playing a video game. First game I've played in years that keeps me wanting to know what's next. I hate to admite I've owned the game for quite a while now and just recently reinstalled it and actualy played it.
,Recommended,302510,13815493,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Liggy,"A simple game that deserves much more.I wanted to try Ryse ever since it was announced for Xbone only. When it finally got announced for PC a bit later on, I was excited to play. All I read was bad reviews about the game, how it was boring and a waste of an exclusive blah blah blah. Tried it out for my self and got sucked in immediately.Visually the game is amazing, but the gameplay is simple enough that it makes fun to play for hours..well until you beat the game.The QTE events are actually real nice, moving the camera around while in slow mode, watching your character chop opponents up is great. The story actually isn't bad at all either, I've played worse and Ryse does a real nice job by keeping things on point.Crytek could've done way more with this game, but in the end, Ryse is a game that you should play at least once to see what the fuss is about. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys these kinds of games, and for that I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,302510,16510003,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BrandonZ9889,"Ryse: Son of Rome follow Marius Titus, a man stipped of his family at a young age, whom upon losing them, begins a journey to avenge them across Rome and Britain alike. Although fairly short, this game has a lot of redeeming qualities. The graphics and presentation are truly next-gen, very crisp and life-like. The storyline is realistic and full of main character deaths that you do not see coming. It has a lot of replay value with hidden collectibles hidden amongst the levels, and achievements galore awaits those who want them. The multiplayer is fun and fast-paced, and holds the same graphical quality of the main game. Overall, a 9 out of 10. (Bought on the summer sale). The only cons I found for this game are sometimes the controls don't react the way you want them to based on the amount of button smashing this game really does posses, and the last boss (not going to say against who) was massively long-winded and overdrawn. Yet, fun game, amazing graphics, a definite recommend."
76561198136565864,Not Recommended,302510,30594723,Posted: 18 March,all,Synthwave,"Don't get me wrong some aspects of the game are absolutely stunning; the graphics, killmoves and combat... But the games gets to linear and repetitive. I don't get easily bored of games either which is actually shocking to me that I would shoot it down in the hour I played it. I got threw a couple of the missions and just couldn't find myself into it anymore... If you're looking for a fast pace reaction game this is it for you. But expect the same thing over and over again, you literally just move to another location and fight another group of barbarians in some different way. It's like you're fighting barbaric waves on a game just different scenery in the background"
,Recommended,302510,22981814,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ICS,"This looks like a pretty good game visually but the gameplay is not what youi expect it to be. As a PC player, you feel sort of limited in combats. Once you attack someone, it's very hard to combat against 2 other enemies coming at you. I feel like this is dumbed down for the console pads - on pc, you kind of can do faster movement and react at spesific enemies more easily. Or atleast you should be.Anyone who has played Witcher 3 knows what i'm talking about when it comes to battling multiple enemies at the same time. You can easily swap a target but in Ryse, that is slower and not always working like the way you wanted it to be. You can't always stop the guys coming behind you, no matter how fast you are trying to move against them from current enemy. It could be worse though, like in ""Remember me"" game where controls were hideous.But, it's still worth the 4,99e i paid for it on the Christmas sale."
,Recommended,302510,22958231,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zoral 👌,Bon au moins on a pas le temps de se faire chier en 5h
76561197967394918,Recommended,302510,23379380,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ralph,"Short but very very sweet, Immense graphics and gameplay."
,Recommended,302510,17841264,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SpectrumWarrior,+good graphics+fun combat+awesome ways to execute your enemies-even when you miss the action button the execute still sucessufuly proceed-a bit repetitive-dont rely on this game to learn history
,Recommended,302510,33771026,Posted: 24 July,all,Fawcett,"Final fight gave me cancer, thank you Crytek!"
,Recommended,302510,12469940,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JordyPixel,I finsihed the full campaign all the way on the Saturday after it came out. I give the whole experence of the game a 10/10! I really hope they make another game just like this one! And even more exicutions please!
76561197972795151,Recommended,302510,12460446,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,♠RP♠ Rage Quit,A beutiful rendering with attention to detail. Found myself looking around like a tourist constantly getting mugged. A very cenamatic in experience.A decent revenge story. Set your screen savers for more time so it doesn't interupt the cut scenes.What is it with console games  being translated to keyboard? Its never quite right. This game is better than most.Make sure your drivers are up to date and your settings are set for your video card.A definate buy if you are a Romafile.
76561198143796868,Recommended,302510,30343251,Posted: 5 March,all,Kingaj22,"Pros:+ Storyline+ Characters+ Finishing moves+ Decent graphics+ Fighting style+ You are a legionarreCons:- .........ummmmm.......uhhh.....it's repetetive at timesGame HistoryRyse: Son of Rome is a third-person action-adventure hack and slash video game developed by Crytek and published by Microsoft Studios. It was released on November 22, 2013 as a launch title for the Xbox One, and was released on October 10, 2014 for Microsoft Windows by Crytek and Deep Silver.ReviewSet in an alternate version of Rome, Ryse follows the life of the Roman centurion Marius Titus as he becomes one of the leaders in the Roman Legion. Gameplay revolves around Marius using his sword to strike enemies and shield to deflect attacks. Execution sequences are featured in the game, which are quick-time events that serve as an extension to combat. The game's combat emphasizes on ""flow"", a term referring to a player's ability to move on to fight against another enemy upon defeating an enemy with few limitations in between. The game features a cooperative multiplayer mode, which tasks players to fight against waves of enemies in maps that are changing dynamically. I really enjoyed the storyline as MariusMinor spoilerseeks to avenge his family's death and make a place  for himself in the worldThe storyline had me laughing at times and crying at others. I would recommend that you buy this game on sale. It goes down to USD 5$ every once in a while so you should pick it up. overall - 8.5/10This game was curated and reviewed for PC Beta Gaming. If you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG"
,Recommended,302510,29360689,Posted: 19 January,all,Mamsie,"Great graphics and atmosphere, gameplay is okay.The campaign is pretty short, but extra violent!Perfect little game to get on sale10/10"
,Recommended,302510,28609545,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pilferage,"This game is a masterpiece. The few faults that it does have are far outweighed by a great soundtrack, and an engaging story line and plot. The Cryengine renders this game beautifully, and all that glitters is gold. The fight system takes practice to learn properly and the payoff is worth the time spent getting it down. It feels good to play a game that actually posses a challenge."
,Recommended,302510,14234945,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ekalil85,great game like the style and runs smooth nice level of detail
,Not Recommended,302510,30398444,Posted: 8 March,all,Sapling,"Ugh, so tedious and grindy. It's all one long cut scene where in the middle you fight using the same 2 buttons."
76561198036504380,Recommended,302510,25903486,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Williams,"I loved this story mode honestly I wish more content creators would go back to Story Mode first then Multiplayer.. old school gamer here that loves the epic story telling.Gears of War 2 campaign..Mass effects...Red Dead Redemption..Call of duty 2: big red one...Assassins Creed 2, 3 and Brotherhood (hated others).curently downloading bioshock but dam i loved this campaign just came here cos im thinking of playing it through again."
,Recommended,302510,30111232,Posted: 22 February,all,Gonzo850,"Good storytelling, fun levels, fun gameplay, replayability and good coop."
76561198132496050,Not Recommended,302510,22587660,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Razier BloodBane,"theres just way to many wtf moments in this game to be fun. the controls are not very responsive. i can be trying to do a combo and then he will do moves i did 5 secs ago that didnt work.. like i wanted to do a hvy atk but while holding down the mouse button to do it he just stands there then when i do a hvy atk again he will do a follow up which will kill them.tbh i hate the deflecting system in this game the most!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it should be taken out of the ♥♥♥♥ing game all together..this is why.they do a hvy attack which you can either roll out of the way ot deflect by blocking at the right moment and thats the ♥♥♥♥ing issue!!!!!! you;re fighting 5 guys at once. some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decides to run at you off screen and while you;re fighting the guy you're locked on and try to block HIS attack it will think you're defecting the running ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s attack which will result in you leaving your shield up in the air suck in that spot while all 5 beat on you till said ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lands the finishing blow. lol wait till you get near the end on legend and fight the guys in purple.. not only do they spam the same hvy atk every time they do it while the other one is fighting u and the whole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing starts over. can roll out of the way unless they are all close and a lil bit of you touches them which will stop you and make you roll in place getting hit anyways, or you ♥♥♥♥ing try to rolla nd get stuck on some stucking ♥♥♥♥ing piece of junk in the way and it just stops you as you try to rolla nd dodge but nope dead.then when you have to fight a boss battle near the end and they all look the same how the ♥♥♥♥ do you beat 8 guys with shields that ♥♥♥♥ing attack you all at once? you cant even block or dodge it. block one get hit by 3 try to block opps no someone was doing a hvy atk so now you wait. try to atk them deflect. 4 atk. dead. next round, block 1st dude all the rest atk me 3 hvy rest normal atks all at once... dead .this game really sucks"
76561198005553054,Recommended,302510,30127042,Posted: 23 February,all,toorowdy604,"The game is GOOD in my experience, fun online with friends.  ONLY BAD THING AND HUGE MAJOR ISSUE, IS THAT MY ACCOUNT GOT RESET. everything i worked so hard for gone.  everything reset to 0 all my saves, my online profile (i was pretty high lvl with good gear) and the devs didnt do anything for me, they couldn't help me, I contacted customer support multiple times and no help.   I read online that it happened to a lot of people and there was nothing to be done about it, so that sucks.  Since tha happened i stoppep playing the game."
76561198035661819,Recommended,302510,30499059,Posted: 13 March,all,LPSMASH,The Graphics are amazing and the gamplay is fun but at times boring 9 out of 10
76561198110495358,Not Recommended,302510,30675574,Posted: 22 March,all,Alanbaked,"-Nice graphics-Ok story-simple gamplay even on the hardest setting,perry,roll,attack and repeat.id have to say wait for a sell of atleast 50% off ,this game looks nice but its dulland all levels felt the same not to mention  8 hours of play time which got boring after thesecond hour."
76561198088652214,Recommended,302510,27232412,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Undead_Yang,早就听说这款游戏画质很不错，趁着打折赶紧入手了一波。罗马之子给我总体的感觉是游戏流畅，打击感强，剧情紧凑，最最重要的是，画面整真的好棒啊~ヽ(*。>Д<)o，差不多算是连着6 7个小时把游戏通关了。不过游戏也有几个缺点，剧情比较短，而且主要是对故事的描绘，对人物刻画较少(此处对比巫师系列)。还有就是敌人种类少，攻击动作也不是很多，不过得益于游戏时间较短，还没有到令人厌烦的程度。总结一句，17块的性价比很高，这个价位你买不到比这画面还好，打击感还强的游戏了，推荐入手。
,Recommended,302510,14264254,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr Garrison,"Oh my god this game is amazing. Looks absolutely STUNNING. The single player is fantastic albeit short..but i'd rather have a good short campaign than a long rubbish one. Loads of cinematics and cut scenes too which i loved. The co-op is also an absolute blast. You get to customise your personal gladiator with armour, and weapons which all have different stats. It's super fun being put in the arena with a stranger and you both kick♥♥♥♥♥"
76561193692891087,Recommended,302510,19925543,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Scarphace,"Short but satisfying.The single player is good, it had me playing it from beginning to end and enjoying pretty much every minute of it. The story is good, all about vengeance, with excellent voice acting and very nice visuals.I have not played  any of the multiplayer and probably never will so i can't comment on that, but the single player was the reason i bought this and for the price £5 in a steam sale I couldnt complain at all.The only issue i had with this game was the annoying fiddly camera moments, which happen every now and then usually during insane combat moments and the awkward cinematic moments when the camera just pans off on its own little side quest :POther than the camera the game ran great, and looked amazing. I just needed to be longer, but i will be playing through again on a much harder difficulty because i did find the game a little easy even on the later levels.7.5/10 - Could of been longer, camera is annoying sometimes, but visuals, voice acting, melee combat were all excellent."
,Recommended,302510,19364205,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,InAmberClad,"TL:DR, it's your typical hack and slash with babied controls, great for passing the time despite its short and expected story.Ryse: Son of Rome has you playing as one of those Roman Generals / Gods / Immortal Call of Duty-like guys that can never die / Whatcha wanna call it. The story follows an alternative Roman timeline and has you hacking and slashing your way past various Roman battles.Graphics?This game was a launch title for the Xbox One, and its CryEngine! It's pretty, and definately looks like a game that holds up despite its age. Lighting is nice, shaders are nice, the surroundings are brilliant, especially in the forested areas, just like your typical Crysis game, give or take.Sound?Pretty much almost forgettable Soundtrack, although the sword fighting sounds will never get old for me. The constant CLANK, KLANG, TOCK, screams of pain (yay pain!) are incredible when combat, adding to the experience.Gameplay? That's what everyone wants to know eh.This HAS to be played on the controller, given its downside. Heck, like I said before, it's an Xbox One title, when you hit somebody to near death, you get to perform killstreak-like moves which just involves your character doing dances of death and slicing hands and arms off (no really, they DO come off), which you do ALL the time. So once you press the execution button on a wounded enemy (RT, mind you), the character goes into those timed ""Press A to complete action"" thing and the entire enemy flashes Yellow or Blue, in which you have to press specific buttons!X = BLUE!Y = Yellow!Rinse and repeat, that's the whole repetative gamestyle for the entire game. It's fun, but it WILL get repetative for some, personally I just like the gore.Did I mention you can pretty much just go full boss mod by pressing R bumper and you just murder everyone you meet? Yeah, that works too.But wait, you ask, how about boss fights?Yes! They are boss fights?Prompt screen will tell you ""Hey, this guy you need to block his attacks first before striking blah blah blah"", all that good stuff.  Actual fact? Ever played Dark Souls?RollRollRollRollPokeRollRollRollRollPokeRinse & Repeat. Boss Fights are downright horrible in this game and should never have been implemented in my opinion.Worth a buy?Not at full price given that I spent 5 hours to clear the campaign. Multiplayer's just about dead, but that might add as extra hour or 2.If it's on sale and you have a decent controller,  go for it."
,Recommended,302510,28252513,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tobey,I love phyiscally not being able to beat the final bossId give this game a solidRome / Europe
,Recommended,302510,20686109,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Herger Joyous,Looks very nice.Story is pretty okay.Easily forgettable.6/10
,Not Recommended,302510,33353199,Posted: 7 July,all,Herb,"Got it for $5. Starts off kinda fun, then it goes ever more rapidly downhill from there. Not sure if it's incompetence or arrogance, but it feels like a lot of people didn't really feel like doing their jobs on this one."
,Not Recommended,302510,29838862,Posted: 10 February,all,Lolling_Chris,"What a waste of such amazing concept art & modelling.-  Combat is tedious and gets repetitive real quick.-  Story is mediocre and short (even so it feels lengthe due to boring combat)-  Sound is also weak. For example, there are only 2-3 yelling sounds for all mobs except bosses.-  Music serves its purpose, and that's all.Spare youself a 6 hours reptitive experience, even it goes on sale."
,Recommended,302510,16433674,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hassan-i Sabbah,The game mainly focuses on dealing with the supression of uncivilized barbarian uprising in the heart of Rome and as well cuckery with the use of the character's sword rather than the voice from his mouth.
,Recommended,302510,34920812,Posted: 13 September,all,Peypercut22,Awesome game
76561198049539281,Recommended,302510,33291913,Posted: 5 July,all,Bendy52,"Not bad, the graphic is a standpoint.The story is ok, nothing special.other than that the game is short, repetitive and meh.....get it on sale, otherwise no."
,Recommended,302510,12461628,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,archaznable,"I never would have thought that this game is that darn good they have done a good job in porting it on the PC other game developers should follow this if they would plan to port a game to the PC. The graphics detail is superb enjoying it on my i5 4670K, GTX 970 and a 1440p everything is maxed out but I needed to pull down some settings just to achieve smooth graphics in the long run. Although even if some of the settings that I've pull down the graphics still stands out. The controls are good too its a hack and slash game with a little bit of a QTE in the middle. The story in the campaign is also good if you love the history of the Roman Empire and put yourself in the shoe's of an elite Roman Soldier as a protector of the Emperor then this I would recommend you to play it. I give this one an 8/10."
,Recommended,302510,13536676,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,daddy,"An amazing technical achievement? But is gameplay THAT bad?DISCLAIMER: I am writing this review at 2 hours into the game (42%) so take this into account. I will update the review later.I grabbed this on sale for half off the original price, well aware of the negative press the gameplay has received. However I was not prepared for the sheer beauty of this game. At its best in certain (in engine) cutscenes, the game looks photorealistic and that is no overstatement. If you want something to show off the state of technology, this is the definite game. Even on mid range graphics this runs smoothely on nearly maxed details, a testament to the Cry Engine's power.As was reported however, the gameplay falls short of living up to these amazing visuals as we have sadly come to expect from Crytek. The criticisms are valid: The gameplay never moves much beyond the VERY simple combat mechanics and tube levels. In essence: Break guard, slash, slash, execute via a quick time event. I found these repetitive since they come with virtually every enemy, taking away from their impact, however I was pleased to find out that you can acquire a number of new satisfying execution moves. The upgrade system has been criticized but honestly, it serves at least to leave decision up to you. If you are used to Batman/Shadow of Mordor style brawling this will leave you blue balled, however I as a beginner like the simplicity and conservativeness of the fighting mechanic and don't think it holds back the game especially since it is short.Short it is indeed, but that is not it's problem. I enjoy this very much as a 5 hour interactive movie, the only real problem is that it only has 5 cast members. Yes, this is the most glaring issue: Content variety. You'll fight the same fat bearded guy in literally every second brawl. A couple of randomized armor/hairstyles would have worked WONDERS. Generally the models are indicative of the few enemy types. Whenever someone interesting comes up (flaming sword guy, nice) you'll find out that they are sadly gonna die to the same old combat formula.The story is dividing the audience. Yes it is ripe with tropes and not very original, not to mention glaringly historically inaccurate. But the mystical elements and the highlights of the voice acting (by god the introduction of the Emperor's son - unmatched in any other game) plus the charismatic, ultra realistic cutscene actors make up for it.I thoroughly enjoyed it and think I will for the remaining few hours of my playthrough. Don't waste too much money on it and you'll have no regrets. You'll end up hugging your screenshot key with your jaw on the floor anyways, so you probably won't notice the flaws too much if you're no Brawler enthusiast."
76561198005137924,Recommended,302510,16575777,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hevoc,"I have been playing this game for several hours today.  The grfx are absolutely beautiful, and the music even better.  It really feels like a movie.   The combat is fun, although I could see where it may get repetitive but it is fast paced enough I don't see it being a problem.  For the $13 it was absolutely worth it!  I'd say it is worth every penny under $40."
76561198065104803,Recommended,302510,18105275,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,WickedRichy,"This game was awesome! The graphics, story telling and cutscenes were outstanding.However I do not value this game at full price. The campaign was very short! And because I bought it this late, the multiplayer is dead. Also the combat was very basic en rather easy. Overall a fun playthrough.Pros:Horny graphics and storyBrutal combat moves and killsCons:Multiplayer deadBasic combat systemVery short story +- 8Hours"
76561198044819551,Recommended,302510,16439169,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nlfabi,"Its an AWESOME game with a great story, also the multiplayer arena is super nice to play especially with friends to do coop. 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,302510,16493718,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,VanSchmoozin,"Oddly enough i've heard plenty of negative things about this game. Honestly had a great story, albeit a short one in the land of ""rpgs"". Voice acting and animations are beyond top notch; kept me so engaged i played through it in two, three-ish hour gaming sessions withing two days. Was more like enjoying a really great movie. Would highly suggest you grab this beast and play through it. 8/10"
76561198105244917,Recommended,302510,17341730,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Seeker Knerlum,"This game was really fun.Pros:- Great graphics and very stable- Real time events are varied enough to not bog you down- Combat is really fun and engaging, you can do some fun stuff with the right combos- Online MuliplayerCons:- The story is a bit short and the ending was a little meh. (Liked the twist though)- The online Multiplayer is a big boring after a few hours of play"
76561198025942897,Recommended,302510,22277498,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Krainz,"While some players might find the combat repetitive; I find the combat to be great. Flowing between enemies with sword attacks, deflecting attacks and rolling out of the way is so much fun. Then to top it off with a satisfying execution with great sound effects and yells makes it even better.What I really like about the combat is its more than just looking pretty with the execution moves; there is a level of depth and strategy to be had. Depending on how quickly you pull off the execution you will get more XP, health, damage, or fill up a bar called ""Focus"" that stuns nearby enemies. However you can only select one of these to at a time when doing an execution, so you have to choose wisely in a matter of seconds which one would benefit you in the moment of combat.I HIGHLY recommend playing this on the hardest difficulty that you can select when playing for the first time. The simplicity of the combat might be forgotten just because you are really trying to survive or you know that you only have so much health until you are killed.If you don't find the combat that interesting you might find this game rather ok, since the bulk of the game is combat. The story might keep you engaged but I wouldn't count on it.PROS:+ High production values+ Very well animated+ Great acting along with face and motion capture+ Fantastic sound effects+ Satisfying combat+ The game looks amazing+ The COOP modes are very funCONS:- Combat might get repetitive- Clunky aiming with spears"
76561198146192495,Recommended,302510,19313193,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[56th]Wilson,"would be a good game, if it didnt lag on my machine (around 10fps). only get if you have good graphics card."
76561198249424328,Recommended,302510,26232892,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Claudiu,its ok but only 7 hours
76561198006521653,Recommended,302510,24562265,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,"9/10! I dont care what people say about this game...it still is one of the prettier games out there and I love the time period.  The story is good, the graphics stellar, gameplay fun, if you're looking at this review right now I can guarentee you the game is pretty cheap..you should get it.."
,Recommended,302510,23832278,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[CPC] Froh,The game is not bad for the price. It's not that great either. The story is kinda okay I guess. Still far from God of War gameplay wise. But graphically beautiful. It's one of thoses 10/20 games with work behind them but doesn't attain the uniqueness needed to be good.
76561198080087951,Recommended,302510,33122061,Posted: 2 July,all,Angband,"Don't think about its price and buy it! You won't feel any regret, just trust me!!"
,Recommended,302510,26630156,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Preet,"Off the bat gonna say i got this game on sale, and only because it was on sale. When it was released i was look at all willing to pay $60 for it.Story (7.5/10)Story wise, it is rather short but very much immersive and focused. It does not veer off into some off direction then come back to it like some other games do. Thats wht i like about it. My only problem with it is that the story is way too short. The main character develops really well throughout the game.Gameplay (9/10)For those of us who have played god of war, it is similar BUT feels much more dynamic. I like the defence and dodge mechanics. The horde movement makes the gameplay that much more enjoyable, to me. To me it was something different.Graphics (8/10)Decent, looks good but doesnt really make you go WOW OMG THAT LOOKS SWEET AF. Animations are smooth and fluid.Overall: Get this game on sale."
76561198294881914,Not Recommended,302510,22228752,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LoveSpoon,This game was awful. Incredibly terrible gameplay and it was incredibly slow
,Recommended,302510,30340468,Posted: 5 March,all,General Henri Guisan,"I highly recmend this game.The story is great, it keeps you going.The graphics are stunning, even better then some other new games.The fight mecanics are epic, super fluid and natural (yes you get to see the same kill moves, but it never gets old).The price is well adapted to the game, but sadly it is to short. You can always re play the game on harder dificulty.Ther also is a cool multyplayer.I haven't seen any bugs.This game is pure gold"
,Recommended,302510,12706747,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mojo Risin,I dont know why but when i am playing this game after 5-10 minutes my pc turns off. If you know the reason please help me.Edit:Now I've found the solution if it is happenign to you then just enable the fps lock. Hope it will work for you to.Btw game is normal. Stroyline isn't very good but combat system is very good.
,Recommended,302510,31974223,Posted: 26 May,all,Legatus,"Awesome graphics, decent story, okay combat, and terrible optimization. Oh and AWESOME SCREENSHOTS AND ARTWORK, just look at my profile! You can call me cheap or a special snowflake but I actually value visuals and graphics as much as gameplay, and although this game isn't... a perfect game? It's undoubtably a piece of art. I boguht it for a few dollars and played for a few hours, and I enjoyed myself."
,Recommended,302510,16966004,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Isoruku,"Very good game, I enjoyed the story for sure. Agreed that the combat does get pretty repetetive fairly quickly but who cares? You get to mow down endless barbarians! The executions are pretty decent too, again, do get repetetive but you can unlock new ones and upgrade them for even more badass ones. The story is fairly short given the hype this game got but in my opinion, it lived up to it from other aspects, the MP is pretty dead - which is a shame. Need to be more games like this.TLDRStory - 8/10 (due to how short it is)Executions - 7/10 (repetetive but can unlock more)Gameplay - 10/10 (very enjoyable, should be more games based on this era)Multiplayer - 3/10 (pretty much dead but what do you expect from a story driven game?)"
,Recommended,302510,30875388,Posted: 1 April,all,Recchi Sexy,"Ryse: Son of Rome has a good story but I'm kind of dissapointed that the ending is not as good. The combat is easy but it gets a bit tricky sometimes, just remember that in this game, timing is everything. The campaign is also short. Also, I don't know why the title is ryse... Don't trust this review too much cause I haven't slept in two days when I played this."
,Not Recommended,302510,29747914,Posted: 6 February,all,Zephon W.,"Repetitive and boring.Don't even get it on discount.If you are attracted by its extremely nice graphics like I did, go watch Youtube instead."
76561198065958149,Not Recommended,302510,29781083,Posted: 8 February,all,Plz be nice,"not good, not recommended. bland, boring. you are given no control over nothing, you just mash buttons and the combat is executed for you while you actually never have to use your wits"
,Recommended,302510,12461212,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DevDesigner,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,302510,22213748,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆Starts out entertaining, but quickly gets old.  Walk down a linear hallway, into a room with 3 enemies in it, kill those 3 enemies, 5 more will hop out, kill those 5 enemies, then the invisible wall blocking the next hallway will be unlocked, repeat that process 100 times.Nearly every kill is a quicktime event on an awkwardly glowing person.  Leveling is worthless.  There are only 4 enemy types, they all look identical, and boss battles are just those enemy types with more HP.  And it ruins an otherwise good story by telling you the end at the beginning.  Also, about 75% of the way through the game, most of my save data was deleted, I kept story progression, but lost my level, collectibles, graphic settings, and everything else.For the most part, this game just made me want to play a version of Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, remastered in this graphic engine, and/or a mode similar to the old PS2 game Colosseum: Road to Freedom.  Maybe worth the $5 when on sale."
76561198067570257,Recommended,302510,25920244,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Enrique,"Would recommend to buy it on sale...Not a long game- played on hardest for 7 hours /didnt rush the game playing for fun/story - 10/10graphics, sound- 10/10executions- 10/10game wasnt really challenging except bosses, but I enjoyed it- in my opinion it would be boring if theres not good story combined with executions- but with these components, I didnt have the feeling the combat is the same over and over. Would play it again on legendary ... later :)overall 8/10was a good surprise for me this game- didnt expect to be as good.. :)its like 300 film transformed in game sometimes :D"
,Recommended,302510,13111506,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Keweiler,Good Story! 10/10
,Recommended,302510,14232072,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,airnike™,+ Excellent attention to detail+ Graphics+ Good length+ Action sequences are terrific+ Voice acting+ Collectibles
,Not Recommended,302510,34087676,Posted: 7 August,all,White Wolf,"I have completed the game, and i have done all the achievements and personally I do not recommend the game, because I think the campaign is very linear, short and easy (even in the legendary difficulty). The campaign history, was not bad at all, but it seems a bit empty sometimes.I found the game to be very poorly optimized, i know i dont have the best pc for gaming, but my pc can run heavier games than this yet it is always freezing during some missions in the campaign (Which disappointed me completely).The arena mode is very cool at first, but then becomes very repetitive and annoying after a while (especially if you want to reach lvl 200 and the multiplayer is dead)I only advise you to buy this game with 80% discount or more"
,Recommended,302510,29618985,Posted: 31 January,all,Murf,"Fun rome game, gg"
,Not Recommended,302510,20336287,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LojZza,"The game is very short and the combat gets repetitive very quick. Story is somewhat predictable, but despite that I liked it. I played it mostly for the cutscenes, which are very well done. Animation, acting, writing - all very well done.The graphics are absolutely amazing and they really did a great job on the enviroments details and lightning (I could almost smell my PC burning in the Sherwood Forest level..), but the gameplay itself really is just boring. The finishers look cool for about 20 minutes, then they start to repeat so you see them over and over. Also they could have put more models in the game. Because being surounded by 5 enemies, which looks EXACTLY the same, just kills the atmosphere righ off.Its worth getting it from the sale, but only for the story and to see, if you can run it on max. It would really worked much better as an in-engine made movie. I wouldnt say it is a bad game - it just didnt left any impact on me, thus the thumb down."
,Recommended,302510,13027167,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[PDΔ]Matix,Besides the repetitive combat system the story is decent and the graphics easy on the eyes. 6/10
,Recommended,302510,19320645,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jack Meoff,GOODThis game brings you into the life of a Roman soldier. You undergo tasks of a soldier and you even get to control your legion by going into awesome formations like the phalanx.You can be a gladiator! You get to walk into the Colosseum!BADThe story does not take that long to beat.Not that many people are active on multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,302510,30878045,Posted: 1 April,all,Berto,"I played a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ days, but this is quite possibly one of the worst AAA games I ever did. Even if I put aside the glaring historical innacuracies (it is an alternative reality) Ryse is a claustrophobic on rails experience that shows between the crack the Kinekt origins (it was meant to be a Kinekt title, back in the dark days). Terrible story, repetitive combat and boring level design. Good graphics and tech is not enough to save it.2/5"
,Not Recommended,302510,22738514,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mr.B0mBaSTicK450,♥♥♥♥♥with good graphics..-Weak and repetitive combat system.-Stupid quick time events.-Boring coop mode.-Many invisible walls.-Stupid enemies.-Cliche story.-Bugs-Fps drops/ bad performance.+Graphics.+Badass finishing moves (boring after 2 hours but..)+Voice acting.Verdict:Nero was gay or like Call of Duty in Rome
76561198032182807,Not Recommended,302510,13485164,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TacticalToast,"Ryse is a game I wanted to like so much.  Roman game developed by crytek has the potential to be so good.  Half of this actually ends up succeeding.  THIS GAME IS GORGEOUS!  Possibly the best looking game I've seen.  This is what crytek does well.  Unfortunately, the gameplay just isn't up to snuff.  At first, the repetitive nature isn't an issue.  As you progress through the story, It eventually starts to be annoying.The story besides the visuals is the best part about Ryse.  This however is some what spoiled by the gameplay because I felt like i had to drudge through the boring gameplay just to get another cinematic which explains more of the story.All in all, grab this game on sale if you're curious about it.  I wouldn't recommend paying full shot.  After all, a video game is suppose to have good gameplay which Ryse does not have.I can't speak for the multiplayer part since I haven't played it yet.Pros- Story- Visuals/Atmosphere/Textures- Environments ( the jungle in particular)Cons- gameplay"
00120321789504843,Recommended,302510,12447548,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Schrodinger,"I have no regrets that i spent 40 euros on this masterpiece .Ryse: Son of Rome is actually a fantastic historical game I have ever encountered these days ; the grapics,gameplay,story music and atmosphere makes the game a wonderful work .One thing that is not fair : only 8 long hard levels :/ , I wish there were many levels but you will enjoy having fun not only Singleplayer but Multiplayer :3"
76561198092444616,Not Recommended,302510,25153479,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dinguin Farster®,"Ryse:Son of Rome is a 3rd person action adventure game that looks great, but suffers from bland, unoriginal and repetitive combat. Nothing more than a good looking boring game."
,Not Recommended,302510,32013471,Posted: 28 May,all,BOT Kirby,"Boring. Good graphics obviously but not good enough to make this game intersting. The combat could not be more boring unless boring was the devs goal. Considering the quality of this game, I wonder how much $$ the now all but dead dev wasted on this title."
76561198057035592,Recommended,302510,13189976,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Benjamin Linus,One of the best Action packed games ive play so far. From the mechanics to the gameplay its awsome and the story line ontop of it just makes for a better experience. Buy it now !!
,Not Recommended,302510,15728613,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hazelton,"This is not a game: I am not controlling my character, I am merely responding to screen prompts. That's not gameplay, that's tedium."
,Not Recommended,302510,12441722,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,kuma,"With the recent release of Harry Potter: Shadow of Muggles, there's basically no reason to play this game if you want a ""fun"" combat experience.Wtf framerate, not even harry potter is this bad, and you can brainwash muggles in that game too"
76561198009092918,Recommended,302510,20263878,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MakeMericaGreatAgain!,"Epic game.  Short but worth the money, especially on sale.Hilariously, if you replace Nero with Obama, and Rome with America, the dialogue actually works out quite nicely."
76561198093454031,Recommended,302510,14990949,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,CRUSADER,RYSE SON of ROME!
,Recommended,302510,30686210,Posted: 23 March,all,Tony Montana,"Before i bought this, there was so many ""not recomended""But I was like F*ck it, I'm gonna try it anyways.A beatiful story but it's kinda short, nice game play, great graphicsworth the price.THIS IS HOW I LEARN HISTORY. F*CK HISTORY CLASS."
76561198248608832,Recommended,302510,22143529,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,American_Infidel,"The game is fun indeed, finished the whole thing. One problem too fast of a campaign"
,Recommended,302510,22205626,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,✪ Theodor,Beated the game in less than 5.5 hours but it was the best 5.5 hours of my life!10/10
,Recommended,302510,14251928,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Pancake Nipples,I killed a man.
76561198020852201,Recommended,302510,14291959,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,FuglyVirgin,The game mechanics are similar to Dead Space but a tad smoother. So far I like it but very unforgiving. Haven't played campaign just doing the gladiator stuff and seems pretty good. I bought it because I loved the Crysis games and hoped that the same majic Crysis had will be in this game. I'll try and rewrite this after a while to give a better synapsis.
76561198171629035,Recommended,302510,16465266,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,zake_boy,fun game but worthy 10 euro
,Recommended,302510,14247563,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,* BASTARD SYDNEY ★,"I mean mildly bland combat aside, crytek, you and your hideously amazing attention to detail is wonderfulI feel like my three years of latin and roman culture classes existed just so I can appreciate this gameplaythis/10"
76561198073309075,Recommended,302510,19522949,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,IX,حلوة لي ابعد الحدود
76561198184230557,Recommended,302510,30094713,Posted: 21 February,all,Polo,good game
,Recommended,302510,14291285,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DUM0RE,This game is theeee ♥♥♥♥♥tt bro.
,Recommended,302510,30234445,Posted: 27 February,all,PRAISE THE SUN,"Short and sweet, stab a lot of people a lot of times while looking awesome, and a pretty cool story.I feel like I should have gotten bored with this game, you're really only pressing like 3 buttons, but I didn't."
,Recommended,302510,13235715,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,borracho,"honestly, the graphics distract you from how mediocre everything else is."
76561198030176685,Recommended,302510,19872118,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kaustek,"Absolutely breathtaking graphics.Superb use of gore and macabre scenes.Interesting modern renditions of classic antiquity.I enjoy this game.However, the fight mechanics are subpar; the battles are often boring, and get more and more stale the further you progress.The story is mediocre.It is a prelude to the Iceni revolts in Britain. It partly tells the story of how Boudicca was triggered into rising up.The game is worth it during a sale, for you plebeians and proles, however the gladiator multiplayer has already crossed the Styx and met its fate with Pluto.Side notes for those of us who are historians - I feel these should not detract rating from the overall game; though frustrating, I do feel need to be mentioned:I am a historian of Western Civilization, and I absolutely hate the barbaric inaccuracies pillaging this game.First off: Pluto, not Hades. These are Romans, not Greeks.Secondly: Eboracum, not York. This is 1st century Rome during the Empire, not the Anglo-Saxons 9th century CEThirdly: The main enemy in the game are called Britons, yet are supposed to be the Iceni, yet portrayed as Picts.Fourthly: Though a nice modern rendition, the lorica segmentata and mainz (gladius) are ugly."
,Recommended,302510,24038232,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HeWhoHordesManyPillows,"I'm not a fan of Action Combat games a la Batman and the like, but this game is easily worth the asking price regardless of it not being my type of genre.The graphics are beautiful, the scenes are beautiful, the characters are beautiful, the story ... Well the story is down right beautiful aswell !!I would suggest this game at full price to those whom like Batman games and thier combat scenes.If Action Games are not your style, I would still easily recommend this game on sale.Pros- Beautiful scenes- Gorgeous Visual Fidelity- Music is on point- The characters are memorable- The story is a solid AAA quality- Great value for the moneyCons- Repetative action scenes- Not much replay value- I got it on sale so I was unable to give the devs more money ?TL:DRIf you like action games 10/10, if you don't like action games, I easily recommend you get it on sale.10/10 (even though its not my type of game) it was a beautiful ride the entire way through."
,Recommended,302510,23735204,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Badham12,For about £4 its an absolute bargain. Graphics are pretty awesome and gameplay is smooth.Will only take about 5-6 hours to complete but obviously longer the harder the settings!
76561198059416933,Recommended,302510,13705166,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dippis,"First I need to say that you dont want to pay full price, 40€ is a way too much. It took me 4 hours to complete the whole campaign so I dont think 10€ per hour is worthy. Im not yet  very familiar with multiplayer in this game, but I suggest you to get some friend to play this with because the most of multiplayer modes are co-op. I read some other reviews and someone said you cant play this if you are colorblind; Im colorblind too and I didnt have any problems with that (well Im blue-red-blind but if you happen to be green-yellow it might be a problem) I cant say anything about the keyboard controls because I have used only controller and personally I think its better for this type of games. Graphics are also good but not the best I have seen. Story is also great just like cinematics so you dont even want to skip them. Only big minus is that it doesnt take even half a day to play through (if you wish to find all collectibles it might take longer)."
76561198114393484,Recommended,302510,32907805,Posted: 27 June,all,Frankenstein,"Veni, Vedi, Veci !"
,Recommended,302510,12842987,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SirCharming,Masterpiece by Cevat Yerli.. Show of CryEngine
76561197970373397,Recommended,302510,18200050,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Cpt Cocknose,"OMG it gorgeous! It's also very well optimised, I wasn't sure if my rig could run it... and it can very nicely indeed. (i5 + 660ti). Cinematic combat (ok, heavy QTE but so cinematic). Interesting and well told story line, totally fictitious but enthralling none the less. Oh and OMG is gorgeous! Apparently it's short but seeing as I got it for ~£8 (sale at the moment) I don't care, six hours of high quality entertainment is always better than twenty of drudgery. Facial animations and voice acting is absolutely stella, oh and did I mention it's gorgeous... OMG!! At it's current price I think it's an absolute must!"
,Recommended,302510,23878147,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MR TRIPLE,great game
,Recommended,302510,22154569,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Captain Cuck,God damn. That is all.
76561197997713157,Recommended,302510,13452174,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SPIKE,Just awesome. Awesome. Must buy.
,Recommended,302510,13837894,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mihaslokovix,"Wuanjirrr. Ieu game versi low na oge geus alus kieu grafikna. Edun. Teu nyangka bisa saalus kieu cry engine. Mun di crysis mah asa ciga ulinan, meureun da terlalu futuristik c propetna. Mun didieumah beungeut jeung sagala rupa na ciga kehidupan nyata jaman baheula. Alus. Sadis sih. Tapi alus. Mun ti gem mekanikal mah euweuh nu spesial, ngan tayming wungkul kudu pas mencet tombolna. Bisa pake kontroler oge. Tapi...Tapi... mun ti segi carita. Edun lah rekomended. Daripada meakeun duit ka bioskop ngan saukur 1-2 jam. Ieu mah rada lila. Ripleuyeuble na tinggi. Diulang-ulang tuluy. Bari ningali episode susu ngagayud, jeung aya episode ewe-ewe pas rek tamatna. Mature Content. Sadis euy. Ngan...Ngan... multipleuyeurna meuni kosong. Sigana gara gara game ti konsol ka pc meureun nya, jadi sepi kieu. Alus lah caritana. Kitu we lah."
,Recommended,302510,22396718,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MEME_Pokerface,This game so good. I played it until dont sleep.10/10 will dont sleep X)
,Recommended,302510,22269757,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,AdRy@n,It has a Nanosuit skin for multiplayer.5/7
,Recommended,302510,30615880,Posted: 19 March,all,nandasithu,"Short game with solid storyline and cool graphicsI like the Roman story and Ryse has a nice Roman story. With pretty graphic and a lot of awesome cut scene, one has to wonder why there is a lot of hates for this game. Well, the problem is firstly, it is very short game. I took my time to break every vase and pots, tried to collect those ""collectibles"" as much as I could, still I completed the game under 7 hours. Next, the infamous QTEs. I mean I kind of love this ""executions"" QTEs but after a while I get really boring coz of the same old repeats. Especially near the end where you literally play the whole game in QTEs. Also, point to note that if you miss QTE input, you literally don't get any punishment. The game continues to play itself even after you miss the input.So, conclusion, the game is just a pretty looking with short story, that's it. Nobody even play the multiplayer. I still love this game but this is not something I will reinstall one day and replay."
,Recommended,302510,30924858,Posted: 3 April,all,Kenvin,Rather good story (and kind of short)Beautiful visualRepetitive gameplayNeed more gore6/10
,Recommended,302510,28121439,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,❌SAS-Nimrod✅,really gory and fun
76561198064555184,Recommended,302510,30010667,Posted: 18 February,all,henry.v,"9.8/10.Excellent combat and upgrades. The story, while not overly original, at 9 hours clocked game time is long enough to keep it interesting. Graphics are the best of any game I've seen. If you like the films ""Gladiator"" or ""300"" you will love this. Catch it on sale and it's a great buy."
,Not Recommended,302510,29414977,Posted: 21 January,all,David0vić,"The combat in the game is great to look at, the animations are very smooth and flashy and the executions are a neat idea. The game starts out honestly pretty damn fun for the first hour or two but I got sick of it shortly after. There is absolutely no progression in the game, you don’t unlock any new skills or weapons it’s just your short sword and shield throughout the whole game with the same animations and executions which you get really sick of looking at for the hundredth time. The combat is way too simplistic and repetitive for a big budget game like this. There is also a severe lack of enemy variety and enemy character models, you feel like you are fighting clones throughout the whole game. It’s amazing how a game that is only 5 hours long manages to overstay it’s welcome only halfway through it.  The story is very bland, basic, cliché and predicable with cookie cutter one dimensional characters. There was a lot of stuttering in this game for me personally on my gtx960 which is weird because I have no issue playing any other game this generation. I want to blame the game for that but who knows it could be just me. I can’t say this is a bad game because I did have quite a bit of fun in those first two hours but it is no doubt a painfully mediocre game.4/10 (Mediocre)"
,Not Recommended,302510,29708774,Posted: 4 February,all,Soulful Jones,boring as hell
76561198042084995,Not Recommended,302510,29816367,Posted: 9 February,all,LETHALDOSE,"running a GTX 1070 factory over clocked ASUS STRIX  gpu, even though im getting 100fps plus the game drops big frames from 100 to 30 every 20 seconds or so just for a split second but enough to become annoying . its the only game im playing atm thats doing this so its not my gpu settings all my other games that are  gpu heavy , watchdogs 2, titanfall 2, GTA V , Doom, the witcher 3  are running like hot  butter . so not sure if its a bad port or a gpu setting ive over looked . over all game looks great but very repetitive and im very unlikely to play through again feels more like a grind than having fun . i would  get it at a dirt cheap sale black friday 5 dollars, no more."
,Recommended,302510,29672439,Posted: 3 February,all,babyboO,This game is just awesome. The feeling of being in the arena in Gladiator mode and fighting side by side with a fellow warrior is just awesome! Would be nice if they put some pvp like arena deathmatch like last man standing. Add me up barbarians and let's play together.
76561198092691866,Not Recommended,302510,28800745,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Blancher,"Not gonna write a load but here it is.. Don't normally do reviews but thought why the duck not..Pros:The visuals are pretty stunning, it is honestly a wonderfully looking gameThe story is some-what interestingI like the concept of the whole Roman history, so this was right up my alleyCons:The game still has bugs lol.. There were times when I couldn't pick spears up, got stuck in flower gardens etc etcMultiplayer.. Tried it for 3minutes, didn't find anyone guess the game is deadTook me 5hours to complete the game and I didn't even go hardcore, just casual so it's rather shortThe fights are very repetitive and I mean VERY - In the whole game theres less than 10 different enemies, I mean they even look the same.At some parts I was thinking ""how much they paid to make this"" and ""why did they decide on this""The story didn't really finish either, like some questions were left unanswered especially in the ending scene.I only bought it because it was on sale for 3quid, but truthfully I wouldn't buy it again.The game is very average, besides the famous Roman setting and beautiful visuals it has nothing else going for it."
,Recommended,302510,20027037,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,VP | AR$AL,"Short & brutal // Recommended only if on sale+ Executions are cinematic and fluid+ Multiple, simulataneous executions are possible (and look great)+ Visuals are absolutely jaw-dropping, and do well to showcase some truly spectacular set design+ Voice-acting is top shelft; every major and supporting character was voiced expertly+ Myriad unlockables scattered throughout+ Combat is superb and feels very polished+ Writing for dialogue is very well-done, and complemented the voicing talent so well as to fit like a glove+ Facial animations so well done they will leave the player totally floored; seemingly every nuance of twitches, quivers, and muscle movements are captured- Moving in formation and giving orders during battles do little to affect the events that unfold, and the entire experience is largely dumbed down for the player's convenience; all choices are essentially hollow padding- Precious little mob variation; there doesn't seem to be more than 8 or 9 enemy models throughout the entire campaign- Historically, the game is not only inaccurate, it is entirely nonsensical; the writers essentially took all the famous names they could find in Roman history and plastered them on fabricated characters, many of them jarringly stereotypical- Executions, which rely heavily on Quick Time Events (QTE) follow through and succeed even if the player fails the QTE; this is blatant hand-holding in the extreme, and does absolutely nothing to challenge the player- Little is done to spruce up the combat throughout the campaign, and it therefore ends up feeling dull and repetitive by the game's conclusion- Short campaign; I clocked in at just under 6 hours for a full playthrough- Massive over-reliance on QTE; makes the entire game and playable combat feel scripted and low-effort"
,Recommended,302510,23957601,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GTTMRC,"If you can grab it during sales, for 5€, it's a good game to buy. Nice graphics, nice combat system, nice story and plot, nice environment.Cons? Optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cannot get more than 50 fps on a i5 3570 and GTX 1070."
76561198022645591,Recommended,302510,22290896,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,FearSomeBunny,Short but sweet.
76561198047434759,Recommended,302510,13202635,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,o PureImpact o,Just awesome! Looks amazing. Great game and so far worth the money and I've only played the first few missions. Absolutely great value for it and plus it was 30% off when i got it! Would have paid full price. Buying this for my dad and maybe a friend of mine too.
,Recommended,302510,29723795,Posted: 5 February,all,Ktizzzlee,Good game for a cheap price
,Recommended,302510,13694484,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Duckhunt Doge,"This is for the single player aspect only. I wasn't able to actually play agasint anyone in MP.The game itself is beautiful and runs well even on the highest settings. The story is quite good and keeps you interested throughout the whole game. The cinematics are top notch from beginning to end.Some of the QTE's can be a pain in the butt and I would 100% suggest using a controller as the KB/Mouse bindings are hard to master. Overall it's a pretty game, the campaign was a tad on the short side (6+ hours to beat is on story difficulty) but I would suggest this to anyone who enjoys the story in games."
,Recommended,302510,22542503,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ravo,"Bought it on sale. Not worth the full price in my opinion, only because of it's short gameplay time.But if you've got friends who have it as well, go get it. You can do some insane Spartacus-like Colosseum survival CO-OP. And the main storyline is good as well, for as long as it lasts."
76561198058348813,Recommended,302510,17628634,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,=SWFT= Kix,An amazing game i've loved every moment of it :D
,Recommended,302510,32618488,Posted: 21 June,all,Lune Crackham,Still a better love story than Twilight.
,Recommended,302510,22805900,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,reljaz,Only recommend it if it's on low sale (5$ or simular price)This is pretty much a technical benchmark for Cryengine
76561198101580469,Not Recommended,302510,29848840,Posted: 11 February,all,Sir Lancelot,I have issues where the game will freeze every 5 minutes for about a 1-2 minutes. I find the combat very boring and the game feels repetitive. The graphics and the action make up for some of it though. It feels like a decent game but can't reccomend it as of now with the issues it has.
76561198011914349,Recommended,302510,16534786,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lance of Arabia,"This is a game about some ancient civilisation, possibly ancient Egypt. You play as a crazed bandit trying to scrape a living by fighting the ghosts of your past. You can then trade their souls for 'mana' which you can use to cast healing spells and so forth."
76561198060624270,Recommended,302510,22761335,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,EljayFlintok,"Kurzweilige Ablenkung. Einzelspielerteil ist in etwa 6 h durchgespielt. Ich hatte keine Ambitionen mich dem Multiplayerteil zu witmen. Geschichte ist sehr Klischelastig. Kampsystem macht spass, doch zeigt sich schnell als monoton. Dennoch bleibt es unterhaltsam,Ich empfehle es nicht zum vollen Preis zu kaufen. Habe es für unter Fünf Euro erwerben können."
,Recommended,302510,30949652,Posted: 4 April,all,Sjorspion,"I remember getting this for my xbox one, played a level and somehow got lost in de Sh**storm of other games... After a while I found I back at steam. Bought it and got lost again in my library of games... Finally I installed it again and got hooked. It's a great game with a nice setting . The visuals are (still) beautiful. Even with a beefy PC I had some trouble tweaking the settings to get a steady above 60 fps and sometimes the framerate will still be a bit wonky. Yes, you wil fight some enemies more than ones. But the feeling of slashing through these barbarians without getting hit in this Roman setting is awesome. A very underrated game!"
76561198125625515,Recommended,302510,22779151,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AirBender_AFC1886,"The game itself is absolutely fantastic. Visuals are stunning, gameplay is basically a more realistic God of War - only downside there isn't enough decapitation (I'm a sadistic b****** so bare with me).Overall for about £3 this is probably the best purchase for a video game I've made in a long time, grab it while it's cheap, but even for a tenner this is a good buy if you enjoy slaughtering little piggys in the arena.Happy hunting you Roman ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198088886129,Recommended,302510,22804958,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,bowling.brawls,Was looking for something like GoW or Dante'S Inferno and stumbled into this. Would recommend.
76561198148089042,Recommended,302510,22146953,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ShadowOfDebt,great game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,302510,18227584,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DatMariusGuy,"Just one word, AWESOME!"
,Recommended,302510,26623542,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Gigi,"Played it on xbox few years back, was happy to buy it on pc to give it another go. It was a pleasure once again. Very enjoyable and perfect way to relax after work. Graphics very good, music perfect and decent voice acting. Grab it with a discount."
76561198005428031,Recommended,302510,26997191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SBones,"Amazing gameBeautiful graphicsepic musicsurprisingly good multiplayer with many levels.picture a colloseum with many traps an  some weapons an abilitysgrusome satisfying executionsfantastic storybuy it an you wont regret.i dont find it repetitive as some say,i still play.multiplayer has single player mode if you dont wan tto redo story.story has a couple slightly different pathssome epic battlescontroller recomended highlya sequal for this would have happened had it ben suported more"
76561198050364591,Recommended,302510,27834097,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ЯedЯum,very coolbuy it
76561198013925950,Recommended,302510,13196882,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,chuletaz,"Absolutely awesome game!, the graphics are outstanding and the story is great and very well told.The only thing ""bad"" is that the game is a little short, but worth it!.I fully recommend it! enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,302510,13193565,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,-M4RKz',"Very well, the best game of rome history that I've ever seen before"
,Recommended,302510,13116205,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Traeger,"Ryse: Son of Rome is overall a game that's worth buying if action adventure games of this type are your style. The combat is repetitive, the boss fights are underwhelming, and the upgrades are nothing interesting, giving you more health or focus, but the game has a few other aspects that are stellar which really save the game. Firstly the voice acting is spot-on and really nails the Roman dedication to war. Paired with the fantastic graphics it gets to be a very immersive experience.Overall a 7/10 I'm glad that they brought this game to PC"
76561198072140643,Recommended,302510,28730742,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vicious,Awesome Game!! dead online coop! Add me if you'd like to coop the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!!
,Recommended,302510,16635078,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,izzy,"Visuals are great, I hate how its capped to 30 fps ruins the gameplay the story isn't that great just one of those brainless games  so far I enjoy it . I do like the fighting mechanics in this game but if you are expecting a deep imerese story don't buy it. I already had an idea how the game was gonna be like. I just got it for the visuals and it was cheap too thanks to summer sale.  If you are a graphics whorse this is the game to get."
,Recommended,302510,33261393,Posted: 4 July,all,DivineDivisionz,Wow GraphicsAmazing StoryVoice Actors are great9/10THIS IS SPARTAAA!!
76561198030096654,Recommended,302510,24066931,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,noma,filthy barbarian
76561198063570798,Recommended,302510,20422275,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,D. Jankovic,"This game is a masterpiece, I got it in winter sale,cheap but now I am regretting why I didn't get it  when it was released on steam,now year and something since release MP is lets say dead, you can have a game but rarely.I finished campaign and I LOVED IT. Story was interesting and all around and in the end everything collapses in place :) Love it. Graphics in the game,ohhh man,atmosphere and ROME is Beautiful. I use to stop in the middle of the fights and game waiting for me while I am running around exploring :)Gameplay and CombatHmm  a lot could be done here,not saying it is not well done,but  combat and AI got repetitive after 2 chapters, lucky devs thought about it and changed areas witch distracted me.One think I didn't like is combat mechanics,is when you are hitting one guy,and second one is rushing on you with a red outline my character was locked on the guy hitting still even if I stopped clicking and spammed LShift.  But still it was manageable.Overall I enjoyed a game,great game. Definitely worth of the money."
76561198136419618,Not Recommended,302510,28748573,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RustedNuts,Controls are terrible. No control at all
,Not Recommended,302510,24501154,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Malkovichski,"Ehh.Ez a játék jellemzi az egész elfuserált boxOne élményét. Dead Rising 3,  QuantumBrake stb. Szép, de lelketlen, mechanikailag elavult  termékek. A single élmény a játék felig remekül működik, a kombó rendszert személy szerint nem úntam, de azzal indítani egy új generációs konzolt, hogy az exclusive-nak szánt játékokban, 15  évvel ezelőtti  sztereotíp elemeket pakolnak az válalhatatlan. (robbanó hordók, rögzített állásból lövöldözés, frogger elefánt kerülgetés, válallhatatlan párbeszédek és boss mechanikák.) Sajnálatos, mert egyébként a port jó. a multi szintén ötletes -kár hogy kutya nem játsza- és a látvány letaglózó. Pedig annyira jó játék lehetett volna."
,Not Recommended,302510,34096154,Posted: 7 August,all,FrozR,"The game idea is great but sadly , this game is poorly optimised ...I play abour 2 hours and those bug and FPS drop happen really frequentlyDon't buy this game unless your really into historic game and wait for sales .."
,Recommended,302510,29660678,Posted: 2 February,all,Colodius | gamekit.com,"Reviewing as a buyer of this game for $5.Pro: BEAUTIFUL GRAPHICS, although my 970 takes some hiccups once a while!! Some legion command (short but sweet) for your Roman enthusiasts, quick combat with satisfying gore and impact, cinematic cutscenes with even some COD equivalent scenes, good story that is pretty straight forward but is still very Roman and heroic. MP is there and is entertaining for a short while, you can grind a bit to find new equipment pieces.Defending against the Cons: the common trend of people giving this game bad reviews is because it may not live up to a full price (which is now 20, not too bad imo). The combat is repetitive for sure, but not nearly as bad as many other games. Some may say the game is boring, partly because the combo system is a bit relaxing; you can mess up between a blue and a yellow button during execution and still keep your combo, otherwise it wouldn't be as easy as you would believe, and a hit will still end your combo. MP is too much grinding and unless you're a fan that love ancient costumes, you wouldn't spend so much time unlocking them; it limits to 2 players and matchmaking is also a pita (pain in the apple).In general, this is by no mean a bad or an overpriced game. I would think action and history lovers may find more joy in this game because it's a straight forward bloodfest that doesn't even try to be something else, nor does it need to."
,Recommended,302510,26296987,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,aTe,"Really good game! Combat is nice and it is easy to learn. Story is interesting and fun to play. Graphics are really some of the best i have ever seen in any video game, thanks to Cryengine! Game is also rather easy to run even on budget computers like mine."
76561198127803128,Not Recommended,302510,29461596,Posted: 24 January,all,long chin man,"Possibly the worst game you'll ever have the unfortunate experience of playing, RYSE is a game that was made by people who thought that putting a brainless hack n slash game on console just wasnt enough, so here we are, the PC version.Get your Left mouse button ready for some absolutely awful and overused enemies that you'll get bored by after 5 minutes of playing and some even more absolutely awful pacingHey do you like a good storyline? Well guess what? RYSE doesnt agree, because why have a good storyline when you can just have a terrible game?While the Xbox version may be better because thats the only thing console HAS EVER been good at, RYSE is quite possibly the worst AAA game I've ever played (but thats just my opinion) and I dont think I could ever change that opinion, because jesus christ its just so bad""The graphics are good omg"" -somebody who has no idea what a good game isThe graphics are actually horrid with the the main characters face looking like something from Mount and BladeI dont know what else to say apart from it being an absolutely shocking game, the worst I've ever wasted my time reviewing"
,Recommended,302510,29936954,Posted: 14 February,all,Miss Chanandler Bong,"Unlike negative comments about this game, I really enjoyed it. It has satisfying graphs, amazing backstory, nice mythological figures, nice combat system, executions and gameplay. Only cons I can count are;1- it's too short. I wish it was longer with various stories and simple changes. Cause it doesn't worth the money with what it already is.2- I was not a fan of the camera angle as well but it is hardly an open world game and the path that you should follow is usually obvious and mandatory so it doesn't bother me that much.Overall, you can give it a try in a steam sale. I love the thing that he does when you press ""space"" the thing with hitting his shield with his sword. I felt like I'm a Roman soldier. Team tactics are fun and realistic as well.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,26375496,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,EroMan,The most repetitive game ever. Bought it to play online with a friend but its so bloody repettive...The story is quite good but the combat is too much repetitive.
,Recommended,302510,28285775,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Shehzadem,Astonishingly AMAZING!!9.5/10
,Recommended,302510,12740346,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ironclaw,-Sips tea- Ahh.
,Recommended,302510,22766952,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Average Norwegian Landscape,"Rome, Rome, Rome your boat,Gently down the tiber.Marius, Marius, Marius, Mariuslife is for the plebs."
76561197960276681,Not Recommended,302510,23594889,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tr|cks,"Worst game Ive ever played, obviously not designed for PC at all but developers are happy to trick you into buying this garbage"
,Recommended,302510,22889400,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,C. Bauwens,"Dont get me wrong, its a great game, but just very very repeditive and cliche. Also it could be me but also get some performance issues, could be from the port"
,Recommended,302510,28621757,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Azeus,"This game Looks really good, sounds epic and runs smooth as silk and the best part? NO DLC!!! Oh and the story is pretty awesome too.That's right. This here is a rarity in that the devs sell you the entire game at a godd*mn [i[(apparently that word also gets censored for whatever reason)[/i] great price. It is definitely worth the cash at 20 bucks and it regularly goes on sale for 5. 5!!!<---BARGAIN8/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,14255363,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PatTheDemon,"Beautiful graphics, cool story, but atrocious repeatitive gameplay coupled with an uninteresting timing based combat system. Each level has the same layout: Enter area fight a horde of same enemies in different skins until they are all dead; move to next area fight horde of enemies until they are dead; issue an abitrary command to some soldiers; defend area where soldiers aren't; walk with soldiers in a shield wall to next area; fight a few waves then a boss; rinse wash repeat. This would be okay if the game hadn't shipped at $59. I'd rather buy gauntlet for $19 do the same thing but at least have more variety and customization. This game would have been better as movie. It's not worth $39 or $59. Watch a Let's Play on Youtube if you really care about the story."
76561198166834295,Recommended,302510,31601596,Posted: 7 May,all,Sir Lagsalot,Pretty good
,Recommended,302510,31569216,Posted: 5 May,all,RevLo,+Well made cinematics+Special execution system based on your timing+Well made soundtracks+Nice voice acting /Narration-Pretty short game took me 4.3 hours to complete in Soldier diff.-Dead multiplayer-Repetitive  feelingNot a 'must play' game but give it a try
76561198306439212,Not Recommended,302510,24800717,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,sebams1,"This day in age, pretty ridiculous having to use 3rd party software in order to rebind keys...Please Crytek!"
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,302510,16614796,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Feetuska,"This piece of virtual enternaiment is a button mashing action game in a completely fictional environment with a couple of actual historical Characters here and there.If I have understood correctly, this exist as a launch title for X-box one. It is here to showcase the hardware of that system.Doesn't quite fit with PC though. The graphics are a lot worse if you can't afford a huge gaming computer to waste your life on. It is also quite impossible to play without a controller. An X-box controller would be a fine choise. I don't own any X-box related nonsense myself, so getting used to X-box buttons in a game where spamming the correct buttons in a battle is vital.The game is quite short. Especially if you sprint through it. It seems to be a heavily cinematic game but everything happened quite quickly so it didn't feel very emmotional. Especially the beginning where the main character loses his parents.Speaking of the main character, this young fellow Marius is a Roman legionary who magically survives everything and fights several hundreads of Barbarians with his sword that isn't even a Roman sword. He also has a beard, so he might be a Barbarian (Huge plotwist). No, not really but the game is full of such unrealistic facts, objects and actions. So it's a heavily fictional game, not for those who seek to enjoy the experience of our ancestors.As an X-box launch title it is fine to showcase that console, as a Steam game, not so much.2.4/5"
,Recommended,302510,26985449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DGC,jogo muito maneiro!
,Recommended,302510,29697776,Posted: 4 February,all,Coreco,"Great game the only thing that is bad is that the combat is pretty repetitive. Everything else is great and if it's on sale then you should really buy it!Make sure you have a controller, if not then don't buy!"
76561198031390503,Recommended,302510,13146180,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Spoon The Moon,"Great game! good story line, great cinematics, amazing gameplay! really really good, it was short but i didnt mind it! If these guys did a game like this based on the Greek Persian Wars (300) i would play it! 10/10 i would play again!"
,Recommended,302510,16490998,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,bill nye the science guy,"The best way to summarise Ryse would be to think of the Arkham formula applied to Ancient Rome, where Batman is now a Roman Centurion. While it isn't a great game, the visuals are certainly pretty and continue to impress throughout the whole game, and the story is at least interesting enough to hold everything together albeit with a predictable plot twist or two.I wouldn't pay full price for Ryse, but pick it up when its on sale for $20 or less, particularly if you're a fan of Arkham-esque games."
,Not Recommended,302510,20272104,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hadji,"INTROI bought Ryse: Son of Rome during the X-mas sale 2015 and I am thrilled about the fact that I didn't pay full price for this! It looks great, it sounds great, the story and voice acting is good but the actual gameplay is... well... boring. Ryse: Son of Rome is actually the first game I have played where I wished there was a button to skip the gameplay sequences instead of the cutscenes.STORYLINE/ENVIRONMENTThe story is the only reason I can see for ever wanting to play Ryse: Son of Rome. It is pretty good and the voice acting is spot on. The game also looks good, especially when in Rome. Any history buffs will probably be annoyed since the developers have used their creative freedom to cut most corners from a historical standpoint. But since the in-game story holds together, I can live with that.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is possibly the most dumbed down gaming experience in gaming history. Unless you are colour blind. Just mash the controller button (yes this is a console port at it's worst) matching the colour flickering on your screen and you are home free. The game tells you exactly what do to and when to do it. No room for thinking on your own here.There must also have been some serious budget cuts in the department that made the opponents. There are something like four enemy types and every individual within each type look exactly the same. The money saved from these cuts must have been spent on scripting since you can't even turn your head when you want. This is button mashing on rails.TECHNOBABBLEI played Ryse: Son of Rome on my rig built in 2012. It has a Intel Core i5 3570K clocked at 4.2 GHz that is cooled by a Corsair H100. The GPU is a MSI GTX 680 Lightning 2GB VRAM clocked at 1.3 GHz and cooled by TwinFrozr II. I have 16GB Corsair Vengeance DDR3 1600 RAM and the game is installed on a Samsung Evo 850 SSD. I played in 1920x1080 resoultion on a 144Hz monitor and got a frame rate which seemed mostly stable around 60 fps with HIGH settings.SUMMARYI can't recommend Ryse: Son of Rome to anyone. It was supposed to be some sort of graphics showcase for the Xbox One and I guess that goal was achieved. From a gamers perspective it leaves a lot to be desired. Most important here is the lack of interesting gameplay. I feel sorry for the console players who bought this on release. Ryse: Son of Rome is the most boring game in my collection. Great movie. Horrible game."
,Not Recommended,302510,21139662,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SpazldRust,"Played a good amount of Ryse.I just want it to end. Very pretty, and has some decent voice acting... but it has horrible frame drops (this is on a 980Ti) and is just very very repetitive. It keeps doing the same thing over and over. It rehashes the same ideas throughout. Ryse constant keeps using things it did before. It's always doing something it's done before. Ryse never seems to try something new with the gameplay. All the enemies in Ryse are reused with different armour.See what I mean? That whole paragraph was boring, and useless? Well that's Ryse... tries something ok but ultimately fails because it keeps... well you know...Also how many times does a button just not register the action it should? Press A (on controller) to block, I press it, and sometimes it just doesn't block. It does the tapping shield animation, but doesn't block. Trying to kick something. Nope I will swing my shield at it... wtf? Just terrible... it's a just about standard game which looks beautiful, but not much more... I got it cheap, and it's worth the price I paid. Just."
,Recommended,302510,23772685,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chucky,One of my favorite games! Good history and campaign. Multiplayer with friends are so awesome! These executions are nice too. I reccomend these game to ALL of you!
,Recommended,302510,29663418,Posted: 2 February,all,Maverick,"Been planning to play this game for a couple of years, never got around to it. I just finished the campaign and I rarely experience such emotion in campaigns. The voice acting and how it synced with everything was superb. It was like watching a movie but being its director. This is not your regular hack n' slash. Don't miss out and play this game. I have never been so immersed in a game before. Maybe the first Max Payne when I was a kid made me feel something close to this. Honestly, nowadays, campaigns usually suck but this one was something else. Not cheesy at all and actually interesting, I didn't want to skip any cinematics/cut scenes. I can rave about this game for hours and I am not even done playing it, there are many more things to do and I didn't check if there is going to be a sequel but I sure hope so. Got it on sale for $5, would pay the full price. Definitely worth it."
76561198046426560,Not Recommended,302510,33214019,Posted: 3 July,all,hack.causality,Field of view is nauseatingly narrow and camera seems permanently lodged up protagonists backside.  Gamepad combat button assignments are incredibly counterintuitive and cannot be reassigned.
76561198068376786,Not Recommended,302510,12488627,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mako408,Horrible game but good graphics...Please don't buy this game...Because you will just regret paying $40...
,Not Recommended,302510,12489274,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,LangX2,"First off, let me say that this is probably the most beautiful game, in terms of graphics, I've ever seen. That being said, this game is glitched out!!! Two hotfixes within a couple of days after release date was still not enough to fix the major issues that lie within this full priced game. I have a decent system, however, my computer will lock up and freeze for about 2 minutes every 15 minutes that I'm playing the game... I'm thinking memory leak, or just a really bad port of a game from consoles. I beat the campaign on Lengendary playing through the glitches but I dont' think there are any gamers out there that have the patience that I have playing through the glitches every 15 minutes. I would not pay full price for this game until they resolve the issues, otherwise, when they do (if they do), this game has potential to be something great.***Update***The game has stopped glitching every 15 minutes for me. Updating my video card to a GTX970 did not fix the glitching, however, when I installed the game onto an SSD it stopped the glitching. IDK if it's the solution, but it's an observation. I DC from a co-op match about 50% of the time though. I still would not recommend."
76561198019821149,Not Recommended,302510,13064424,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kenmeister,"the graphics are amazing.  however, the game mechanics are simple, its impossible to lose, and the story is ridiculous.  Absolutely no historical accuracy."
,Recommended,302510,15146177,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Đominus Aventiūs,"Ryse is amazingly beautiful, story-rich, and overall an outstanding game. I highly recommend it, however make sure that you play it on a powerful computer or you'll lag to high heaven (story of my life).(Still waiting for that powerful computer btw haha)"
,Not Recommended,302510,25607402,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Abood,"BUYER BE WARE! This game has major performance issues, I have a GTX 1070 and an i5 6600K, Up until to the Forest mission this game runs completely smooth with 0 issues on MAX settings, 60 fps with 50%/50% usage on Cpu/Gpu but the second you reach the forest mission you will get MAJOR Fps Fluctuation, it goes up and down so much it gave me a headache. FPS lock to 30 fps No longer works, setting the graphics to absolute lowest does jack S hit. I have spent a good hour looking in every forum I can find, No solutions anywhereThe game is bugged, I was really really getting to enjoy the game but the dam n Fps Wont stay still. Please Do not buy this game, even for free.Believe me, the fps is a major problem. It makes the game unplayable. Stay away from this game."
76561198378381426,Recommended,302510,34312084,Posted: 17 August,all,soudipbasu.1992,"Amazing game.Paints a vivid and true picture of the strife between the Roman Empire and the barbarians lurking in the woods.If your a fan of intelligent hack n slack,this is a bonus for your as it also entails a great story.Worth the money."
76561198015698411,Recommended,302510,13193210,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Wildboy,good game
76561198128487806,Recommended,302510,13248638,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mighty-Python-20,SHORT but very SWEET
,Recommended,302510,30376054,Posted: 7 March,all,Nasty Pirate,"One of the best ports I've ever experienced on PC. The game runs smooth, it has decent controls and good optimization (turn off SSAO to enable 60fps unless your PC can run 4K@60fps).The story is unbelievable, full of intrigue and characters you want to punch in the face and gut them. Gameplay is pretty much straigh forward, nothing fancy here. Just two buttons and a special attack one do the trick. The campaign seems quite easy to finish and now I'm playing on Legendary difficulty to see if I can't do it. The real asset of the game is the multiplayer - and that coming from a person who doesn't play multiplayer modes ever, says a lot. You take the role of a Gladiator who you can level up and gear up taking part in large rounds of Colosseum epicness with another player or solo. Amazing concept indeed.So, the game is totally recommended!"
76561198215887220,Not Recommended,302510,32245331,Posted: 7 June,all,radams97,"really can not reccomend this, at least not at the £15 price it has as standard. the story is unbelievably short and downright weird, but not in a good way. the romans are armed with bucklers for some reason, and the gameplay gets repetitive very quickly. furthermore, the multiplayer mode has nobody online so it is simply unplayable"
,Recommended,302510,33355242,Posted: 7 July,all,Miracle逆风,Feel Like Watching Movie
,Not Recommended,302510,13190965,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,mrgadgets08,"When I saw this game first appear on Steam I was so excited! After 4 hours into the game I was extremely disappointed and bored. The trailers and graphics look amazing, but in reality the story is somewhat decent, shody game mechanics similar to a bad button masher. If you must buy this game, buy when it's on sale. It's not worth the full price."
76561198028439803,Recommended,302510,13135622,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Phillip J. Fry,Couldnt put it down!
76561197978929472,Recommended,302510,19998625,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Xeno,"Enjoyable but when on sales.Pros:FunInteresting StoryNice voice actingCons:Repetitive CombatEasy CombatVERY Short (5 hours for me)LinearMultiplayer is deadI bought this when it was 66% on sale, and I dont regret it. (7.50$ CDN).I wouldnt purchase it full price though."
76561198030748969,Recommended,302510,22084978,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Toast for Twenty,"I just completed my first playthrough on easy mode. The story was fantastic and well written. The combat is addictive and the grapchics/action scenes were superior. The game was a bit too linear for my taste and every other enemy looks exactly the same. I felt like I was fighting against an army of barbarian clones, but I still enjoyed the game. I would recommend getting this game and giving it a go but not at full price. I wouldn't spend more than 20, maybe 30 bucks on it."
,Recommended,302510,24100306,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ranger_08,"gameplay is so good, and graphics are awesome and playing coop is another plus point in this game. i recommend you to purchase this game."
,Recommended,302510,23866044,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DocShady,"This game was the reason I purchased an Xbox one and I was not disappointed.   After playing the crap out of it, and enjoying every minute of it, I gave my Xbox one copy to my nephew.  Seeing it on sale on steam, I had to pick it up.Now I've always had a thing for hack n' slash games.  One of my favorite all time games is ""Lord of the Rings:  War in the north"".  Not many people will admit to that.Ryse is not the best port of a console title out there.  I didn't have much trouble with it, other then some frame rate drop in certian areas (mostly in Britannia where its gotta draw all kinds of trees, leafs, water, etc).  I have read that others have had more serious issues.  I have yet to experience those sorts of issues.The single player is short, too short in my opinion.  Its biggest strenght is also its biggest weakness.  A game this visually stunning should be a bit longer.  Given that the Roman Empire lasted a thousand years, there should have been plenty of historical content to feed off of.Multiplayer consists of you and another warrior fighting off waves of fighters in a horde type co-op mode.  Match making is pretty empty at times but its usually easy to find a partner via the forums.Overall, for the sale price of 5 bucks, you can't go wrong with Ryse."
,Recommended,302510,24044301,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DragonSk,"If you like gladiators/arenas/executions and other stuff then this game is for youanother epic game from crytekthose executions are so epic + its all about timing what u must press and when for best experience pointstotally worth it for 5 euro, such a fascinating game"
,Recommended,302510,32006312,Posted: 27 May,all,d´_,graphics - 10/10sound - 10/10gameplay - 8/10 pretty repetitiveonline - 5/10 lack of game modessingle player/ story mode - 7/10 great story but pretty shortoverall personal score 8/10great game :D
76561198062006991,Recommended,302510,29104790,Posted: 7 January,all,Berike,Great game!
,Recommended,302510,29488419,Posted: 25 January,all,huskobon,"Underrated, but packs a powerful punch in action and excitement. The voice acting and story is really good, and well played out. I felt a great sense of connection with the cast and wanted more by the end.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,302510,29620950,Posted: 31 January,all,Craig1287,"It's a very pretty game, with a campaign that hits the sweet spot in length, and has some very visceral (though repetative) combat. If you're a fan of the Arkham combat system that games like Shadow of Mordor have used, then this will be very familiar, but it doesn't offer as much diversity or complexity as those other games. There's a much lesser known game called Marlow Briggs, though it's more God of War than it is like the Arkham games, that I would suggest is a solid game and far cheaper than anything else out there. Still, Ryse was a fun ride that's worth getting in a Steam sale. I enjoyed it and again the campign didn't over stay its welcome.3.5/5"
76561198095147514,Recommended,302510,29441544,Posted: 23 January,all,Konstantinos WagenVolks,"I think this is an instant classic game of the future.I will say the truth to you it might be one of my favourite games ever played with so rich story cinematic details and a beloved character.It has a rich atmosphere,imersed with blood and war.It has amazing moves (some say it might be repetitive and it is for sometime and then but its so captivating that you dont mind if you are a person who apreciates that type of games)It has a story to tell youIt will take you about 7-8 hours to finish the campaing in normal difficulty but it is worth to play it again in Legendary then. (It is such a blast and a pleasure)Amazing graphicsLovely music and soundtracksArena to play with your customized characterArena to play competitive online with your friends or someonle else like me (People search for other players to play so you will find. -- see threads -- )Amm yup its best to enhance your experience with a coffee,tea etc or a good whiskey at nights! EnjoyYou Must buy it!10-10 10/10 10*10 Its TEN! <3"
76561198007858944,Not Recommended,302510,14634685,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,bsn111,"This is not a game its bad and I mean bad the graphics are great the controls suck i mean really suck. I wish now I would not have bought this game. It should be free, you cant change any of the controls it has a hard time jumping from swinging sword to throwing javilins.It just so fustrating the graphics are great game play sucks.don't buy it, if you do you will regret it.I don't recommend this game remember if you buy it it's all your fault."
,Recommended,302510,23838484,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Justabit_Ginger,"This game.. Where do I start? The Awe feeling of chopping off a arm? Or the ""I got big balls"" Feeling you get, after killing 6 guys in a row, like they were nothing?Short Review: 100/100, Every bit of it was enjoyable ,fun and gave a great feeling to the whole game . An Actual enjoyable experience.Long Review:The story was great, little typical, But it was very historic. With a deep atmosphere good soundtrack (that heroic Classical type) Gameplay was also great with simple killing technique. the game is well optimized and looks absolutely stunning! As most Cryengine games do.Length of the game is decent with a good whole day of playing and if you are a  Achievement hunter a good 2 or more days of playing.Multiplayer is great fun too!  With Survival been a key aspect.I can't say how great this game is, Really worth it at both full price and discounted! 100/100 for everything, Nothing to fault."
76561198156718209,Recommended,302510,16422321,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mammothis,"one of the best games i have ever played, strongly recconmend to anyone"
76561198008414102,Not Recommended,302510,21387895,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DamZe,"Crytek can do so much better than this. Ryse is a terribly mediocre game that gets repetitive too fast, and has shallow mechanics and offers little joy. It looks incredible, it's Crytek none the less, but it's not even close to what Crytek has given us with their Crysis series and the original Far Cry. If you wish to benchmark your graphics card this might do the trick, but the actual game within it, is dreadfully boring. And it's a shame too, because some of the story is interesting enough, but the gameplay is so awful that it completely kills the experience."
76561198040807162,Not Recommended,302510,22174516,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,TheJournier,"Played this game, it's rated highly.... it's not all that.For one this game lacks controller support. The FPS isn't smooth or even... it constantly drops and dips  in an inconsistant manner regardless of Graphics settings.The story is meh... very roman. It combines certain elemtens of myths... like amazonians (if I'm not mistaken), and minotaurs (though they are real men that ware horned skulls). It's ok just not earth shattering to go with the mediocre performance and game play.If you really really must... get this on sale, I did. Not worth it's full price though."
,Recommended,302510,29543823,Posted: 28 January,all,Xintinyo,"+ superb & astonishing graphics  (wiz no doubt, apparently+ revenge story (i like revenge theme)- cracy & stupid combat50% for cutting enemies49% for smashing barbarians wiz ur shield1% for throwing javelinsTOTAL:100% repetitive combat   boring~~~~~~~~~~mehhhhhhhhYES for revenge story otherwise i wont give it a single chance. XD"
76561197960320995,Not Recommended,302510,14025017,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mataleon,"I got a monster computer, so i run it on ultra, max on everything, and yes, its PRETTY.But its repetitive, i didnt feel it at all. Really tried to like it since i wanted to see more pretty things, but alas."
,Recommended,302510,13127294,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Reaper,10/10 end of line.
76561197986660576,Recommended,302510,15933476,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mordrain,"Must say I LOVE this Game. The battles, the story. You are really living the life of a Roman Warrior. I love the battle interface as well. It makes for a fast action close quarters battle with Execute offers. This is how close quarters battle should be. Up close in your face brutal."
76561198065578014,Recommended,302510,16512900,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Trusty Patches,"I just finished the game and i just feel obliged to write this.This game is just a masterpiece.Fantastic story with a crazy plot twist.Beautifull graphics.Excellent,brutal combat system(although its kinda repetitive)Nothing more to say im just standing here with my mouth open10/10 and personally one of my favorite games."
76561198014894594,Recommended,302510,16636748,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lars Ness Monster,"I rarely write game reviews on Steam but I had to for Ryse. I just finished the campaign on ""Centurion"" difficulty (as opposed to ""Soldier"" and ""Recruit"") and played two rounds on multiplayer.This game is very fun, and gets more fun and rewarding the more you master the combat system. This makes gameplay very satisfying. I dont find it repetitive because you can always improve a little and play a little better, even if you are already very good.The campaign is great with solid voice acting and good writing.Graphics are absolutely stunning even on the lowest settings.The game is very well made and polished, if you enjoy the ""Roman"" theme and enjoy slaughtering barbarians I wholeheartedly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,302510,16875249,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Basim Abdullah,Excellent polished game
,Recommended,302510,15481942,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Voidec,"Ryse is one of those dime a dozen games. The gameplay is quite superb although it does get a little repetitve at points however, the unyielding campaign and story line makes up for its minor flaws. The story line is probably the best story line I have ever played with exception of the Last of Us."
76561198015662042,Recommended,302510,15866223,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,jmorris108,"This was a decent game, but not worth paying full price for. Although it has stunning visuals and artwork, it's basically an action flick - predictable story, shallow characters, the lead never takes his armor off. I came away feeling like with a little more effort, this could have been something deeper and more engaging.Good:-Amazing graphics, beautiful visuals and artwork, and some of the best motion capture I've ever seen.-The visceral brutality of the combat is satisfying, in a visceral, brutal kind of way.-Refreshing ancient Roman setting.-Entertaining main story that didn't take itself too seriously.-Stable. In an era of rushed releases, bugs, and patches, a game this complex not crashing on playthrough is refreshing.Bad:-Too short for the price.-Repetitive battle sequences.-Absurdly predictable storyline.-Odd supernatural subplot that doesn't mesh well with the main story.-Gameplay is extremely scripted and linear.-Execution upgrades are purely cosmetic and completely pointless. This would be fine if there weren't so many of them.-You can button-mash your way through most of the quick-time events and the only consequence is a lower exp bonus.-Enemies are comprised of the same 3 or 4 models recycled over and over.-Some of the technology fudging is jarringly implausible (e.g. the emperor's panic room with push-button retracting stone doors, a la Assassin's Creed)."
76561198016870674,Recommended,302510,16527417,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HOOPLA,Good game
76561197988266670,Recommended,302510,16668473,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MACK-ATTACK,"THE BLOOD STAINED GRASS of my victims will flow through the fields of glory!!!Breathtaking graphics, awsome fightsequences, powerfull and awsome music, sweet story. And makes you feel like a total baddass. Any true red blooded male should love this game. any negative reviews are abunch of ♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197964457712,Recommended,302510,17212006,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,GreatSeaSpider,"Honestly one of the best games I've ever played. A couple of frustrating bits, particuarly around the later ""boss fights"" but with a little bit of time to get the right timings they were totally worth it. The game is visually stunning, the audio is excellent and the mocap and voice performances are great. The combat is satisfying and visceral and the story is paced very well and compelling.So the bits other say...repetive? yes but satisfyingQTE? yes but it's a nice implementationShort? maybe slightly, but too much longer might have been too longOn rails? unashamedly soin summary this game wants to lead you through it's story, and if you'd like a well put together story line and you were a fan of the Gladiator movie then this game is for you :)"
76561198153073936,Recommended,302510,17649544,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MrDeath_Q8y,"Ryse son of rome .. its a great game i like the romanian empire atmosphere and the graphics are just stunning , it also has a good story wouldn't say the best but it's still interesting ... but it still lacks a few stuff mainly in the gameplay .. there's not much to do especially in combat , it's simple and there isn't alot of moves and hits and combat combos , if it only had more it would have been a better game no doubt but it's still a game worth the money and time."
,Recommended,302510,17896085,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Koi-heim <˚)))><,"It's really all about hacking and slashing AND timing your blocks really well in this game. The graphics are amazing too. There are some bugs and glitches appearing for me tho, like falling out of the map..or losing the back part of my tunic.. However its still an enjoyable game for me :)The death scene of Nero is really disturbing tho."
,Recommended,302510,16607321,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AGC,"Definitely a great game - enjoyed the visuals and the depth of play. Very linear, but didn't really detract. Not sure there can be a sequel, but if there is, they might open it up a bit more!"
76561198168738279,Recommended,302510,16887493,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Stallion62,Great game
76561198199505035,Recommended,302510,16894485,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AlexonPC,"I would recommend Ryse Son of Rome if your interested in a chilled out, relaxing game. It's more a playable movie than anything and the storyline is very short.....possible to finish in 4-5 hours. But very entertaining with great quicktime events and action cutscenes. The Multiplayer is ok, boring if you play solo and if your after all the achievements it will be quite a grind."
76561198046441855,Recommended,302510,17133847,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,]CIA[ Cixlsyd,If you like Hack and slash.. This game is for you
,Recommended,302510,18194009,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Shawishi,"I'm still at the very beginning of this game's storyline, but my first 30-or-so minutes of gameplay (not counting cutscenes) were so good I couldn't even rid my face of that goofy smile of pure joy. No, I'm not kidding or exaggerating; that literally happened!GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,302510,17068495,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,vepha,"was done in 8 hours but enjoyed, nice game with amazing graphics"
76561198160112898,Recommended,302510,15396857,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David,something diferent from third person games graphics atmmosphere are really good story also good.... 8/10
,Recommended,302510,17071422,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,JapanGamer29,"I thoroughly enjoyed Ryse: Son of Rome. The visuals are stunning, the voice acting is spot on, and the soundtrack is top notch. According to the credits, it took them 7 years to make this game and it really shows.But what about the gameplay? Well, the fighting is similar to Shadow of Mordor, but you're pretty much limited to light and heavy attacks with your sword and shield, blocking and rolling away... exactly what you'd expect from a Roman soldier. Executions are satisfying and if you pull them off correctly your health gets replenished. You also get to throw spears and use a scorpion catapult which is lot of fun.Ultimately, what makes Ryse so good is the story. If you love movies like Gladiator and 300, you'll definitely enjoy Ryse: Son of Rome."
,Recommended,302510,17218553,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,agnan,"Good game, great narrative. Single player campaign is a bit short but thats ok, I prefer this rather than a long and repetitive game. Graphics are great, but I had problems with some lag spikes (even with recommended requirements). Overall is a solid game, with a few minor glitches."
76561197979361375,Recommended,302510,17259023,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,PikminWorld,"Going into Ryse: Son of Rome, I had few expectations for it. I mostly got it because it was on sale. The game is oh so definitely short, 4-5 hours max on hard, five for me due to multiple deaths. There are collectibles to find throughout the world, though I didn't pursue that much. The story isn't great by any stretch and is somewhat forgettable, but it fulfills its purpose. The gameplay was surprisingly not terrible, repetitive yes, but not as much of a QTE-fest as I had expected and the visuals are absolutely dazzling. The online seemed rather dead to me as I waited at least five minutes for a lobby and none showed up. Overall, if you can get this game on sale for a cheap price, I would recommend it as it has enough going for it that it will entertain."
,Recommended,302510,17861020,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Srgt_Marshal™ ᴴᴰ,"History repeatingIt's about as complex as Simon Says, and while it did get repetitive quickly, I'm not going to pretend that I was too sophisticated to derive some pleasure from it for the five hours Ryse lasted. I'm not proud of it, but a childish, depraved part of me enjoyed the shiny graphics and dismemberment every time.It's essentially the combat from the Batman Arkham and Assassin's Creed games, which means a strong reliance on counters and follow-up strikes. What makes those games so much better than Ryse is that they start with those core mechanics, but then slowly add new gadgets, enemies, and other wrinkles. They have open worlds where I could use that combat to accomplish a bigger goal. Ryse has none of that."
,Recommended,302510,16462923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Saint Satan,A bit better than what reviews will tell you...(controller recommended)Pretty fun game although a bit repetitive.  The graphics are excellent.  Holy ♥♥♥♥ the graphics.  The graphics are insanely good to say the least.  The game runs very well and is a great port.  Buy it on sale for a good graphical showcase with some pretty decent gameplay.7/10http://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan
,Not Recommended,302510,23997237,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GlassRain,"Cool story, great graphics, decent combat, 5 hour story. I can't Justify buying this game unless its on sale for $5."
,Recommended,302510,23575283,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,-AsHJ[N7]*G2A-,"Before I talk about Ryse, lemme just say: DO NOT let your kids play this game if they are under 17. The themes and gameplay are rather harsh for anyone not somewhat used to violent media.Ryse tells the tragic story of a roman soldier named Marius who loses his family to barbarians, and then proceeds to kill a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of barbarians.I don't like sad stories, and it almost made me uncomfortable how gruesome the executions are. The entire game is masked with a true sense of dread.The combat is repetitive but I feel powerful while playing. The executions and heavy amounts of blood make for a savage experience.The game's Focus Mode (slo-mo combat) is freakin sweet, although I've seen it in a few other games.Ryse just feels one-tone and generic. The voice acting and graphics are stellar, but playing the game makes me feel bad and I don't enjoy games that do this.I feel like whenthat it happened far to early to mean anything.The story should have been drawn out and had some positive elements, as it is currently a generic Roman tragedy.I've heard the story is 6-11 hours long, and I honestly don't want to sit through a game this depressing. It was fun for a while though! Pick it up on sale if it looks appealing to you.TL;DR: I am uncomfortable playing Ryse: Son of Rome. The violence seems unnecessarily brutal, and there was no clear motivation for me to be slaughtering barbarians by the hundreds. I loved the graphical fidelity and the voice acting, however one-note the story may be. Pick up the game on sale sometime if you like revenge stories or gladiator fights. Just don't expect a long game."
76561198007324689,Recommended,302510,14290390,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chorak,Everyone complains about how short/QTE it is. I agree it is short. But I love it. It is new and a fresh type of game. No other game puts you in the shoes of a roman soldier.
,Recommended,302510,28653838,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ftstani,"This game is largely an interactive movie. Therefore the quality of the story is pretty important. In that regard, if this game had been released before Gladiator, it would be one of the most original stories of all time. Sadly, it came out after Gladiator.But for $4.99, it's a bargain.Don't get me wrong. There are some excellent segments. For example, the brief cutscene of Damocles the Black Centurion was excellent.Edit: I almost forgot my new Slootometer. The Slootometer shall be used to measure a game's slooty content, or absence thereof. I give this game 1/10 for the Roman goddess, possible Nemesis or Ceres."
,Recommended,302510,14270206,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MY DESTINY IS MY OWN,so i was fighting a guy with armor around his nipples. 10/10
76561198120067323,Recommended,302510,34534100,Posted: 27 August,all,Nagelfar,I wish there was a story  so you play as the barbarian
76561198065712397,Not Recommended,302510,22562870,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mohit9206,Its Call of Duty with swords and shields but even more repetitive.Bought it at 75% off but still feel it wasn't worth the money.I'd give it a 4/10.
76561198090645502,Recommended,302510,27898493,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,STRAW HAT WARRIOR,"""Strength and Honor"""
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,302510,25842513,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Graphics aside, Ryse is not a particularly impressive game. It Cryengine-powered graphics are nice-looking - although not top-of-the-line and the engine could definitely benefit from some further optimization - but the game has some impressive set-pieces. The rest of the game, on the other hand, is decidely B-rate. That's not to say I didn't enjoy playing the game - it's a fairly simplistic beat-'em-up and you can get through it fairly quickly - but its linearity, lack of variety in its combat and rather predictible storyline all combine into a rather forgetable experience."
76561197961439760,Not Recommended,302510,25881695,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Agent Sno0gins,"Ryse was one of those games that I got for 5.00 and thought, ""sure why not?""If I had gotten this game for $60.00 when it came out, I would been pretty disappointed.It looked good, the controls were good, but it just sorta lacked something. I don't know, I felt bored after awhile. I just wanted to get it over with. The combat system was easy to master, and then it just got easy and tedious. I felt like I was just trudging through.I can't really speak to the multiplayer. By the time I got this, the game had no one online still to play.5/10 in my opinion. Fine for the 5.00 I got it."
76561198034962187,Not Recommended,302510,28703831,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"Good game, but it's poorly optimized.. freezes and pauses loading the next chapers.. *High spec AMD system*"
,Not Recommended,302510,29513760,Posted: 26 January,all,moomoojubu,"Got it on sale. The graphics look amazing but apart from that, there's nothing interesting about this game. Mediocre writing and repettitive gameplay will bore you within a couple of hours. If you like games with nice graphics, wait for a deep sale for this game. I'm pretty much done with this game and I only played 6 hours."
,Recommended,302510,16707247,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Captain Purmada +__+,Nice game !Good combat!Great story!Blooood!Much blooood!ROmans  and barbarians !10/10!Great game!
,Recommended,302510,12456547,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,∞ Pig,"Absolutely gorgeous game, pretty decent storyline, very good fun especially when it comes to multiplayer survival.The combat feels like someone's crossed a music rhythm / timing game with a brutal hack-and-slash, and I'm personally really digging that. Positioning isn't terribly important and you're not smashing horribly complex button combinations to juggle enemies like you'd expect out of the Devil May Cry series or Metal Gear Rising for example.You're just left clicking for damage, right clicking to stumble / break guard, space bar for parrying enemy attacks, shift for dodging heavies, and QTEing executions. Targeting is completely automatic. On paper it sounds pretty disappointing, but when you're nailing down the timing on everything, building up 90x+ combos with a perfect chain and executing enemies with legendary timing, it just makes you smile.Very satisfying."
,Recommended,302510,26290142,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mecoolGAMER,i like this game
,Not Recommended,302510,29659870,Posted: 2 February,all,karl barx,started the gamemenu looked like something out of a 2012 console gamequicktime eventmain character started spinning around at the speed of lightrefunded4/20
76561198034615810,Recommended,302510,29126351,Posted: 8 January,all,TerrorTurtle46™,"Great game, only thing I didn't like, is that you face the same 4 enemies over and over."
76561198058940035,Not Recommended,302510,23734574,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,.BorN,"I have better than recommended system requirements (GTX 970 and FX8320) but it was like viewing a slide show the frame rate was so bad, tried many fixes, none work. Seeing other GTX 970 users having problems :("
,Not Recommended,302510,23985325,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Helisium,"YOU CANNOT CHANGE THE KEY BINDINGS, ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDIN' ME CRYTEK?! THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.Also who though it was a good idea to put counter/block on the A button instead of the Y button, don't change things for the sake of changing.Oh and don't even get me started on the ridiculous amount of auto-aim while using a controller..."
,Recommended,302510,12441048,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Linkmaster187,"First off im a total Rome fanatic, so of course I was going to get this game when I heard it was coming out to PC. This game is bassically the spiritual successor of one of my favorite games, Spartan Total Warrior. It feels wonderfully familiar while at the same time feeling fresh. The controls are a bit to get use to at first but after about a good ten to fifteen minutes you start to comfortably get the hang of it. The graphics speak for themselves of course (Crytek always does an amazing job with their graphics) But what is great is that you can set the graphics quality to low and still get beautiful vistas, detailed soldiers and environments what have you. the art of this game is just magnificent as well from the large Crytek vistas to the little details like grafitti on the walls of buildings.This game I can already tell though will suffer from repetivness rather quickly. The combat while feeling cinematic the whole way through will begin to stale as the game seems to be obsessed with kill moves. You dont have to finish every enemy with kill moves but it really doesnt make sense not to use them at the same time as that can just drag out fights. The story I can see will be short and sweet one as well. Which is a bit of shame seeing this is Cryteks first real action game, I feel the campaign can be longer already but on the plus side the Arena will help in justifying the price tag as you fight through wave after wave of enemies.So overall, its a beautiful game, fun gameplay though it will get stale, a story that will most likely be too short but from what I see right now of it is pretty entertaining. And a multiplayer mode that if players take advantage of it will most likely prove to be a fun little alternative to anyone looking for a bit of a different experience, is it worth the $40 price tag? That is more or less up to you, I say yes but im already biased to the type of game this is and its setting. But anyone taht is on the fence should probably wait for it go on sale first.The only true shame of the game is it never came with a demo, it is a bit of hefty game, and for anyone that is on the fence about getting it that would have definetly given them the most informed decision."
76561197981558705,Recommended,302510,12442148,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,☭Eden Code☭,"Ryse comes to PC after launching on Xbox One with mixed reception. Before anything else, this game looks gorgeous from both an artistic and graphical stand-point. Its rendition of ancient Rome, while perhaps not entirely accurate, looks great. The brutal executions that you perform while a mind-numbing large amount of debilitations make the mid-combat executions feel extremely satisfying.That is, however, where the praises end. Enemy variety seems shockingly low. Granted, I haven't reached the end yet; but, I found the same bearded fat man with a shield about 20 times in the first 0 minutes of the game. Why is it that only bearded barbarians can hold a shield? I didn't look too closely, but I felt that the other throw-away enemies were also lacking in variety. I'm pretty sure, they have less faces and models than Rome Total War 2.Game-play feels relatively responsive, although the auto-aim for the javelins make ranged combat somewhat annoying. Execuations can be done for various bonuses and is also the only way to heal.  These make you invulnerable and proceed to give you a series of button prompts. Regardless of whether you hit the right buttons or not, the execution will happen. These look great both early and late game, but you will soon get bogged down with execution after execution until you just want to take a quick break during the sequence.The story is vaguely reminiscent of the Gladiator movie with some supernatural twists. Voice acting and cut-scenes were well done although quite forgettable. Overall, this game is a 3/5 for me. It looks great when you first dig into it; but once the glamour fades away, all that's left is a shell of a game."
,Recommended,302510,13134011,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Abs,"This game was a lot of fun, and had a nice story to it. The cutscenes were absolutely stunning, and I wish they had a feature length film instead. The gameplay is pretty simple...kinda reminded me of the recent Batman games...but it was enjoyable. Pretty gory, but that's what you can expect when you play with swords."
76561197970390752,Recommended,302510,13380238,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bob,"Ryse Son of Rome = Epicness personified. This game has everything you could want from an action packed title, Awesome Graphics , Awesome gameplay , Awesome Story, all in all a very polished title that I can say in all honesty has put the cherry on top of my Xmas tree, and without doubt is my favourite title this year 2014.Simply Brilliant , 10/10Edit : The Metacritic score for this game is further proof that they are a bunch of bumbling bandwagoning idiots that know nothing about games, or what gamers want from a title like RYSE."
,Not Recommended,302510,13502900,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr.Dick,"The combat gets clucnky at times but is more or less functionnalThe gfx optimisation is strange at times, but worksBiggest flaw ? 4 hour solo campagne. Just way too short."
76561197992404392,Not Recommended,302510,13143463,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,wsqrd,"Do NOT waste your money on this game. Yes, the graphics are nice, but the story and the game play are pathetic. Historical accuracy was obviously never considered  to be important."
76561198079405437,Not Recommended,302510,12458138,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,EMO_ANNIHILATOR,i have a alien ware laptop win 7 core i7 and im getting lag FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ERS!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,302510,16461826,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CaptainJuicy,"Balance appears to be a mystery to the individuals responsible for that sort of thing. Either it's way too easy, or way to difficult. It's almost as repetitive as it is short. The camera. Oh how I loathe the camera in this game."
76561198004741122,Not Recommended,302510,12437373,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ob-Bob,"So I started off watching videos of this on Youtube taken from the Xbox and thought wow this looks cool. It should be epic on the PC etc etc. So I went against my better judgement and pre ordered the game.Today is release day so after work i've booted it up and started hacking a few barbarians to bits. It started off quite well graphics are looking like a Thai lady boy after a few too many jars of ale, running it across my 3 screens I noticed the FPS was about as low as a ♥♥♥♥♥s knickers in Soho.Fair enough its fresh out the virtual box drivers not been updated for it I will drop it down to the one screen and see how it looks. Expecting a earth shattering result like the 44.7% unrealistic scottish folk in the recent independence vote i was like them given a shift kick in the knackers and brought back down to earth with a bit of a bump.FPS barely breaking double figures I did a bit more tickering and managed to up it to 45 FPS. How my mouth frothed at the prospect of some semi smooth limb chopping...Off we go again on our wee bloodfest. Over the bridge defend the wall fire the scorpion - which ran smoother on 3 screens than it did on the one which i found quite tickling. So now i'm into the Palace met that fat pie eating chump called Nero and started to hold his hand and lead him to safety.We boot open a door into a large chamber down some steps to fight some more rabid blue painted lunitics who look chillingly similar to a family that live round the corner from me. We exchange blows have a few hugs and kisses and eventually i am overcome by the shear armoa of they unwashed vermin from round the corner.So another go is attempted. I restart charge into the room doing my finest Mel Gibson Braveheart impression to find the room empty. Ah-ha my blue faced warbling screaming must of made the great unwashed flee for their lives.Right onto the next room, i run to the stairs full belt and stop!I can't progress any further. I can now neither go up the steps out of the room or back up the steps I orgininally came down.Stuck in a very nice room with a lovely water feature with no fat emperor or a horde of great unwashed...This ladies and gentleman is Ryse: Son of Rome.............I have seen less bugs in an ant hillTerrible just absolutley terrible and to think i even painted my face blue before i started playing this. Should of just done my nails instead..."
,Not Recommended,302510,23285065,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Exterminans27,"Ryse: Son of Rome, this is a tough decision.First of all let me say, I loved this game. I am not a big fan of multiplayer in general, so I played this game entirely for the campaign. The campaign is short but it is just amazing. I consider it one of my favorite stories that I ever came across in a game.The graphics are obviously amazing and I was also a huge fan of the combat system. I actually really enjoyed it.So why the thumbs down?When I was in the middle of chapter 7 (out of 8) the game decided to delete my character stats for no reason whatsoever. The next time I started the game, I could still continue the campaign from the point where I had stopped, but my character was back to Level 1, which makes it extremely difficult to beat the enemies the game throws at you in chapter 7 and 8.Obviously I checked the forums and I saw a lot of people complaining about the exact same problem. Some of these posts were over a year old, but there was no solution at all. It seems clear to me that the developers decided to simply ignore this problem, which is something that obviously should've been fixed immediately, since it's basicly a game breaking bug.I loved the game so much, I actually replayed a bunch of the earlier chapters to level up my character again and then finished the game. The ending is awesome!So yeah, it is a short but fantastic game, but I just have to give the game a thumbs down when the developers don't fix such a severe problem that a lot of people seem to have encountered."
76561197970725078,Not Recommended,302510,23774167,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Benelorn,"Didn't work on my system, didn't like my AMD r390, followed the 'fixes' online, but couldn't get it to work.  Yay for returns policy, didn't seem worth the effort."
,Not Recommended,302510,23972737,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nicka,"Pros:Great graphicsGreat SoundCons:Repetitve gamplayExtremely short and boring storyI haven't tried to multiplayer yet, ill update the review once i've taken a look at it.Don't pay full price for this game. If it's on sale then i'd say give it a try."
,Not Recommended,302510,14281455,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KOPA,The game looks great but full of bugsfor me the game freezed during the loading scene and cannot play the game .... this is known issue for some time but still no official fix .. check the forum to see how many ppl having problems with this game
,Recommended,302510,12462679,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lord Elbek of Chaol Ghleann,Yay
76561198119319228,Not Recommended,302510,14229749,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ดวงจำปี,"For my personal  idea,This game is look like interesting because this game take place from ancient Rome but when I played this game. I fought with the same enemy and same combat till the end. It very very boring. Skill or ability upgrade is learn not thing although story of this game is very interesting even good graphic is not help at all. I very disappointed with this game. If anyone want to play this game. I recommend you to find it on internet and try it, Don't waste money around 20$ for this game. If anyone like to play...... up to you!"
76561197972664460,Not Recommended,302510,23931375,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bunglebear,"Never got to play it.  You cannot remap the key bindings and the ones they force you to use are awkward.  If a console game is ported to the PC I expect them to do a thorough job on it, this was a waste of a download."
,Not Recommended,302510,24119209,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,daVid // PSN: Waveshaper__,"W+M1 simulator, where QTE kills heal you and no matter what button you press, the QTE event keeps going on. Then you try what if you don't press any button, and you are still succesful with ever QTE kill, and it still magically heals you. Then you check if you are still on maximum difficulty, and you cannot belive you actually are. The gameplay is basicly covered with this, the rest are scripted events (phalanx formation, ordering troops with no matter what you do still the same outcome), and the gameplay is this automatically succesful QTE train between two scripted events or rendered video.I bought RYSE with the intent to have a relatively dumb game where I can just swich my brain off and enjoy the view, but RYSE is so serving, so restricting and such a slave to the almighty perfect user experience it shortly became unenjoyable due to the lack of feeling like I'm actually playing a game, that there is a need for user input instead of the game almost playing itself. 2,2 hours, that's how long it lasted for me, but it sure felt like 3x as much. I just couldn't find the strenght to launch it again, I feel disgusted thinking about the game / developers licking my shoes for the ""best user experience"".Some games are worth their full price or I even regret not paying for a better edition, just to proudly have it, to know I supported the developers above average. I bought RYSE for 4,99 and I regret every cent spent on it, along with the 2 hours of my life I never get back. However it is succesful in possibly being the very closest thing to interactive movies that could be played by 0-99 age, that provides success experience and is ejoyable even with down syndrome (no disrespect to people who actually have it)."
76561197981668393,Not Recommended,302510,14471393,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pineapple,"I've never written a review before but, this game made is so I felt I had to save other PC gamers. We all know port games are bad cross overs normally with a few acceptions, but when you do decide to make that leap and don't allow users to customize controls to a keyboard that is unbelievable. Combined with a story that took less then 9 hours to beat, at that point who cares how good the graphics are, or how great the frame rate compared to the console verson. Do not buy this this game at all. And if you do decide to, get is on a 90% off sale."
76561198021048883,Not Recommended,302510,15011750,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Nermski,"I think that this game is a little confused. I think it wants to be a movie. It starts really well, the game is fun for about 45 minutes (a friend and I were taking turns) but then repeats its self relentlessly.The graphics are outstanding and being able to murderise people in extravagantly brutal ways is fun, at first.The major drawbacks of this game are*Ridiculously long cut scenes which can not be skipped or paused, and personally they're pretty boring.*Every single execution is a quick time event and there are entirely too many quick time events.*Different game play mechanics are not revealed through the game. Once you have played for 30-45 mins you will have had everything the game has to offer. Infact just get the demo, if available.*Too many quick time events.*Its so linear that at some points, all you need to do is hold down forward! Seriously unimpressive.*The story is long, predictable, boring and just how did the Britians get to Rome to sack it in the first place? Was the rest of the Roman empire asleep? Anyway, not a fan of Hollywood style history.*The long boring story is unskipable.*Did I mention the QTE's?I would definitely recommend that you spend your hard earnt money on a different game.X:)"
,Recommended,302510,12568248,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Charlesmcknightly,"Graphics are amazing, combat is great it's a bit repetitive from time to time, but with the okay story to support the combat and amazing graphics, I would give the game 7/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,29662744,Posted: 2 February,all,whateeeverman,"I played this game for roughly two hours and then asked for a refund. Main reason was combat, it is bland and uninspired.Combat consists of dealing blows, pushing enemies and parrying attacks. There's also a rolling maneuver, similar to Dark Souls. There's not much room for variety when it comes to how you can defeat enemies because there's an strategy that's a lot better than others: it comes to push enemies once, deal two blows, repeat. You do that until a small skull appears over their heads, then you can execute a finishing move, which is very similar to a QTE. Doing something else is also possible, but most times, it means you will spend more time fighting, when you can simply do what I already told you. A few fights ahead, you are able to throw spears at the enemies, but I honestly never managed to do that in an efficient way, since it leaves you open for an attack and enemies are pretty relentless, even more on higher difficulties.I found dodging attacks to be useful only in a few occasions. Honestly, it feels like Crytek wanted to include something to make the combat feel more interesting and hectic but from what I have played, parrying is more than enough for what you need to do. There are a few enemies that deal ""red"" attacks, which can be parried, but might stun you if you do, but even when that occurred, it only messed with my combo., it didn't left me open for another attack, as far as I can remember.If this game had a combat similar to God of War, it would be a lot better. I feel like if this was an open world game, with a lot of things to do, besides combat, it would fare a lot better."
,Recommended,302510,13117178,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Fried Dumplings,"X, x, x, y, x, y, y, x, x, RT, y, x, x = health(y)10/10 mashing it up again"
76561198076595399,Not Recommended,302510,12500952,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Killbot,"This game is really fun but it grows on you quickly, the fights get so dull and the realism dies halfway through the game when you start to have swords and spears piercing through you and your character doesn't give a damn about it. Also they transformed the Colosseum in a technological monster wich doesn't makes sense. Finished playing just for the plot but *SPOILER ALERT* it is kind of stupid going through every minute of this game just to see that in the end you're just another plaything for roman gods and that it should be Kratos doing all of this so he could then kill the god responsible.Don't plan on playing it again any time soon."
76561198065375263,Not Recommended,302510,12483468,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,tneilson39,Hard to control cammera movement.
,Not Recommended,302510,18191957,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,hark,"Really wanted to like this game, despite it being a context sensitive brawler, it still looks beautiful and has an interesting environment. Sadly on my GTX 970 it suffers from serious performance issues no matter how much I tweak it. Going from 60FPS to 5FPS when action starts is totally worthless."
76561198069129823,Recommended,302510,12478694,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jobless Gamer,I ONLY HAVE  4 WORDS TO DESCRIBE! I LOVE THIS GAME BETTER THAN ANYTHING! ADD ME TO YOUR FRIEND LIST AND LET US SLAY THE BARBARIANS
76561198007926583,Not Recommended,302510,16432072,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,tharionwind,Visually a beautiful game.  Cry Engine at its best.  Action slash with lots of cut scenes.  LACK OF ABILITY TO SKIP PAST cut-scenes even after you've died/completed the same cut scene 5 time = VERY STUPID.  Beautiful action/looking game but FLAWED.  Only buy if its on super sale under $15.
76561197982196124,Not Recommended,302510,18209626,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rhod,"Poor game, extremely repetitive and uninteresting combats, and no historical accuracy at all, this game is both an insult to video games and roman history."
76561198076339745,Not Recommended,302510,18197135,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Thundersmite,"Bleh.Meh.The game was kinda fun at first.  Don't get me wrong, the game looks amazing, but you can't actually play the game.  You sorta hit certain keys in the sequence they tell you and the game plays itself.  Pretty lame after just a few minutes.  But hey, go ahead and waste your money, don't say I didn't warn your."
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,302510,15179910,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,loki1944,"Combat in here is cheap and gimmicky. Graphics are great, story is ok. Performance is crap even on SLI 780TIs."
76561198122677000,Recommended,302510,13189833,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jethro Biggz,Heaps Cheers
76561198211915136,Not Recommended,302510,28082775,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rleonard,Nice graphics and rendering but it was simply going from fight to fight.  It was boring.
76561198306383392,Recommended,302510,26089483,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,waredragon31,Awesome game but sad story and ending
,Recommended,302510,26287587,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Abathur,"Thumbs up for this game.Good Story / Good Controls / Good Graphics / Good Atmosphere. You'll not regret buying this game. The only sad thing for this game is that it's a tad short. But the gameplay itself makes up for it.You'll shout ""FOR ROME!"" from your seat everytime you charge in the thick of a battle! Guarateed!"
,Recommended,302510,23839951,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,deburger,84/100
,Recommended,302510,13095339,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SHARPxSHOOTER,"This game is visualy stunning, it will♥♥♥♥♥♥your PC. The story is great but slow. Its sort of a Hack n' Slash based style of gameplay. The Co-op is pretty fun, but one downside is that its really hard to find someone to paly with.8/10"
,Recommended,302510,18188864,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,If you like the batman games buy this.If you like Roman mythology buy this.If you like cinematic gameplay buy this.If you like breathe-taking visuals buy this.Dont buy this if your a boring person who likes boring things.
76561198078184163,Recommended,302510,12480261,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,RyuandKen,"This Game scored badly and i really have no idea why - I'm an 80s gamer so Final Fight, Shadow warriors, 2crude Dudes, streets of rage, golden axe etc etc  are games i used to foam at the mouth for.Yes its repetative but not really in a bad way - i know i can always pick this up and have some hack n slash - GOD OF WAR esq fun.The game is not a grind - the settings and bosses are a joy to look at and play in. no silly puzzles to make you think your smart - or waste your time. no stupid jumping places that you need to time to correctly get to another platform.Yes it has executions which you can make happen or not - if the QTE (not bosses) are not met the move is still done but you just get a poor rank for doin that - you get perks for doing it right but the fact that its forgiving may please some and annoy others.Anyway Fifa15 and Bf4 have not seen the light of day since i purchased Ryse -If your missing a GOD of WAR type game THIS IS FOR YOU !!!"
,Not Recommended,302510,32543955,Posted: 18 June,all,Aeneus,"Quanta species, cerebrum non habet (Latin for ""What a look! But she has no brain!""). A good example of that a pretty visuals do not make it a good game."
,Not Recommended,302510,13233590,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,El Panda de Los Muertos,Ryse is a game.Judgement: It's too short for the prison ride.  I sentence it to life listening to Barry Manilow.
76561198091874677,Recommended,302510,29691127,Posted: 4 February,all,Donut,How to open a Door Simulator*Objective open the Door**walks to the Door**open the Door**button doesnt open the Door**moves a little left**doesnt open**walks back and then a little left**doesnt open**runs to the end of the room then runs all the way back**doesnt open**rages and presses random buttons**Door opens*10/10 would open a Door again
,Not Recommended,302510,20444039,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,furrykef,"I got over 3/4 through the game, then suddenly it deleted all my progress except for my checkpoint location. I'd started it up one night and it asked me about my monitor's brightness, as if starting the game for the first time, and everything was just gone."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,302510,25116618,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vividnightmare,"Eye candy and little more. A typical ancient Roman kind of story. There's blood. lots of blood. Combat is ultra simple QTE push button combat, makes sense with the fact that visual fidelity was clearly their focus. It's a great game to use to test your systems graphics ability and to wow a friend with some eye candy, but it's not really worth putting more than 3 or 5 hours into."
76561198114012657,Not Recommended,302510,19274955,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aurummorituri,"Great graphics, but that means poo if the game keeps crashing. Also, the framerate keeps getting pulled  towards 30 fps whenever there is a live cutscene. A live one. THen it meanders between 30 and 60. Very distracting.tried a bunch of settings, but nothing seems to work. Horrible console port."
76561197997404465,Not Recommended,302510,14388105,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Stealhalo,"Bought this game on sale for $19.99 and it was still about 15 dollars too much.Pros: Just like everyone else I will admit the game is beautiful, the dialog is great, and overall you can tell a lot of time and effort was spent designing this game.Cons: 20 bucks to play a game for 6 hours with almost no replay value is not my idea of a deal. I feel bad for anyone who buys it at 40 or more. The game is unbelievably linear with no real drive to do anything than to hit essentially 4 buttons 96% of the time.Summary: Beautiful game that excites me about future games from a graphical standpoint but it just completely misses on the gameplay. Grab it for 5 bucks in another 6 months to a year on a steam sale and enjoy yourself then."
76561198073414804,Not Recommended,302510,32876798,Posted: 27 June,all,Makosi,"Game is worth about $5.00No controller support, at least i couldnt get mine to work.Overall not bad but good for 1-2 evenings maxI dont know if could recommend this game to others...to primitive.I guess not, i dont want game devs to look at this and make more games like this."
76561198117410013,Not Recommended,302510,12481185,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BulldogBenny,I love the game But it  not worth the money cus i completed it in 5 hours its just 1 hour per mission
76561198026989113,Not Recommended,302510,13207005,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Zytrel,"Lame. The Gameplay is totally boring, and it got zero 3d vision support. If you want a nice story, go for the Witcher series."
,Not Recommended,302510,16555633,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pimp Marso,5 hours of QTE and repetitive combat. Avoid this game even on sale.
,Recommended,302510,34317396,Posted: 17 August,all,(((Semyon The Great))),WE WUZ ROMANZan shiiiiiiieeeeettWE WUZ CIVILIZED
,Recommended,302510,13191550,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,naomha,"Ever wanted to play as a Roman Centurion and lay waste to barbarians? Well, this is the game to get it done. Featuring unbelievably life like graphics, solid combat and blood aplenty this game is an amazing example of what to do right when porting a game to pc. It's solid. In my playtime I've encountered absolutely no bugs yet and the combat is meaty and well done. Executions are ripping and bone jarring and every hit has a solid impact. If you're looking for a great game with great combat definitely give this a try. I don't think you'll regret it."
,Not Recommended,302510,22218716,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,20k,Absolute trash
,Not Recommended,302510,30878265,Posted: 1 April,all,wroter,"Legends tell of a game so boring that it is 100% combat with no substance, and yet, the combat is 100% quick time events."
,Not Recommended,302510,34855778,Posted: 10 September,all,[sWe]Sysshad,"Strange controls and very closeup perspective makes this game unplayable, atleast for me."
76561198031013976,Not Recommended,302510,13242484,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,alan.littleford,"Appaling health regeneration system. Rarely works, especially if facing 3 or more opponents. In these cases may as well just give up and die without wasting time fighting since you will never gain sufficient health to survive fight.Aim and lock on useless. Does not work.Combat vlunky so does not help in regeneration of powers and health.Combat inconsistent regularly standing banging your shield with swaurd no matter which button you press, whilst you are getting trashed by opponetnts.Needs vast improvement in combat to make a recommend"
76561198053174219,Not Recommended,302510,19186759,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,buzzykill,"I enjoyed the game. It was fun. The graphics are gorgeous. But I cannot reccomend this game because I am a history buff. I didn't expect the history to be even close to perfect, though I did not expect them scouring through all of rome's 2000 year history just showing the exciting parts. On top of all that Hannibal sacked Rome with elephants centuries before Nero. I'll cut my rant short, great game, god aweful history lesson."
76561198005208071,Not Recommended,302510,18260916,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,C4EV,"A one-trick pony, historically inaccurate in a way that would make even hollywood cringe, with a few gimmics tossed in.  Expect to sit through reams of cut-scenes (unskipable) and some of the worst A.I. animations you ever seen (blocks of them shamelessly copied and pasted in sync).  Eye-rolling, truly terrible stuff."
76561198007151714,Not Recommended,302510,13474888,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MT519,fix ur game before giving a sale to make more money
,Not Recommended,302510,12510591,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,OBookman,"Graphics and sounds are awesome, yet what is depicted here is NOT ROME, the armors, the weapons nothing depicted here has any historical credibility, the game is awfully repetative, the storyline is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it's a whole a lot of waste of money and time. - A friend called it, Rise of the Argonauts bad rework."
,Recommended,302510,19524012,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nudey,One of the best games i have ever played
,Not Recommended,302510,22351386,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Bilamy,مخيسة .. تسوي نفس الشيء دائما لين تموت ثم ترجع تسوي نفس الشيء لين تموت ثم تسويه مره ثانية وهكذاالصدق ما فيها شيء يستاهل الا الجرافيكس .. القتال فيها سهل جداصدإضرب بالسيفإضرب بالسيفإضرب بالدرع لأن الأعداء يصدون ضربتك الثالثةثم إضرب بالسيفوسو الحركة القاضيةشريتها بـ 14 ريال
,Not Recommended,302510,32461122,Posted: 15 June,all,beago,"awesome game, but a very short campaign. the online mode is dead."
,Not Recommended,302510,23743205,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Luke Beveridge,"7 hours...thats the length of the campaign. It feels so rushed, and such a waste of what could have been a really cool world. The combat mechanics are pretty poor and the game lacks any real challenge. Very litte re-play value as the there are no variable scenarios. The in game upgrade systems feels shallow and doesn't really provide any benefit."
76561197968348433,Not Recommended,302510,13472264,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zen,"Pretty game, but the gameplay gets boring fast"
,Not Recommended,302510,12516551,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Anthony James Denton Woz ere 17,"Played this for 5 hours. fully completed, waste of £35.99. multiplayer is not great same arena my hand gets cramp the combat is that repetative"
76561197960382853,Not Recommended,302510,12521207,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,L'zu,"I suggest that you spend your money on some other game than this. The price is way too steep for its quality...Singleplayer storyline lasts only for some few hours and is more or less of a copy of Gladiator, where you don't get any chances to affect the storyline at all.Gameplay is pretty simple and gets boring pretty fast, even the hardest bosses become quite easy once you figure out their patterns. Not to meantion the console controls which makes this game a bit annoying at times, especially when using ballistas where you have a really crappy aiming control. Leveling your character has very little impact on the actual game and the abilities are extremely dissapointing.Graphics are decent and at times animations are pretty nice, but thats all this game has to offer."
76561198007798045,Not Recommended,302510,13229251,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Marco,"I have played a bit of the campaign, and the story doesn't appeal to me. The setting it takes place in doesn't feel like antiquity and I can't shake the feeling like it's trying to make me think a certain way.I can't pretend I care about saving a fat and cruel emperor. Or care if my family was murdered immediately after they introduced them into the story and were not developed in the least.I also don't like all the occult imagery they use in this game, whether it be some modernised phoenix etc., I want to play game about ancient Rome, not watch a Madonna superbowl half-time show.The combat is repetitive, and many of the enemies are just recycled. But it can be fun to play gladiator arena with a friend. Also the graphics are very good.Overall I wouldn't recommend it."
76561197977204306,Not Recommended,302510,13482410,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,sears2857,"Looks good, but its boring.  You do the same thing over and over and over,  fun for about 20 min."
,Recommended,302510,13662416,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[Cya] rUA,Over 9000 different executions 10/10.
,Not Recommended,302510,25447185,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Spock The Jedi,"This game is impressive at first sight. The graphics and animations are incredible. The excitement pretty much ends there.Every single encounter with an enemy ultimately winds down to a quick-time finishing move (which doesn't seem to matter which buttons you smash) from a bag of maybe a dozen animations. This wouldn't be all terrible in a game with more of an adventure/puzzle focus, like Prince of Persia. But Ryse insists upon making you slog through wave after wave of identical enemies to proceed to the next chamber. Rinse, repeat. To make it worse, these finishing moves take up a substantial amount of time. I can't shake the feeling that this was done to make the game last longer, and really, after watching a guy who looks just like everyone else in his army get his arm cut off for the 10th time, I get the idea.There is a weak command component, but it's not fleshed out enough to make you feel like your command truly impacts the battlefield so much as it's just ticking off an event before the waves of enemies stop coming and you're allowed to proceed.The story started out strong, but the combat was repetetive to the point that I lost interest in finishing Ryse. Seeing as this was an Xbox One launch title, I think that the team was pressured into publishing it before it was truly fleshed out.I say pass, even at five dollars."
76561197995283055,Recommended,302510,13791653,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,NixonRider,-Excellent campaing.-Very good story.-Lot of blood and violence.-Amazing Graphics and take of view.A must have game for gaming experience.10/10
76561197982056738,Not Recommended,302510,13874588,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,silkySapper,"Terrible port from the XBoxGame is ridiculously short, it is only 8 missions long, and they're all pretty much the exact same format, I beat this game is only a few hours, and I'm not that good of a gamer.There are literally only 5 types of enemies, and to defeat them you just need to learn the 3-4 button sequence required to break their block and kill them. The hot buttons are ridiculous, they give you colours but don't tell you what they mean. controls are awkward and the involuntary locking onto enemies is too hard set, not to mention sometimes you are locked into combat with 4-5 enemies but randomly start attacking the ground beside them.  If you get someone pinned in a corner so they cannot move, but you stray outside that 3-4 button sequence, they'll dodge your strikes without actually moving.  It's even the exact same thing for bosses, you just need to learn their button sequence and repeat until they are dead.The idea and especially the setting had promise, but the plot ended up being utterly ludicrous and stupid.On the plus side, the graphics are really good, though they put all their effort into molding the 3-4 main male characters, the female characters are all just second rate. They put all their effort into modelling their breasts (which are always hanging out) and totally forgot about the rest of their bodies.  The characters themselves were so one-dimensional, I don't know why they put so much effort into modelling them realistically when they act like cartoons.1/10"
,Recommended,302510,13519063,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Strategyking,"Ryse: Son of Rome would've been one of the best original IPs released in recent years, but unfortunately it is merely ""aight."" Crytek crafted a game which is one of the most beautiful that I have ever seen, and the fact that I took every opportunity to take a screenshot is a testament to that fact.Ryse, however, suffers from gameplay which many have called repetitive, and going into this game I sort of brushed those criticisms aside, as I have enjoyed Hack 'n slash games such as Spartan: Total Warrior, and of course, the Dynasty Warriors series. The gameplay here though is clunky, and devolves into pressing X-X-Y-X-X-LT almost everytime. This is not the biggest problem though, as pressing LT when prompted takes you into a no fail slow-mo execution attack which slows down the gameplay extremely frequently, as you will be doing it to EVERY enemy.A further flaw with Ryse is that it's campaign is extremely short, and the story is not as well fleshed out as it deserves to be.Despite these damning flaws, Ryse is a very interesting title. As stated before, the graphics are AMAZING, the story has a lot interesting facets to it later on, there are many jaw dropping set pieces, the setting is interesting, and the atmosphere is engrossing. Ryse, despite being one of the most repetitive games I have ever played, is worth a look if you  want a game with a Roman setting that looks good, and tells an interesting tale. Pick it up on sale like me if you can, however. (I got it for $20)7/10"
,Recommended,302510,12473933,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Civil Protection,"So far I like it, it reminds me of Assassins Creed"
76561198167424594,Not Recommended,302510,29010379,Posted: 4 January,all,ffarleys,At first I was excited about his game and couldn't wait to play AN utter disapointment game is full of lags and control issues makes it Not even worth playing total disappiontment AM discussted with the game and myself for purchacing it Total waste of money Do Not purchase this game you will regret it tried different settings and still has lagging and control issuses you can barely even move your character to get around hes all over the place except where you want him to go and the combat is rediculously the same so much lag and misdirection of character I am truely disappionted in Steam for allowing this game to be purchaced through them with all the issues it has total disaster and Not even worth trying to even play
,Recommended,302510,29662762,Posted: 2 February,all,mickeyminime,"I'd honestly recommend this game to anyone who likes anything to do with the Roman era and i would honestly recommend getting it on a steam sale. This game certainly has its faults, but it certainly has its strengths. The comnat can be really annoying and boring, but in my eyes, as long as you don't play it all in one go, but bit by bit, the game can be quite enjoyable. The graphics to this game are really stunning and for someone like me who loves Roman history, it was well worth getting it during sale even with a few hours that i've played on it. Its not for everyone, but like i said, if you like anything to do with Rome and this game is on sale, get it, but play it from time to time, not all in one go assuming you are the type of person who can't get bored over the copy and psate routine for countless hours."
,Recommended,302510,23931131,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mr.Max ❤ I.,"This game.. Where do I start? The Awe feeling of chopping off a arm? Or the ""I got big balls"" Feeling you get, after killing 6 guys in a row, like they were nothing?Short Review: 100/100, Every bit of it was enjoyable ,fun and gave a great feeling to the whole game . An Actual enjoyable experience.Long Review:The story was great, little typical, But it was very historic. With a deep atmosphere good soundtrack (that heroic Classical type) Gameplay was also great with simple killing technique. the game is well optimized and looks absolutely stunning! As most Cryengine games do.Length of the game is decent with a good whole day of playing and if you are a Achievement hunter a good 2 or more days of playing.Multiplayer is great fun too! With Survival been a key aspect.I can't say how great this game is, Really worth it at both full price and discounted! 100/100 for everything, Nothing to fault."
,Not Recommended,302510,19277364,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,crippknottick,"The graphics are really impressive. The action and cinematic events are impressive. But that is where it ends.Combat consist of action button to attack, repeat action button for brief repetetive combo, quick-time event mini-game to finish your enemy (also extremely limited and repetetive).You may have to use an awkward first-person 'turret' to command troops and fire artillery (by command) once in a while. These are more frustrating than enjoyable.This game is more of a tech demo than an actual game. I bought the game on sale and it wasn't worth it."
76561198062769774,Not Recommended,302510,19782263,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,delemus,"*Abrubtly wakes up**Looks at computer screen**Apparently beat Ryse while sleeping*What is with all these simpleton games made to showoff some new graphics engine, yet totally failing at being an interesting game?How many fat, nipple pierced bezerkers are there in this game? I swear I've fought the same dude 1000 times! I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!! What ever happened to hack and slashers like God Of War? Thank god they are still making Assassins creed titles"
76561197972258122,Not Recommended,302510,29543596,Posted: 28 January,all,Ma33a,"I tried to get a refund on this game and was refused.I could have purchased something better, but the videos for this looked great, pity the game sucked."
,Recommended,302510,23976794,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hekw0n,very good game and awsome graphics in 1440p 144HZ ... playing this game again after finishing it once already ...
76561198044589700,Not Recommended,302510,22771523,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ALiG.dmaster97,"I guest, I just got unlucky with this game.the game keep crashing on win10 64bit, gtx970 and AMD cpu.None of the solution in forum has been any helpand the developer seems to have abandoned this game.no more patches coming.So i guest i got stuck to this :("
76561198052989751,Not Recommended,302510,13490474,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,atravers,THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE GARBAGE. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT. Wait til on sale.Its the sort of game that kills you often to achieve replay of each part over and over again. The combat is unweildy and uncontrollable.
76561198082235420,Not Recommended,302510,26329651,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,césar,gostaria de saber tenho diretx 11 instalado  fica me pedindo diretx11  se suber como fazer agradeço . nao da para iniciar geme
76561197965087751,Recommended,302510,26626648,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Traktor boy,Such a fun game. Need a sequel.
,Recommended,302510,23979212,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Meme Machine,I did enjoy playing the video game adaption of Gladiator very much. 8/8 would slash my way through hordes of Britains again.
,Not Recommended,302510,17593742,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,BadNetCode,"Half of the enemies in the game arethis ♥♥♥♥ing guy.6 hour story mode. It's an incredibly easy game. No PvP, so there isn't even any challenge in multiplayer. Combat mostly involves alternating between sword (X button) and shield (Y button)."
76561198354457336,Not Recommended,302510,29704936,Posted: 4 February,all,Vidkun,repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198148945608,Recommended,302510,12846743,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,YouNoobActLike-A-Pro,I love this game. very awesome. just not good for low spec PC
76561198049983301,Recommended,302510,33087572,Posted: 1 July,all,Torvike,"Great game very underated. never listen to ""professional reviewers"""
76561197983108086,Not Recommended,302510,23304558,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Budoman,"I got this game on sale and while the graphics are gorgeous the game is really just a button masher.  You have 2 basic attacks and then quicktime exectutions which repeat ad infinitem.  I found that I just wasn't engaged after a couple of hours.  I actually kind of hated the main character who is estentially just a bloodthristy tool.  That is probably most of it.  I just kept getting bored, despite the eye candy.  I can't really reccomend it, even on sale."
,Not Recommended,302510,30609320,Posted: 19 March,all,HappyPerson [nom],"Pros:Good looking graphicsFluid combatInteresting (if predicable) storyCons:The game is really a couple hour long quicktime eventCombat is extremely repetitive and shallowI encountered heavy stuttering in some places, even with graphical options turned down.  I haven't encountered stuttering this bad in any other modern game.Overall, the game has some fun moments, but hey're strung together on a large number of samey fight sequences against large numbers of identical enemies.  The game's dependence on QTEs feels like a weak point, regularly breaking up the flow of combat."
,Recommended,302510,12635371,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,josh,This game leaves you feeling like the ultimate badass.
,Recommended,302510,12660165,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,NgEeXnT,"Actually not a bad game. May not be the best hack-and-slash you ever play, but what's here works. I also really enjoyed the story (I'm a sucker for this time period).This is all on top of the game's magnificent visuals!"
,Not Recommended,302510,22627641,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,EzyPzyJapaneze,"Got it for 5 euros in sale, I knew I should've waited until the game was on sale for less than that. I have no idea how this game can even be considered as a game, when the whole gameplay is about hitting two buttons over and over again. Not worth it, even though the graphics are quite nice."
76561198021649310,Not Recommended,302510,34228626,Posted: 13 August,all,Nonney,Bought this game because the graphics looked great. Enjoyed the beginning of the game but it got stale very quickly. Combat is repetitive and the story didn't suck me in like I hoped. Can't recommend this game.
76561198028513039,Recommended,302510,23978227,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HossDelgado93,Repetitive combat but good♥♥♥♥♥story.
,Recommended,302510,28659546,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,"A single word: Crytek ,the game is ♥♥♥♥ing brutal, love it!"
76561198003185426,Not Recommended,302510,14255501,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Friend of the Christy's,THIS GAME IS NOT COOP
,Not Recommended,302510,21027792,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,unqstylez,If you are buying this game and plan on playing keyboard and mouse.  DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,302510,20590370,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RK-20,"I love this game, however for me, the game stutters and makes it hard for me to Enjoy it at its fullest. I'd reccomend playing this one a console rather than the PC. Some ports aren't meant for the PC"
76561198071596106,Not Recommended,302510,33189920,Posted: 3 July,all,anIratePanda,"Solid gameplay, the game itself, and the RPG elements especially, feel extremely not fleshed out, but the bones of the game are a great time for 5-10 dollars."
,Not Recommended,302510,25209930,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kome360,"Uh... no.It's somewhat fun, but... no. Combat is exactly as pathetic and horrible as the reviewers say it is.Just watch a Let's Play, don't spend money on this."
,Recommended,302510,19951242,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Wow, where was this writing team when Crytek was working onCrysis? Film-grade exposition and voice acting meets superbly executed hack-and-slash gameplay. It *is* fairly linear, but given the story-driven nature ofRyse: Son of Rome, entirely excusable and by no means a detriment to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,302510,18231465,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mr. Nice Guy: Bom de Briga,"If you think of it as a modern beat n' up, you'll find ""Ryse: Son of Rome"" extremely fun.But, if you think this is a new paradigm in games, a piece of art from the gods themselves or a revolutionary game of some sort, you'll be disappointed so hard and this game is not for you."
76561198109770942,Recommended,302510,24638199,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Humptyjackalope,short but sweet slasher. great story and character dev. beautiful graphics.
,Recommended,302510,17053748,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,Astoundingly advanced graphics and an intensely detailed Rome await the player as they hack+slash their way through a 7 hour campaign. Boring story tho.
76561198023695074,Not Recommended,302510,16694032,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Chocomel,"Storyline lacks debt and is full of cliches, combat gets boring after a few minutes and in each mission you do the same things only with a different background.This game was'nt worth my money or my time."
,Recommended,302510,14319276,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"They should seriously make a sequel, called Ryse: Son of Sparta, make it open world, and more innovative and inspiring than this one.This one is not a top notch level good game, but it's no where near bad albeit its gameplay being too repetitive and uninteresting.get it while it's on sale at 50% or more"
,Recommended,302510,22166634,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,20 fps when I roll sometimes
,Recommended,302510,16743381,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Wow I have to say that this has to be one of my favorite action third person games in a long time, if not my favorite. It has an entertaining story, great CGI, likeable main character, create action and some great scenes. The last game I can recall playing pretty much start to finish in one setting like this was SpecOps. The game play was smoth though there were a couple of boss fights that I had some trouble figuring out. This isn't an RPG some which for once it was nice not having to really worry about worrying about gimping my character per say. I haven't played the multiplayer side so I am not sure how it is, or how popular it still is. The game has been out for some time. I know it is a port form console but it is a very well down port, one of the best I have played to be honest. On my Alienware 17, i7-4800MQ 2.4ghz 16GB running a GeForce 770M (couple year old laptop gaming system) the game ran a a very smooth frame rate, I didnt' benchmark it but I never got the feeling it dipped anywhere below 30fps. Combat was smoth. I played using a 360 controller. No crashes or bugs to be seen. All in all it was just over 10 hours of run. I am not sure if I will pick it back up and try the multiplayer anytime soon or play the game back through, I only got about half the achiivements so far.All in all I regret having waited so long to pick up Ryse: Son of Rome. I have hundreds of games that I have never gotten around to even starting so it is rare for me to actually find one with a story that I enjoy enough to finish and Ryse had said story."
76561198153845985,Recommended,302510,12874454,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ThursMan27,RYSE is the best game of me.
,Recommended,302510,13266057,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,InsertTextHere,This game is awesome. It has amazing graphics and gameplay.+Good Graphics+Low - Mid end pc can handle it on ultrra+Fighting style-Not that much people playing Multiplayer
76561198060383599,Recommended,302510,12469847,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,VIrumZz,A must get
,Not Recommended,302510,29309265,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,Literally a console game made to showcase the Xbox 1.Thy money is best spent elsewhere2/6
76561198078830918,Recommended,302510,25909590,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sheisty Individual,"As a fan of Spartacus the TV-show, I was looking forward to this game and waited long enough for it to be on sales.To put it simply, it's a console port. And a♥♥♥♥♥♥one at that.It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to make it run correctly as if it was a console port.It's quite easy and the combat is repetitive but this could be the sign that it's a console port.There's nothing wrong with a game being a console port unless it's a console port.Ok enough with the console port issue.Beautiful scenery, animations, voice acting, overall you feel like you're on the battlefield and that is the game's best quality.They emphasized so much on that aspect that it seems they ran out of budget to add more ennemy types.Seriously, you fight the same 3 guys over and over.It's unbelievable!You got the archer, the fatso with a shield and the basic grunt.Over and over, same skin.Other than that there are enough variety in the executions to keep you away from wanting the QTE to finish as fast as possible.Worth a buy at its current 19.99 price tag."
,Recommended,302510,26556180,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,unkn0wnRAGE,"Excelent game, graphics are really cool, history campaign really nice, I love this game."
76561198080444294,Recommended,302510,13556844,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,☩ X☧ήστος ☩,best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!
76561198121272614,Recommended,302510,22191860,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,brian_n_luisi,"I like this game, witcher 3 or darksouls it is not, but at 4k 40-55fps it is a gfx lovers dream. Ive been gaming since i was a child, growing up during the 80's i've been dreaming about when games would look this good, I spend as much time walking around the environment as playing the game (fighting)This feels like call of duty, but with swords, WAIT before you leave, many years ago  COD was an amazing series, it's only over the last decade ThaT it's become a recycled pile of not-giving-a-fu@k and the bane of the gaming world.Rise is very linear, combat is very simple, plot is very ALPHA male fantasy, and its game lengh is very short with little reason to return, but damn for all its short comings I had fun playing it. If the devs spent as much time on gameplay as they did on the GFX it could have been a GOTY.This game was made to show off the xbone GFX and bring in males 18-32 giving them a alpha male power fantasy, and as much as i hate that, many of the people making this game must have loved making it, and that passion shows up while playing. This game tries and for that it gets a yes vote.FYI: I took 5 months away from hack-n-slash so the combat while shallow was fun, because i took that break. If you've just played witcher3, darksouls, dmc, batman games take a break from the genre before giving this a go."
76561198032423645,Recommended,302510,12458806,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dam^7on ^4Salva^1tore,I LOVE THIS GAME VERY MUCH
76561197997364041,Recommended,302510,12475010,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,hafnium,wow
,Recommended,302510,12468752,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,judejägarN,Fett me bra
,Recommended,302510,12469002,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[PHX]KRAZYNATIVE AMERICAN,Love this game!!!
,Recommended,302510,13249370,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,fighting whity,10/10 would Ryse again
,Not Recommended,302510,29310070,Posted: 16 January,all,NeroMercury,"Terrible button mashing piece of garbage.Great story, but get a history book if you're looking for a good story."
,Recommended,302510,22234974,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rendyali,"Great Game but i think the campaign story is too short!!and i wanna ask question, why my pc cant run the game with maximum setting??my rig is:Amd fx 8350 4ghzMsi 970 Gaming MotherboardR9 380 4gb ddr5 256bitseasonic m12II-620 Evo EditionCorsair Vengeance 2 x 4gbSandisk ssd plus 120gbWD Caviar Black 500gb"
,Recommended,302510,24068686,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,My Leg,Boobs jiggle10/10
76561197997137846,Not Recommended,302510,20289843,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,IronGear,"Blerhg... hack, slash, parry, hack, slash parry, repeat ad infinitum."
76561197989539734,Not Recommended,302510,23222499,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,CartsTheMenace,The entire game is about the combat which gets boring extremely fast. It is a beautiful game but it is lacking everywhere else. Go watch a five minute gameplay video of it and you have seen the whole game for free.
,Not Recommended,302510,18242936,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,gibby,"...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...Very laggy    10/10 made me want to go outside"
,Recommended,302510,24189593,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,☭Matasaga☭,"This game is fun, however, from the viewpoint of a history buff, it can be painful to play.Examples why:-The Celtic and Germanic tribes are portrayed as cruel, brute barbarians. However this is far from what they actually were. They were an advanced people with a rich culture. And although they were a warlike people, the barbarians from this game almost offended me.-The combat is unrealistic. Although I am no martial arts expert, I could clearly see many mistakes in this game's swordplay. In a realistic scenario, your character most likely would have been bested by any run-of-the-mill 'barbarian' soldier. Not that the average Celtic or Germanic warrior was unskilled, as they were much more deadly than their Roman counterparts. Rome's advantage was found in their advanced strategy and tactics. To move on, not only was the swordfighting unrealistic, but the battles were as well. A more realistic battle would have consisted of organized groups and lines of soldiers pushing against eachother, and not a chaotic collection of duels between soldiers. This would have been more Japanese, if anything.-The armor and clothing worn by soldiers is off. This mostly applies to the Barbarians, as the Roman armor in this game is merely changed to make it look cooler. On the other hand, the armor worn by the enemy is far more unrealistic. Instead of wearing tattered animal skins and skulls, these warriors would have worn tunics, pants, chainmail, and advanced helmets, or have gone naked in some cases.Entertaining and satisfying game, however, it takes considerable liberties with history."
76561198000173459,Recommended,302510,30077632,Posted: 21 February,all,Tetsuro P12,"Excessive violence that ruin an otherwise decent game.I would say decent because gameplay isn't top. It's all button mashing, it's all preconditioned, it's all timing. You have to do exactly what the programmers want you to do and that's a bit stressing.Though it's still enjoyable, graphics are very good, sound is decent, story is almost good.All this violence is unneeded. It's not that short, it's replayable but it isn't that deep as for gameplay, no exploration. Decent game."
,Recommended,302510,13640962,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cheesecake,I'm really good at looking for a match
,Recommended,302510,13659840,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DropTheFork,This game is beautiful the graphics are amazing 10/10 the story is awesome 10/10
76561198098916941,Not Recommended,302510,29370004,Posted: 19 January,all,XXXRichardspencer,Just because you highlight enemies the color of the button instead of displaying it on the screen doesn't make it less of a quick time event.
76561198059473359,Recommended,302510,20015689,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DavieHAF,"Hack. Slash. Repeat.Brilliant fun, if a little short."
,Recommended,302510,16394692,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,James Bond on drugs *_*,"Ein wirklich sehr schönes Spiel. Mit einer schönen Story und gut gemachten Charackteren. Alles war super.Bloß die Story könnte noch einen tick läger gehen. Man hätte da vielleicht noch ein paar mehr nebenhandlungen einbauen können, aber sonst ein Top Spiel!."
,Recommended,302510,20014394,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,A Baked Potato,"The combat mechanics are great, and the story is great as well. Finished this game in one sitting. gr8 b8 m8 i r8 that b8 8/8"
76561198193292081,Not Recommended,302510,29150082,Posted: 9 January,all,mmb2580,cant play dont have a controller YOU NEED A CONTROLLER
,Recommended,302510,28548266,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Highlander,I recommend.
76561198075138125,Recommended,302510,25066307,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Redeemed,"Really great game.  Linear, but that's what makes a great story.  NOT FOR CHILDREN."
,Recommended,302510,25066820,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,=R.R.G.S= Omen,Me: THIS IS SPARTAAAAAA!!!!Roman allies: *quietly staring at me*Me: .......ROOOOOOMEE!!!!!Roman allies: *battle cry*:)
76561198101061545,Recommended,302510,14423421,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Willzy-B,"I AM DAMOCLES, I AM VENGEANCE, YOU. ARE. NEXT!!!﻿"
,Not Recommended,302510,18143698,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Gokhan,Repetitive and boring ...
,Not Recommended,302510,18246001,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,hentai ftw,♥♥♥♥
76561198072058350,Recommended,302510,16717312,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gekkehenk32,"Bought in during steam summersale, for that price I do recommend the game if you like some hack and slash for a couple of hours in a old Rome setting. The campaign is quite short, but I enjoyed it none the less. Wouldn't buy it for full price."
,Recommended,302510,16719521,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gabe Gamdom.com Society.gg,Good Game play. Good story line but only 6 hours of story u.u
,Recommended,302510,16739826,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,RawketPunch,To be honest I bought this game to benchmark my new 980ti. I had low expectations going in and after beating the game I can say it was pretty satisfying.PROSRidiculously amazing graphics! Crank it up if your PC can handle it!Fighting can be satisfying leaving you feeling OPCONS:Enemies start to feel very repetitive.Very short story.If you have the extra cash and want to see an interactive tech demo go for it. Do not expect much of a story.
,Recommended,302510,16746945,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,6S.Manu,Michael Bay meets Rome...Nice graphics.Buy it during the Steam sales.
,Recommended,302510,16747102,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Social Media,Great game with a great story line.
,Recommended,302510,17869635,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,High level in a short time for PVP..Not much population anymore though.Game is recommendedBut play time is short due to lack of players!
,Not Recommended,302510,20798642,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SoullessParadigm,"Nice visuals but extremely uninspired, poor gameplay mechanics. A 2/10 experience at six dollar sale price."
76561198019690073,Recommended,302510,12602125,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Armorsuit,It's ... something else.
,Recommended,302510,18201678,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sebas_Qc,Nice game for the history and Multiplayer but there not much ppl who play online...
,Recommended,302510,19429871,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,I Love Food,"This game made me feel like a badass. The combat is simple, but very entertaining. The story was also interesting and fun to follow. I recommend this hack and slash title to any gamer, competitive or casual. Just keep in mind that it is not a hard core title. It has more of a casual feel."
,Recommended,302510,19193164,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Daysent,"barbarian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!!!oh well... fighting for the wrong side, ROMAN ♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198010736077,Not Recommended,302510,20215973,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nottirbla5t,"Pretty game, but annoying combat system. Camera angle is a nightmare at times too."
76561197998483806,Recommended,302510,14275568,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rain_DH01,"A good interactive movie with great visuals and combat system that looks similar to Arkham series. I only wish there were more non-scripted strategic elements and freedom in moving around and comanding your troops.Story is not something original and deep and thoughtful but it's definitely not bad and strongly merged with gameplay, so once you start playing it is hard to stop until the finale - the whole process is like a flow."
,Not Recommended,302510,20201223,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,moscaflaca,"kinda fun and worth it if you get it on sale. poorly optimized with frequent frame drops. storyline is short. multiplayer is meh, basically just coop against bots. nothing special, if youre rich get this game so your wealth tricles down."
76561198040090404,Not Recommended,302510,20192253,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Topmanluke,"friend told me not to get this game. Went against his judgement, Played 20 minutes, fighting is clunky, takes a lot of  hits to kill one person, feels like you dont have a lot of control of your character then requested refund, i wouldnt suggest this game for fun."
,Recommended,302510,19897897,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Keepsie,Game is amazing looks just... Wow must own
76561198162260607,Not Recommended,302510,19899647,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SealsGaming,THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,302510,19625684,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,IN razer blade-iwnl-,Gameplay Awesome .... Storyline not that greatplus repeatative executions ... u will get bored from them after sometime and start killing Your enemies in normal way
,Not Recommended,302510,20342362,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,date rapist,"Horrible console port.Doesn't allow you to pass the last mission, die even through clicking at the correct time no matter what happens, would recommend if you're not into finishing games, had a fair bit of fun with it up until that stupid last ♥♥♥♥ing mission."
76561198303515360,Recommended,302510,24829792,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Volbeater1989,"This game is fu***** awesome!Nice graphics, epic fights and a good story - everything a game needs!I hope they will bring out new parts of it - please!I had so much fun. Accidently the story is a little bit to short."
,Recommended,302510,25641782,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TEHMOBBER,Best fighting game ever.
,Recommended,302510,23918997,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ch33kiBreek1,Good gameExcellent graphicsExtremely good fightingInteresting story but maybe kinda shortNow trying to beat it on legendary which is ♥♥♥♥ing hard. Or i just play solo or mp with my gladiator which is ♥♥♥♥ing sameGot it for around 6 dollars on summer sale. Definitely worth it
,Recommended,302510,22230442,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Danny Phantom,dis game gav meh  cencer 12 out of 7
76561198060191034,Not Recommended,302510,25760529,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chrono124,"This games starts pretty good and the graphics look nice, but it gets so repetitive that it will drive you insane. After about an hour of this game just go to YouTube and watch the story videos, you will be better off. This game really is beautiful and the story is pretty good, but the combat system they chose just gets boring. I wish it's was more like the LOTR games where you hack and slash through mobs and save the combat systems it has for boss fights. It's just a series of combos and timing  blocks to defeat each enemy with a cool cut scene. I could not get the arena/multi-player thing to work, which was disappointing because I would have liked to slash up some enemies with the crysis  suit. Change the combat system and this game would be great, but for that reason I just can't recommend it."
,Recommended,302510,25645940,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Crossebi,"Great game,expose the reality of war at those times,it's nice to play a game that put you in the arena with a lot of gladiators and the only friend is your sword washed by enemy blood!!8/10"
,Recommended,302510,28602583,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bit,Good story
76561198255559495,Not Recommended,302510,22149634,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dez Bryant,It is good if you like smashing your mouse 1 and mouse 2 button
76561198073229820,Recommended,302510,29025857,Posted: 4 January,all,Frost,Short game but well worth the money when on sale.
,Recommended,302510,28112507,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lubnut,"One of the most epic and visually stunning game's out there. The story is rich and has an interesting twist to keep the game from being a linear story. The levels are incredibly made and feature weather to make the battles even more full on. I wasn't expecting the game to be so good, because it came out the same time as Xbox One I was under the impression it was a rushed game made to show off the new hardware but no. Enemies are challenging and throw a mix of different types into engagements. Timed defelctions/attacks mean the combat keeps you on your toes and isn't the button mashing bs in Assasins Creed.Cons i can only complain that the game puts you in the middle of a horde of barbarians every now and again to draw out situations. I have a GTX 1060 and got a solid 60fps however during some missions my fps was choppy and the motion blur was disorientating so i turned it off and it was fine. The multiplayer seems dead, but the game isn't really about it.Overall, yea i'd pay $20 for it. It's shorter than what i'd have liked (around 6 hours to finish). Definetly in my top 10 games. If you liked Assasins Creed but don't want to be stealthy pick this."
76561198094680009,Not Recommended,302510,27468901,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CytoSix,The hardest mode is immposible to beat whitout skipping few parts for example when u are trying to take the fallen fortress you need to defend your lines until archers come but there are way too many enemy archers!
76561198211423964,Recommended,302510,30006951,Posted: 18 February,all,ruicarolas,"In a day and age where most games require the player to think about strategies, consequences and solutions, this comes as a breath of fresh air. There's not much to think about here: the enemy is in front of you and you have to kill him. And cut him in pieces if possible, to gather an execution bonus. It's brutal and fun.Visually, this game is a masterpiece. One of the best looking games I've played, and it's not a new title.I find it hard to understand how it only has 61 on Metacritic. One of those mysteries."
76561198113881671,Not Recommended,302510,29277592,Posted: 15 January,all,ianmaloy47,"Immediately upon starting a new campaign after purchase I encountered framerate errors so significant that the game is rendered unplayable.  Very upset, I'm out $20 on a broken game, and with the no refunds policy I truly feel like I have been robbed of my money.  Screw this game and it's developers"
76561198021897402,Not Recommended,302510,29003769,Posted: 4 January,all,Theseus,Impossible to play
76561198077865389,Recommended,302510,29308415,Posted: 16 January,all,Nekrium Dinasty,Finished story mode...it was great THEN I REFUNDED THE GAME
76561197969379991,Recommended,302510,30002842,Posted: 18 February,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,Simple but fun. Nice references to actual historical events.
,Recommended,302510,28602800,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,darviathan,Very great game to play. love the graphic and the storyline!
76561198069331111,Not Recommended,302510,28853273,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,generaldozie,the fight is the same over and over and over again. storyline is managable. it has not been properly optimised for pc and has alot of issues. the graphics is great both there is still alot to do desired.
76561198066799394,Not Recommended,302510,28830169,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,soulmusicfly,"The story may good and the picture is nice , but the controller is hard to win and it's a little boring. I didn't finish this game."
76561198118285139,Not Recommended,302510,30017522,Posted: 18 February,all,Ocean_Pacific,"This game felt like a chore to finish. A game shouldn't be a chore.that said, the graphics are nice yes, the story is quite interesting although the WORST PART OF THIS GAME IS:... THE GAMEPLAY itself, you will end up spending many hours killing the same enemies, if i'm not mistaken there are 4 types of enemies that look the same in every chapter, everything feels dull and the executions feel so repetitive that at one point i actually stopped using them alltogether.I would define this an average game (4/10). Buy only on some SERIOUS discount, otherwise go buy an icecream or anything else for the same price."
76561198216182976,Recommended,302510,30623423,Posted: 19 March,all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,👍🏻 PROS -• Insane Eye poping graphics.• Nicely optimised.• God Like Storyline.• Physics superb.• Animations are very accurate.• Sound quality is superb.• Very Nice and enjoyable gameplay.• Hell Brutality.• Controls are good.👎🏻 CONS -• No support for impulse trigger for xbox one controller on PC.📜 NOTES -Best gameplay with best graphics with best story total worth a gamer timeAnd total worth the price go for it without thinking twice.
,Not Recommended,302510,31300643,Posted: 22 April,all,rmerasmus12,"This is the worst game I've ever bought for 20 euros, it looks pretty but the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's really just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again in a different setting with slightly different enemies. Do not buy if you don't like to waste money. However, if you do like to waste money, this is the game you want to buy.3/10, would like a refund if possible"
76561198129524901,Not Recommended,302510,30138763,Posted: 24 February,all,Smoke A,"Where do i start! This game is just simply bad.- Can't skip the awful dialogue- The camera angles are awkard asf- The tutorials are way to technical- The stroy line is dry-Cant customize the contol config- doesnt display enemy health- takes way to long to kill a single enemy , the fatalites are like a cut scences and take way to long- Cant blockEPIC load timesI have never regreted buying and installing a game so much in my gaming life!!!!Epic thumbs down#feelsbadman"
76561197970774969,Recommended,302510,30007171,Posted: 18 February,all,Xirix,"Fantastic. I really like this game. I never expected it to be this good. Funny part is that I already had it in my steam libary for a year without touching it. The unlock system is fun, the animations are great, the visuals are slick and smooth, the controls are easy to learn and the story is like playing a movie, it will keep you excited for whats coming next. Cons: not really. This title deserves more attention and maybe a dlc from the barbarian perspective :)"
,Not Recommended,302510,18010105,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,schrodinger4126,runs horrible on a 290 and 980 sttutering like crazy after the third mission
,Not Recommended,302510,15285249,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,John R Blade,This game is pretty...Yeah thats pretty much all it has going for it...
76561197960549525,Recommended,302510,22327601,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Zorgalord,"Full of testosterone and small b00bs :oLoved it, but the small breasts."
76561198006403432,Recommended,302510,28696402,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hanslettermen,"Paid 6 bucks for this game on sale. Worth the 6 bucks.Pros:Combat is fun, even if it can get a bit frustrating at times with the weird button mapping.Story line is ok, nothing to write home about, but it will keep you interested.Graphics are nice.Cons:Lack of indepth graphics options. There is only about four options to change. Those being shadow quality, terrain quality, animation quality and one other I've forgotten. This leads to the game being laggy at times, even when you're running at the lowestStory is pretty short. I wouldn't recommend paying the full $22"
,Recommended,302510,18854437,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,大きなアニメのおっぱい,"Its pretty repetitive and you seemingly fight the same 3-4 enemy types the entire game, but it'sfun if you're looking for an entertaining and brutal hack-and-slash game that doesn't ask much ofyour intelligence gameplay or story-wise."
76561198008161967,Recommended,302510,19757406,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,trm90,I wouldnt change a thing...other than that the game was WAYYY too short. Think it took me like 7 hours to beat? At one point i thought i was just getting into it and it said i was over halfway and was like wtf??? Other than it being a short game they really delivered an amazing product with there one.  Glad it came to Pc
,Recommended,302510,24002727,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dapper Fapper,"Beautiful, brilliant, and relentlessly brutal, Ryse is one of the most stunning and fun games I've played. The combat is just as fluid as the Batman games, the story is extremely interesting so far, and the graphics, are just stunning. So far, a perfect ten.EDIT: The campaign as a whole was masterful. Still a ten."
,Recommended,302510,31731269,Posted: 13 May,all,lugerluver,"Melee version of Gears of War. It has very satisfying and cinematic execution moves with deeply immersive and gorgeous settings spanning several distinctively different locations. Just don't expect a literary classic for a storyline, it is a testosterone raising fighting game after all.Edit: Controller recommended"
,Recommended,302510,14627915,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bonesALF,"Amazing, buy all!"
,Recommended,302510,22159744,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BlivAK,Convinicing story and decent combat (many compliants about being repetitive - WHAT GAME ISN'T) although it would have benefited from some extra combos but what more can you do with a sword and sheild in Roman days eh? It's worth the current price tag.Can't comment on online play as I'm yet to try it out.
,Recommended,302510,28354816,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,_-El Psy Congroo-_,Good game Good graphics Repetetive combat style Decent storyline Pretty short takes about 6.5 hours.personal rating : 7/10
,Not Recommended,302510,13554992,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Perfect Cell,can i please get my money refunded ._.
,Recommended,302510,29714388,Posted: 5 February,all,Mr. Ziza,"Finish this game in one sitting. I didn't expect this short, the story i mean but somehow i enjoy the gameplayP.S: It's extremely repetitive don't bother yourself if you get boring so quickly."
,Recommended,302510,20392060,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Suitcase,
76561198019645256,Recommended,302510,22198686,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Dehera666,A lot of people so harsh....I think it's very polished and feels good to play.Major con is the 5 hour campaign...
76561198031270659,Not Recommended,302510,14177356,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,maria von satan,"repetitive fighting is one thing, close world, just tunel is other, no any option to choose your fight style, no any influence on the game  but if you choose just to see very nice graphic it is for you... almostbecause even if you choose to be beginner still you need to spend hours to kill one stupid goat in the middle of the game.and that is simple not worthy effords and moneyNice praphics, gaming experience on the level of early Quake, disappointed (despite I had very low expectations).3/10"
,Recommended,302510,14240391,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Camilo-X7,jogo muito♥♥♥♥♥♥pode ser pequeno mais é muito bom  tem que ser um pc muito bom para roda esse jogo nao pode ser qualqué um tem que ser um dos melhores a historia é♥♥♥♥♥♥u ruim que nao é dublado né tem muito sanque issso que é bom kkkkkkkkkkkkkk um bom que o jogo é romano e é legal ser homano o multiplay show de bolae tem muito açao e aventura vale a pena e.os grafiocs sao muito lindo....
76561198001096484,Not Recommended,302510,21312154,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Handwipe,"I spent $6.79 on this garbage and played it for approximately 10 hours. Now you might say that 68 cents per hour is well worth the cost of enjoying a video game, even if it's just mediocre. The problem is: Ryse is not a video game. It's cutscenes and quicktime events. Yep that's it. There is almost no gameplay to be had here. Ryse was developed solely to be tech demo for the xbox one. If you buy this ""game"" I will personally ride my chariot to your doorstep and slay you."
,Not Recommended,302510,31027098,Posted: 8 April,all,Sen,"Best thing about this game is fighting, and i think that they did story really good. Really nice experience, there are not many gooood fighting (with swords) games. Multiplayer is dead, nobody is playing it. And this is the biggest problem because the story is not really long, and after that, there is nothing to do!"
76561198127346716,Not Recommended,302510,14702728,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DOA_FapNation,i like thw game but when i hit retry it makes the game stop so i have to restart the missoin all over again ihad 90% done then i had to go back to 0% when i retry that the check point its ♥♥♥♥EN STUPID ♥♥♥♥EN fix it
,Not Recommended,302510,16757267,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rich,"Awful game, pretty but its pretty much a graphical showcase with the same repeating dull gameplay loop.A real shame as I love the period its set in and I would like to see some 'fun' games with depth and gameplay actually made for this period."
,Not Recommended,302510,16748501,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Templar [TCM],"This game is perhaps the worst game i have ever played and i have played more than 130 games you pay $40 for a bunch of cinimatics. the game play makes me want to cry. There is zero i repeat zero tactical skill, you just sit the randomly ponding your keyboard tell stuff is dead. i bort it and i regret it. But the graphics are awesome."
76561198131460822,Not Recommended,302510,14293430,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dovakin,i want a refund!! the game is lagging alottt
76561198052562356,Recommended,302510,29911426,Posted: 13 February,all,Habi,"Game is sort of like a CoD game set in Rome. Lots of set pieces, a short single player with a forgettable war story. 'Short but sweet', expect it's not as sweet as a CoD campaign because of how repetitive the combat is. Combat is not engaging or much fun after just an hour or two.Has co-op multiplayer with a max of 2 players but again, it's not very good because of how repetitive the combat is. Does have a good amount of colosseum scenarios to run through though.Looks nice graphically but will need some tweaks to get it running in stable 60fps. Had to follow both these to get it running in stable 60+fps with no screentearing:http://steamcommunity.com/app/302510/discussions/0/619568192815339833/http://steamcommunity.com/app/302510/discussions/0/618458030663903476/Hard to give a thumbs up review but it's an okay sale pickup if you like action games, if only for the roman theme alone. Just don't expect anything memorable and don't spend any more than £5 on it."
,Recommended,302510,29002388,Posted: 4 January,all,Noirez_,"Super enjoyable game with intense fighting and (albeit too little) gore. Story is, despite it's somewhat bad climatic points, very immersive. Combat feels great, quick, and smooth. Though personally, not as satisfying as other titles. 8/10!"
76561198019485084,Recommended,302510,12473171,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jhardin2285,"Total Style over substance for sure. Ryse: Son Of Rome has to be one of the best looking games that I have ever seen. The fight mechanics are fluent and simple.. very similar to Bat Man Arkham (franchise) and the Assassin's Creed Franchise. The game is a decent length, I completed it in about a day. No negative reviews here, other than I am ready for more. I am ready to see some single player expansion to this title. Very good game."
76561198019237076,Not Recommended,302510,14581000,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,mustix,"Very nice graphics? Yes. Interesting story? No, just boring. Gameplay? Repetitive. Didn' t finished it... Thought 26gb was just a waste of space in my hard disk... At least bought it  not so expensive."
,Recommended,302510,30576338,Posted: 17 March,all,7FluffyKittens,Really fun hack-n-slash. The co-op is awesome.
,Recommended,302510,12535196,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SaltiestSnail,"Its simple really, the games story, the beautiful and fluid combat system, the jaw dropping graphics, must I say more? This game is one to remember and one to play over and over again."
76561197995621558,Recommended,302510,22144615,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[cc] jimmy robinson,great game
76561198075894294,Recommended,302510,22141566,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Don't deny me,good game
76561198077198438,Recommended,302510,26215311,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,✠F☩Polar Bear☩F✠,13/10 would use scorpion to snipe barbarians
,Not Recommended,302510,24541806,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DiscoStu ..!,terrible terrible game.
,Not Recommended,302510,24571922,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,El Gordito,"If you were looking for a God of War filler at Steam this is definitely not that game.It's like and insult to you by how its wasting your time. Aim of this game's design was hopelessly make it longer by making you kill tens of enemy soldiers at the same spot and it doesn't even do that fashionably. You kill 3 type of enemy soldiers( they literally have 4 skins in this game) with a combat system that gets repetitive before you even start the game. System is a 1 push button for shield guy, one attack and one block buttons and an execution button and thats it.There is a number of executions you can unlock but unlock and level system doesn't means anything because everything is so damn repetitive that its hurtful. Characters are soulless, enemies are soulless, scenario is soulless even epic destruction scenes looks soulless.Graphics are good and thats it. Its a rushed, hopeless game that I got in steam sales like 4 dollars  and I'm in desperation to get a refund just to not pay anything for a game like this."
,Recommended,302510,32693193,Posted: 23 June,all,Crouton,"Came in not expecting much as I'm not a fan of these QTE style games, but I really had a lot of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,302510,34268934,Posted: 15 August,all,Poopsock,Rome was not the only thing rising ;) 9/10 Not a bad fap.
,Recommended,302510,28690307,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lord Apollo,"While the gameplay can be repetitive, the story, graphics, cutscenes, and immersion more than make up for it. Plus, it works great with a steam controller."
76561197981888299,Recommended,302510,24023026,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shrikky**,The gameplay and game mechanics are amazing ! The game gets a little slow after a while though it was not laggy in the beginning. But its definitely worth playing. Kudos to the level designers
76561198109669131,Recommended,302510,24350710,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gogi,"Awesome single player, but MP lacks a matchmaking server nad I think a small amount of people are playing."
,Not Recommended,302510,33435225,Posted: 10 July,all,bennis74,Quick time event simulator of the year.
,Not Recommended,302510,33454916,Posted: 11 July,all,FATTY,Quite easy and combat get boring soon.recommend for player who has not played AAA RPG games nowadays.
,Recommended,302510,22808557,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,EdnightPT,Buyed the game playing and had some fun xD
76561198356753562,Recommended,302510,33405311,Posted: 9 July,all,Saladkiller,"Short but amazing. Has a captivating story and great gameplay mechanics, along with good character depth and noice plot twists. Overall sick game"
76561198040692786,Not Recommended,302510,33621828,Posted: 17 July,all,Ammoro541,"First, I want to clarify that I beat the game in less than seven hours (Mostly because I thought it would get better).  I found the combat to be unpolished and chain together poorly.  The story was very short and lacked both depth of characters and the events of the game.  There were a multitude of what I would describe as ""mini-games"" in which you would control troops in Testudo formation (shield wall) and fend off archers.  There was even a ""frogger-like"" sequence in which if you were hit you died instantly.  The designers didn't seem to stick with what the players knew.  Throwing a new toy or ability into the mix is delightful and refreshing when done right.  Instead they throw in new elements that do not fit within the game and expect you to not be frustrated.TLDR:Pros:GraphicsHack and slash combat (for the most part)Satisfying killcams and deathsCons:Unpolished Combat- Unresponsive commands- Finicky targeting- VERY bad aiming mechanic for javelins- Poor defense against archers or dealing with them quicklyVery short gameUnnecessary mechanics (command of troops)Weird ""mini-games""Overall, I would not recommend this game.  I bought it during the steam sale hoping it would be a refreshing game.  For me, at least, it was not that at all."
,Recommended,302510,29907589,Posted: 13 February,all,NeoGenesisMax,"Great game all the way through. I had so much fun.  Story was great. Voice acting was great, Fighting was great and brutal.  I absolutely loved the brutal slaughting that lead up to the very end holy SH#T.  This game reminded me of the hack and slash games of the nes and snes.  Like Golden Axe of the modern generation but with a good story.  You can tell the men/women that designed the levels really took pride in their work.  I caught myself stopping to just look at everything around me very frequently.  Bravo all around.  The only technical problem I experiences was once or twice a shadow would flicker for a second and then everything was cool.  In all honesty that happened 2 or 3 times.Edit: I played the whole game on the Steam controller.  Worked great.  There was another technical issue I had forgotten about though.  It was very common for the icon that would pop up on screen, like to pick up collectables, would switch from an icon of the controller button to an icon of a keyboard button. Didn't hurt game play at all.  Soooo many epic moments in this game."
76561198053075347,Recommended,302510,31186654,Posted: 16 April,all,USOPP,"เกมนี้สั้นมากเล่นประมาณ5ชั่วโมงก็จบแล้วครับระบบเกมเพลย์ออกแนว Batman,Shadow of mordor ตีๆเคาท์เตอร์ค่อนข้างซำ้ซากจำเจแต่ก็เนาะเกมนานแล้ว ถ้าเป็น3ปีที่แล้วเกมอาจจะสนุกก็ได้ครับ แต่ถ้าสำหรับคนที่ซื้อหลังจากนี้ก็คิดให้ดีๆนะครับ กราฟฟิคค่อนข้างดีครับนี่ขนาด3ปีแล้วนะยังว่าสวยอยู่เลยแหม่ Cryengine หนิภาพดูดีเป็นธรรมดา ผมใช้1070 มี FPS ดรอปมา40บ้างนิดหน่อยโดยรวมแล้วก็โอเคครับเกมนี้สำหรับผมแค่ 6/10พอครับ :)"
76561198268398305,Not Recommended,302510,28953980,Posted: 2 January,all,Spinelessspade,"really loved this game when i had it on xbox, but on pc it wont let me change the visual settings or play with a keyboard and mouse, super frustrating as i dont own a ♥♥♥♥ing controller"
,Not Recommended,302510,30954917,Posted: 4 April,all,ZippingAce0,This game is barely a game when it comes down to it. This game pushes graphics and story above actual gameplay and the gameplay something that you need to bear to finish the story. Combat is mainly just the regular arkham style attack and counter system that is slower with excessive quick time events and overly repeated animations. I am barely an hour in and I have already finished chapter 3 out of 8 so that tells me that the game is pretty short. whether or not I finish the game will not likely change my opinion of the game becasue of how scripted the gameplay is and how boring the whole premise is. The gameplay is just an excuse for the story rather than the other way around. I found the story to be pretty boring just of how much I have to go through in order to get to the story and the fact that this game is trying to be something else entirely. The game runs fairly well but I can't recommend it just because it is a lot of pretty graphics with a forgetable story and a throw away experience in terms of gameplay. Please consider looking in depth about the gameplay and mechanics before bying this game otherwise you be better watching the cutscenes rather than playing the game.
76561198352947722,Recommended,302510,33753222,Posted: 23 July,all,Azazel,fun game but buy it on sale an also the texture settings are locked but other than that the game is really fun and gruesome at times stroy seems to be short but still worth a play through
76561198138573069,Not Recommended,302510,16536713,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jayleekinz,Not werth more than 5$.
,Recommended,302510,33718983,Posted: 22 July,all,Lee,"TLDR: Buy on sale.Graphics and cutsecenes make this game.Story is fantastic but after a few hours of repetitive, linear action the game became slightly stale.Just want to watch the story instead."
,Recommended,302510,28865942,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Skull-Strike-J,"This game is MUST BUY if you're into STORY GAMES, the framerate can be all over the place at times, but that doesn't take away from the great campaign that this game offers"
76561198040818181,Not Recommended,302510,22131914,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,MasterZeus,"It boggles my mind that people are giving FarCry Primal bad reviews cause its short but none say how incredibly short this game is.  I have not even 4 hours in the game and Im on the last level of the game. Great game while it lasts but it is probably the shortest game I have ever played. Didnt just run through the levels either took my time and looked for collectibles even, if you want to pay for a game to get one day of playing time go for it (while its on sale)."
,Recommended,302510,33471600,Posted: 11 July,all,Salohcin Tsuw,"Fun, but too easy. Only took me about 3 hours to beat, so a pretty short life. Played a second time to see if I could do things differently and it wasn't worth it.Overall 7/10 and $20 for it makes sense I suppose."
,Not Recommended,302510,28920371,Posted: 1 January,all,AIRoadRunner,Lack of options. Bad consol port. Boring and repetitive fighting.
76561197970491642,Recommended,302510,31861596,Posted: 20 May,all,Mr B.,"Have to say I really enjoyed this, the story, while rather standard fare, was done well.I particuarly liked the main character - he just acted like a normal human being (albiet like the most skilled warrior in the world).The story was rather short, so I couldn't have recommended buying this at it's full price. Haven't tried multiplayer.While the combat system is simple compared to some games, I prefer this so as not to keep have learning things on the go, I'd rather just play.On the whole, this was very enjoyable. Strongly recommend it now it's cheap."
,Recommended,302510,29705310,Posted: 4 February,all,ZAM_SJ5,graphics are beautiful
,Not Recommended,302510,18204352,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dux,One of the prettiest game so far. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is boring as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198228179692,Recommended,302510,19139745,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MifaPlay,"buen juego, parece una historia sacada de un filme pero tiene su atractivo definitivamente un juego que recomiendo si lo que quieres es un buen rato y diversion, aunque no es tan largo es justo y el modo online es divertido."
76561198126989070,Not Recommended,302510,26444827,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,yourgreatestfear,"primitve buttonsmasher, short linear story and awful camera (way too often too close or in wrong angle during combat) ... too shiny / polished / clean graphics which breaks the immersion with the theme ... soldiers and surroundings in ancient war campaigns shouldnt shine all the time like the bling bling of some rapper!devs should give up their focus on eyecandy, the gameplay and immersion clearly gets killed by it."
76561198079752925,Recommended,302510,32744459,Posted: 24 June,all,Obi The Sinnamonroll,"Ryse: Son of Rome... Where to start?I, freakin love this game.Just the way it starts is so amazing.. (Maybe cuz I'm a writer? xD)But... The game starts out in the middle of a war, and Marius needs to ""protect"" ;) the emperor (Nero).  So he makes his way to him... and leads him into a secret little place.  Nero asks him for his name... and Marius responds with something simular to ""Marius.  But my name is not important... However, my story is...""LIKE AHHHThen the game really starts!Most of the game you'll spend doing mostly hack n slash... (Since you gotta kill dem barbarians...) But the amout of executions you do really make up for it cuz MAN IT FEELS GOOD.Ryse has a great atmophere... the game is dark, but also quite beautiful! <3Personally, I really like the voice acting... Marius crying always gets me... ;-;The story is really interesting... The fact Marius is a puppet in a war between 2 gods (Summer and Winter) Summer helps Marius while Winter helps Nero.There is multiplayer where you get to legit be a gladiator and kill others, but I haven't used it and I don't plan to... (I am not the multiplayer kinda gammer :,3)I really hope you get and enjoy this game!  I haven't seen a big fan base out of this one but... hey, I tend to obsess over it so xD <3Some spoilers ahead!! ;-;A bit scatter brained but anyway... xDThe story makes me very sad though... since everyone Marius ever loved... dies... ;-; EVEN HE DIES IN THE END WHYYYY.His whole family was killed by barbarians... And his commander (Vitallion) was also killed by barbarians >.<Marius becoming Damocles... oh dude I still flip every time.There is so much more I wanna talk about but... AHH You'll have to experience the game for yourself!! <3"
,Recommended,302510,26009291,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Starstrike,"I play many games. I love skill based Hack and Slash games. Is this one of those games? Well not entirely but this game is good fun and the story is pretty cool.Graphics:The graphics are stunning I must say. This is to be expected from Crytek. They push graphics very well and the amount of detail is beautiful. Character models are amazing and each one is amazingly animated.Being that this is an Xbox One port, it's to be expected that this would have some flaws here and there. Locked 30 FPS, graphical optimization issues and some glitches randomly with the animations.This doesn't hurt the overall presentation of the game though as the game runs nicely and plays smooth.Gameplay:The gameplay is both the best and worst part of the game. It's too easy but the mindless swapping of a few buttons to string combos makes it nice to play in short playthroughs. It's also pretty nice that the game isn't very long.I myself had computer problems so my save was deleted. Forcing me to restart. The length of the game is about 6 hours on Centurion difficulty. Not too difficult but died a few times during the game.There is a multiplayer mode in the game but it's mainly co-op and thank goodness you can play it solo.The quicktime events can't be lost no matter what button you press. Though you get better bonuses if you get the right buttons pressed. This makes the game super easy to get through but at least the executions are nice to see.Story:I put story down here because it's not too important to know. The story follows a man who becomes a leader of a roman army and rises to the top. Becoming a hero.How this happens is for people to discover. I'd say the story is pretty good. A tale of revenge and justice. Nothing too new for Roman games or films but it's well written.It's also good that each character is voiced well and fits with the theme of the game.Sound:Speaking of voices, the sound of them is great. Each voice having power behind them. The sounds of swords impacting and other things sounding great with studio headphones on.Music is nothing special but it's never out of place. It is a movie experience in a 6 to 7 hour game.Overall:Overall I'd say if you get this on sale for 5 bucks like I did, it's well worth it. Fighting guys is fun, the story in my opinion is pretty good and pulling off the executions is fun.While super easy, this game has enough thrill to keep you interested till the end."
76561198012558516,Recommended,302510,33129757,Posted: 2 July,all,Dietz,"Great game over all, Grphics are amazing for 2014. game play takes a bit to get use to but the over all game and story is worth playing."
76561198058866830,Recommended,302510,28731496,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PittBrave,"Why have I never played this game before? Why is this not my favorite game? Why is it so, so bloody awesome? Lads, don't even think, just grab this game especially now, on sale. The graphics, landscapes, backgrounds, animations, story all are amazing (at least so far). I am having chills of pleasure running through my body. People are dying all around me but I charge and we retake the beach! For the Empire! For Frodo! For the sake of it! O M G!"
76561198000298550,Recommended,302510,28748034,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WE.swap,"to be honest i never leave reviews...But this game is really good, nothing to say scenario is great, mechanics are good and the multiplayer is awesome too.Fab really hope you guys dev a number 2 or something along this line its really crazy.Well done !"
76561198233161672,Recommended,302510,28722328,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yuri,Very cool!
,Recommended,302510,28744822,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HaKosem.HaYeled.VeHaSoteMin,AMAZING.
,Recommended,302510,22148101,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jazz,I've been looking forward to this game and wwhen it finally went on sale I just HAD to snag it. I'm definitley going to give this game a positive review for its storytelling aspects but the combat system is just so dull and repetitive that it made me grateful that I only spent 5 dollars.BUY IT ON SALE.
,Recommended,302510,15699514,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LannisterCrimson,"Ryse is like a soap actor - beautiful on the outside, vapid on the inside. It's a gorgeous game no doubt, but combat, story and dialogue in particular leave a lot to be desired, not to mention its difficulty and length both come up short.Pick up on sale to show off the power of your graphics card.6/10"
76561198034241302,Not Recommended,302510,15691729,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ramen Ronin,"This is a purely combat / gameplay review.  My personal experience montage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USOAIqkNSzcJust on the gameplay alone this is one of those games that doesn't offer a lot of variation or seem to require any measure of skill.  The story might be okay, but within an hour I could see how repetitive and non-challenging this game is.  I'll finish the game on principal, but at this point if I were looking for a good game I would have uninstalled this already.On that note, from the moment they gave me control of the character I could feel how resistant the game was to my input.  I would say I'm fairly skilled at these types of games and from personal experience, games like these allow you to typically become better at them.  This game won't let that happen.The combat relies heavly on slow motion finishing moves.  Slow motion finishing moves that require color based input to execute.  Require is such a wrong term, because there is no penalty for failure.  There is a bonus for doing it correctly, but no fail condition which makes it unmeaningful.The slow motion nature of the kill moves only serves to interrupt the flow of combat with reactionary combos that are not worth learning for two reasons.  One: an excessive amount of time is given to react & Two: You must wait for the prompts regardless of input.  You could even go grab or drink during the kill move and still succeed.  If you could input the reaction based on something you learned about it then it could move faster and not interrupt the combat.Combat doesn't have to be complicated to be fulfilling, but watching the same SLOW MOTION kill moves over and over again will quickly wear down their cool factor.  It has a good concept but it could be executed much better.  To me the idea of color based button reactions is to make the moves flow into the combat effectively without interruption, but in this case it does the opposite by placing the move into slow motion.On all other combat bits: a basic combo works in all situations, the camera must be focused on an enemy to see a kill prompt, there is no way to decide a target, blocking requires no input other than the block button, heavy strikes start as a light strike then stop and restart as a heavy strike, the mid combat spear is borderline comical.I started having fun with this game after I started making fun of how terrible the gameplay was.  It might be for you, but definately not for me."
76561198149894192,Recommended,302510,31758971,Posted: 14 May,all,JudgeGRIM68,"I personally enjoy this game, having played through it twice on legendary difficulty. The game is more like a movie than a game, and a decent one at that. (It does however borrow heavily from Gladiator, if you've played it, you know what i'm talking about.) The game has great graphics, it just depends on how well your system can run them. Some levels will have camera lag especially in forest levels. Even on my beastly machine, lag is present, but not a major issue, more of an annoyance. The soundtrack is decent, though not on the level of games like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt or Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. The Sounds in game are fitting and help with immersion,  with sounds like shields smashing and swords clanking. THE GAME IS NOT LONG! I have about 13 hours clocked into playing the campaign through twice on the hardest difficulty and I still flew through. I imagine a speedrunner could finish the game in 3 hours or maybe even less! Again it feels more like a movie. It's a good movie, but you should know that going in. Gameplay itself feels like a simplified version of the Arkham system. Press spacebar to block, if you can't block, dodge. Left mouse for sword, right for shield. Executions are fun but can get repetitive. You can also get perks for every execution you perform, although the  only one I find useful is the Health Regain perk. The others seem pointless. To make the game last longer I'd say play through on a lower difficulty first and then play on legendary on a second playthrough. (Not because the game is hard, it's really not, just to make the game last longer and to get more out of it.) If you beat it on legendary right off the bat, the game will probably lose it's value. I'll probably play thorgh once or twice more to get all the trinkets I missed in game, but after that, I'll probably be done with it. Maybe dust it off once in a great while just because it takes so little time and is more like a movie.Overall, I'd say this game is probably around a high 6 out of 10. I could understand if you think it's lower, although I think anything higher is a little too generous. I can't reccomend this for everyone. I reccomend this to those who love Roman history or people who are looking for a hack and slash cinematic experience. If you aren't one of those however I don't think you will enjoy this one. The game is fun enough to warrent a buy, although I reccomend waiting for it to go on sale. I bought it for $7.50 and I'm happy with it for that price. To me $19.99 seems a little high. If you're reading this during a sale and are interested, I'd say go for it. If you enjoy movies like Gladiator, The Eagle, and Centurion, you'll probably like this too."
76561198240022188,Recommended,302510,28747137,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Wolverine,"Brutal, bloody, fun as hell with very good graphics. Game is far much more than traditional button smashing and if you want to slaughter something as a handsome badass character, go for this game."
,Not Recommended,302510,26444666,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BulletMark™,great graphics but pricey for it's lack of content
76561198039002774,Not Recommended,302510,19680565,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Belfur,"The game simply has no soul. You don't believe in story. You don't care about it's heroes. That's why as soon as first ""wow"" effect fades, you can't keep playing it and  it took me 2 hours to realise that.And yes, except some movie-seen ""Roman style elements"", there is nothing Roman in it. From the very beggining I had the feeling one american guy just get dressed like legionary for fun and heeey - during second mission Centurion already screams at you ""Marines, get ready!!"" and then you attend some kind of ancient version of D-day... Pfff. I mean, come on. Roman history is overfilled with real interesting stories. No need to rewrite it.Everything is cheap in Ryse: Son of Rome."
76561198197081733,Recommended,302510,23474993,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,#notmyrodrick,its a good game but theres a weird invisibility glitch where i could only see there weapons
,Recommended,302510,16437154,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,EM_Clayy,At first i wa nervous about getting this game due to some of its negativity with the Xbox One version in the past so i decided to buy it since its on sale and the game is actually alright the graphics.. well they seriously dont impress me at all.The real issue with me is the lousy combat... its so boring and elementry that i just do the same thing over and over again till i knock out the enemy i do not take the combat serious at all i mean its so boring how could i.Its a good game sadly it has silly combat.
,Recommended,302510,23836162,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Osama,excellent graphics short game fun combat good story
76561197977250280,Not Recommended,302510,32535569,Posted: 18 June,all,Tommy Wiseau,The game play feels too modern which I think conflicts with it being set in a time 2000 years ago.The objectives and story are also lackluster.
,Recommended,302510,13012271,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,geotek,"Well optimized/ported game, beautifully crafted and on a gorgeous engine and gameplay and story are satisfying."
76561198309711412,Recommended,302510,33408242,Posted: 9 July,all,b.bixbykclife,its not the most amazing game but it has moments of greatness. pretty basic hack em up game with a very very cinematic twist.
,Recommended,302510,18189291,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,unclepeyj,Enjoyed it. But a little short and gets repetitive. Definitely a buy if on sale!
76561198004022855,Recommended,302510,28850064,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,maldorf,"I would rate this a 7/10 but it could have been higher if the campaign lasted longer. The game would also be better if the multiplayer were still alive but there are no opponents online to fight now it seems. I only got about 10 hours gameplay out of this to beat the campaign and no replayability.The good qualiteis of this game far outwiegh the bad though. The game really plays like an interactive movie with excellent voice acting and cut scenes. The sound during gameplay is superb and the graphics are the best I have ever witnessed. I play my games in chronological order and for a 2014 game this is the best graphics I have ever seen in a video game, period! The animation is smooth and ver high res. I played everything maxed out except super samping was at 1.5x.1.5 instead of 2x2. The lighing effects are stunning. Actual gameplay and combat are very good IMO. You can use a focus power that slows down your comatants and allows you to get in blows very fast. You hit the attack buttons at specific times indicated by colors that flash in the oppoenent and score viscious attacks. The combat is just brutal and you can almost feel it. I got very involved in the hand to hand combat, slicing off limbs and stabbing away. This is a very bloody game so if you dont like violence or bloodshed dont buy it. I myself really got into the vengence side of the game and protecting Rome. This game had no bugs I could tell and only crashed once for me. The graphics engine seems optimized very well for Windows 10.Metro Last Light Redux had great graphics too, just played that before this, but it seemed poorly optimized because I couldnt run supersampling at all because the frame rate was so slow it was in slow motion. I run a GTX 1080 too overclocked and water cooled along with a 6 core I7 CPU. I thought after playing that Metro Game that I wouldnt be able to run super sampling with everything on high but that was proved wrong by this game, Ryse!"
,Recommended,302510,23559617,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Cheese CSGOGem.com,"Has beautiful graphics and some amazingly good cinematic scenes, I also really enjoyed the storyline for this game. One of the most creative I've seen for a while.The combat can get a bit samey but then that is inevitable in any game like this although the executions look amazing when carried out perfectly.Shame the multiplayer is dead, I would have liked to try that out too but overall a very good game."
,Not Recommended,302510,22577506,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,hoi_gr,"Graphics are superb, the acting is great but the dialogue and plot are just horrible, repetitive and comically full of holes and questionable devices. Remember that time when a British warrior princess invaded Rome on a war elephant? I didn’t expect much but the character development and motivations just make no sense and left me uninterested and unimmersed.However where the game really falls flat and scores well below expectations is the fighting and upgrade systems. The battles are so basic and simplistic and boil down to QTE sequences trying to appear like the Assassin Creed or Batman combo/counter systems. The tools at your disposal are very limited and mundane but that doesn’t cause much trouble because the enemy AI and variety is similarly limited making the game a cakewalk….a boring, uneventful cakewalk. The upgrade system is similarly uninventive and pointless basically filled with passive abilities that add absolutely nothing to the gameplay (more health, more XP, more burning eagle – gaming’s worst reward for pulling off combos). The rest of the gameplay is basically walking on a rail from encounter to encounter.Obviously Ryse was never meant to be a “real” gaming experience but a showcase of XBOX1, its visual capabilities and Kinect gimmick (we all know how that turned out). Playing it for the first time now, on a PC, it almost seems unreal this was a full price launch title.Conclusion  ----- 2/5 ------  Buy it on a 90% discount and only if you want to spend 6-7 hours killing the same 5 enemies over and over, in exactly the same way, while the word Rome is repeated so many times that it makes want to delete your “Italy vacation” picture folder."
76561198127714519,Not Recommended,302510,34435469,Posted: 23 August,all,git PESSII gud,"extremely bad menus and options and everything that comes with optimization, especially the graphics menu that toooooootally sucks. It is actually the worst game i've ever owned on steam because of that, if someone went to buy this and play on a low end computer he would not even be able to change the graphics in the menus since the resolutuin is locked and has to be changed through files, this gamein my opinion is the definition of disappointed since the game itself looks very fun. I will ask for a refund at this very moment because in my opinion this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and so is my grammar so excuse me for that lol."
,Not Recommended,302510,32063730,Posted: 30 May,all,surprise✘,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥father!!
,Recommended,302510,26199498,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,asymmetrical csgosell.com,ryse : arkham rome asylumkill balbarians with no  fighting strategy whatsoever for lulzwatch gladiator movie and 300 before finsihing this in one goprosgraphicsgraphicsgraphicsside boobeverything else mediocregot it in sale for 2$ definetly worth it
,Recommended,302510,24238065,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TheRealDC,Nice clean and fun combat system and graphical very pretty to look at. This is nothing revloutionary but a well put together game with an interesting story. A good steam sale pickup for sure.
76561198301214470,Not Recommended,302510,30390494,Posted: 8 March,all,Darth Vap0rz,one of the worst ports i've ever played... not even worth 5$ unless you have a gtx 1080 or something just as good.
,Recommended,302510,25700598,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,wm,The ending is really bad but the game play is fun and executions rock. Better to play PVP.
,Recommended,302510,29804585,Posted: 9 February,all,Danny,"Singleplayer doesnt work once youre sparring with your dad.I beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my dad with my wooden sword and it still wont let me pass.Multiplayer, is starting to get repetitve, it is only 2 humans Vs ai waves.The fighting system is good though.I wouldnt say yes or no to reccomending it but i'll have to pick yes because No would be unfair."
,Recommended,302510,14248170,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,There we go,"Like Rome Total War infight modus :)Brutal as the time has been, nice graphics, hack and slay in it's finest way.Crytek typical graphics, smooth gameplay.For the sale price of 20 bucks definatley worth it to slay some hours.Online/Arena is some additional fun too."
76561198043938050,Not Recommended,302510,29028713,Posted: 5 January,all,Shock_Tart,"i wanted to like this game, i really did. but overall the gameplay is stiff and clunky to say the least. combat is too quick time oriented and basically you just alternate between x and y to power through anything. the enimes are all carbon copies of eachother that the devs didnt even attempt to hide. I will say it is very pretty and cinematic even during gameplay. But the over the shoulder perspective and the camera angles are too stiff and as a result it causes the camera to jolt to weird angles. its poorly optimized for pc and as a result it signifiantly drops the framerate at times. its super linear, very much a go from point A to point B style. i have to say my largest issue with this game (even though its pretty menial) is the fact that you run around with a sheild the entire time but you have no ability to block, only counter and sheild bash. my reccomandation is if you want it. get it on sale, dont waste 20 bucks on it because its way too expensave for a game that results in boring gameplay."
,Recommended,302510,25617447,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kamzukowski,"YES YES YES :) despite the fact that I'm not a fan of action TPP games.9,5/10PROS:- fight and multiple combos- graphic and visualisation of the fight- beautiful landscapes- battles and sieges- great visualisation of celtic warriors and roman warriors- supreme video interludes- embedding game in ancient times- the feeling of being in the middle of battles in ancient Europe- curious story- identification with the hero- customized levels- various weapons- easy controls- PRICE and what you get instead (you can buy the game for 4,99 EUR during sales)- after completing the game you feel hungry for more!CONS:- tutorial could be better (it was easy to miss instructions by accident)- significance of experience (not enough important)- not to bright system of skills- not clear control in ending chapter (you'll see what I mean)- you can end this game in 7-8 hours on the lowest level - too fast"
76561198008150317,Recommended,302510,25625981,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Death_Reaper^_^,"Sorry for reviewing so late.. better late then never(:I definitely recommend this game if you love the rich history of the Great Roman empire then you will be very pleased with this game:D campaign is abit short but satisfying 6-8hrs I wanted more! Great visuals, texture,voice enactment ,etc looking forward to the sequel eventually=]the only default in this game is the combat system is really repetitiveness hardly no skill involved always using  the same buttons is a big flaw. I Believe they have noted this, so looking forward to big improvements and extended length for the Sequel=]"
,Recommended,302510,25469737,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,NitroBucket,Great fighting game. Decent story
,Recommended,302510,25596579,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Farfalle,HOly♥♥♥♥♥♥it´s awesome. 10/10
,Recommended,302510,26673727,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Knife of Dunwall,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Gameplay was just amazing, graphics on high is simply astounding and the story was the best part, very immersive and the environments and atmosphere were so captivating and gives you a sense of those marvellous roman times, though the game was a tad bit too short.Anywho, I'd give it an Overall 9.5/10. A definite MUST play. :)"
,Recommended,302510,25945204,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheSingularity,Good fun. Looks great. Combat can be a little over done at times with the slow motion.
,Recommended,302510,25333016,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Beaudin,"If Guts from Berserk was a Roman, he would probably be Marius, the main character from this game.9 out of 10.Definitely buy during a sale for a gory/violent/bloody good time.The story is short but I never felt a boring moment while playing it.Game ran perfect on a i5 4th gen and a gtx 970 with everything maxed in 1080p."
76561198145079072,Recommended,302510,31533218,Posted: 3 May,all,[TRF] Daishoto,"Ryse: Son of Rome is absolutely beautiful. From a captivating story to beyond average style and mechanics, Ryse will forever reamin one of my all time favourites."
76561198049377222,Recommended,302510,31594607,Posted: 6 May,all,rizeld,"If this game goes on sale, its a definite buy. The single player is well worth it. Multiplayer is kinda dead. But the campaign is worth every hour."
,Recommended,302510,31639422,Posted: 8 May,all,Oscar Juliet,It was well worth the money to play the game. Gameplay is basic but story and visuals is amazing. I'm glad I found out about this game.
,Not Recommended,302510,35114464,Posted: 21 September,all,MrCinimini,"This is the most mind-numbing gaming experience I've ever had. A quintessentially broken combat system, no variety in it either. Unskippable cutscenes - oh you died, let's watch that cutscene again. An upgarde system that is incomprehensible. Underwhelming narrative. The controls can be extremely unresponsive at times. And if you're playing on an average pc, then the graphics are nothing to drool over either. I failed to find it even remotely likeable and after giving it plenty of time to redeem itself, it just felt like I was wasting my life. Uninstalled"
,Not Recommended,302510,14271717,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,brashmunkey,"Ryse is visual eye candy but that's about it. The entire game is on rails with bosses that can be defeated fairly easily once one gets the timing down. Each enemy is the same. There is no variation. The most fun is when you're in formation with the troops and have to use either spears or shield wall to deal with the obstacles but even this becomes boring after a while.Basically, this is the game for the kind of guy who wants a trophy wife.It's visually stunning but there's really not that much beneath the surface.It's short too. Even playing it on the 3rd difficulty setting it took me just a few hours to fly through. Glad I waited for it to be on sale and didn't end up buying it full price."
76561198015824481,Recommended,302510,22386409,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Absynce,"short timespan but worth it, great game"
76561198039754504,Not Recommended,302510,21057066,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TeamTigerAwsum,"Pretty similar to Mordor and Assassins combat wise, but worse"
76561197970487219,Recommended,302510,13512230,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AWPC,"Stunning looking true nextgen graphics on a PC game.Simple hack n slash gameplay but easy to follow story with strong atmosphere.Well worth buying at full price the graphics truly are nextgen not just DX9 with some DX11 FX here its all pure DX11 made possible by Cryengine 3 & the results are truly wonderful at times. The shader & lighting FX are really effective & combine with the simple gameplay to produce a very good looking arcade-action game with healthy dashes of Dark Souls 1+2, Assassins Creed & Shadow Of Mordor."
76561198086833906,Recommended,302510,16609196,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cpt. Fat Belly,Just bought this during steam summer sale. Best $14 I ever spent!! This gave is graphically AMAZING!All around amazing!!  Game play is great! Dont miss this game!!!!
,Not Recommended,302510,20970912,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Saladien,"Gamplay is very repetive early on as the majority of the time the objective is to clear out a certain group of baddies and move on. Visually, the game is great(PBR in 4k at 60fps is jsut great :) ) but that doesn't make the overall product a must purchase. Pick it up when it's on sale. Don't bother paying full price."
,Recommended,302510,28845625,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Emperor Scrub,"good campaign, dead multiplayer"
64352475685687562,Recommended,302510,29036932,Posted: 5 January,all,DAB KING,"Super game ! Very good story and graphics pleasing to the eye,as always . It's Crytek. For the sake of the story is to buy it at a discount. Online lives. Minus only 1 is the very few multiplayer modes."
76561197999555739,Recommended,302510,29402179,Posted: 21 January,all,Pilux,Gorgeous looking game !
,Recommended,302510,22235125,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"Very good game for £3.70, but if this game was £40 id be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i payed that much for an extremly quick game. great story game that last a short while, not worth no more than £5 if that"
76561198009807509,Not Recommended,302510,24149216,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Halcyon,Continuously crashes at specific points in cutscenes. I tried relaunching the game and it crashed 3 times in a row at the same point in the same cutscene early in the game.Unplayable at that point.This has been a problem since 2014 apparently -http://steamcommunity.com/app/302510/discussions/0/619568192743656908/Still hasn't been patched. Not even worth the $5 I bought it for during the summer sale.
,Recommended,302510,20140831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kaiser_Randall,"SHORT BUTVERYFUNThe combat is nice enough as well as the story and extra things like commanding units of romans. However if you're a serious history buff you'll dislike the uber-roman aesthetics, or where/when certain people are. The story does suffer from it being one giant flash back though.The multiplayer is god awful however. No one plays and when you do its very laggy and unbalanced.Its a solid 8/10 single player mode and 2/10 multi player.I recommend however that you buy this game on sale, its true value is about 66% off or so.I got about 6.5 hours of enjoyable gameplay out of it. Beat it in one night.It supports 4k very well, but with my 970 and i5 I had to play it at 2k (2560x1440) for it to be about 45fps.Very few bugs, I noticed only one and a simple re-spawn fixed it, nothing lost.You'll be left loving Marius and many other characters as well."
76561198020144608,Recommended,302510,33427931,Posted: 10 July,all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198061050850,Recommended,302510,34388218,Posted: 20 August,all,Kopi.Imba,7 out of 10Maybe I will write a detailed review later.
76561198416379163,Recommended,302510,35285300,Posted: 29 September,all,_KnightLorenn,Epic.
76561197995420080,Recommended,302510,35232305,Posted: 26 September,all,Assassin,I WANT ANOTHER GAME. MAKE A SECOND GAME PLEASE!! THIS IS EPIC!!!!
,Not Recommended,302510,21600693,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,o|-} Keden,Terrible combat system won't let me progress more than a half hour without utterly frustrating. Somehow raising a shield to defend against a blow from one combatant magically allows the other one swinging at the same time to hit me. Even though both blows went into the shield. Logic is far fetched.Story seems cool.Also no borderless windowed mode. Disappointing.
76561198208143344,Not Recommended,302510,35402202,Posted: 1 October,all,7Hulk7,"There is story mode and gladiator multiplayer mode. The game, in story mode, is very nice. Awesome story and super good graphic. The reason why i disliked the game is because there are ABSOLUTLY NOBODY to play online with. So you get stuck with this game that took you only a few hours to complete. Your money goes in the garbage"
76561198022395043,Recommended,302510,20941723,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,your_breakfast,A good choice if you have a new PC and want to be impressed by its capabilities. Good story. The gameplay lacks in variety.
76561198022237913,Recommended,302510,19497993,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Costa,"Read many reviews about Ryse for the pc. Of course it was good if you has a beastly computer and graphics card. I have a gtx 760 and graphically, it looked inredible even on low settings. I played it on high. Anyway onto my basic 'review'. I dont understand why the game got so much hate!? I loved it so much! The story was interesting, the combat and fighting mechanics were really good and just everything about the game as a whole was excellent. It WAS challenging, especially with the boss fights. The only negative thing, if I can mention it, was that it was quite repetetive, especially the fighting, but what game isnt repetetive nowadays?8/10"
,Recommended,302510,24200913,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,UberBasic,"Great graphics,Great story,I beat the main story in around 4-5 hours, but its a great story for the $5 I got it on sale for.I give it a 10/10I mean you cant not for $5, 5 hours thats $1 a hour, Ill pay that anyday for the amazing graphics and story, combat gets repetitive after a while but the story is kinda short you dont notice it much, havent tried MP yet but, if its not good still 10/10 for how cheap it was during sale :DAlso idk why but its third game this week that said full controller support, but doesnt work with dualshock 4 without a thrid party program.If I had payed $20 though,I would of given it a 7/10 still a great rating and a good game if you missed the summer sale."
,Recommended,302510,18320706,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Obscura Nox,"""What you see is what you get""If you can ignore the fact that the Game at some point feels like a semi-interactive movie, you will notice that it is a GOOD interactive movie. I was fully aware of the amount of QTEs, and because of that it didnt bothered me as much. The Graphics are outstanding, the voice acting is great and the story is - albeit predictable - entertaining enough to keep you playing.I picked it up for around 10 bucks during a sale, and I highly recommend you to do the same. It has little to no replay value, and I finished the Game on Hard Difficulty in 6 hours."
,Not Recommended,302510,25739318,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Suigeneris_,"An absolute bore. Graphically, this is a good showpiece if you're looking for something to put your hardware through it's paces, but that's about all it has going for it... and yet, I played all the way through it for some reason, maybe I'm a glutton for punishment.The combat is extremely repetitive, with the same handful of animations repeating over and over again. The story is OK, but nothing to write home about. You can see the twists coming a mile away, very predictable. I would only recommend this game if it's on sale for less than $10 and you're extremely bored, but even then, there are better options at that price point."
,Recommended,302510,29012935,Posted: 4 January,all,PatsDark,A beat em up that feels like a hollywood blockbuster with very epic moments and sky high production values. Highly recomended.Downsides are a bit shaky optimization here and there and it does get repititive but i don't mind since it's fun and engaging.
76561198058043953,Not Recommended,302510,29761483,Posted: 7 February,all,kandnm115709,"One word of warning, DO NOT play full price for this game. It's fun in it's own way but lacks polish and overall quality in terms of story, gameplay and lore. The main complaint about this game are it's extreme linearity and overused QTE. The game can be finished in one sitting, clocking in about 4 hours worth of play time. The scavenging hunt for collectibles only serves to artificially lengthen the game.Again, DO NOT pay full price for this game. It's not worth it."
76561198051539612,Recommended,302510,24044832,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CaSsErDoDo,"Review :Game has good graphics , some beatiful moments , mediocre story but thats it. Fighting is boring as hell. You are always fighting with same enemies with different skins. Always making same executions and using same tactics and slaying enemies with same weapon. I totaly understand we are playing as a legion but if you are putting some fantastic characters and leaving path of reality , you should give us options at least to use different weapons on different scenes. For this price ( 5$) game deserves to have been bought. If you have free time and looking for some time-killing game , buy it.Tips and Thoughts :Game has some problems regarding vsync option and framerates. Actually game works very good , well optimized but if you want to have good experince you should lock your framerate to 30 or 60 and use vsync. If you don't game always fluctating between 30-60 fps and doesn't look good. You can't play like this. At least before buy this game , learn your pc specs and search on google whether your pc could give fixed 30 fps or not.Crytek has some potential with this game. If they give us different weapons , a purpose to follow , different enemy types , different fighting moves and GOOD CAMERA ANGLES on second game , they can achieve very good sales on day 1."
,Not Recommended,302510,18587000,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Hircus,"Let me get started on what I've seen so far.+Looks pretty cool visually (although it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ relatively+Cool shield formations+Decent level variation aestethic wise (although level variation in terms of design is pretty bland, all levels are built the same, run, fight 3-5 enemies, run, fight off a timed ambush, repeat)Cons:-The fights are repetive-Bland as ♥♥♥♥ story so far-You never notice a difference in upgrades-Boss battles, especially Glott, are absolute cancer because you can't dodge his attacks and HE WILL hurt you. The strategy here is to just quick attack him and run away. You cannot win this boss battle without taking damage.-The plot suckso cocko. Why? Because you get introduced to your family then five minutes later they're dead... and we, the player, are supposed to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about this?-Lack of enemy variation-Some enemies such as the dual-wield sword dude have exploitable tactics, for this guy for example you only need to spam right click until the skull appears-Repetitive as ♥♥♥♥ combat-Controls are clunky as ♥♥♥♥Whoever was responsible for the boss Glott needs to be punished accordingly for his/her crimes against decent ♥♥♥♥ing games. Also my OCD noticed that some of the lighting in interiors came from seemingly nowhere, kind of like vanilla Skyrim. Really rustled my OCD. Why do they place light that comes from the air? Do they think it looks good? I have no idea.The last bit with ""Avenge your father's death"" is also ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ You go in a hallway and you HAVE TO REMEMBER WHICH BUTTONS TO PRESS AT WHICH TIMES. I had to replay it at least 15 times. ♥♥♥♥ing shito burrito"
,Not Recommended,302510,23970464,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Phlave,"While the Ambience is quite cute, it's pretty much the only strenght this game has. I think it's the worse 7€ I ever spent (beside Battlefield 4)-Combatfeels repetitive to the point to which it's almost nauseating. You'll swing the exact same combo from the start of the game to the end; even buying more combos and stuff won't change the feeling of repetitiveness that permeates this game. Same with the boss fights: memorize the attack pattern, counter, strike, repeat. Throw some spears every now and then, activate the spartan rage or whatever. yawn.-Historic valueis absolute hollywood garbage. The Roman protagonist speaks with a british accent and calls everybody ""lad"". I think the developers got a little mixed up thinking about Europe. Italy is that one that looks like a boot, not the huge island to the left. Also I think they got a little confused thinking about the Mongolians, while writing the game. But, again, if it's not Murica, it's the rest of the World, so who cares.-Storyis bland, unoriginal, badly written, boring and corny. It's painfully linear and scripted, mostly narrated via cinematics that if I remember correctly are unskippable, too.-menusare an important part of the game, because you'll spend a lot of time there, upgrading irrelevant stuff, and they feel clunky and awkward. They are badly designed and feel more like an early 2000 flash animation than a menu.That's pretty much all there is to say about this game. It's crap. Don't buy it unless you like garbage."
76561198089988973,Not Recommended,302510,13219201,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,xan,6 Hours of game. Way to short. Way to simple.
,Not Recommended,302510,12457524,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DirtyBlue,"Donno what the hell happened but I stucked at the ""main gate defence"" part. the story wouldnt continue after i killed all the enemies."
76561198041561181,Not Recommended,302510,12464751,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,arnoldj,"Which I never spend the money on it. It's bad, don't buy this game!"
,Recommended,302510,12444461,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ZaGousutosu,"While the story isn't oscar award winning material or gameplay is a bit repetitive, I see it as a fun popcorn flick type of game where you're having mindless fun with the gratuitous gore."
76561198042307347,Recommended,302510,12442440,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Fourtwenty101,"PC Specs:I5 4670k OC to 4.3ghzGTX760 2GB8GB 1866Mhz RamSo far no real issues in game think got stuck once in campaign on a handle because got hit back onto it, but was able to get unstuck when I got knocked back again. Unable to replicate it again. Haven't finished the story played a bit to get the hang of combat for the arena. So far story is ok. Graphics are good.  Everything set to max except supersampling off and upscaling disabled. 1080p. FPS stable at 40-60FPS, slight dips when lots of enemies but still smooth enough and not visually discernable, only notice the dips due to Fraps running to monitor FPS.Coop I'm finding fun, makes me feel like I'm in Gladiator crossed with 300. Would like Voice communication in Coop but can be solved by playing with friends. Matchmaking has been working fine for me no longer than a 2min wait, mostly few seconds for me. Occasional lag spikes depending on who I'm matched with but not anything extreme. Epic executions with 2 players just makes you feel that much more of a team. I like the upgrading of gear too makes it almost RPG'ish in getting your optimal gear set due to some have positive and negative stats.I'd recommend the game but might be biased because I like Gladiator, 300 etc. In the long run won't be a game that will keep you going like an MMO or an ARPF but I can see it being fun enough to come back to the arena to get a few rounds in."
76561198043867408,Recommended,302510,12474132,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Pizza Is Aggressive,"WARNING: This review is biased due to complete loving of the God of War series, which is similar in combat.The roar of the crowd in the arena is all I needed to hear to buy this game. My DREAM of being an admired gladiator, this game is basically God of War in a more realistic fashion. 43.8 hours in since release, just 3 days ago, still not bored of the arena.Yeah the story is eh, but if endless blood is something you desire then you shall have your fill with this game. I can't get enough of it.The fun is in the coop modes, solo arena isn't a challenge. I hope at least some players stick around for survival, as it's where the thrill of multiplayer is at.Can also stab someone through the neck and the texture actually shows the rip in the flesh.10/10"
76561198066705517,Recommended,302510,12445886,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Imported,I've played about 5-6 hours in the game now and my game freezes at the exact same location everytime i try it again. I just pulled off my troops from the bridge and is supposed to head back to the docks and then something hits a pelar and when the pelar smashes to the ground my game get stuck... Any ideas how to get passed it? :/
,Recommended,302510,20109005,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ratex :f,Feels like beeing that guy from 300 who f*cks the hot chick in the second movie. Sadly u can´t♥♥♥♥♥her in that game 8/10
,Recommended,302510,12443273,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Locutus,"Personally, I've got nothing but good things to say about this game.Well.Mostly.The Aquila sails made me /rage, but other than that, I've found it pretty damn enjoyable.Of course, I've also been obsessed with Roman games (of which there aren't enough) since Rome Total War (the first one);So for me, it's a bit about being able to be on the ground level of the campaigns I run in Rome 2. Even if they're totally unrelated."
,Recommended,302510,12443756,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Geralt,"For prospective buyers of this... I can not stress the below sentence enough (it also kind of serves as a TL:DR version of my review):***Do NOT think of this as a GAME. It is an INTERACTIVE MOVIE .***Anyone that remembers a VERY old game named burn cycle (back when CD drives were JUST coming out on the market for home PC's)... this is very similar to it except it is pieced together into a solidly alternating flow from action sequence to cut scene and back.  So if you don't like long cut scenes or very linear games/stories in nature... you will most likely NOT like this one.My 2 cents after waiting for 3 weeks or so for it to come out and getting 2.5 hours of game play...Pros1. The game has good quality cut scenes.  The scenes, while still looking like animation seem to have a fairly life-like quality to them and do not vary in terms of quality from the playable portions of the game. (Cut scene as I am using it:  sections of the game where you are only capable of watching.)2. The movement in combat looks believable (if hollywood fights are what you consider real).  The different moves, while reptitious, blend well from one to the next and the movement of the characters are fairly realistic. Combat itself when fighting 2 or 3 opponents moves quickly and fluidly for the most part (or would I believe - see con #1 for an explanation)3. The 'executions' (finishing moves).  They are brutal, sometimes bloody, and well animated. you can do single or double 'executions'. It took a few tries to get strike timing down to get Legendary hits, but once i got it.. XP just flowed in from chaining executions.4. The story feels fairly solid and nominally interesting so far (up to chapter 3) but does seem to suffer from the normal issues... predictable, linear, etc.5. Use of unit formations and command.  Although, so far, you can only do specific actions for that particular one. For example, you can lock shields to defend against arrows in 1 instance or advance on a location and nothing else, in another you can advance, lock shields, or issue commands to have your men throw their pilum in another.Cons1. My machine is 7 years old (8 at the end of this month) so it could be that the mice on the wheels are just too tired to keep up... but... I get a lot of lag, stutters, and quick 2 to 3 second lock ups during fighting scenes where there are large quantities of things going on (mulitple enemies, soldier allies, archery, catapult bombardment fire all going on at once). It made it really hard to get 'perfect' timing on many of my basic attacks and almost impossible to get executions at times.2. Control scheme is adjustable as control templates.  No keybinding for complete customization. 1 lumps the majority of the actions on 3-4 buttons, the other seems to favor using the whole keyboard as inefficiently as possible.3. It seems there's quite a few spots where the floors don't match up and more than once i've had to restart the game to get myself back up to ground level.4. Seems like it'll be a short play through. Possibly in the 8-10 hour range. So, a good day killer and not much else.5. So far, only 2 enemy types.  I generic squishy barbarian that uses an axe that has several skins so there is a minimal variety in appearance (archer based enemies fall into this category because when you get close enough.. the axes come out). Then there is an axe and shield wielding brute that is - once again - varied with several different shield  appearances, but nothing else.6. Enemy AI has 1 tactic. Surround and alternate taking turns attacking the hero (hollywood bad guy syndrome). It makes combat kind of ho-hum.  Pick an enemy and attack, they surround you.  Keep beating on your favorite punching bag and wait until one of the others runs at you. Block and beat on your new target until the next guy charges.  Rinse and repeat and start flinging executions out when the skulls appear.7. The nature of it being an interactive movie, I think, will probably kill any aspect of replayability.  A '1 and done' type of game."
,Recommended,302510,12441119,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,"We all knew what to expect from gameplay, tho i find it fun unlike most people.Graphics are AMAZING and the single player has a very good Campaign.Multipayer Co-op is a litle bit limited tho i like how it performs, and also, the gladiators idea was fu*ing cool.In total i rate 9/10"
76561198021872483,Not Recommended,302510,26074481,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ackara,"Over All:Suprising gem which could have had better success with more advertisement. Not sure if it was made for console platform. I would recommend it on console, mouse and keyboard not necessary.PRO:Graphics is very beautiful.Timing intensive action game with right amount of difficulty for fun play.CON:Graphic stutters too much with lack of support. Too many people have the issue with no fix in sight. Would have made my enjoyment of this game by 100%. This is just too much of issue that I can not recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,302510,15747772,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Blackthorne87,Ryse: Son of Rome is awesome! Because beautiful graphic almost like than XboxOne. you use play third person. Story lines is good it make me feel comfortable and understood about he have revenge for find out who killed his family. Gladatior Solo and mutliplayer is good enjoy fight in battle killing time Its fun! In my opinion review 9/10 Awesome game!
76561198007753050,Not Recommended,302510,28610072,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,andreas,Very pretty but the gameplay is laughably shallow and the story silly even by video game standards.
,Not Recommended,302510,22144318,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Aleks Peh,"I clearly cannot recommend this game.Pros- NoneNeutral- Graphics- Music/Sound- Story- Checkpoints (no manual save options)- Historical setting (Roman times)Cons- No custom key bindings possible, you can only choose from preset layouts. Unfortunately, all layouts are pretty weird. Press/hold F to run? Srsly?- You cannot skip cutscenes. That's super funny and comes in really handy when you die somewhere between a cutscene and the next checkpoint. Watching the cutscene again and again. You kidding?- The combat system is so boring, it lacks overall variation and really requires more weapons with different stats. It's just the same, over and over again.- Fully linear, non-interactive and non-innovative level/world design. It's just go this way, hack and slash all enemies, go this way, pick up boring collectibles, go this way, open door, go this way, pull lever. Alternative routes? Destructible objects? No, Sir! It's just plain boring.Ryse: Son of Rome only deserves a disappointing 3/10. Fortunately, the game only cost me EUR 5.00 on Steam Sale."
76561198073325509,Not Recommended,302510,29655544,Posted: 2 February,all,HumdrumKnickers,Bad port. Had a glitch at the first door. Developer website said to reload. BSOD on 3rd level. Not worth messing with any more.Could be a good game but not worth purchase since it needs some dev TLC and probably never will get it.
,Not Recommended,302510,23143917,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,babbloo patta futbaaal,Foock the king
76561198003810124,Recommended,302510,12441258,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sneaky,"Very impressive. Love the storyline thus far, and the combat is awesome too. It's rare that this old gamer finds something that just wows him. So I took a few moments to announce it.This game is great, it has everything any adult would enjoy."
,Not Recommended,302510,27112359,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ĹǬŘĐ ǬƑ ἎŞǤÃŘĐ,lag with gtx 1070
76561198053552710,Recommended,302510,19585365,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,YES !
76561198022940536,Recommended,302510,13186727,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Luckiernut,"A very underated game... great roman story, great graphics, very immerive. High quality animations, voice acting and lots of attention to detail. Its a very linear game and thats a good thing, the focus is on the story here which is very well told. The combat itself is very responsive and theres a focus on timing attacks, there is a lot of samey quick time events in combat but overall its forgivable. There is also a form of multiplayer you can take part in if you enjoy the combat but dont necessarily want to go through the campaign multiple times."
,Not Recommended,302510,26208900,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bot_jonah,"Best unplayable game that I own.If it were not for the total garbage port, this game would be amazing. The combat is just about perfect and the graphics are gorgeous. It's a real shame that no matter what settings you play it on, the game just won't run properly. For some reason, I was able to play the intro with no issues above 90fps. As I began going through the tutorials, the framerate began dropping to the point of it being a flip-book. I spent hours reading guides and adjusting settings (in and out of the game). There was nothing I could do to make it playable (FX 8350, 16gb RAM, GTX 970, installed on SSD). I really tried hard with this one and even tried to keep playing with sub 20fps (on lowest settings) but it was just impossible. I really hope this gets fixed one day, but I know that will never happened.I'm very glad I only spent $5 on this during the Summer Sale. I will for sure pick up a used copy if I somehow ever end up with an XBONE."
76561198101652734,Recommended,302510,23746804,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
,Not Recommended,302510,21633305,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Turtle ☭,It's fairly schlecht.
76561198016826091,Not Recommended,302510,18153748,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,rush,"Hack and slash, repetitive. Only decent thing about the game are the graphics. Didn't take me more than 10 minutes to realize I will not enjoy the game. I would save my money."
76561198047463694,Not Recommended,302510,19933313,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,McGillicutti,"I paid $6.79 for the graphics that I'll never get to see passed the tutorial.Notice to Developers: When you say for ""difficulty"" settings it's so that we who enjoy stories can enjoy the story elements of the game, then, less mobs, less hp in them, and double the character's power.Oh elitest hindquarter kissing Devs please stop ripping people off. The price I paid is too much for the beginning of the game, and, apparently you'd rather all the people who are impressed by your graphics and video promotions just stop buying games entirely.But hey, you guys don't believe in industry so apparently it shows in your work, that you allow the testers who, anythingless than entirely difficult is easy to, define what easy means. Think about that: How can a person who really doesn't care about the story or those who don't play for the story be the one whose game play should define the game for those who play for the story?It's okay, you ripped us off kiss your partner and your children laughing all the way to the bank, I get it, you're just thieves, you and Steam.If you ever patch this game try making the adjustments I just described above, you'll be amazed how your ""story mode"" attracts a whole bunch more players and those disgruntled like me will be happy we can play further through the campaign and maybe even finish it, instead of feeling ripped off, remembering the name of your company, names of the Devs in the Credits, and deciding never to buy anything by you again. Just look at NCSoft and you get the idea what happens to companies who make a career out of listening to the wrong people in designing their games.Oh, and anyone thinking I am being insulting, mean, cruel etc., remember I bought the game and we're exchanging money that these people get paid by to buy cars, pay for their homes, etc., money I could use for the same thing but due to paying out on games with no refund and where the developers cater solely to players much greater than me, I am ripped off. So until Devs can figure out how not to rip us off, viva la difference, we paid for the right to say what we want about the game. Hope this generation of ""challenge means being beaten to death if you're not an elitist"" Developers quits destroying the gaming industry, an industry that is the source of computer innovation, not by game difficulties but by people wanting better performing computers. That's the ramifications of incompetence from listening to the wrong people, a domino effect starting with no longer buying games to not needing to upgrade my computer since I am no longer playing games that require that kind of horsepower. But Forrest Gump has made it clear: stupid is as stupid does.Don't care who doesn't appreciate what I said here since single player gamer money remains top dog and if these businesses want that to stop then hey who are we to argue.Later....I finally got out of tutorial but i am at the part after the tower, where you have to take out the catapult and the archers who get to hide behind something and hit you while you aim make you fail. Thanks so much for so many archers and the 2 who take turns hiding the moment you aim at them and the other pops up and klills you.  That part about stupid is as stupid does is clearly the point to ""easy"" mode like this. What we need is for you to have to do puzzles like this to get your pay sent to the bank, and if you fail, you get nothing, sure you can try over and over but, once you're frustrated enough to say to the boss ""Do we really need to do this? I already did my job,"" it'll maybe ding to you that paying the money for the game is me doing my job, and your making it impossible to see the story you have in this game because someone has a problem with people getting to actually play the game is that level of ""stupid is as stupid does"" that only makes us wish you had to do the same to get your pay in your bank account, to do a new puzzle, some ""clever"" player designed challenge that denies you your pay until you pass it.  I wonder how long before you rage quit and get a different job, more pay for less work is probably the goal right? So what makes you think the rest of us want your idea of difficulty foisted on us for easy mode? I don't care about your stupid idea of challenge, I just wanna get through and see more of the game's visuals. At $6.79 and a metacritic rating of 61 out of 100, it's clear you haven't a clue beyond what you want to do, not thinking for even a second, ""Hey what if the players don't like it?"" Thus the ""stupid"" part of ""stupid"" revealed for all to see.Another game I bought to just play to a point and not play any further because the Developers never thought about anyone but 1% of the players, ignoring the 99%, as per usual.Later still.....I can't even damage Boudica, I can't defend myself from her attacks, I can't advance in the game passed this, and why? A: Devs who design for elitists, no one else, that's why. I want you to think what you'd do oh precious idiot Devs if Boudica was what stood between you and getting in your car, or entering your home, or using you remote on your television. Oh you say that's ridiculous? Well, you just want to go on with whatever you want to do, drive your car, enter your home, turn the TV on, heck they should put something like this to stop you from using your computer, your ipad, your phone as well, until you get the message: There's a story, I want to move on and enjoy the story, not be stuck with an unfinished story because you Devs were too stupid to think my paying for your product and picking easy mode means I want it more difficult than when you get in your car, enter your home, use your devices. Idiot Devs, that's the situation we have, the Starforge, the dying Space Engineers, the Kinetic Voids, etc., and it is this arrogance that you design for the 1% of players that makes game sales fall, makes the next game not sell well, makes an industry fail. Proud Devs, enjoy the investor money you knowingly stole because you don't even have a clue about the variety of gamers, just that 1% you are. But it's an old adage: Ignorance (in the most literal sense of the term) is bliss.In looking for a solution...Devs, I am sharing a video for 2 reasons:1) The video is a completely different setting and everything than where I am fighting Boudica, and no idea why. I crossed the river supposed to kidnap her and her father, killed everything, was told to finish off the rest and am facing Boudica. No idea why it's completely different place etc.2) 50% of the comments are in complete agreement with what I've said above. So you can understand that you've either ticked off and/or chased away 50% of your potential market as a game company by making even easy mode against Boudica so hard that people are rage mad,http://youtu.be/E-g_YUWaBDo.I am sure you don't care because if you did it wouldn't be like this in the first place, but I figure you should know when your future games don't sell that this is why, that is if you want to know why instead of think another clever idea listening to the 1% will make things work, only to learn again it doesnt, but in pure insanity just do the same stupid thing over and over again, and that's why we won't buy your next game. Pretty simple isn't it!"
,Recommended,302510,24013691,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,knar-d.,เกมแอ๊คชั่นสมจริงที่ทำออกมาได้ดีมาก ได้อารมณ์ เนื้อเรื่องดี อินมากเสือกจบไว
,Not Recommended,302510,24013880,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Victrix ⚔,"Nooooooo  You cant remap controls, but even worse ... cant invert mouse Y Axis !!defs a controller game =("
76561198141186929,Not Recommended,302510,24036624,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Clawthorne,"You know it's bad when you debate whether or not the game was worth $5... The combat is repetitive, the controls on PC are a mess unless you're using an XBOX controller (the game doesn't let you map your own buttons), and the combat is often glitchy and erratic. I will admit, the first 10-15min of gameplay looked great but by the time I finished the game I could not wait for it to be over. I swear the developers found a way to use the same 5 enemy character models throughout the entire game. Please do yourself a huge favor and don't waste your time on this game, the payout is meager."
,Not Recommended,302510,31700747,Posted: 12 May,all,Blacky,Its Sad This game could be very good and funbut the optimization sucks.5/10
,Recommended,302510,28479751,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Scipio,"A fascinating film!9/10Wut??It's a game????!4.5/10 sorry, dude0 for gameplay"
76561198060757193,Recommended,302510,29260655,Posted: 14 January,all,0ce$ha,combovoker
76561198022195242,Recommended,302510,19438596,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Good ol' gamer@,Ryse son of Rome it's a fantanstic game with breaththaking graphics and brutal fighting gameplay.Why is this game only 61 on metacritics it's beyond me in my opion it deserves much higher score.It's the best sword game I have ever played and the story in fully captivating.Keep in mind that its rather large gamewith around 26gig of data so just get prepared for it. There a lot of nice perks in this game at first I had struggle  a bit with all of types of executions and charcter's personal details.Combat mechanics are a bit complicated at first but with time you realise that you can evade block or bash your opponents.During the executions your foes will flash yellow or blue at this point you should use the sword or use you shield to bash the enemy. I never manage to do that correctly untill the very last fight were you just have to to perfrom these perfectly to survive.While I was playing this game I couldn't stop thinking that it feels more like an epic mini series about ROME rather than just a game.I would defintly recommend this game for other it's a 9/10 score from me.Thanks very much and enjoy the game.
,Not Recommended,302510,14723689,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,R3volve,"Graphics are stunning.Everything else is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥Controls are horrid.The ""third person"" camera is constantly shoved up the main characters♥♥♥♥♥The combat mechanics are probably the worst I have ever seen in a AAA game.Utterly uninspired.I managed to get through it because I have an ultrawide monitor. On a regular 16:9 I couldnt get though the first mission. It  gave me immense simulation sickness because the camera is so bad.I recommend torrenting this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not worth paying for.Just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port."
,Not Recommended,302510,16542033,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GreenBeetle,"Ok, so is that it? Is this the future of beat 'em up/ hack n' slash games inherited by the post-God of War generation? What a drawback. The graphics, the sound FX and the animations are superb... But the combos don't feel rewarding, the difficulty ain't challenging, the game is very linear and present you with no choices at all... The camera is glitchy and sometimes it repositions itself on its own after an execution scene. The game lacks enemy models, you're gonna picture yourself fighting against familiar faces all the time, sometimes a whole wave of foes is composed of clones, hahaha. The multiplayer is only co-op for two players and looks destined to die away soon, so the single player campaing is all you got. Cheesus... Ain't worthy the full price, I've got it at 50% because of Summer Sale and still feel robbed. Also, the game fills 25 Gb of disk space. So much space for an average game. Overall, its so-so, I'd give it a 5.5/10 thus I can't really recommend it."
,Recommended,302510,23663916,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,CHADZ,Game yang keren. Hampir mirip assassin creed
,Not Recommended,302510,34965434,Posted: 14 September,all,CarlWayGF,Why can't i set the texture to low?
76561198059340758,Recommended,302510,19976705,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cyklope,"Really excellent gamePros- Awesome graphics, extremely detailed and realistic- Excellent storyboard, lot of rythm- Immersive story- Nice gameplay, easy to understand- Well-balanced difficultyCons- Rather short campaign, quick to complete but multiplayer and arena mode are also availables- Sometimes nasty in-game tutorials- May be better to play hard level after a couple of hours- Can be a bit goreA game that one can get without fearing to be disappointed at all, either you like fight/action or role-playing games"
76561198024599399,Recommended,302510,20530636,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Baron,"This game manages to capture the true epic feeling of Roman military, seamlessly weaving between being one of the most highly trained killers of an era to commanding legions in an engaging front line experience. I think one noticable key to how epic it feels is that all of the bosses and characters are very human, and have no special powers beyond being genuine badasses. I'd like to see that concept in more games.Actual combat is interactive and feels a bit like Shadow of Mordor and the Batman games, but the commander style gameplay is unlike anything out there and very fun. Graphics are beautiful, storyline is rich and immersive with solid voice acting. I'd say this game is worth about 30-40 dollars.Cons:Regular combat gets slightly monotonous after you get used to being entertained by all the interactive fatalities.The graphics are intensive on computer systems and can overheating on older hardware."
76561198071366908,Not Recommended,302510,33192550,Posted: 3 July,all,v5MyStiiX,the worst game ive ever played such a cliche story and repetitive gameplay if youve played the first 5 minutes youve played the whole game
,Not Recommended,302510,19051676,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,TheRevolution,"Pretty disapointed in this game to be honest, Waited till it was on sale as it was pretty pricey to begin with & I am really wary of steam games now. And my intuition was right with this one.Apart from being visually attractive the game is very linere and hollow.I gave it an hour as to ne honest i wasn't going to spend one more minute on it.Story line felt cheesey for the era, fighting is one tracked & clupmy movement.I was hoping this was going to be like an old game i played on ps2, Spartan total warrior.. not even a patch on it"
,Recommended,302510,29624405,Posted: 1 February,all,kafkasmurat,"You'Ll see a soldiers life, Roman life, a tragedy, a competition and so many action. Worth every dollar!"
,Not Recommended,302510,23778382,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chryselephantine,"Basically a badly written Xbox ONE showcase port that basically rips off the Omaha Beach scene from Saving Private Ryan that somehow is set in some make-believe ancient world that can't possibly be planet Earth.Pro:-Graphics is good, but jittery due to it being a console port.-Nice actionCon:-Quick Time Events.-Narrow path-based gameplay.-Most of the game is scripted with cutscenes.-repetitive button mashing.-The writers threw all history books out the window. They did not give a shιt about accuracy. Just explosions, explosions and more explosions......before gunpowder was invented."
76561198026280814,Recommended,302510,26173939,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Phellgod,"Specs: I7 6700K, 16g ram , Asus Stryx GTX 1070, Steam on hddGame is running pretty well but there is some bugs like sometimes the arrow indicator stay on the screen even if all of the archer are dead and the enemies can stack on themselves so even if you parry one attack the others will hit you.I did find the combat in general easy but entertaining.Single player story is great but the reason i bought it is for the multiplayer. You can play co-op online with a friend or a stranger and you can play solo too. There is customization and you got a lot of options: there is 6 tier of equipment and there is around 20 pieces in each category and in each tier: Helmet, Shoulder/chest, waist, shoes, shield and sword. You unlock each tier by increasing your ranks which you gain by killing the barbarians in multi and is my memory is good the tier 1 unlock at 5, tier 2 at 20 tier 3 at 40, tier 4 at 55, tier 5 at 90 and tier 6 at 120.Sadly there is only the sword/shield as weapons, no two sword fighting or spear/shield.All and all this game is good."
,Not Recommended,302510,23763040,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lightning,"First time for everything,First time I had serious issues running a pc game with technical issues. Sorry it had to be this one. Game looks promising."
76561198203334642,Not Recommended,302510,22860087,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,IzanagiXZ,"My specs: i5-2500k, GTX 970, 16 GB DDR3 ramPros:- Story is average- Scale of game is epic, lots of stuff happening around the battlefields and backgrounds- Graphics look stunning and amazing- QTE executions are brutal and look awesomeCons:- Game is terribly optimized, after you get to the forest area the fps jumps all over the place, regardless if my GPU or CPU are OCd or at stock settings and lowering graphical settings didn't change anything- Combat will get repetative very quickly- Leveling system is bland- Game is very shortThis game looks great but is probably worth a single playthrough, definetly nothing worth above €5, Most of all it is in great need of optimization. Even Batman Arkham Knight runs better than this game, Sorry but cannot recommend."
,Recommended,302510,19864281,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Scipio💯,walk into arenabest legionary in all of romasentitbonvm.marblestatuehorns sovndgavls everywhereslay XXI gavlsin return get pants as rewardareyou♥♥♥♥ingseriovs.mosaicI/X
76561198074668338,Not Recommended,302510,24389114,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jesus,buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197980714796,Not Recommended,302510,24621624,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,chrisMKrivera,"Do not get this game if you have a GTX970For whatever reason this game doesn't work well (that's an understatement) with 970's. I've searched online and it seems that 970s are pretty much the only card that this messes with, but it's still frustrating considering it's a pretty popular card. The GPU usage goes from 98%-30% for no particular reason which in turn makes the game unplayable since the framerate goes from 60fps to about 5. I've looked online and have tried pretty much every fix people have used, but nothing has been able to get rid of the aweful stuttering that I get while playing this game.Some levels are affected worse than others and it's a shame - in the rare instances that the game performs normally, it's pretty darn fun and looks fantastic. The only problem is that it turns into a slide show whenever the camera is panned, during most executions, when things seeem to be loading and then just randomly.I've spent almost as much time playing this game as I have troubleshooting it. Considering I can run games like DOOM and Witcher 3 at pretty much max settings and get great framerates has me thinking this is on Crytek for trying to port an Xbox One game in a quick and sloppy fashion. I understand this game was originally designed to run on AMD hardware, but c'mon guys, this is really bad.Thankfully I didn't pay much to get this game, but like the first line said, if you have a 970 don't waste your time. The stutters are bad enough to negatively affect the gameplay and completely take you out of the world."
,Not Recommended,302510,24470585,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ViolentColor,"OVERALL - 6.5/10Ugh, it was just a bit heart breaking to not be able to give this game a really high score, as it seemed like I had come across a hidden jewel when I first started playing it. I felt that maybe Ryse was just an underrated game that fell under the radar during the launch of the Xbox One, and the PC release just didn't do anything to help push it back up. Unfortunately that just wasn't the case here, and the game was too inconsistent to deliver a quality product. I think the best way to think of this game is to compare it to a cake, but half the ingredients were wrong and the cake ends up having a funky taste. Maybe the cake doesn't taste bad per se, and you definitely get a strong sense of the good ingredients baked in, but either way you know it wasn't delicious.Link to full review:http://www.violentcolor.com/reviewcontent/2016/6/11/ryse-son-of-rome-review"
76561198258156069,Recommended,302510,24022152,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,戚继光,Addictive. Nice graphic.
,Not Recommended,302510,14256438,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Untamed Caviar,"5 hours of gameplay, a somewhat lazy PC port, and a redundant online mode make this game scarcely worth the 50% off sale price of 20$, let alone the full price.I suppose its Batman-esque fighting mechanics were fun, but that's damning the title with faint praise, since everything else was confusing, dull, or unintentionally hilarious.Just buy Arkham Asylym or Arkham City instead. There's more content, the gameplay's better, and the story/characters aren't utter♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198059892603,Not Recommended,302510,14251135,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cavernman,"Graphics are nice and all.The game itself is shallow and NOT fun.Could barely get through the beginning.Keep in mind I own actually fun games too.So if you don't own fun games already, you might enjoy this for a couple of hours."
,Recommended,302510,25522022,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,oRunaljod,"Crazy graphics! story is intriguing, bored of campaign? Play colosseum with a friend and choose from 3 different modes and fight on more than 30+ arena's. earn gold and buy upgrades or 100+ different set pieces ranging from tiers 1 - 6! 8.5/10"
76561198007020521,Not Recommended,302510,16995157,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Steviefaux,Don't buy
,Not Recommended,302510,22147770,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BeefCakes,"I played about 30 min of it and gave up. The dialogue didn't work, neither did the subtitles. The game was already to repetitive and boring for me to even think about them keeping my money. 11/10 would lip read again."
76561198050530534,Not Recommended,302510,18012250,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,pelisaari,+ OK battle system-Stupid characters- Idiotic plot- Overly simplified gameplay- Buggy
76561198147963209,Recommended,302510,32587628,Posted: 20 June,all,yellow$$gangsta,Somthing Something original joke hereGreat Grpahics +Awesome GamPley +InCreDible Story +Awesome Plot lines +Conz -Predicatibel Plot lines -Port Fps -Too simple -♥♥♥♥♥♥- +
76561197995745513,Not Recommended,302510,16381306,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kinkki,Game looks very nice but its extremely short. You can complete your single campain in 6 hours. Multiplayer don't offer much value to this game.
,Recommended,302510,24770097,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Apparently Kid,"This game feels like the launch game for a new console. It looks amazing, and has some great combat with some tactical depth. The problem is the game is super repetitive. You do the exact same thing from the first level to the last, with no changes, no new wrinkles. There's 3 types of things you do, turret section, marching forward in a line, and fighting. The executions are awesome, but theres only so many, and after your 300th time seeing the same ones, they lose their lustor. You venture to different places, but they pretty much all feel the same, especially because of how linear the game is. The upgrade system really isnt one, as you just upgrade focus and health, and usually in small incremental bits that don't make much of a difference at a time. There is multiplayer, but its just an arena and theres nobody else playing. The game's somewhat short, but honestly I was already kind of sick of doing the same things it didn't warrant longer playtime. The story isn't bad. It's not a bad game, but could use more variety and depth.7/10."
,Recommended,302510,29762595,Posted: 7 February,all,DDS_avesta,Awesome graphics awesome gameplay. Awesome company so. Why not
76561198070707143,Not Recommended,302510,25389455,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LordOfFremont16,"Full game price for nearly no game at all. Thanks for the good looking graphics, too bad there isn't much else to add as a positive to to the game. Story is boring and short (obviously), gameplay is literally made up of almost completely quick-time events. Its games like this and The Order, that give AAA developers the bad name they sometimes do deserve."
,Not Recommended,302510,25376254,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Beareaucracy,"Ryse is pretty to look at, and for the first few hours it's pretty fun as well. Unfortunately for it it soon becomes incredibily repetetive. This is driven home towards the end of the game when you are forced into a boring boss fight where you whittle health down ever so slowly, and then you're forced to do it again. And a third time. The fight doesn't change much at all during these three repeats, the game just felt you should beat the boss three times. The final boss? It does this again, although thankfully only twice. Do yourself a favor and quit after the first 2-3 hours if you do buy this game. After that you've seen everything the campaign has to offer."
76561197982012366,Not Recommended,302510,15817349,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,PsycoHayko,I already knew this game sucked but I bought it anyways for the sake of the graphics and atmosphere. It turns out that  I wasted my money because the gameplay is SO boring and repetitive that I found it impossible to play  through it. I highly advise against this horrible game.
76561198113546179,Not Recommended,302510,13712304,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PICOLAS CAGE,ryse son of rome is a good game but only on xboxone. beacuase for me it is very lagy so... screw dat♥♥♥♥♥♥and DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,302510,15821914,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Frosty,"I wont lie, this game is amazing.However it has it's flaws,I have a 16gb RAM computer Quad Core with a 2 GB graphics card.The RECCOMENDED specifications are: 4gb RAM, Dual Core, 2GB graphics care.I meet the reccomended requiremnets however I expirence a high amount of sutters within the game.I have the quality on the lowest setting yet it still stutters.This game has an AMAZING story but its a terrible game when it's unplayable.This is the only reason why I am saying ""no"""
,Not Recommended,302510,16716578,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TheSexualHarassmentPanda,Sluggish and repitive combat with no skill level required1.)a good story line2.)poorly optimised for pcnot reccomend for the a full price buy
76561198107035253,Not Recommended,302510,28852374,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,"""iNViNCiblezX",freeze alway boring all the way...
,Not Recommended,302510,21035303,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Whutrick the Painter,bad combat
,Not Recommended,302510,20142502,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DeanFortress2,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a combat based adventure game. I cannot recommend it. I did not even get through the full prologue of the game. The pros and cons of my experience was:Pros:Good graphics-Attention to detail in all environments, lots of variation even in tutorial-Reflection of armour and water are well doneCombat-Buttons work as they should, never interruped or unresponsive. Block always blocks.-Animation is seamless, character seems tied to actions and fluid, no instant change in pose.Cons:Camera is unpredictable-Certain spots in a level will switch to different camera angles, causing disorientation and confusionCombat is unbalanced-It is a grind to level up your charachter and earn enough points until you can complete the next stage. Makes it feel like an XP collection game.Upgrade menu is confusing-Its menu pages are confusingly mixed between multiplayer, options and single player. Mashing B will not get you out of menu.Upgrades are boring and forced-Most upgrades are based on earning new random finishing moves, It does not unlock new skill-based abilities.-Because of the exponential cost of upgrades there is no strategy in prioritizing them. You buy what is affordable. First is 1000, next is 10,000Combat is repetitive-They attempt to change things up with varied finishing moves, but it is more of a chore.I didn't like it very much.-Nothing about the story or the gameplay grabbed me.The graphics are good and the combat is responsive. Regardless, I found it repetitive and boring in story, upgrades and gameplay. Try it if you want on heavy sale, but skip otherwise."
,Recommended,302510,22170852,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,J.C Denton.,"damn solid gameget it while its still 5 dollars or get it on ""jew2a"""
,Not Recommended,302510,28123427,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,|NM| Zombie Bacon,"This is not the worst game I've ever played but there are issues that are just really unacceptable in a modern game like this.  It is completely on rails, no choice at all, the story is already set and all meaningful decisions are out of your control.  Not so much as an A or B decision which honestly is not ok in any story driven game anymore, ever.  It actually does a decent job of pulling you in to care about the story which is where it goes wrong because your thoughts or feelings about what happens do not matter.  You are along for the ride.  The ending is also a dissapointment and a bit predictable.  There are better games, don't bother.On a mechanical note, the combat is a bit of whack a mole, timing based on color.  This can actuallty be somewhat fun during the cinematic fatalities but then you get to the boss fights which are REALLY boring.  You have all this super combat ability and then on a boss you can't use any of it.  Boss fights amount to block or dodge, swing 2 times, repeat, until their health is gone.  Huge let down compared to the rest of the combat in the game and extremely tedious."
,Recommended,302510,28311213,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,*☭RiotHyena☭*,nice story
76561198275153413,Not Recommended,302510,28907872,Posted: 1 January,all,jalrowaiei,The controls are bad and the game is very repetitive.Avoid this game.
,Recommended,302510,22137057,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Hunter,"I love this game, sure being a lover of greek and roman stuff the pure mixture of quick-time events in the counter combat and the combat itself it amazing it isn't every day that you'll come across a game as well made as this, the game is quite short but it is very pretty I recommend picking up this game on sale no more than $15, but just bare in mind that it isn't like GTA or anything it is a modern take of a Roman centurian named Marias who takes revenge on the monsters that killed his family and the best part you can arm and be your own gladiator and you can play with the nano suite from Crisis 3"
76561198166011767,Not Recommended,302510,33196995,Posted: 3 July,all,Bones,Terrible modification. Still lagging on 60FPS
,Recommended,302510,28708849,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"Best deal I got on the 2016 Steam Winter Sale! Rounded up my game collection to 800 with this one.If you like Sleeping Dog's style fighting and you like Roman themes, you will love this game.Gore, blood, missing limbs, sword play, good story.It's a bit CPU intensive, so be warned. I have an older Intel I-5 760 2.8ghz and can play it at 65FPS on LOW graphics settings at 1920x1080 res but do get a few hickups now and then.I'm running a GTX960 4GB OC and 16GB of ram, but wish I had a better CPU to push it a bit more, but still runs good.Very happy so far 1.5 hours in!"
,Recommended,302510,21107766,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chenni,"If it looks good, feels good and plays good good, then IT IS GOOD!God I loved this game. I don't care if many game journalists hates this game for being filled with QTE. The story is great, voice acting is superb, graphics is awesome, easily runs at 60-fps. Definitely one of the best story-driven-linear game I ever played and I freaking hate linear games, but this, I enjoyed it very much."
,Not Recommended,302510,22146306,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gert Julius,Pure BS. Couldn't even get the first mission to load enemies. Just BS. Tried restarting hoping it would resolve. No luck. BS
,Recommended,302510,22155329,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DarkMavrik,great game enjoyed it
76561197999352694,Not Recommended,302510,33479615,Posted: 12 July,all,Pidgeonator,"I bought this game for $5 in the Steam summer sale, as it looked good.I watch the pre-rendered intro cinematic, get dumped into the tutorial fight scene. The framerate is 10-12 FPS despite this being a 3-year old game.After turning down some settings, which I really shouldn't have had to do, I go through the intro sequence of butchering the first barbarian, trying to ignore the blatant fact that this is an unoptimised PC port (the barbarian is flashing blue and yellow with the game telling you to click the corresponding coloured button. Apparently left click on the mouse is blue and right click is yellow now).As the first barbarian lies dead, the sound cuts, my screen goes black. Cannot do anything except restart the computer.Try again, kill the barbarian, and the screen goes black again except this time I was able to terminate it.$5 and 24GB for 19 minutes of ""gameplay"" - not worth it. I got a refund.It is such a shame as I am so into Rome and would have loved to play a good Roman third person game.It is especially disappointing as this game is developed by Crytek - known for Crysis, with the original being made specifically for PC. Never would have thought such a horrible PC port would come from them."
76561198039064303,Not Recommended,302510,31359387,Posted: 25 April,all,Ncolascello,"Horrible game, shame to the hack and slash style.PROS: Graphics, soundtrack and voice actingCONS: gameplay, lots of bugs, same animations aways, repeted enemies, just not fun to play."
76561198130610188,Not Recommended,302510,22446986,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,fixpa,"Boring gameplay , horrible italian dubbing"
76561197961362427,Not Recommended,302510,19877869,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Casca,I couldn't get into this game. A little too boring for me.
76561198082239596,Recommended,302510,19880931,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rus,got this game play it for 2 hours 10/10-best fighting skill like assassin's creed-ULTRA GRAPHIC SO AMAZING-Thanks Microsoft make this game for pc-Better graphic in pc not in console sorry xbox one player
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,302510,28926509,Posted: 1 January,all,ToxicKookie,"Well, it looks good, but that's where the good stopped for me.The camera is pretty much glued to your shoulder the entire time, which makes your view feel very claustrophobic.  It also shakes annoyingly as you move around.Combat feels sloppy and overly contextual.The story is incredibly generic.  You could see what was coming a mile away.Didn't touch the MP, so I have no opinion as far as that goes.Even grabbing it for $5 on sale felt like a waste of money, so that in itself should be a good indication of my opinion of this game."
76561198042939718,Not Recommended,302510,20207110,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RayKirk,"I don't particularly hate this game, but certain isn't worth it's full price.Pros:Beautiful graphics when on highFaster pace than similar gamesEasy to get control of gameCons:Low settings = Blob feet?30FPS lock gameplay but 100+ for cinematicsBallista turret miss everyone in a giant crowdCamera angles are all over the place making several executions hard to seeThis certainly isn't my cup of tea."
,Recommended,302510,29678729,Posted: 3 February,all,Fratii Bomba,"Want to learn roman history but you can't read? No proble, fam"
,Not Recommended,302510,22827980,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ryuca,was a good game until all my progress gone.
76561198164804483,Not Recommended,302510,16853802,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The Helicopter Ride,"this game may have amazing graphics and a good storyline,but the gameplay is pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥the gameplay is so clunky that the entire screen starts to wobble.at first i thought the fighting style of this game would be cool, like the assassins creed counter,break defense, and attack style.but all you can really do is hit,push and roll out of the way(which never really works)i haven't tried the gladiator/arena mode, which might be better.the singleplayer campaign is very short.if you decide to buy ryse son of rome, it would be on a 80% sale, because it is not even close to being worth 44.99i will have to keep playing to completely take in the gameplay.so i will probably write another review."
76561198039338546,Recommended,302510,23957957,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,mdg1994,"This is a very fun game, very fluid action and extremely cool cinematic kills"
,Not Recommended,302510,26362478,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YAOI ON ICE,"Okay so I bought this game on sale yesterday for $4.99Pros-graphics are beautiful-interesting combat system-awesome sound track.Cons- Laggy as hell (if you have a slower pc or have a lot of games already installed)- you can't customize, the controls to your liking. (note if your a gamer who uses the arrow keys and don't have a num lock, you're kinda screwed if you're not used to using WSAD, like I am, since I primarily use the arrow keys)p.s I filed for a refund for this game since I can't really play it, because of the major lag and wacky controls, but it's beautiful"
,Recommended,302510,28855827,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VeNoXmX,Wonderful game and full of potential. Kinda makes me wanna get For Honor when it gets released. I purchased that game on sale and totally worth it. CO-OP is fun and the mechanics are awesome. 9/10 totally worth it.
,Recommended,302510,19175017,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,~ el patron ~,.
76561198063184916,Not Recommended,302510,28231109,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jericho Myle,This Game had such potential but it is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ The playability is serious bad and the camera movement blows. Not to mention the controls do not always do want you want them to.  SCREW THIS PIECE O CRAP.
,Not Recommended,302510,19713304,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sha|)ini0,"Long story short, get it on sale. A MAJOR sale!!""Yay! I wanna play using a mediocre combat system interrupted incessantly by tiresome quick-time events!!"", said no-one ever!!Pros-graphics/music/environments-the 3rd act was actually not bad-amazing writing and voice acting for the Emperor's two sons; creepy sociopathic megalomaniacs!Cons-forgettable protagonist (voice, design, dialogue, etc)-abysmal and nauseating  camerawork for this combat system; always getting attacked from off-screen and losing my combo-shallow and repetitive combat system; upgrades don't really mean anything-tedious boss-fights; especially when you have to drain their health bar over and over again-what's that? every other game for the past decade had countering on 'Y'? well SCREW YOU, IT'S ON 'A' HERE!! Enjoy!-amateur progression-breaking bugs forcing you to restart the entire game (coz why would they add a Restart from Last Checkpoint option?)I feel like playing God of War now! I guess that could be considered a pro! ;)"
76561197996297444,Not Recommended,302510,19983123,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Peter Griffin,crap!
,Recommended,302510,28939772,Posted: 2 January,all,OrbSponge,"Other than some glitches and a short storyline, it was a pretty immersive and fun experience ."
76561198108774777,Recommended,302510,20130715,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Korva,"Where's ""Dimitri: Comrade of Russia""?"
76561198113776186,Recommended,302510,21938695,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cipher,lacks homosexualityvery unrealstic
,Not Recommended,302510,21957209,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Popo,"If ou have a GTX 970, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The stuttering issue is unfixable. As good as this game is, I'm sad that I bought it without knowing of the GTX 970 issues."
,Recommended,302510,25954645,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Diesel™,Rome !Gore !Damocles !Great but no so long story !10/10
76561198002589296,Recommended,302510,35093108,Posted: 20 September,all,J★FF★R,Great game .. better than The Witcher ... or similar :)
,Recommended,302510,25526117,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,noway^^,"great game, impressive graphics, hope to have a 2nd sequel"
,Not Recommended,302510,16727887,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Schroedster,Not disappointed because to be disappointed you need hope in the first place
,Not Recommended,302510,16495094,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Moves,"I bought this game on 66% sale for $13.xx at that price or less it is an ok buy. Campaign is repetitive and too short which seems odd to say, but I found the campaign not long enough and basically the same hack and slash fight over and over again. Graphics are stunning, story is ok. There could have been so many great things had this game attmepted to tackle them. I yearned for something more in the Coliseum. I ranked multiplayer 1v1 battle add on would be pretty amazing. They game feels rushed. Co-op multiplayer i boring and more of the same repeat. Why anyone would play it for an extended period I do not not know. If you are ok with putting about 10 hours into this game and never picking it up again it's fine. Replayability is 0 in my opinion."
76561198057197923,Not Recommended,302510,14273611,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Crimson Fuhren,when they ported over this game they did a very bad job at doing it.within the first 10 minutes of game play i ended up running around in circles without touching anything in the same spot repeatedly also game crashes rather easily and more spots in the game where you will do nothing but run around in circles unable to do anything really untill you hit a cut scene.glad i only paid $20 for a barely functioning game
76561197965857460,Not Recommended,302510,14274978,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hackedtwice,"Dissapointing game mechanics. A button masher really. The storyline and visuals almost make up for it, but not quite."
,Recommended,302510,14307246,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Claudio,"SAVIOR OF ROME.BEST GLADIATOR EVER.SOLDIER THAT CAN TAKE ON 100 GUYS ON AT THE SAME TIME SIMULATOR.Nuff said, 11/10 would kill barbarians again."
,Recommended,302510,20057164,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ðoritos ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Not bloody enough and too hard to make health regen and what not work also not enough finishers.  Alright story though for the price.  Krampus should have been Rated R what a bunch of MPAA Wusses.
,Recommended,302510,28836682,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pringul,Sick game (Doing this for the badge pls dont hate[k thx])
76561198128395047,Not Recommended,302510,33794158,Posted: 25 July,all,Victoir,Its really buggy on my computer and lags like hell even though I met the system requirements and lowered all my graphics
76561197991278752,Recommended,302510,25658108,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Misterbates™,Good GameBad Optimization...8/10
,Not Recommended,302510,29077676,Posted: 6 January,all,Vormancer,WORST FOV EVER -99/100 crappy camera makes it IMPOSSIBLE to play and survive
76561198106467568,Recommended,302510,24196691,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TheLastLycan,Ryse Son of Rome is an amazing game one of the best games i have played it has amazing graphics a good story ( should be a bit longer) and the fioght scenes are nopthing liek any othercons : the only con for me is the Marius father looks alot like my uncle and it it made me sad a bit to see him die
76561198015615503,Not Recommended,302510,19317585,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[BB]Grizzley1978,"I was so looking forward to playing this game as the reviews seems good.  Was very happy that I only spent $12 on it.  I love the style of game play.  Very Batman like gameplay, however it's the little things that got me.PROS:Visuals are amazing, which is not surprising for a Crytek game, you definitely need a powerful machine to run everything on high, even the settings I had I occasionally ran into a few FPS issues.Story was great for this era.  I love roman era games, which throw you into the culture.CONS:Enemy AI's skins are limited - Unless they were cloning the Barbarians back in the day, seeing the same faces over and over and yes over again gets a little old very quickly.Repetitive gameplay - Here is the overall game...Run, hit with shield, slash, slash, slash. Occasionally throwing a spear or giving commands.No Sandbox VERY literal gameplay.  Just like in COD's single player, it's story driven and exploration is very limited.  Now not saying that is a bad thing, but for me I can only hack and slash the same barbarians oh so many times.MULTIPLAYER;I, to be honest only tried the single player where you are thrown into the coliseum.  It started off okay, but near the end the crowd got bored, and I had no idea what was happening…Until the next wave came around the corner, and yes the same skins.For cheap, I’d recommend you picking it up as you may enjoy it, at $30, I’d struggle to recommend many due to the repetitiveness of the gameplay. Too bad they could have had a real diamond in the rough game."
76561198012915042,Not Recommended,302510,19325404,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,erlingheusm1,"Craptastic PC optimization. Not too much poished up from the xbox one version. But Xbox one version doers not have the bugs the PC version has. Good game, but only for the xbox one."
,Not Recommended,302510,20525671,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Krept,The combat in this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥like wtf
76561198039358602,Not Recommended,302510,34917580,Posted: 13 September,all,Dude,"Not worth it, the entire campaign took me 4.7 hours to complete."
76561198108433552,Recommended,302510,13068043,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,WhizDom,Good game!Buy it its worth it.Add me guys who plays Ryse.
76561198112669681,Recommended,302510,33762773,Posted: 24 July,all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,302510,12442464,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DerposDeVikingYT,"It's a marvelious game, the one problem i found is that it keeps on freezing in game and in cutscenes"
76561197970559525,Not Recommended,302510,12640932,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MONSTER ZERO,"Any modern PC game that doesnt allow you to bind keys how you like is fail. Looks and runs well from what little ive played, but suffers badly of consolitis. LMB to win."
,Recommended,302510,12631622,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,T7 MODS: YouTube: GODLIKE99KINGZ,"CRYTEK & CRYENGINE are the best. I love CRYTEK because those guys make evolutions in game history. RYSE has best graphic there is at the moment plus this game is outstanding, but hey if you wanna keep up with Crytek you need to have one of the best graphic available to be able to enjoy their products. Game 10/10"
76561198135824222,Not Recommended,302510,12786706,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,____Q____,"I was really looking forward to playing this game, but seriously....DO NOT BELIEVE THE FANBOYS!!!The short version of my review: ""A pretty girl but she get's boring really quick, because she is very dumb and has not even  got the slightest bit of brains.....""I've waited until being halfway through the game. Can't wait any longer, the game annoys me terribly. pentium i7, gtx 780, 500 GB SSD and 16 GB memory  First experiences:Graphics: 8Good clear graphics, everything looks really niceStory line : 6,0It is a little enjoyableGameplay: 2.5 (Really that bad? Yeah really!) A repetitive game without any freedom to explore the 'world' that you are inBad things.....In the cutscenes there is no way to pause the game, or no possibilty to change settings. As there are TOO MANY cutscened (a little annoying), this get's a little under my skinNO freedom of movement. Yes you can move to the left and the right, but all of the game I get the feeling of being pushed through a tunnel. This makes me not allways feel like a participant in the game, first kill the archers, then you can move to a bridge.Edited:Finished the game in a little under 10 hours, this game has been extremely boring. The end scene where Marius walks through the hall to take his revenge on the emperor....what is with that part??? You can't play, it is just a cutscene that looks like you are playing (execution kills etc) and extremely boring as mentioned before I am more of a viewer that a participant.Conclusion:Poor gameplay possibilities ruin the game, the gameplay that is left is extremely repetetive.No freedom of movement in the map, ah yeah you can move 'two steps left/right in a nicely animated tunnel' as that is what I'm feeling in.My standards for a good game is the urge to want to play it again and I'm very sure that I will never touch this game again.If you doubt between this game and for example Dishonored, buy Dishonored!! In fact even buy good old Halflife episode 1 or 2 as those games are far more enjoyable than this overpriced piece of annoying s.h.i.t.!"
,Recommended,302510,12443130,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FJheals,Me gusta!
,Recommended,302510,12458597,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ_13VD8D0k&list=UUAMbj4SjE8ZCyRYjiUi5pvAYou are Marius Titus, a general that just fended off the Barbarians attack and defended the Emperor's Palace. Now Marius recounts his his past to the Emperor while waiting in a safe spot in the Palace.Overall good game 7.5Visuals - 10Gameplay - 6Story - 6Sound -8I found the game very well optimized without any lag issues. The game ran very smooth on my 2010 old PC First gen I7 & Ati HD 7950 3 gb, 8 gb of memory"
76561198025593487,Recommended,302510,12442300,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FailStation,So much brutality... So much death... I like it! :D
76561198065117781,Recommended,302510,29663405,Posted: 2 February,all,= savings,Fun
76561198052267907,Not Recommended,302510,29661533,Posted: 2 February,all,viirinsoftworks,"When I saw a tag that gamers slapped on here saying ""quick time events"", the worst possible thing that anyone can put in any game (probably), I didn't realize that at least 85% of the entire game is quicktime events. I thought it was maybe 2% at most.It's pretty hard to screw up melee combat, but Ryse succeeded somehow.Succeeded in screwing up.Don't worry though, the 15% of the game that isn't QTE is cutscenes. They're motion captured really well, which is good, because since the game is frozen more than half the time due to design, such things should be flawless, and they are.I only have as long clocked into it as I do because I wanted the cards to drop. I minimized and muted it after 13 minutes. Obvious there isn't anything new past that.TL;DRIt's Dragon's Lair with better graphics."
,Not Recommended,302510,28094789,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Squizzy,bad controls
76561198118813096,Recommended,302510,12862119,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vegeta_ar,very good
,Not Recommended,302510,22161003,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,NXTGNMSTR,"Was looking forward to playing this game.  Graphics look good; however, it's just a thrid person combat game and it requires very high frame rates.  I bought it because the price was cheaper than getting it on XBOX ONE, but the frame rates skipped too much.Steam should have a hardware test before game purchase to see whether one's system meets the requirements or not.  My PC is an All-in-One PC.  I thought I got the fastest available but apparently this was not enough.  I don't know ANYTHING about processors.  My PC is 8 GB RAM but the processor who knows.  A test against one's system would be nice to have.Although I only played the game for 20 minutes, I don't recommend it, because it seems to be rather hard, but I really couldn't give it a chance since the frame rate was so low.  The movements were lagging and the game was pausing, so it was difficult to tell what the hell I was doing. :("
,Not Recommended,302510,24010875,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,gibe de pusi b0ss,Terrible port. I get ~70 fps on witcher 3 max settings and cant even hold a steady 50 on this game on medium.
,Not Recommended,302510,22154981,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,keybearer,"Let me tell you a tale, of how Rome is rolling in it's grave.This is what happens when you take QTE too far."
,Not Recommended,302510,30240576,Posted: 28 February,all,Gavurbey,"-boss fights are so bad I thought of leaving the game a lot of times-skill upgrades are poor( nearly no difference between none or full upgrade)-fighting system is eh.+story is not bad+finishers are gore and bloody.If you want to play a game that you want to get cancer from, this is the one after CS:GO"
76561198008675660,Not Recommended,302510,22871354,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,rexus300,"Repetitive gameplayCliche story that is mediocre at best.I think i'm just someone who wasn't ment to enjoy this game.The visuals are good, but the game world is linear and limited.I can't rate the story too well, because I find it uniteresting.The gameplay is extreamly repetitive despite the impressive hacking and slashing and stunning executions.In general, I find this game impossible to play because I (and I'm guessing a few others) have no real motivation or incentive to continue with the story and endure the repetive gameplay.Its not like the rest of the game is bad, but still...I think that if the fighting system wasn't terrible, and that the story (whatever the boring story is) was actually interesting I might be hooked into playing just to see how the story unfolds.In heinsight, I personally should of known that this game would of been a bummer, seeing it was originally desired to have occulus rift support, taking what was supposed to be a virtual reality game that somehow got turned into a 3rd person hack and slash (button mash) adventure.But hey, I guess anything these days that was close to microsoft is guaranteed to just be a finely polished stool sandwich.I got bored after 30 minutes and stopped playing/10Never want to be bored in a video game again."
76561197983301475,Recommended,302510,14270266,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"A great Roman hack n slash game.Im finding more fun in the coop/solo play arenas than campaign, so bags more playability evenafter you have finished the campaign."
,Not Recommended,302510,26154123,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ƬЩIПKLΣDЦ§Ƭ,All graphicsNo gameenough said
76561198341584634,Not Recommended,302510,30845696,Posted: 30 March,all,gamewizard2790,"Opinionated Pros and Cons.Pros-I liked Marus's seriousness and enjoyed playing as him-Graphics were very nice,some eyecandy indeed.-Gameplay was fun at times.Cons-There was horrible stuttering for a bit,but easily fixable.-Gameplay felt repetive at times,still fun at times though.-Very short story,took about 5-6 hours-Ending felt like a letdown,my opinion though.-There were quite a bit of bugs,enemys not flashing their colors, stuck in spots,ectOverall,not too bad.Multiplayers okay,not much else to say about that.I don't recommmend this for $20,Definitly wait for a sale on it."
,Not Recommended,302510,20226894,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wun Weg Wun Dar Wun,"This game shows you EXACTLY how Roman life was...if Michael Bay had been the emperor.Let me stop you right now if the fact that I was only able to make it 100 minutes into the game bothers you, but I wanted my $6.79 back.Many reviews outline R:SoRs problems better than I can... so enjoy this instead:Play this game if:-You like seeing the colors yellow and blue and then showing you can also touch things that are yellow and blue-You like history, but not so much that you want it to be accurate-Anything new and original makes you uncomfortable-You kneel down at the altar of Michael Bay and light a candle to him every morning and say, ""Sweet Michael Bay, you know me for the simple American that I am. Stimulate my senses Michael Bay, but please don't make me think.""-You want to see a ton of man-thigh.This game is like a really pretty girl and you finally get that date because she's hit rock bottom and you realize about an hour into it that she's got the personality of a rock...and maybe you should call your ex because maybe you took her for granted and thought you could do better, but now you know better isn't what you thought it was and she's the one you really want, but now she's over it and you're going to be alone forever.Seriously though, this is everything that is wrong with AAA games. All flash, no heart. Its like a Frankenstein monster. You can steal all the elements of the best games in the genre, but the vision that indie game creators have is what makes them great and unique. Not so with Ryse"
76561198049869572,Not Recommended,302510,27747663,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,maghar2008,mhmm....maybe?but not realy good.
76561198045220799,Not Recommended,302510,22161646,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,-Thermal-,Worst game i ever bought dont waste your money.
76561198004870532,Not Recommended,302510,19923125,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,geoffrey mujangi bia,"only just downloaded the game tonight, the first thing i noticed was that despite the fact i've downloaded the game it seems to lag a lot in game play but i'm not sure if that's supposed to be like that to reflect the haze of war maybe? but also i'm playing on a laptop, and i now need to get a wireless mouse/games controller for my pc as i can't get past escorting the emperor through the vault due to the fact i don't have a usable middle mouse button on my laptop as i have never needed a mouse, would have thought the developers might have thought of this and given a control set that doesn't require a middle mouse button. The camera also seems difficult to control from my initial experiance although this may be because i'm not used to it, but look forward to eventually playing the game, although i get the feeling by the time i finish it i'll probably wish i had it on xbox."
76561198060220151,Not Recommended,302510,33002147,Posted: 29 June,all,The_Ness,"The controls are weak, combat frustrating and repetative and the history laughably wrong in so many ways. Such a waste of an absolutely beautiful game."
76561198059626361,Not Recommended,302510,22153525,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,yumri,not engaging at all has no preformance problems athough i did all the fixes bfor the Maxwell nvidia cards before hand
76561198113746271,Not Recommended,302510,22655565,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GANDOLFtheGAY,DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,302510,33415362,Posted: 9 July,all,Alep Kun,"I remember all the hype there was for this game before its release and all the people praising it for the graphics...and I also remember how people bashed this game for it's really short lifetime and it's annoying story when it came out.. So I finally decided to buy it in 2017 to see how good or bad that game actually is, here is my review.Graphics:It is one of the strength of the game, Ryse is just incredibly beautiful, still better looking than most of the games today.The textures, the characters animations, the faces (the emotions are well reflected), all the light,shadow,smoke effects etc (especially the forest in the great britain mission was truly stunning, I spent like 10 minutes watching the grass) and all the cinematic scenes. From a technical point of view Ryse is impressive, it is 10/10 success.But at the end I am not THAT surprised knowing that the guys who made this also made Crysis 3...Gameplay:It is very (too?) simple but there could be a justification for that because of the context of the game. This is not like God Of War where we were controlling a god but here we are controlling a real soldier from the Antique Rome's time (well okay Ryse is as credible as an Asterix's comic book and Marius is way too OP I will give you that), therefore we cannot have a sh!tload of combos and different strikes. Here we got a button for attack, one for block & another one to dodge and that makes the game more realist, at least in my opinion. Furthermore the execution scenes are really impressing which spices things a little more. But I must agree that with time it gets really repetitive and annoying.The game also needs more variation in the design of the ennemy units, there is like only 5 different designs for briton soldiers, I always felt like fighting the same people.Storyline:Well it really is not that bad. Even though the revenge story is really cliché and has nothing original to offer, there is another element that comes and makes the game more interesting and it can make us think of a probable outcome (I won't say anything more to not spoil you).The story is served by a very pleasant epic staging...but 6 hours is very short (And I know right one could say that given the gameplay it should not be too long)Note that you can play as many times as you want the campaign in different levels of difficulty if you are looking for some challenge.Obviously I recall that from a historical point of view this game has the credibility of an Asterix and still ...Soundtracks:One word: E P I CMultiplayer:The multiplayer is basically the same gameplay as the one we find in the story mode but the difference is that we are always fighting in the Coliseum, nothing really interesting there. Anyway there is almost never anyone online playing this, I personally could not find anyone in the matchmaking.All in all Ryse is definitely not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, on the contrary it's a pretty good game, not very nor excellent, just a good game worth a shot for less than 15 bucks. It fulfills its role of games, it entertains us and despite of its repetitive side the epic and powerful atmosphere that it releases is such that one is caught by the history and cannot leave it before finishing the campaign mode. In short the game is fun and I had a good time on Ryse.My note would be a 13/20"
,Not Recommended,302510,22784009,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Deuce,"Interesting to play with a lot of action. However there are not good multiplayer and there are some exploits in gameplay that will ruin the game for you, so I will not tell you :)"
,Recommended,302510,22139962,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Seansna,ROAME
76561198153923824,Not Recommended,302510,30188800,Posted: 25 February,all,GAS,"No option to turn of Depth Of Field, not even an ini file to edit. Unacceptable.Also pre-rendered cutscenes. really?"
,Not Recommended,302510,22155149,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,King,Game is horrible. Combat is exactly the same for honestly every single mission you play
,Not Recommended,302510,30616429,Posted: 19 March,all,BUSH PIGLET,"I couldn't play this game for longer than 20 minutes, the combat mechanics were sluggish and not extremely enjoyable. Further to that the UI wasn't adequetly explained and lead to confusion as to what I was upgrading and what it would do. I regret spending money on this game although I have seen that cinematically it has some merit."
76561197978856951,Not Recommended,302510,19093051,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,[UCG] MiniGoold,"A Bit too repetitive and dull for my liking, the combat to me seemed just a little too fantasy, forward rolls in full gear and shield etc? Just seemed stupid to me. But all in all, an OK game if you like a hack'n'slash that repeats most combat after the first hour...but I just got bored of playing."
,Recommended,302510,23425097,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Xyloritus,Best looking game ever. And nice combat system.
76561198396902109,Not Recommended,302510,33172994,Posted: 3 July,all,anatinusgaming,"ABOSULTE WASTE OF TIME - SUCH A TERRIBLE GAME - WHY WAS THIS EVEN MADE?Pros: -1 -The storyline is not bad, it has the whole waring factions of the great Roman empire like barbarians, wickerman, britons, and gladitors, but that it is.2 - the graphics are very well done, but they focused so much on the main characters smallest of details every other character looks too tackyCons: oh god were to begin1 - the combat is appauling, a sheild and sword with only 3 moves and the only way to get points or bonuses is the same 3 executions at QTE. and then when you try to roll or evade the game throughs you into the enemy sheild and you die.2 - the bosses in the game are just the same as the soilders but with more health and strength, and you can only kill them with executions3 - the progression bar to unlock new abilities come down to points, if you dont have enough too bad you cant unlock the progression bar to unlock a new ability to help youIm so close to the end but im at the point of saying ""SCREW THIS GAME"". If i continue i will break something, controller, hand, monitor, voice box. it is rage inducing aswellAdventure games have been around for a long time and i thought due to other combat and adventure games, God Of War, Uncharted, etc. that this would be racked up near them 2 - but i was gravely mistaken. this game would be so much better if the combat system go a whole new ovderhaul, if the you could learn new moves to take out enemies, or if you could upgrade your sheild or sword,I know they are trying to keep the feel of combat in ancient Roman times but they didnt execute it well enough, if you wana buy and play this for yourself, just wait til its less than $5 dollars on steam, cause it is not even worth $5 dollars4/10"
,Recommended,302510,17226655,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,SpartanNinja,"The story mode is not the main draw to this game. The only mode you need to worry about is the Arena, where you play as Gluteus Exterminatore, and in co-op, with Braccae Videntis, and follow them on their quest for pants. You start with very little clothing, barely more than a towel for your genitals and a mask to cover your face, but after a long time Destroying People in the arena, you slowly rank up and gain the ability to wear shoulder pads and a belt. I have only gotten to the skirt phase, but I am sure if I keep on destroying my enemies in bloody combat I am sure to gain enough fame to wear skinny jeans."
76561198070020818,Recommended,302510,13469920,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Howaito kurakkā,_-_                               RYSE: Son of Rome_ -  __-     __________-      ____________________________ _______________  )_    __   __    _--
76561198174409317,Not Recommended,302510,31497442,Posted: 1 May,all,thundor,"After playing the game to the end I was left thinking....""Meh"" and then I uninstalled it."
,Not Recommended,302510,18227401,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Surveyant,"wow  why does steam have to lie to me about this game being mostly positiveit's full of bugsi couldn't calibrate my screen correctly because it assumed the center was off centerboring af story..when using some sort of weird infinite ammo semiautomatic giant arrow launcher thing the crosshair/aimer thing was waaay off point from where it actually shotthe stupid steam sale tricked me into buying it!  it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ xbox port don't buy it it wasn't designed for pc useit's generic af, it's like god of war except broken af and not nearly as badass...."
76561198034133453,Not Recommended,302510,26692148,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sean,"*presses key* nothing happens*spams key* nothing happens*spam key endlessly* move happens onceIf you like fighting game mechanics, this is the game for you. If you like combat of this nature, but want something that is somewhat more polished, look at buying Sleeping Dogs instead. While I wouldn't say this is a ""No"" vote, its more of a mixed feelings vote, everything seems nice its just the non-responsive mechanics that kill it for me."
76561197966741099,Recommended,302510,29624757,Posted: 1 February,all,Lobo DBB,"Welcome to the arena. Where we have a story mode but what we really want you to play is our gladiator arena where you can be disembowled by your favorite weapon. This game is repetative, yes, but it's execution is fenominal. I've spent most of my time in the arena where you feel like a gladiator as you cut through hordes of men to appease the gods. The story mod is okay but if you buy this game you'll buy it for the arena mod and not for the story. The story is genetic and can be a bit of a bor. Try getting the game at a discounted price!"
,Not Recommended,302510,18266107,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Archiver,"Thnis game uses the A button for counter. EVERY other combat game like this uses Y. So if you want to play Shadow of Mordor, Mad Max, etc.... make sure you give yourself about 4 hours to adjust to hitting A instead of Y, and don't play any of those other games while you play this. The games story is boring, the cutscenes are non-skippable and WAY too long and not interesting. The campagin is forgettable, and the co op is broken and horribly designed."
,Not Recommended,302510,27610104,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,erypto,borin
,Recommended,302510,23774586,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,bruh,Most underrated game of all time!
76561197977267103,Recommended,302510,21199675,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"New Review.I bought a Keypad for Controls to be on the other side of my keyboard.Now an Upvote.Old Review. (Angry review because of `Lefty` issues).Might have been a reasonably good game; but it seems cretins over 20-years out of date coded the Keyboard Control re-mapping (there is none even 18-months after release). So, people with a hand disability are crippled further, and/or proper left-handed players are stiffed.All games which have a control system over 20-years out-of-date will get a negative review: especially when as you go to the forum and ask for some kind of update info to fix (an INI File fix?), all you get is demands that you become right-handed or buy an extra $250 keyboard.Stuff your console game control system where the sun dont shine."
,Recommended,302510,30947652,Posted: 4 April,all,ZanyBone,SAPATANNNNNN !!
76561198119632671,Not Recommended,302510,23966612,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,R.E.D. Talon 6,totally not what i thought it would be.overall im pretty bored with the simple emchanics and over cinemtaic outlook. nothijng like the trailer on TVits good for what it is but it doesnt come close to what i could of been
76561198031843303,Recommended,302510,12767667,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RAF,One of the better games I played recently
76561198130882256,Recommended,302510,12443138,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,"DeathLessss,,*",สำหรับคนที่หาไทยรีวิวนะครับเท่าที่เล่นมา กราฟฟิคแม่ง Next - gen สัสเลยครับ หาที่ติไม่ได้ เห็นแม้กระทั่งรูขุมขนระบบบัคที่เล่นมาไม่ค่อยเห็นนะถือว่าเป็นเกมส์ที่สุดยอดเกมนึงเลย
,Not Recommended,302510,23981932,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sohzu,Seems like there are about 3-4 differnet enemies in this game.. >_> That or the fat dude with a shield has a ton of brothers that all look alike.. >_> QTE is all this game seems to be. Smack them with left click a few times the a QTE woo man let me tell you its so fun.. Apparently you seem to spill your life story amits a huge battle to some dude that just wants you to save his life..OH If you're real lucky you can pin an enemy on a wall and he can go super hero dodge mode and infinitly dodge your attacks which is the best gameplay ever.
76561198130228455,Recommended,302510,12494287,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Scoops,"I don't know why people know this game. The story is legit and the combat is fun. Slow motion swords cutting arms off is always sweet. The F-ing gpx are AMAZING! I get a gpx boner just playing this game. Worth $40, look how much you spent on Day Z..."
,Recommended,302510,29159662,Posted: 10 January,all,Eyyy Haaa,This is so rice to play with.
76561198061749946,Not Recommended,302510,12482130,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kevinbaconcocky,So RSOR is summed up like this1. pretty graphics2. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay ( executions are not better than shadow of mordor )3. repetitive4/10
76561198068163041,Not Recommended,302510,26585782,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bomboobay,thiis is a bad port frame drops every few minutes
,Not Recommended,302510,20075064,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kevbwell,do you value your money do you care about petty things like story or gameplay with depth and variety and hate cliches if you said yes to any of these then this game isnt for you but if you said no to all of them oh boy are you in for the most generic boreing linear ride of your life but dont worry by the time you realise how much you hate it you are done with the 5 hour story  i have to say i love the creative combat system which is freeflow without the parry prompts instead the game uses colors instead of symbols damn thats some innovation
,Not Recommended,302510,22147827,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Kilo,"4ghz quad i7gtx 970 4gb16mb ramall settings low30-35fpsWhat a joke, bare in mind I can play GTA5, ARK, Fallout 4, R6 Siege, The Division etc all in ultra/high at 60fps+This is possibly the worst optimise console port I've ever seen, unplayableShame cos the 25min I did play was really fun."
,Not Recommended,302510,33018208,Posted: 29 June,all,Microsoft Office Outlook,cant running well in high spec pc
,Not Recommended,302510,20959465,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Odra,"A beautiful looking game with the depth of a puddle.I'd love to write some lengthy review, but I think the following sentence sums it up:""Eye-candy QTE borefest"""
76561198364783195,Recommended,302510,29670317,Posted: 3 February,all,Mykher,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,302510,29673371,Posted: 3 February,all,Carlos Danger,This game is a great way to test if your computer will be able to handle DEMANDS as high as those on an X-box one (a system renound for its excellent library and highly demanding games).
,Recommended,302510,12485728,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SnowGecko,"Now I play most games and after the reviews i was a little worried.after playing the 10 hour campaign not 4 hour campaign I will say this.Ryse sons of Rome is the best game of the year.the combat, the animation, the simulation, the amazing story I loved every minute of this game.the multiplayer was engaging and the loot was great.if you enjoy a great story and epic jouney and can look past little things this game will keep you hooked straight to the end."
76561197963397989,Not Recommended,302510,14252860,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kyrandos,"Ryse: Son of 'Rome'Fixed the title for the developers.Honestly, the historical innacuracies arent so bad that they will annoy you - they are so overwhelming that you will be forced to accept the developers didn't even watch an episode of Rome before they made this game. Probably 300 or something, and forgot there's a difference between Greeks and Romans. Regardless, I was able to overlook it, except for the fact that I'm fighting the exact same 4 barbarian models all across Eurasia. That I found problematic.I also have to mention I LOVE the movement. Your character moves like a 10 ton battlemech with a maximum effective maneuver velocity of 32 miles per hour moving at 34 miles per hour. And when you sprint? You lurch off to a blazing, equally uncontrollable 35 MPH.The environments were pretty big. Cool, I guess. Like the artists made a building. Then hit 3x scale. Then said yeah no, set it back to 1x - finished the level then set the whole damn shebang to 4x. Screw it anyway, There's no reason to look around. I just felt a constant - consistant impulse to rush through the game. So I did.Finished it in about 6 hours. Multiplayer on the PC does not exist. Frankly, I feel a little robber - but I also got it half off. And do not compare this or use this review to consider the console version. The console version will include players to play with in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,302510,23878963,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dendory,"Nice enough graphics, unfortunately the PC version has unbelievably bad controls. Very unresponsive, very laggy. Avoid unless you want this mostly to look at ancient Rome."
,Not Recommended,302510,30995867,Posted: 7 April,all,Zuka,"Graphics are good, movements and fighting. But the most stupidest thing is at the end where you need to go through that long hall, almost dead. And you can't fight normaly, it's made what you need to press. I can't figure out what do I need to press to kill all these people that are jumping on me, you can't even dodge them.... And the game is tooooooo short, 7-8 hours and it's done. Spent 20€ for nothing..."
,Not Recommended,302510,18196526,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,One_Pretty_Cool_Dude,"Downloading this game was more of  waste of time than anything. I was excited about getting it but once I got it and started playing the gameplay would only run at 5 FPS! It sucked trying to predict your enemies moves 2/3 fames before they happened. I thought I was getting a deal with 66% off but the buy wasn't even worth it with the FPS being so low.I will say the graphics were good and it was a simple assassins creed type gameplay, It would've been fun if I could've had at least 30 FPS (preferably 60) but still.The 5FPS is unbarable."
76561198094357471,Not Recommended,302510,24074812,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,manavdeep47,This game is not fully compatible there are random times when the frame rate drops below 10
76561198107134967,Recommended,302510,13266338,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Getting 2 birds stoned at once,10/10
76561198106940224,Recommended,302510,29670287,Posted: 3 February,all,MIKEEDEEE,I love this game! I can't wait for the Ryse 2!
,Not Recommended,302510,20960575,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JRCOBRA,"Frequent BSOD crashes none of the ""Fixes"" work. Awful performance on a high end righ which should have zero problems running it which is a shame cause it seems fun if I could play it for longer than a few minutes at a time."
,Recommended,302510,29549487,Posted: 28 January,all,Galaxy,This game is just pure fun from the story to the combat a overall amazing game!
76561198079801350,Recommended,302510,20173045,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"Very good game; love the story, graphics are good, game plays smoothly highly recommend if you got a bit of cash left its worth a try"
,Recommended,302510,12585848,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Al,"When I originally saw the game on the Xbox it didn't impress me at all. It looked like a QTE fest with nothing to it.I've changed my mind since playing it on the PC. It looks fantastic, and plays extremely well. It's a fun hack n slash with QTE's for finishers/executions.http://youtu.be/NIEnQPN9J8AI'm a bit of a sucker for games like this, and I feel Crytek did a great job. Especially on the PC port. The controls are extremely good, responsive, and tight. While the game not only looks good, which is expected from Crytek by now; but it also runs very well. In stark contrast to the Evil Within which was a disaster for me, from graphics, controls, gameplay, and performance.The story might not be very detailed and in-depth but it's fun, and I certainly have been enjoying. I do think it could be fleshed out more, and more details and gameplay added into to compensate it. It feels that each part of the games just jumps too far ahead with gaps in between. Although I have certainly been enjoying it.The animation quality is what helps make the game. The combat just flows beautifully, and the good graphics, lighting, and motion blur adds to it quite well.I actually don't mind the QTE executions and kind of like them by now. It makes the game feel as if you're in the movie Gladiator or the show Spartacus. Although without all the blood. The game has a surprising lack of blood when dismembering people.The upgrade system is extremely basic, and it's very easy to max out as well. Especially if you select XP as your bonus for killing foes. You build up Valour so quickly it never feels like you might be missing out on an important upgrade. Which none of them really are. They're all focused on just gathering more of the same points, carrying extra Pilas, or building up focus faster.The game is a little short for my liking, but it was still a lot of fun for what it is. Which is a good hack n slash, with very good mechanics. Although they could do with removing the auto aim Scorpion from the the PC version.Even so I would easily recommend it to someone that wants a good Hack N Slash. Just don't expect the most in-depth mechanics and story line."
,Not Recommended,302510,12439253,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,zimmer1lb,"Please remember this is only one perspective and one opinion.I've only played 118 minutes today.   And I'm totally frustrated.  ONCE IN BATTLE his maneuverability is practically nil, he doesn't block incoming, the execution rarely works, the spawn rate of enemies in awful, other legionaires present just stand there not joining in the fight,The greatest disappointment is that it is more of an arcade/PS and less of a PC designed game.   I thought it was revamped for PC play.   They could take some serious lessons from Skyrim.   Guess I just expected too much.zimm outP.S. I reserve the right to change my mind."
,Recommended,302510,12608834,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dragonborn,"Continuing Crytek's legacy for groundbreaking games, just perfect :)"
76561197989278863,Recommended,302510,12494879,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ManicMD2,"well if it would only run... the most Ive been able to play (no matter how I set the vid settings) is about an hour. After I train with dad and work out of the house and the lady in yellow touches me it freezes very soon after that.. and after it freezes it wont start again. I have tried EVERYTHING i know. please fix this... I have had the same problems with COD ghosts... and tomb raider...  wtf.... Im so dissapointed... From what Ive played its a VERY cool gamewin 7Processor	Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3610QM CPU @ 2.30GHz, 2301 Mhz, 4 Core(s), 8 Logical Processor(s)Adapter Description	Radeon (TM) HD 7850M16 gigs ram."
76561198071001145,Recommended,302510,12435725,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Tiberius Victrix,"Well. I just started playing this cool game. I love the time period setting (which is main reason why i bought this game) Hack and slash mechanics are in my opinion  very well executed at some parts of the game.  In witcher 2 i could roll around the battle and nobody would hit me, like ever. Here AI followed me and attacked when they got their chance. Some enemies are annoying to deal with tho, Those AGILE ones seriously bashing them for 15 minutes is only way to get them join rest of the barbaric filth. If they are in groups than... You get the idea. Overally this game looks GORGEOUS I maxed out graphics with my gtx 760 and this game runs smooth (wish i had 4k RIG). I bought this game for 20 bucks (some games are cheaper in my Region) and i am pretty damn happy with it. a Functional game on release."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,302510,26625920,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Call of duty: Rome; directed by Michael bay! It’s chopped full of all the mind numbing repetitive action you can handle.  Basically, you fight one fight and you’re fought them all, the set pieces may change but the combat lacks any kind of variation. You can only watch the same execution move a few times before u get bored.  And just like every single one of Michael Bay’s films it’s too long and too stupid for me sit through, but unlike a MB film I can’t fast forward through the dumb action scenes to see the equally dumb climax.Can the video game industry please get past revenge stories, please? Here’s some advices, in order for the audience to get invested in a revenge story they have to like the protagonist so that they can fell their pain.  You cannot just introduce a zero-dimensional character and then kill their dad/family 30 seconds later and then expect some kind of emotional impact.  A better motivating factor would have been simply, I am a centurion I kill for Rome, boom, done that’s enough plot to get this game moving.Finally, if you’re going to make a game about a roman centurion the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game should have you fight in formation with your legionaries, not just 10% of the game.  There are so many battles where the romans are engaging in haphazard open melee, if true roman fought like they did in this game then the defensive line for the cowboys would be able to♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillage the entire empire.  And seriously what is with all the soldiers that just stand around doing nothing while you kill the barbarians all by yourself."
,Not Recommended,302510,16695639,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Paul Kellerman,"Well, if you want to play in ridiculous linear maps and kill same enemies with same combats, go ahaed and buy this game. But wait! It has excellent graphics so it should be an awesome game right?"
,Recommended,302510,12479620,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Goodoleboy78,"Quick Review: (with Extended Review Below)*10/10* Graphics:         Excellent, High End & 4k.*10/10* Audio: 	     High Quality Voice Acting & Ambience Appropriate To Environment.*8/10*   Game play:      Immersive, Heroic, Engaging. Story driven & intentionally easy to play.*10/10* Realism: 	     Everything is accurate to the era. This is bloody Ancient Rome.*10/10* Story Line:       Well written story that grips and involves you start to finish.*9/10*   Genre: 	     Melting pot of sub genres. Arguably a new type of genre.*8/10*   Originality:       This is an honest attempt at a fresh style of game*6/10*   Re-playable:    Ends well before you are ready to. Does have a multi-player option.Result: MUST BUY!Quick Synopses:Commonly over looked is that this game is heavily based on well scripted story driven linear game play. It impresses quickly with beautifully rendered, accurate to the era environments while adding freedom by fighting in third person performing visually stunning, ancient combat maneuvers. This is complemented by inventive execution finishing moves in slow motion cut scenes. You have limited consequences in your actions but it engages you  giving you the sense of interaction in your destiny. Learning curve is intentionally easy to throw you immediately in to the fray to perform the journey of the elite Roman General Marius. You quickly get a heroic feeling hacking and slashing while placing well timed blocks with your shield with fluid movement. The novelty of the linear and repetitive fighting will either please you increasing your participation in this epic tale or it may be a let down if your expectation is a non linear, challenging third person slasher with your actions having meaningful outcomes. Remember, it is a heavily and well scripted story driven game with elements of freedom with today’s top technology.*******************************************************************************Extended Review:A fresh style of game with full throttle immersion that grips you with a real sense of being the leader of a Roman Legion in the second half of the 1st century(Julio-Claudian dynasty). The quick pace of Ryse throws you immediately in to the heart of an epic tale which spans the life time of Marius following his unstoppable desire for revenge.Graphics are not only stunning but surreal and is eye candy painting the stage perfectly. This adds to the already moody and fitting environment which sells the time and place in history convincingly bringing the Roman Empire to life.Audio is right in there and adds to the ambience creating the serious tone of the unfolding events. Voice acting is also well done and convincing adding polish to the game.Game play is relatively easy intentionally putting you in to the heroic hot seat from the moment you enter the world. This inventive type of story driven game plays seamlessly. It is a unique experience and will have a high appeal on most peoples varying style of game play.Carnage level is immense. Excessive, creative and extremely graphic level of gore which will appease most enhancing the experience but may deter others as it could conversely be considered over the top blood thirsty. The Roman tactics and their Colosseum (or Coliseum) were nothing short of violence and mayhem. So it gives a honest point of view of the brutality of this era with no censoring or sugar coating. Adding to the bedlam is a  maelstrom of choreographed, multi-stepped execution finishing moves presented in slow motion interactive cut scenes. This would seem to fit the skill set of a battle hardened Roman General considered cream of the mighty Roman Army.It reeks of captivating realism. Great care and detail has gone in to every imaginable aspect of the game demonstrating what the professional programming teams of today are capable of. The politics, treachery, mannerism, mentality, tactics, equipment and architecture have been considerably worked true to the point of time. History buffs will even notice a few characters from the time period such as Emperor Nero from the opening seen. Often the effort to finer details will go unnoticed as the story line will keep you focused.Replay value is the games short fall and is completed in a relatively short time. It is the type of game that ends too soon. There is no open world or side quests or events you can do. It does have 4 difficulty levels but the story doesn't change. Though a rerun on a higher skill level can be ok as you will pick up on any missed story lines and can take more notice of details embedded in the surroundings. As legendary saga of Marius' unfold you will be left wandering when the struggle and peril of the next unacknowledged son will endure in the blood soaked organised chaos of Ancient Rome. A sequel or DLC instalment couldn't come too soon. Multi player I suspect will add more hours to the game but I haven't experienced it yet so can't comment.Features include an XP/Level system which unlocks features or upgrades to buy. Also you are awarded valour points for your game finesse, combos, special moves and accomplishments. You can spend the points on perks such as many unique execution finishing moves for both single and multiple opponent or increase the statistics and effectiveness of Marius' abilities. Executing 2 enemies at once if you can set it up is extremely satisfying and spectacular adding more wow factors to the game. It unlocks advancement and variety at a pace that wont overwhelm you while constantly adding the right amount of flavour. While fighting you have 4 possible stances to be in which give varying effects when you execute an enemy such as health, XP gains or temporary damage and critical hit outputs. You can change this to your play style with out any real concern. The whole system is simple and an intuitive concept to follow. The ability to map key binds to your choosing isn't currently available but rather are predefined in complete sets you can choose. This isn't going to be a hassle for the average player as the keys are generally in the places we are most use to. Inverting the mouse is included.Quality game at a very reasonable price. If you have any level of interest in Ancient Rome, this game is for you. If you have enjoyed heavily scripted story driven games before, The Walking Dead games come to mind, then you will enjoy Ryse. It's the intense captivating story with the ability to act with in the immediate environment with some hack n' slash fun with character building thrown in. Many worthy reasons you will want to add this to your expansive Steam collection. If you can accept this melting pot of sub genres then it would be close to a perfect 10/10 when balancing the replay value against the relatively small investment for 24 gigabytes of heavy duty game. It simply is the latest development in the evolving game progress and should be experienced. It is DEFINITELY NOT the type of game that ends up in your Steam Games Graveyard after the first 10 minutes of laboured play. It does give me the uncanny reminder of The Dragons Lair and Space Ace type games but developed with the technology of 30 years on. Pressing the right button at the right time isn't as important in Ryse though.Enough nostalgia, one last thing to add is expect to see DLC in the form of extended or additional campaigns as it will be less work for good money. They obviously have good writing talent so a rightful and glorious follow up should be a given. Would be interested to see a Ryse: Son of Rome 2 in development providing that Crytek and Microsoft Studios can work out a mutually benefiting arrangement. Wont be immediate though as they have a new cash cow to milk for some time yet as it has enjoyed good results on the Steam release. Where there is money to be made, there is a will and subsequently followed by a way."
76561198044096518,Recommended,302510,12921542,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mr. Thumpster,I like it.
,Not Recommended,302510,24003059,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SB,"extremely limited custimization for a port, or any game actually...some graphical settings are non-existent or on/off no gamma settings...no custom binding at all period, nothing ever...its a PoS game...requested my 5 bucks back."
,Recommended,302510,23979338,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NarGotiX™,Excelent game 10/10
,Recommended,302510,29639209,Posted: 1 February,all,Sober_Bender,"Have to say first thing, this is one of the best RPG's ive played to date. Has great gameplay, story and ofcourse graphics for those who care about graphics. Only bad thing i will say is its a shame theres no cavalry missions, or naval fighting. Give it a 9 out of 10, found this to be what a core RPG game is!....Thats right no freeroam, or openworld or ZOMBIES!"
,Recommended,302510,28826652,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AlterRektMLG,I NOW COMPLETELY BELIEVE THIS GAME DIDN'T GET THE RECOGNITION ON STEAM IT DESERVED.THIS GAME IS JUST FREAKING GREAT.Kill THE DAMNED BARBARIANS!
76561198167411394,Not Recommended,302510,28353585,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Finally finished it, game was freaking boring. Unable to interact with enviroment, no choice in weapons, upgrades suck,. ....Its fun the first hour, then it is just same fight over and over...."
76561198082724116,Not Recommended,302510,16370358,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kommandant Duncan,"I want to give this a good review, but I simply can't. I played it, the cut scene had an amazing FPS and good graphics well when it got to the point of me taking control the FPS and graphics dropped to low and about a 5-6 FPS. Good luck if you get good FPS I play most every other game with wonderful FPS"
76561198083629434,Not Recommended,302510,22068329,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CaneriK,Terrible optimisation. Just don't bother buying it if you don't have a high-end rig.
76561198068379783,Not Recommended,302510,34746140,Posted: 4 September,all,batt84,"Difficulty dances between button-mashing-easy and almost impossible like your sword when using focus aka godmode. Story is one big pile of deus ex machina extravaganza. Visuals are good, but unpolished or stupid in some cases (like I get blood on my screen - awesome, but then it just randomly despawns - wtf?). Cannot recommend"
,Not Recommended,302510,33779559,Posted: 24 July,all,The Authoritative Game Critic,"A very uneventful Roman Spearing Simulation.  The graphics are decent, but the gameplay is so tedious and boring. SKIP! The People's Objective Score for this game: 1/10"
76561197967685936,Recommended,302510,25697557,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,^7ja^1co,"Its a good attempt at recreating a roman world, amazing visuals, love looking at the armors, weapons, architecture and especially the cinematic about the legend of domicles.As a game it is sadly a bit too repetitive. My first attempt got me past the half way point then I gave up. I wanted to make a second try but I do not have patience to go through unskippable cutscenes again.Should you buy it? On sale yes."
76561198043350889,Recommended,302510,21248693,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,"I wish more people played this game, gladiator multiplayer mode is awesome.  Good fun for a while, get a copy cheap."
76561198004173841,Not Recommended,302510,34342190,Posted: 18 August,all,Donald Trump,"♥♥♥♥♥game,♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay, same♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197960458147,Recommended,302510,21385937,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Jackal,"the story, level design, collectibles, skill system, optimization, ui, and even the characters are all completely awful and the first 2 hours is you finding your helmet in what i would call, call of duty: rome edition.butThe actual gameplay is good, and you will get better at it over time. Similar to Mark of the Ninja, the gameplay is so solid that its almost like learning a skill and eventually you will get to a point where you make the button presses before any prompts, the combat flows extremely fast, and it is really enjoyable when the gameplay is that good."
,Not Recommended,302510,12652515,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,JuicyJ,honestly I wish I could have my money back 4hrs and 45 min. of the same frickin thing over and over and over. and the climax of the story...... well lets just say it was more disapointing than going to the fridge for that last piece of pie only to find your roomates already ate it. I'm discouraged and hope that if you do by this game your standards are set extremly low and even then you'll still be disapointed. I love movies too and do reviews on them as well and seeing as half of this game is one giant cut scene I'd still be disapointed if I watched it in theaters. do not pay 39.99 for it if your curiousity will not be subsided wait untill it's like 9 bucks or something then it's worth it.
76561198019599428,Not Recommended,302510,12439567,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TheUndefeatedBiscuit,"when I open the game everything is fine, but as soon I have started the campaign tutorial , the game lag and is unplayable, yet I have a good computer with a geforce gtx 765m graphics card with a processor Intel Core i7 , 8 gb RAMplease help me!"
,Recommended,302510,12562434,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Recon212,"Short and sweet: I hate single player games, Havent beat one probably since spyro on ps2. I beat this game in the first day it came out. Top 50 best games I've ever played(and ive played a lot) I'm an mmo kind of guy 9/10."
,Recommended,302510,12436331,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,tahoescrub,"this game is awesome...graphics are just superb...gameplay was a bit jumpy at first, just had to adjust things, no bugs to report...i'm on  a gtx 670 and it's just great"
,Recommended,302510,12435742,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,UncountedBrute,I now must change my review because within two hours of me writting it they made all the problems go away! it is now an amazing game with truely stunning graphics (even on low settings) and the story is so well written! it was very hard to put the game down but i feel i do not want to finish this game to quickly because it deserves being savoured!9/10!
,Recommended,302510,17891767,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Col,Best Steam Game for me. I like this game very much. I rate this game 10/10.
76561198083647465,Recommended,302510,12586073,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,adamlegare30,http://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=123381737&token=eDIb1eWc
,Recommended,302510,12439609,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Guzomlat3000,"Great game, story is not it's greatest side, but it has great quality. Playing with controller gives you impresion of some kind of movie. Even with my GTX 760 it runs great.I would recommend this game to everyone."
76561198059929035,Recommended,302510,13200092,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Scaramanga,"f you like blood and gore and you have a PC that can run this , Then its well worth it the sound is great and the kill moves and animation are first class .Its not the witcher its not open world its a epic linear hack and slash fest with great graphics"
,Not Recommended,302510,23287606,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Talby,It's not historically accurate.
76561198083644415,Recommended,302510,12444204,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chronic Mastication,My campaign was mysteriously completely erased. I have to start all over.10/10
,Recommended,302510,12444601,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,starfck,goodbye real life~
,Not Recommended,302510,31592414,Posted: 6 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,INdeed a roman hack and slashpros:third person hack and slashstory line was goodnice weaponCons:combat system is garbageplayer UI needs lots of workOVERALL:4/10**If you don't like my reviews become a curator and review games yourself.**Negative comments will be deleted so don't waste your time writing them.
,Not Recommended,302510,31052798,Posted: 9 April,all,Rico2,"♥♥♥♥ console port, avoid at all costs"
76561198012218021,Recommended,302510,22684394,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BillyH,I rysed to the occasion
76561198039644196,Not Recommended,302510,12630159,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Noah,"Must have missed that part in history class when [enter generic barbarian] could walk to Rome whenever they damn well pleased.Before you say to ""stop complaing about the horrendous historical inaccuracies"" or tell me, ""it's just a game, forget about history for a second"". Trust me, I have. The problem is, the game is not delivering a story that really stretches the imagination and requires a totally made up part of Roman history. Granted, there is some divinity and mythcism in it, but that can all be easily incorporated into an actual event. Yes, the writers have creative liberty but they weren't very creative. This is a very bland, very easy to follow story. Also, if you are thinking, ""history is boring, they had to spice it up"".♥♥♥♥♥you. History is not boring and has plenty of spice if you actually pay attention. I found myself trying to justify all the inaccuracies in this game by making MY OWN story in lieu of the♥♥♥♥♥♥I was presented. Alas, I could not. I'm not even talking about the armor or what not, I hate people like that and I see that as going a bit too far as long as the armor resembles closly what was used. I'm simply saying if you want to write a game that takes place in the Roman Empire, take Roman History 101. Every theme could have been easily transplanted into multiple points in Roman history and therefore everyone would have been happy. You would have appeased history fans by setting it in a realistic setting, you would have been able to carry out your story despite how dull it is, and you would have been able to appease a gamer who has no clue if what's happening is true one way or the other.In short, story sucks, game is pretty. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
76561197989990773,Not Recommended,302510,12442563,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TheRealDrHouse,"It's basically a bad port with lame pre-set keyboard and mouse controls.   It looks good, but if you are a true PC gamer and not some pimply 12 year old console fanboy, you will regret buying this game (as I did).  Optimized for the PC? Please.  Looks like Crytek has forgotten about what made its games great to begin with.  How did this happen after the awesome Crysis series?  I want my money back."
76561198008841848,Not Recommended,302510,12434980,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kyleffa,Too Buggy
76561197969760083,Not Recommended,302510,12440573,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Arlobadk,Worst game I've ever played who plays games like this I feel sorry for console gammers... Push this exact button at this exact moment or you're dead WTF
76561198029459881,Not Recommended,302510,12664255,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Hackholm,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.After 2-3 patches I still have yet to play a single minute of this game because of freezing. Wait 6 more months for the devs to get their act together and figure out how to code for PC before you pay them a single dime.
76561198011960754,Recommended,302510,12545656,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,agosparti,I bought Ryse:Son of Rome just for the Combat Mechanics & Visual Detail of the game & The protagonist Marius Titus Who is a Roman General who also became the semi-mythical Commmander Damocles. So personally I like to story of the game.Story 6.0 out of 10Gameplay 6.0 out of 10Setting 6.0 out of 10My review for Ryse Son of Rome is 6.0 out of 10
76561198216542593,Not Recommended,302510,33065037,Posted: 30 June,all,kaptaprism,"summary : if you want to waste your 24 gigs for stutters, go ahead.Bad ui and worst ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization i have ever seen. Full of fps drops and sometimes unplayable. And combat mechanics especially execution doesn't feel right. It could be much better, wasted potential.Pros :*graphics are looking good*storyEdit : Yeah sure fans. Watch comments all day and downvote some of them. Go ahead and download it."
,Recommended,302510,12435217,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BunniesOfDoom,"Enjoyable so far, though during Campaign I died, causing the game to bug out and not let me progress and there was not a save in sight? Anyone else have similar problems?"
,Recommended,302510,12438464,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,coldaxe,THE GAME GOT GOOD CAMPAIN AND GREAT MULTI VERY RECOMMEND
76561198044102017,Not Recommended,302510,12466833,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ruffuz,"la ♥♥♥♥♥♥ se pega cada diez minutos y caga todo el pc, el juego me corre full en todo pero este error caga toda la experiencia, espero que lees de cancer a los desarroladores de esta reverenda ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016284576,Recommended,302510,12591583,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,zooro ♛,best graphic in games this year
,Not Recommended,302510,23774446,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Counter Breaker,"If you buy this for a dollar, you will miss your dollar."
,Not Recommended,302510,31312003,Posted: 22 April,all,Gucci,"This game is autistic, actually the worst game Ive ever played. To save you all the pain I had to deal with while completing the story, just dont get it. Complete waste of money."
76561198202589371,Not Recommended,302510,20906395,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,kazahn2121,"A great game enjoyed it a ton had a coll multiplayer component as well brilliant gameplay and was just the thing i needed to get back into hack and slash games had a fun story completley inacurate though but every great play always had a few nicks and nacks to spice it up, combat wasnt to new but was easy to learn which was nice and graphics where awesome music was cool and all in all a fun game too bad about the xbone though they probably will never realese another game like this again which is a shame since it was so cool. f**** people who call games art damnit.I give this 8 scrobbles"
,Recommended,302510,12474530,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Marshmello,Only a fool would not buy this game. 11/10
,Recommended,302510,12445698,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PunchyBigBelly,"I didn't expected it to be this good.I can't find a point where i can stop playing lol.The graphic is good but not that great.-I use Max setting on R9 280x + FX8350The combats are well placed attacking counter attacking, and else, but a llitle bit less action.(i want more moves)Story line well take you inside the game, it is intense almost like you watch movies.I'm happy with this game worthed!!92/100 -"
,Recommended,302510,27823046,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C-137,"very good graphics, good story, good combat system and you can even use the nanosuit from crysis as a costume in multiplayer mode. a must grab especially during steam sales. 2.50 $ very worth it."
76561197969819787,Recommended,302510,16506273,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Amik,"One of the best games i ever played. The graphics are even better in the game then on the pictures, and the game also comes with beautiful surround sound that works well with my dolby digital live setup.  Only the graphics alone makes this game worth buying."
,Recommended,302510,13560360,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"If you aren't familiar with this title, basically, it was the butt of every anti-Microsoft joke possible when the ""next gen"" console war started, because it was pretty, and it was a ""God of War"" clone, and shallow.Ryse isn't a god of war clone. There's no such thing as a God of War clone, so stop reading right now if you actually believe in such a fable. Prince of Persia and Onimusha invented the genre before there was a God of War. It features the same generic gameplay and story concepts - for certain. Kill everything, deities, betrayed. You can upgrade health and focus. And, Hellenic and Latin culture happen to have eventually mixed into one Graeco-Roman culture, eventually. Aside from that the games are 100% different.Unfortunately, the story in Ryse takes heavy inspiration from Gladiator, not to mention a British view of Roman history altogether because Crytek happens to be British. So not only is the story quite cliche, but it's one hundred percent historically inaccurate, to the point that it almost becomes pompous. Nero was not emperor any time close to the conquering or invading of Britain, for instance. Nor did he have any sons. Nor was the empire ever invaded in this time period. Let's not even mention how absurd it is storywise to just say ""Oh btw the entirety of Europe is invading us they all hate us"" when this takes place during the Pax Romana. As a history buff, it's very hard to overlook these things. Like the fact that the armor is obscenely elaborate for the supposed time period, not to mention inaccurate.As for the gameplay, Ryse is not a QTE fest. You literally do not ever have to press the button you are supposed to press, until the literal last 2 minutes of the game where you WILL die if you don't. There is never a prompt saying ""PRESS X NAO"" and unlike a lot of other similar games - God of War, Dante's Inferno, Darksiders, Lords of Shadow - you are not going to be punished by losing an arbitrary chunk of health for pressing the wrong button. So, a 3 year old could probably do better than you at this game. You could play this game almost blackout drunk. That doesn't mean it's not somewhat challenging - you just have to play it on legendary for a challenge.Apparently it's worth a sidenote - if you are colorblind, sorry, don't get this. There is a way, somehow, to display button prompts rather than the colors, I'm sure of it. Crytek originally had the button prompts in the game before release and so that code is probably still there, or someone will probably figure out eventually how to mod it.Having said all that, time to address the main feature:OH MY GAWD, no seriously, Ryse has the best graphics in the history of all time. They are amazing. The graphics were absurd on Xbox at 900p on lower settings - crank this up to 4k or even 1080p with super samping and it's ridiculous. It will run perfectly fine on any Haswell card at high settings, minus the supersampling if you have a lower end card like my 750ti, and even an OG i7.When the game goes down to $20 again, it is absolutely worth the money. You might read about the cinematic experience of Ryse and it's not a lie, the game is awesome as far as presentation and visuals, voice acting, animation, and environments go. Absolutely beautiful. There are a lot of modern games where the visuals and cinematics are so great that you actually remember the characters faces and personalities - this is one of them, definitely. The game play could definitely do with some improvements, and we could only hope that lesson sinks in - assuming Crytek doesn't go out of business completely and continues this into a franchise."
,Not Recommended,302510,23891241,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,发津里差 温馬喇,"suck lol, poor game"
,Not Recommended,302510,28233945,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,✪ OpTic Harambe,If I wanted this many cutscenes I would of watched a documentary of an emo persons life
76561198022076870,Not Recommended,302510,28300235,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,leopro,Simply horrible.
76561198052274220,Not Recommended,302510,18081811,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Bruce Wayne,WORST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,302510,20445914,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Frendle,"While at first the game seems like just some glorified quick time event where you push the buttons and the things happen, it soon kicks it up a notch and the combat really starts to get interesting.  You'll have to keep an eye on all the attackers around you so you can block or dodge their attacks while at the same time observing your target so you know how to attack them.  Between the sword and shield attacks, throwing spears, blocking and dodging, light and heavy attacks, there's a good amount of depth here and mastering it allows you to finish fights faster and look like more of a bad♥♥♥♥♥roman soldier in the process.  It feels very satisfying when you're preventing attacks by hitting someone with your shield a split second before their attack can hit you just as often as you're preventing them by blocking with the shield( especially when your attack was a big slow, hard-hitting heavy attack ).  Selecing what sort of bonus you get for executing kill moves (healing, more xp, more damage, or more focus) adds another strategic layer, and as the game continues onward it starts to throw in more and more variations of enemy types to make your battles more and more complex."
76561198024649441,Not Recommended,302510,23966974,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Baguette Bot,wtf story : Brits...on elephants...in rome...with non roman godsgraphic : nothing special in max qualitygameplay in highest difficulty : no difficulty with a gamepad ... legendary hit and recruit hit seems to happen randomly
76561198047554523,Not Recommended,302510,12432933,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,stephane_aubert,Comme tous les portages de consonle a PC on ne peut pas régler les touches du clavier C' est une honte je n' acheterai plus les Jeux de Crytek
,Recommended,302510,12505660,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,fam5283,'I didn't know  they already did another Gladiator movie.'  what was my uncle said when he first saw the footage of  this game playing on my Viera 4K Tele. That alone shows how badass this game looks.
,Not Recommended,302510,23880640,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SwYLm,.
76561198030135171,Not Recommended,302510,12483110,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Laurence,"This game is short and boring. The game has good graphics, but Black Flag is more fun. The game play is just button combos and so linar that it gets boring fast. This game is not a good value and is just a paid demo game."
,Recommended,302510,12438669,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Frankii3,One of the best Third Person action game I ever played :)
76561198323465640,Not Recommended,302510,33076700,Posted: 1 July,all,Commissar Lord Bernn,"Strongly not recommend. Will never recommend to my friends. Will request refund if needed.Poorly design game, without doubt.Combat system was okay, could have been better, but oh well.Hitorical prospective was garbage, especially near the end where they have about 20 legionaries defend the gate of rome against endless sworm of barbarians. Are you joking right now? they are legionaries, ordinary romans not f**king Adeptus Astrates or Adeptus Custodes, where's the f**king legion when you need them? And they f**king held the line. Are they superman now? All of a sudden they are super legionaries like Urban Cohort in RTW?plot was also non-existent, and I say this becuase it was so full of sh**t. They had to refer the Rome Empire as the empire instead of the republic-which I can accpet, the SPQR is long dead-however, ""return Rome to its people"" was a hiliarious joke under any circumstances. Rome never belongs to the people, especially when this supposed game plot happened under Nero... it was so full of democratic cliche and ""Good people can't do it becuase of rules"" I don't buy it. There's no such rule exists anywhere in human history, not even mentioning the mythology.If there's something I want to say to the PC, it will be something along these lines:When you had the chance, just do it, don't be a bit** about it. Be a man that Rome needs.It could've been a great game, but to me the plot just abosolutely killed it. If there's an award for ruin the game with ""excellent"" plot, this game will nail it 10/10 no problem."
,Not Recommended,302510,12438517,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,x3DAHYUN™,i play untill 1 part is video mode LOL hang wtf !!!
,Recommended,302510,31777144,Posted: 15 May,all,kool.kevin2006,"……|……………….…………...„--~*'¯…….'\……|…….…………………… („-~~--„¸_….,/ì'Ì…….|…………………….¸„-^""¯ : : : : :¸-¯""¯/'….....'\……………¸„„-^""¯ : : : : : : : '\¸„„,-""..........'\.....„„„----~^*'""¯ : : : : : : : : : :¸-"".:.:.:.:.„-^"" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :„-"":.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : ¸„-^¯.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;¸„„-~""¯:.:.:: :""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.': : : : :""-„ : : :""\.:.:.: : : : :"" : : : : \,:.: : : : : : : : : : : : 'Ì: : : : : : :, : : : : : :/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~"" Its good I like it."
,Recommended,302510,12535856,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BENZILLA,MARIUS !!!!
76561198116785398,Not Recommended,302510,33044111,Posted: 30 June,all,Icarus PH,Wft? My rank and SP has been reset!
76561198023875436,Not Recommended,302510,12442993,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GTX,"love this game but like many users said this game needs a patch i am running 2 gtx 980s in  SLI and this game runs like crap i am playing @1440p and I get around 30-45 fps all ultra not super sampling if i enable supersampling 2x i get like 12 fps =( dont get me wrong the game is fun, after an hour of playing the game crashed  =( i am going to wait for a patch and play the game after that, if not i guess i lost $40.00."
,Not Recommended,302510,25243628,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,JokerFTW,"this is the most dissappointing game I have ever played!!! constant crashes, missing textures , Invisible walls everywhere, I tried twice to pass a mission but invisible wall , and falling down glitch prevented me,Dont even think to buy this garbage, I would pi$$ on it. Garbage game ever. and Oh one more thing My RIG is well above the required specsReview Score : 1/10. 1 score only for CryEngine"
,Not Recommended,302510,23975512,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,s0m,One of the worst QTE games I've EVER played. Absolute atrocious garbo.You'll spend 90% of the game slaughtering waves of enemies with boring QTE attacks and the remaining 10% split between horribly low resolution cinematics and un-skippable boss battle intros.
,Not Recommended,302510,26292489,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Daikos,nah
76561198029611062,Not Recommended,302510,12639557,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Obould,Kısaca artılar eksiler olarak belirteyim+Benim için ikinci planda da olsa grafikler gayet iyi+Kolay oynanabilirlik+Eğlenceli-Hikaye daha ilk sahneden çok tahmin edilebilir ve kılişe-Oyun süresi çok kısa (5 saatlik bir oyun süresinde single player hikayesi bitiyor)-İkinci bir defa oynanabilirliği yok-Combat sistemini çözdükten sonra çok sıradan hep aynı şeyleri yapıyorsunuz ve basit geliyor-Multiplayer kısmı aslında sadece 2 kişilik ve 1 saat kadar oynamama rağmen tek bir kişiyle bile eşleşemedimKısacası vakit geçirmek için fena değil ama benim tavsiyem indirimdeyken almanız.Tekrar tekrar oynanabilirliği olmayan ve sadece 5 saat gibi bir sürede bitirebilen ve çok çok da iyi olmayan bir oyun için 60 tl vermenizi tavsiye etmem.Tavsiyem ancak 60 tl sizin için önemli bir rakam değil ve roma dönemi oyunlarını seviyorsanız alın.
,Recommended,302510,14184210,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Buck,"Ryse is beautiful to look at and runs quite well even on modest hardware - so long as you at least meet the min requirements that is. The world itself, and especially the charecter models are just stunningly detailed. The voice acting is excellent, and Facial animations are both extremely realistic, but at the same time fall heavily into the ""uncanny valley"".The gameplay on the other hand, leaves me feeling underwhelmed. Combat itself is very interesting, but ultimately feels a bit cheap, and limited. One one hand, there doesn't feel like any real rhyrme or reason to either your, or your enemies actions in combat. I found myself incredibly frustrated at times by enemies just whalloping the crap out of me because I don't feel like i'm getting enough prompting by the game. But at the same time performing ""Executions"" is extremely satisfying, especially ""Double Executions"" where you finish off two enemies at once. The combat also focuses heavily on precise timing, but even if your timing is totally off, you can still perform relatively well. This makes the gameplay readily accessible and generally easy to learn, but difficult to master (which is as it should be). Getting those ""Legendary"" Executions just right is going to boil down to memorizing the different Execution animinations and anticipating which button to hit.Outside of that, battles consists of annoying sequences of dodging arrows and tossing pilums(which I guess some may find entertaining, but I found annoying). The rest of the time is spend running around what looks like a very expansive game world, but you're really just stuck on rails running from one battle to the next.The game does NOT provide any ammenties for custom key configurations, and this flat out just sucks. While the game does provide you with a few workable preconfigurations to choose from, the inability to custom configure the keys is a huge hindrance, esp for me personally as I don't use the standard WASD layout for movement (i like using SZXC).This doens't kill the game for me by any means, and I still highly recommend it, but it does cause me more than a little frustration when i'm literally being forced into using a key config that simply just doesn't feel natural or comfortable for me."
,Not Recommended,302510,31876049,Posted: 20 May,all,Hydrus BlaZe,Write a review for Ryse: Son of RomePlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198107071207,Not Recommended,302510,23980728,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,vVat -  おっぱい,Don't Buy It's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198129489340,Not Recommended,302510,12605824,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kash($),im playing this game but i have problem in the middle of the loading the game freezes  and its super bad i hate it .
76561198015541542,Not Recommended,302510,12593624,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,urbanherbalist_uk,not able to play as locks up.what a waste off 35 quid
76561198330864528,Not Recommended,302510,29656607,Posted: 2 February,all,yep. those are bees,I was having fun until the main character fell into the ocean wearing full armor. He then proceeded to easily tread water. I've fallen into the pool wearing  jeans and it was tough to swim.
76561198030817391,Not Recommended,302510,12535761,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Pamela hot chick,This game don't work on my MSI nVIDIA 780 video card.
76561198015794997,Not Recommended,302510,12595654,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,scottfuckall,WHAT A PILE OF CRAP
76561198112152878,Not Recommended,302510,12613698,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,boohoohaha,THE ABSOLUTE WORST RUNNING WORST PLAYING WORST LOOKING GAME OF THE YEAR HE TENDS TO GLOW AND THEN BECOME SHAPE BASED OH AND EANY TIME THERE IS SOMETHING IN THE SCENE CHANGE THAT MAKES YOUR GUY SPIN AROUND ENDLESSLY o you know if your a fan of beyblade you might like this it blurs up looks aweful and the story might be good idk all i see is my vcharacter whirling around endlessly at a door do not buy this game if you are not a complete idiot
76561198050683719,Recommended,302510,12433704,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,☆Playful°,One WordBEST!!
76561197976815564,Recommended,302510,19184091,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Logchop Supernova!,"Rome, Gods, and Bloodshed. Those are the three words that come to mind when thinking about this game. With that being said, the story was quite short and the combat was repetitive. Graphically, the game stands on its own and the environments are great. But the port to the game has caused visual troubles for some others and for me, until I found some settings to stabilize the game. The campaign lasts around 6 hours or so, but it is quite the adventure."
,Recommended,302510,19157652,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Alson Entuna,"I got to say that the graphics of the game was really superb!  Such art and execution got me immersed with this game.  Well not wondering how they achieved these things through CryEngine.The slight problem that I encountered was that the gameplay was somehow repetitive for some of the parts but were managed to give a bit of uniqueness after the first parts of the game!  Also some parts of the game did not render the models properly like some of the textures were not loading, I guess they were in there LOD state 1 where the details were super low and also some characters did not animate like it took time (around 1 minute or so) to load their animations.  They just played their default animations but after time they played.  Also for the sounds same thing.  But yeah not to much affecting the overall game.Great job Crytek! Hope you would make more games out of your engine."
76561198206436705,Recommended,302510,18847545,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cowboybebop,Game is so good it melted off my face.
,Recommended,302510,18834194,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,FreebooterFox,"If this game was an action movie it'd be a blockbuster. Spectacular visuals, gratifying combat, a rousing soundtrack, a decent plot and the occasional glimpse of boobage. What more could one want?"
76561197962329506,Recommended,302510,18952303,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,WolfSpiri†,"Very nice game, very addictive and nice story-telling :) Just finished it, definitely worthed it!"
76561198075947076,Recommended,302510,18958006,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,sinbadjr1,worth to buy and play. recommended
,Recommended,302510,18974066,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,æPhatron@xæ,pretty good actually
,Recommended,302510,19104349,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Evo,"I don't know what all the bad press about this game was, it was one of the best games I've played.  Highly recommended even if short."
,Recommended,302510,29467840,Posted: 24 January,all,SoloTOV,"Loving the time period just contributes to my experience in the game.Ryse:Son of Rome has a good revenge story, awesome setting,bloody and brutal combat and good enough multiplayer (Still active).The only problem I found so far is the terrible optimization.You might want to tweak some options before heading into campaign."
76561198185998599,Recommended,302510,29473222,Posted: 24 January,all,SoulReaperX89_[SF],"Im not sure what happened with this game at launch or on consoles, but contrary to what many reviwers (like angry Joe) this game is truly not bad by any means! The Graphics are very gorgeous and breath taking and was very surprised. The voice acting and animations are perfectly done. the story is very linear so its not an open world by any means and it has some idiotic things like you can climb a wall taller than you but u cant go across a rope inches off the ground. also the enemies types are way too over used significantly more with the barbarians. Boss battles are ok and the game's story was to my liking tho not the best of course. the combat is ok tho not as bad as people  say it is it is like batman arkham games except not fluid and the executions are quick time events but are not as annoying as  others say or u can say screw it and hack and slash. this game is not the best in the world but its average or very slightly above average. i can say this is a 6/10"
76561198138377055,Recommended,302510,29566215,Posted: 29 January,all,stefano.maxx,"What can i say? It's like Call of duty with sword and shield.It's heavily story driven, a linear but enjoyable ""Russel Crowe Gladiator like"" story.Absolutely no freedom, you just move on following the plot on a fixed pathfighting your way to the next step, sometimes using fixed heavy weapons . There are some short tactical phases where you issue some commands to soldiers.Combat is very basic (easy too), you need a good timing more to enjoy its mechanics than to survive.Most of the fun is in the execution animations.I enjoyed the game but i would not recommend it if not on sale."
76561198087204933,Recommended,302510,29551041,Posted: 28 January,all,Hawksman49,"Underated game !You're a Roman Legionaire. That comands & fights his way from Rome to Britain. Each mission with it's own scenery and uniqueness about it.If you like Third person, Action, Violence, Realtime Combat then this games for you.Graphics - ExcellentGameplay - Excellent (very enjoyable)Level Design - Ok there could be some improvements here and there to stop eg. repetitiveness but overall GoodAI - GoodPlot - The game has a very rich soryCombat - Combat is very well balanced and interesting because you are required to make realtime decisions alot of the time. The only comparison I can think of is a ""Dynasty"" & ""Mad Max"" crossover.I failed as much as i tried to find any bugs. Big thumbs up to the dev team.For the qaulity of the game, This is a good buy.Overall: I have to give this game my 2016 GOTY for the PC !"
,Recommended,302510,17031012,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Snake_HD,Brilliant Game.  Gets a little repetitive but a good story makes up for it.  Wish there was Co op SP.
76561198194377287,Recommended,302510,17266354,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,superhero_jesse,it is a nice story and has some pretty graphics
76561197994876565,Recommended,302510,17253770,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Fozgoz,"This is clearly an astonishing eye candy!Controls very easy to master with a gamepad.Gameplay kind of repetetive timed button mashing.Story kind of shallow, but nicely presented with a few WTH moments :)"
76561198044752404,Recommended,302510,17277283,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,enchue,ITS GOODY GOODYRYSE整體而言，夏日特價買這款羅馬之子果然是對的，打折後二十鎂，對一款8小時破關的遊戲算是值得的。RYSE 作為XB1的新獨佔作品，採取保守的市場策略。RYSE壓低單機的製作成本，而投入多人連線的市場。個人覺得單人遊戲內容，就主流59鎂標準是不夠格的，但如果是宣傳電影的同名遊戲則是滿分，不知怎樣是否看官們知道大概品質到哪呢?角色評分(6/10): 這是充滿MAN POWER的電影，如果就瘋狂麥斯:憤怒道比喻，大概就是把五個妹都去掉的感覺。如果想看妹則建議換片，如果想看肌肉棒子的基情滿滿則大力推薦(腐女大概會喜歡)。劇情(6/10): 雖然加入類似特洛伊等神明參戰的元素，劇情張力很夠，但感覺不太現實。主角為了羅馬拼死拼活平亂，王儲一下就拆台導致整個蠻族暴動。這實在是莫名其妙。基本上是個爽片，但不太需要在意劇情，大概就是這種感覺。操作設計(8/10): 動作遊戲就像電影，劇情可以不需要，但動作不能太醜。手把的支援很好，即使動作苦手也可以用普通難度通關，而且打出漂亮的畫面。簡單易上手，但要很猛無傷也不是容易的事情，難度設計的拿捏掌握的不錯。音樂(8/10): 如果喜歡古典風格的音樂，這片音樂作得不錯，音樂好聽到打整天感覺都不會累，單獨拿出來放整天聽也很適合。
,Not Recommended,302510,17283540,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,Something is really wrong with this game. Looks really good and story is great. But there is a point around level 4 where it starts to lag really bad.
,Recommended,302510,17284604,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Ryse was a pretty interesting game. The combat is exciting and the graphics a phenomenal. The huge two downsides to this game though are that the game is extremely linear with no chance to divert at all, and the other is just how sparsely populated the multiplayer experience is. This game is worth playing though so I'd give it a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,302510,16830311,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Onuncuadam,"I think, combat of game is nice. Then, I love Rome history. Graphics is very good. I played 4 hours yet. But i love this game! If you like historcial and action games you should play this game. I love so much that :)"
,Recommended,302510,17303103,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jammin4785,"Ryse is a rather fun experience, if you dont mind that it gets repetative. The lack of combat diversity really makes the single player campagn seem repeatative and unfulfilling. Overall it's still a gorgeous game wirh an intersting story tho."
,Recommended,302510,17102534,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Stingbot Games,"Incredible Game.  At first I wasn't sure what to think as there were a lot of different control mechanics and the game seemed a little sluggish (just because my comp doesn't run it on high specs).  But after spending a half hour in I got more interested.  The next thing I know I'm interacting with surroundings, shooting arrows, catapults, leading armies, and slashing my way through hordes of enemies one after another.  Needless to say the game is absolutely fantastic and I'm hooked.  I got this game on sale but I'd gladly pay full price for it.  If you want to play through a live action movie with top notch production standards and excellent graphics and storytelling then this is the game for you.  I continue to be impressed at every new scene I encounter."
,Recommended,302510,13620477,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Set,.
76561198058505599,Not Recommended,302510,17225150,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Romes,"cannot remap keyboard controls... = automatic fail, uninstall."
,Recommended,302510,17227242,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ref,"The best looking game ever made in terms of technical fidelty. It looks downright unbelievable at times. This game gets a lot of flak over it's combat and how it's QTE oriented, and it is, but the base combat (outside of the QTE executions, which are optional) feels really good. It's very satisfying to get into a huge brawl and have to manage when to block, shield bash, attack, etc. Similar to the multi-baddie encounters in the Batman games.Story wise it's incredibly generic and safe. Deep within there are some interesting parts, but 99% of it is very boring and you really won't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about anything.I'd recommend it for the combat/visuals at a deep discount."
76561198004538005,Recommended,302510,16771129,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shattered Light,"Just finished the campaign. I have not tried multiplayer but single player experience alone is worth the cost in my opinion.Pros-Executions (like the slow motion action scenes in God of War). Marius, the protagonist, is magnanimous. He's genuinely a good soldier who just wants to defend Rome and make his father proud. But if you cross him, he will make you suffer. And I love it. I love it even more in slow motion. I love it so much I wish I knew how to better control which executions I use. I think it's based on your position relative to the enemy when you initiate the execution command.-Visuals. The detail is incredible. I love that you have fluid camera rotation out the box. As you do slow motion action scenes, you can usual move the camera around to take in all the surroundings.-Story Length. While the story is short with unsurprising plot twists, it's solid enough. The game is basically replaying the story of Marius becoming a soldier like his father leading up to the point where Marius is alone with the emporer (the game introduction). Most people like in long,complicated plots; but in my opinion they kept the story details brief and kept action as the focus. HUGE PLUS FOR ME.-Responsive controls. There's no lag. In fact, I find the control inputs to be quick and forgiving for an action game. You can put a last second block in when you should have gotten hit.-Multiplayer options. While I haven't played multiplayer, you have options to do several different modes including what looks like a co-op story mode, arena, and survival. I like that they give multiple options here.-Save Points. The game automatically saves. OFTEN. You can't manually save as far as I know but there'd never be a need to. You will always restart at the latest fight. And there is a lot of fighting :) .Cons-Story length is a pro and a con. While Marius' story is certainly satisfying in the sense of what events take place and how he handles them, some of the supporting characters (namely the two not-so-surprising reveals near the end) did not have enough depth. I believe it's due to the pace of the story. The story could have easily been told in the same amount of time without those two characters included. In fact, I believe the whole story could have been focused on Marius, Vatticus? (the general Marius reported to), the emporers, and the barbians. Even the small details they give the barbarian female could have been left out because most of her dialogue is yelling. It's nothing meaningful. She's just mad and yells. A. LOT. Kudos to whoever voiced her because she at least sounds believable.-Control explanations. The game does introduce most of the controls. However, I do not remember them ever explaining what focus was. Maybe I missed that. Needless to say, you can play the entire campaign without using it.-Picking up projectiles. It is extremely rare that you have to stop and pick anything up. In most cases, it's to get spears. But for whatever reason, the hitbox for picking up spears is so small you often sit there spamming E while Marius does a dagger flip move instead of picking anything up. It's incredibly annoying because it breaks the flow of the otherwise smooth and beautiful game. And because the controls are so responsive, you'll probably dagger flip 3 times before realizing you're not going to pick up anything.-Execution difficulty. It seems like even if you don't input the executions correctly, Marius still wins the brawl. The only punishment I found from messing up execution commands is that I get less points. Seems like it would be more exciting to have the enemy break out of the execution if I mess up too many. But even if you get all the commands wrong, Marius will still kill the enemy.TLDR: Get this game if you want to use a sword and shield to kill waves of people similar to God-of-War style. Keep in mind the plot is short but sweet. Ryse: Son of Rome is pretty much 60% action game and 40% movie with nearly seemless transitions between two parts."
76561198018951643,Recommended,302510,16783991,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Zippo Man,"Really short, like midget short but fun!"
76561198006589189,Recommended,302510,16785272,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Reklamny mag,Astonishing graphic and story....
,Not Recommended,302510,16999440,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Xile,game sucks as far as combat... graphics are pretty good and story is pretty good... just cant get over the combat... not worth the money till it hits under $5
,Recommended,302510,16580901,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pleb,"10/10graphics, gameplay, story & co-op are all amazing!"
76561198026400061,Recommended,302510,16585154,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Knight Stalker,"This is a really well done, third person, Roman super gladiator soldier game. The back drops are amazing, and it is like taking part in a movie. Your character is pretty tough and takes a lot of killing. In the meantime, he gets to hand out a lot of pain care of his shield, sword and ocassionaly a pilum.The more killing you do, the more points you earn which you can then spend on upgrading the hero. The cut scenes are brilliant and seamlessly move to the next part of the story. The main reason you know it is your turn to take control is because the health indicator returns to the screen. It is that seamless."
76561198064998032,Recommended,302510,16585540,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Caesar1214,"Ryse is a basic game.  The story is full of movie cliche's and my gosh will it make you cringe at times but it is strangely satisfying when it gets to the end.  The game only took me 7 hours to finish but I can honestly say it was 7 hours that I enjoyed and will play through again.The combat is the main selling point of the game and again it's basic but again it is satisfying to successfully kill 5 enemies with a chain of combos without getting hit.At full price Ryse is a stretch, but I think on sale its definitely worth playing.A word of caution though you had better have a good graphics card because my overclocked GTX 760 struggled with it!!"
,Recommended,302510,16587261,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AmericaMe,"Graphics are beautiful, gameplay is fluid and fighting is epic.I am Marius the Son of Rome.I am Damocles, all those who wronged me fear my vengeance.1000/1000 would fight for Rome again."
,Recommended,302510,16589559,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FireFox1237,"Very nice story, Very nice combat, Very nice gameplay. Sometimes a bit repetetive but the rest makes up for it.8/10"
,Recommended,302510,16589719,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FoltzwithBoltz,pretty swank game. makes you feel like a man
76561198012622776,Recommended,302510,16590310,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CugeHock,WOW!!! one of the best games i have played only complaint is that it was too short. what an amazing story line and the graphics througought the entire game were unbelievable. 10/10 You should buy this game
,Recommended,302510,16591844,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pencilvester,"The core combat mechanics are neither innovative, nor particularly interesting, and become quite formulaic once you figure out how to defeat each enemy type (of which there are about 5). The combat system follows a very Arkham-esque formula, but with little variety and none of the charm. Executions come in the form of quicktime events, which do look good, but get incredibly tedious.Despite this, I found the game to be fairly enjoyable. Some segments have you commanding legionarries in testudo formation from the front line, which was interesting even if incredibly easy.I felt that the story was surprisingly good, as we see a soldier of Rome climb through the ranks of the Roman military across several years. The game is quite short though, and it took me only 5 hours to complete on my first playthrough (normal difficulty).Graphically, this game is possibly the best looking game currently available. The cinematography during cinematics, the lighting during gameplay and just the general look and feel of the game is astounding.I do recommend this game, but not with particular enthusiasm and it definitely wouldnt be my first thought when asked what to recommend someone.If you are a fan of Roman history, combat games and this game is on sale then check it out, but I wouldn't recommend this game at full price."
76561198044626433,Not Recommended,302510,16592223,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,msemanko2,"This game isn't bad, but it's not good either.  Graphically gorgeous, great setting, but the combats gets super repetitive.  And that makes the game unfun.Part of the problem here is that they made this glorious execution system, but then (a) require you to purchase new executions with XP, and (b) hide most of the other execution forms under other stances.  (b) is especially bad because there is once stance which pretty much grants you a full health bar all the time.   And so fighting in any mode other than that one is purposely gimping yourself.This means that combat becomes, Y,X,X,Y,X,X,RT,X,Y,X.  Repeat.  Sometimes block.  And you'll get treated to a slow-mo arm hacking off with every enemy downed.  Which is really cool the first time you see it.  And then because it's the same few animations (see above) it gets pretty old.Comparing this to other brawler type games, Batman or Shadows of Mordor... There's no open world.  No real side quests (other than picking up scrolls along the way).  No vehicle.  No real climbing.  No setup to combal.  No puzzle type levels.  No stealth.The story line is interesting and dramatic, but that's just not enough for my recommendation."
76561197992437570,Recommended,302510,14239701,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Clavdivs,"I see that Ryse: Son of Rome is on sale again. If you see it on sale, you really should pick it up. That is, if you got a good controller. I never really could get the fluid combat going with keyboard and mouse.Quickly told, this is a game about hacking and slashing your way through hordes of enemies. All you have to do is use your brain to think of combinations that will soften up your enemies so you can finish them of. So button-bashing in the correct time and order. And when you get the hang of it, it's friggin brilliant. At one point I felt like Maximus in Gladiator where he yells at the audience ""are you not entertained"" after slaughtering a group in the arena. Bad♥♥♥♥♥Draw-backs? Sure. I have some things I'd like to point out. You gain experience so that you can unlock perks. But it just feels ... hollow. I didn't really need the unlocks. Or rather, I didn't feel like I needed them.And lastly, this game is short. And it's actually even shorter, considering that theres over 1 hour of cutscenes in total in the game. But honestly, it really enjoyed it. I could have watched the cutscenes (and you can on youtube) and thought of it as a popcorn-movie. Enjoyable, but not an Academy winning stuff. But it's not you typical low-budget get two overworked monkeys to write something in a hurry. There is a proper story there.Anyways - If you're bored one weekend, give this a go. It's good fun."
,Recommended,302510,16671868,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bayernspurs,This is one of the many good games about roman civilizations .
,Recommended,302510,16673177,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Znippy  ツ,Short rating: 8/10Pro:-Stunning graphics-Good controls (gamepad)-Very good story for a game of this genre-Good musicCon:-A bit short (needed 5-6 hours for single player campain)-Gameplay gets kinda repeating-Lot of QTEMaybe won't buy it for the full price but very good game for a sale!
76561198052558845,Not Recommended,302510,17556744,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Matter Eater Lad,"Probably one of the most awful video games I have ever played in my entire life.Combat that doesn't change for 6 hours, terrible campaign that lasts 6 hours, terrible combat system that relies on either your reaction time to be 100% flawless or you lose, can't change difficulty once you've started the game, never actually lead your troops you just give them some stupid order that is nearly meaningless and mash ""R"" until the idiots fire some arrows.0/10, I would NEVER reccommend this game to ANYONE."
,Recommended,302510,17591914,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,HODOR,"pros:- Good graphics even if you can't play on ultra- Very good animations- Good voice acting- Story even if its short, its compeling- Enough variety of locations- combat, well yes isn't deep and such but it works perfectly for what the game was designed, quick pace and gory combat, its a linear game and not RPG so yes its simple but effective.cons:- Game lenght 6h is not enough- MP has good intentions and could be fun, but lack variety and promotes tedious griding to buy ""packs"" that works with RNG for what you ""might"" get (PLEASE STOP TURNING GAME REWARDS INTO ONLINE CASINOS) NOTHING IS WORSE THAN PLAY FOR HOURS TO GET CURRENCY AND THAN BE REWARDED WITH ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GEAR AND USELESS STUFF.conclusion:If you seek a very nice game for single player, worth current pricetag of $30."
76561198031545484,Recommended,302510,13636222,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,crazy_charlie321,"Totally awesome game.Why?Nice bloody combat, good smooth-easy-to-control-combat. Story is pretty nice, good voice acting. Difficulty can be set.Recommend it?Yes, for sure. Who doesn´t love playing as the Romans for a bit?"
,Recommended,302510,17904946,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,アクマル,"once a xboxone exclusive, now in pc. kinda like god of war, too much repetitive battle, but im here for the graphics glory. a fun way of kinda look-a-like god of war. but average"
,Not Recommended,302510,17900161,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Twisted Fates,Mechanics in the game is clunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Throwing spears feels like you're throwing a sack of steel. Dodging feels like trying to move an elephant. You try to grab a spear and your character bangs his shield like a dumb fool. Camera routinely focusses on whatever the hell it wants and sometimes enemies can walk into a zone where you can't hurt them no matter how much you hit them. Just awful. I couldn't even bother finishing this game because it felt like I was going to break something at how bad the controls are. There are many such games with INIFITELY better controls. Go back to the drawing board on this one.
76561197969478461,Recommended,302510,17896347,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nachosaurius,"Beautiful, one of the best looking games around and with fantastic gameplay!!"
,Not Recommended,302510,14249399,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,rejectdaillest,I've had to re-download this game twice! AND IT GLITCHED BOTH TIMES 5 MINUTES INTO THE GAME! I AM EXTREMELY UPSET.**UPDATE: 8 MONTHS LATER... STILL GLITCHING
76561198037705419,Recommended,302510,17808419,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WigglyEagle,Yes
,Recommended,302510,17948125,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hydro,"Pros:+ Really fun gameplay+ Good replayability+ Online co-op as a gladiator+ Entertaining story+ Cool graphics+ Well optimized+ Romans!Cons:- Campaign isn't long- Gladiator mode is a bit repetitive- Arcadey combat mechanicsThis game is really fun, probably most hardcore gamers won't be enjoying it due to the arcade tipe of fighting, but if you love the setting and want something to play with in your free time without putting too much effort I highly recommend it.Definitely worth buying on sale for €10."
,Recommended,302510,17992012,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Multigun,"As an aspiring 3D graphics and environment artist, I am incredibly impressed with the attention to detail the artists gave to this game. With that said, campaign is very short, it took me about 7 hours or so to complete and I collected all collectibles (though with a guide to help speed that process up). Cannot give an opinion on multiplayer since I didn't try it. Story was fairly interesting, combat fun but rather easy on the 3rd hardest difficulty (hardest was locked). Overall recommend, but would suggest to wait for a sale if you intend to play single player only."
76561198015529246,Recommended,302510,16930314,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Andy,"Graphics are great.Gameplay is a little samey and gets a little boring.All in all a very good ""release game"" for the next-gen consoles that finally tests (a little) those high-end GFX cards.DO NOT pay full price for the game. Wait until there is a sale (spent less than 10 euros on this)."
,Recommended,302510,16930699,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Korvo,"It's inevitable that when a game somehow catches your attention, you tend to read reviews about it. So when the big websites such as IGN and Gamespot rate this game between poor (4) and OK (6,8), you kinda get septic about spending money on it, regardless of the fact that you are into this sort of gender, you actually love epic/historic stuff, and it can't get more epic than the Roman empire. So you find yourself thinking ""they can't all be wrong, can they?"". Well.. they can!Let me address some of those websites claims, starting with the good and redundant stuff:There is no denying that Ryse: Son Of Rome is one of the best looking games to date. The art and animation elevated the standards not only during the gameplay but also during the simply amazing cutscenes and real time events (probably Tomb Raider or even good old Skyrim are the only ones that can get close to it, since I'm not counting the recently released Arkham Knight).Although the story is somehow predictable as you begin to get closer to the ending chapters, the storytelling delivers in a way some major movie blockbusters don't.Oh, and while I'm still at it, the voice acting and it's animation is simply flawless!The gameplay is acceptable, and levels such as the one at the one in the Colosseum provides us tons of fun and enjoyable replay value without added things to go along.So I'll move on to what most claim to be the flaws of this game.Some say the repetitive combat rhythms are usually brainless, the lack of freedom is exasperating, the boss battles are repetitive and the violence is so commonplace it becomes boring. Guess what? I beg to differ!Being a gamer since the Spectrum days, my gaming style keeps changing as years go by. Depending on the time and mood, I can be a ""casual gamer"", a ""100% achievement guy"", or even a ""just the main campaign guy"". Recently, I beat the 1st 3 chapters of the Arkham franchise, so I was kinda fed up with too much freedom, too much thinking, and games that take me 15+ hours to beat. Ryse, provided me just the daily fix I was needing: A game that shows me the way to go, that doesn't let me think to much, with a simple and fun combat system, with bosses you might not beat the 1st time, but you wont need more than 3 times to do so (Centurion/hard level).Is this game a masterpiece? No, it can't compete with the likes of a Mass Effect and sure as hell wasn't built to do so! But in all honesty this game takes me back to good old ""Streets Of Rage"" days, where you could beat a game on the same day, and that keeps me coming for more, even after all these years! The last time I felt this was with The Bourne Conspiracy for Xbox 360.Maybe, this is why gamers rate the game between OK (6,9) and good (7,1).Conclusion: it is a good game, that I will beat again, this time around in 4K and legendary difficulty, just because!"
76561198110460660,Recommended,302510,16938039,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RockstarBeaver,"I wouldn't pay regular price for this game BUT it is a great game when you pick it up on a Steam sale.  The campaign story is good but not great, the controls are good but get really repetitive and the graphics are superb!  Georgeous looking game!"
76561197976588661,Not Recommended,302510,16944531,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,teckroe4,save your money every other game i own at thats about 133 play fine this one every few seconds minimizes itself still running hard to play when every few seconds you have to force it back up on to screen
,Not Recommended,302510,16829973,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,CrazySweeper,Mediocre.Generic story. Nice graphics (It feels more like a tech demo then a game) and sound. Oversimplified and boring combat.
,Recommended,302510,17118526,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,NVLLIVS,EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198145300638,Recommended,302510,17121803,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,yocyoc,"Great play through on campain, but multiplayer is pretty much dead."
76561197976718444,Recommended,302510,16885604,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Diablo Sucio,"Ryse Son of Rome tells the story of Marius Titus and his struggle to avenge his family's murder. Graphics in this game are stunning, although I was unable to run it maxed out at 60 fps smoothly on my GTX 680. In order to achieve smooth gameplay while maxed, I forced a 30 fps cap using Nvidia Inspector. Sacrilege, yes I know.Voice acting is top notch. The story itself is adequate, but I found myself losing interest towards the end. Successful executions felt rewarding, as they result in some ♥♥♥♥ing awesome kill scenes. While playing on harder modes, I did notice glitches, but nothing substantial or game breaking. Multiplayer was boring and finding others was difficult so I did not find myself playing online much. Overall a good game and I would recommend it.    7 out of 10"
,Recommended,302510,16892327,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,clint,"It's an okay game. Nothing especially breathstaking apart from the graphics. Very repetitive combat: block, bash, slash, finisher move 1, finisher move 2, rinse and repeat.Not an epic game, but a quick, eye-candy snack for people who don't have time for 'serious' gaming anymore.If you are interested, grab it while it is on sale."
76561198050156091,Recommended,302510,17395385,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kenny_Honduras,"I really love this game. The graphics as provided by CryEngine 3 are simply stunning and the story is not that bad. Other people say that it might be boring in the sense that the attack patterns of the enemies are somewhat repetitive, but it is still very entertaining and getting the correct timing for the combos is somewhat challenging. The colliseum multiplayer is very creative and entertaining even if you play in the SOLO modo. I just wish I had more playing this game to enjoy the co-op features."
,Recommended,302510,13515161,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gravelaw,At a 20 dollar price tag I am happy with my purchase. This game is absolutely gorgeous and the atmosphere makes you feel like a Roman badass. The combat is very fluid (think the Arkham games but better) but it becomes pretty repetitive even for a how short the campaign is(5 hours). They also reuse a lot of the enemy models throughout the game and there is little variation in their movesets. I would still recommend this title if the price is 20 dollars or less.
,Recommended,302510,13515315,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chef Boyardee,"First of all the graphics is just amazing, I love it when it comes to the part where you play in the forest. The shadow lookks brilliant, the trees, grass, the graphics is just amazing. But when it comes to combat, they might look really awesome at the first time, being a Roman and fight like in ""300"". But they get too repetitive and they don't have much variation for the executions which is a downer. The game is totally repetitive. But what makes me want to finish the game is the story, although it's predictable, the story is pretty good for me. Overall 7.5. If you want to buy the game, it's best if you buy it on sale."
76561198006483209,Recommended,302510,13515766,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chimpo / Chimpo#1956,"Visuals are amazing. Story is ok, on rails but lots of stabbing. The Colosseum arena mode is really cool and most mode types are co-op! The combat is fairly simple but every takedown is oh-so-satisfying and brutal. Definitley worth picking up in the xmas sale! I recommend."
,Recommended,302510,13411533,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Zaman,"Ryse is a very linear game, but in exchange you get superb next gen graphics that put my gtx 780 into good use at 2560x1440, the lighting, shading and reflections are some of the best I've seen so far in a game, and for the first time in a PC game the prerendered cutscenes are high quality and look flawless in 1440 resolution that its hard to tell when its prerendered or real time.Gameplay is as you would expect from a linear game, you watch some cutscenes, fight loads of enemies, watch more cutscenes, fight again, but its very well done and I was always attached to the story and looking to the next battle with anticipation. Boss fights are fun but almost all of them has the same pattern of attacks and require the same techniques, though they're always set in atmospheric, highly detailed environments which .Fighting is pretty and timing your presses is rewarding and sometimes essencial for late game boss fights, and the quick time finishing moves are brutal and I felt strong when cutting hands, legs, and heads of my enemies but I have to say that I didn't like the idea of using colors to figure out what to press in quick time events, the tint is barely visible and sometimes its hard to tell if its green or yellow so it gets frustrating in foggy areas and impossible when enemies are out of camera or under water. and speaking of camera, it mostly works good but sometimes it gets crazy in tight areas and put you at disadvantage when in battle causing frustrating, but luckily you'll be playing mostly in wide areas so it doesn't happen very often.The story is good, had some interesting twists and some weaknesses, but generally with the awesome graphics and well done voice acting my subconscious believed its real so I was immersed with the story and always wanted to see what happens next.There's a lot of invisible walls in this game, which was totally expected, but hiding collectibles in places where you would expect an invisible walls makes it unfair and sometimes its hard to tell where to go so I keep bumping into invisible walls until the objective location indicator appears.The leveling system is a nice addition but since next tiers are locked by the story progression you'll have to make few and obvious choices.The game was stable until the last 30% where glitches started to happen like enemies suddenly vanishing, and when the camera gets close to Marius he gets clipped (not drawn), and while nothing is game breaking it did break the immersion in some occasions.Overall its really good waste of 10 hours, and I was satisfied with the first run, and will play it again on hard difficulty so you should buy it right away if you like brutal fights and executions and top notch graphics, but if you're color blinded you'll eventually get stuck as the game heavily rely on color tinting effects to tell you what to do and it is barely noticeable to people with normal sight to begin with.I'm not that interested in multiplayer so I can't talk about it, but the single player campaign was enough for me."
76561198051242657,Recommended,302510,13423681,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,revill,"what a game the graphics show why pc is best and endless fun of slicing heads,arms,legs off. must buy game worth every penny"
76561198018555723,Recommended,302510,13420277,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,atreyuneverending(dual wielderz),Great game love it.
76561198085034414,Recommended,302510,30494075,Posted: 13 March,all,Dr. Hopper,"Very cool game with a great, interesting story and awesome graphics"
,Recommended,302510,13802891,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Unicornageddon,It's a buffet of manliness!
,Recommended,302510,13803066,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,1GoldGunFTW,Great experience in playing the single player campaign.
76561198151790373,Not Recommended,302510,13804478,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jason_guy_yeah,"Now that I'm about 50% through the game, I changed my review to negative because it became very buggy suddenly. The game up to this point was flawless. The game crashed on me twice and I would get ""stuck"" in imaginary corners in the wide open and can't move and my character gets slaughtered. Or if I corner a enemy, my attacks slide over the enemy, my character can't move again, I'm stuck. Enemies pound on my character until I eventually die and there attacks go right through the shield as if it didn't exist. My character can rotate in place but seems like he's stuck in a box.It's not cool releasing a 1.uh oh to paid users then release patches later to raise the bottom line. I think I really did enjoy this game but why are the PC ports getting worse? However I've found metal gear solid to be a great port. Same great CGI and cutscense but it has less of a load on the GPU.No game is perfect but until the bugs are worked out, it's not a full price finished product.I'm using a GTX870m 3gb vram, i7-4810MQ 32GB ram at the highest settings, no lag or choppiness."
76561198127418789,Recommended,302510,13798924,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,armordonio,i finished the game in 6 hours. I dind rush the campaign but i really looked much around me how buetiful this world is and i played some arena matches with friends.I think its good it isnt that long because you get bored quik with the same moves but i must say the levels are wonderfull made. The short story is very well put together so the flashbacks doesnt really confuse you and the ending isnt terrible either.I dont want to write a full hundreds of words review i jsut want to leave my thoughts after playing the game in 1 go.-sorry for my bad english
76561198144486085,Recommended,302510,13787940,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,No_$hit_Sherlock,good game great value for money
76561198027260613,Not Recommended,302510,13790704,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dnL,"Can't customize keybinds, must use one of their 3 presets. As far as I'm concerned, the game is unplayable with a mouse and keyboard."
76561198090132915,Recommended,302510,13752698,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FireFighterGrizz,AWESOME GAME! For some computers the graphics may need to be brought down for a good and constant running speed. Otherwise awesome campaign!
76561198005920534,Recommended,302510,13755677,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ghostly909,"Only negative thing i can say about this game is that you can't map keyboard to how you play.You are stuck with 2 set options and although these aren't the worst i've played with,I would have given it 10/10 if the game had a redefinable keyboard and mouse option."
76561197996325736,Recommended,302510,13671485,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dstrbd,This game is a very fun 3rd person that has a linear hack n' slash style campaign with a decent story line and alot of gore. The campaign is roughly 6-7 hrs and there are plenty of challenges should you complete the campaign. I have not tried multi-player (co-op) so I cannot give it an accurate review but from what I can tell it would fun.There are some camera issues when in tight quarters along with some dizzying blur but the graphical effects are quite awesome with a few changes of scenery. The controls are very satisfying with a moderate learning curve.This game can be played on a multiple monitor set up with a little bit of menu and HUD stretching but otherwise very functional.Overall I think this game is 7/10 for $40 but  9/10 for $25
,Recommended,302510,13673092,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Valco82,"Awesome game, gameplay and storytelling is well done. However it is short will only be about 6-10 hours of play before you beat the game. Very well done just wish It was a bit longer"
76561197996163492,Recommended,302510,12837006,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,{Snipe}Spettrq,"Awesome, Fast, Violence!It's a game just for powerful PCs.Up to 4+ Gb of my Titan ram were used on 42 inches plasma 1920x1080 p with extreme settings game.It crashes the xbox one version.If you like the ancient Rome you must have it.If you like gladiators absolutely must have it.Graphics next generation, really impressive, awesome!Must have it...but just with a powerfull rig and monitor."
76561197991717313,Recommended,302510,13744284,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,chiinn,first 30 minutes is ok so far
,Recommended,302510,13746519,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[LC]_Let's Cook,buy this game its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing best experience of my life!
76561198062757847,Not Recommended,302510,18196978,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,An Elderly Man,"I would not recommend this game because the combat is repetitive, boring and uninventive. Enemies simply become more powerful as the campaign progresses, which significatly draws out fight times. The story is lack lustre and unegaging, with little or no historical relevance and in some parts down right laughably bad. If you like mindless fighting, a story without depth, and characters that could be out smarted by a sack of gardening tools, then ""Ryse: Son of Rome"" is the game for you, if not then look elsewhere.Note: most boss fights can be defeated by either roll, light attack, light attack or Heavy shield bash followed by two light attacks, rinse and repeat.P.S. The game mechanic where you form up in a testudo and advance upon the enemy is quite cool, but these are short lived and some of the longer sequences feel like a roller coaster ride. but still this mechanic is cool and helps to break up the monotony."
76561197976840302,Not Recommended,302510,18198434,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Golgatha,"This game is an on the rails, third person quick time ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, gladiator copying storyline.  Takes about 2-3 hours to get the button timing right, regular minion health can vary from boss level to 1 hit. easiest strategy is spear throwing. expect boss fights to be dragged on with varied stages of ""oh, you thought it would be easy? Here's some nonsensical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and a health regen for the boss"", storyline is basic vengeance plot, almost Gladiator like, and annoying, very few things aren't predictable. Don't buy it unless it's less than 5$"
76561198073884568,Recommended,302510,18204762,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,quantumxii,game is ballin son!
,Recommended,302510,18205087,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Type Definition,"Fantastic graphics, good story, nice animations, and overall a fun short game, although boss fights can be annoying."
,Recommended,302510,18205588,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mic,Great game in Roman era
,Recommended,302510,18188922,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,PedroxNinja,muito bom!
,Recommended,302510,16631280,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Relik,"After playing the first few chapters this game is definitely fun, but i have heard it described as one long quick time event game. This description is fairly accurate. First the graphics are phenomenal, damn near photorealistic. As such, the game plays like a cross between a typical 3rd person action game, and quick time heavy cutscenes. The free form combat is fairly limited however in its complexity thus far. You basically have an attack scheme, a dodge, and a block. It doesn't get much more complicated than that. The executions bring in the heavy quick time events due to the nature of them being integral to advancing through any particular battle. The story so far is engaging and sufficiently epic to keep me interested, however, once completed, i don't know if this will have any replay value."
,Recommended,302510,16632265,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MaddLagger,"Looks good, handles well.  I am not really a story person, but the many differnt styles of story telling keeps you wanting more."
76561198100771358,Recommended,302510,16632397,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KANEDEADMEN,"got this during steam sale ad omg it is the best game ive ever played thus far if u played every game out there like i have and your looking for an adventure that involes blood and a great story, this is it i deff reccomend this title 10/10 i say"
,Recommended,302510,16633595,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,welchy78,Great Game - Just as good as the console version
,Recommended,302510,16633606,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nomad,"Fantastic story, linear, simple, fun, amazing graphics and details, great facial expressions too.Not every game must be open-world because I feel that games that are mostly story are the best kinds. Open world games are the kinds of games where you have to commit yourself to otherwise you severely miss out on many things, this game straight up gives you the story and life of another character.You get to see his purpose in the game and see his reasons to why he had to do what he did.The combat may be with only a Sword and Shield and have a lot of quick time events but personally I felt like this game was like watching a movie. It was exciting and fun to play and the constant action kept me in the game and the graphics was also really nice.Action junkies may really like this game because of that too, so many battles, fighting with skills rather than just equipment is a fantastic thing too, makes you feel like a badass when doing it.I would recommend this game because it has great graphics, great story, good connection between characters when done, good character acting, fun combat although a lot of quick-time events but I feel like it wasn't a big deal as I enjoy the movie feel of the game.I would definitely recommend people to this game because of everything in it, this is one great reason to why I always enjoy games made by Crytek"
76561198018981039,Recommended,302510,16635984,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dr. Cain The Bull,This game was absolutely worth my time and money. The Beautiful sequence of events and flow of the combat is refreshing.
,Recommended,302510,16644336,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kruden,Must be the best looking game in it's time. Story is great and gameplay enjoyable.Beautiful arts in this title. I reckon this title does not receive enough attention comparedto other early released and over hyped titles. This is definitely a must play if you likehistorical and 3rd person games.
,Recommended,302510,16674855,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Bay Harbor Butcher,graphic: awesome!story: awesome!gameplay: very funny and the movements are very well animatedtotally worth the price
,Recommended,302510,16678983,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Buckethead,"Awesome game, pretty simple combat, but worth it if you pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,302510,16711111,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,N6V. XiS <TeamVictory>,Amazing game!
76561198066358210,Recommended,302510,16711760,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CapnKittyLitter,Great game to play completely baked out of your mind. no getting side tracked nothing to sell or pick up. no puzzles. its pretty much like watching a long movie.
,Recommended,302510,16708970,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,M1PY,"My god, where to start. This game gave me an absolute blast, despite it's short gametime.Disclaimer: I got this game during the summer sale and for 6h campaign gameplay (there is still an online co-op multiplayer), paying a full price for this game would probably not be worth it, despite it's glory. Whenever this game is discounted and your rig is beefy enough to push this game to it's limits (preferably @ 4K or with 2x2 Supersampling) you should buy it!The story is great, sometimes you feel like watching a AAA blockbuster, because the cutscenes are just that great and the ingame scenery is beautiful. It has some slight fantasy elements to it during the last 2 acts, but personally, I liked it that way.The combat system is very fluid, I recommend using a gamepad, because that makes it a lot more intuitive. The fighting sounds are great, the music adds dramaticfeeling and never feels out of place. If you enjoy 300-Style finishing moves with quick-time-events which grant on-the-fly switchable bonuses for correct execution, then this game is definitely for you.Furthermore, the game itself is very linear, you walk from one ""arena-esque"" place to another, either guided by city streets or britannian forest. Whereever you go, the game never fails to stun you with it's top notch graphics. But the linearity never feels disturbing, if you address this game with the correct mindset. You won't be able to explore stuff, you are presented a well narrated and inscenated plot, despite not being able to influence it much.Concluding, I do recommend this game for everyone who likes to witness a great story, a simple yet very fun combat system with a ton of different finishers (which are upgradeable as well as other things such as health, damage, focus gain for ""bullet-time-mode"") and loves enthusiast graphics. You don't want to miss this masterpiece."
,Recommended,302510,16613275,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JamestheFallen,"I bought this game on sale for around $15.  I will say it is worth that and maybe even $20.  $40 is way too much.The campaign is roughly six hours.  I did enjoy the campaign.  The length fit the story very well.  There is some replay value to it also but I would say after two play throughs, unless you're an achievement hunter, you will be done with the game.Where this game shines is it's visuals and voice acting.  I have an Nvidia 650M and I had a bit of trouble running it.  Big fights slowed down my frame rate a lot but it was still playable.  The faces are very well done and the voice actors are so good that you can suspend disbelief and believe they are going through everything and you start to get attached to Marius.  And kicking a a guy off a cliff/bridge made you feel like shouting ""THIS. IS. SPARTA!!!!!""  Also kicking an enemy into a firepit was satisfying.Pros:Great Visuals even on the lowest settingsSupherb voice actingSolid campaign/storyFun gameplayCons:$40 is way too much for this game.(This may be only for me since I don't have a big gaming rig) the controls were unresponsive at times."
76561198098737478,Recommended,302510,16761596,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,razinahmed320,"Great story and the graphics are excellent on a high end pc. But i wouldnt reccomend this for $40 , buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,302510,16770583,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rdku,"It's no God of War, but it's pretty good.If you prefer style over substance, this game has plenty of that. If you have the rig to run it maxed out, it looks stunning, but since it is a port of a once Xbox One exclusive game, it will look pretty well regardless.The finishers are what this game is all about. They are pretty spectacular and managed not to bore me after the 6 hour campaign, which is quite cinematic.The gameplay and story are fairly un-remarkable. They kept me engaged, however the game is really too easy. The gameplay is repetitive as there is really not much depth to the combat and the story... well let's just say that Crytek are slowly getting better at puting interesting stories out there. Having said that though, I can't really say it's much more interesting or better written that the ones from the Crysis games, which were decent but nothing special.I haven't tried the multiplayer, but on the basis of the singleplayer alone, I would fully recommend this game when it is on sale. I will most likely play it again at one point due to the easiness to get into it, the cool finishers and nice graphics."
76561198023690183,Recommended,302510,16770655,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ifrinn,"Short, fun, sweet, very well voice acted. Very good gameplay. Like a 7 hour movie/game hack n slash. Very well done."
76561198069691340,Recommended,302510,16811902,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mjau?,"The quicktime stuff isn´t as bad as some peolpe here make it out to be, didnt bother me at all.Gamelay is awesome and the graphics is INSANE.I can´t really say I recomend this game in full price since I finnished  the game in 5hours.If you are looking for a game that is straight forward with lots of action and cool gamelay, then wait for a sale and buy it!"
,Recommended,302510,16817354,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sephiroth313,"Actually, this is a pretty good game and very pretty as well, the controller support is spot on as well as keyboard and mouse play."
,Recommended,302510,16101518,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MegaManXIII,"Yes, I understand it is a simple hack and slash game and it is not very challenging, however I would recommend this game on storyline alone.  Very good graphics and fluid gameplay.  I enjoyed it.  Multiplayer needs serious work, and is basically unplayable."
76561198025609048,Recommended,302510,15457557,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Anuebus,"For starters, although its a console port, I will say its got a lot of polish.   Depending on your play style, the game has a lot of appeal in an action Genre.   Its also visually a stunning game, but more over for anyone who is a fan of the period, loves a good Gladiator story, is interested in Greco-Roman Mythology, and loves the idea of forged in a test of love, pain and hope, than this is the game for you.Pro's:  Solid Port, excellent combat detail, decent story and interesting game play mechanics where deflecting attacks and turning them on your opponent are concerned. The animation for the killing blows are great, and quite brutal, definitely had a ""Gladiator"" movie flashback a few times :)Con's: Several of the combat moves become very repetitive quickly, not a fan of the XBOX color scheme triggers for action moves. In several combat instances if you don't play with a game controller, you will feel it quickly since the game will require switching between targets quickly to deflect incoming blows.  Roughly 8hrs tops of game time which for the price point is essentially what I would boil down to theft.Charging a premium for a game that fails to deliver enough content to carry players beyond 10-15hrs of play time in this genre is a huge let down when most will at the very least deliver 20+ or more.  I'd wait for a steam sale, but I would definitely encourage picking it up at $25.00 or less."
76561198171052743,Recommended,302510,16800422,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,devin112,"my ryse on of rome is laggy as crap but other than that this game has amasing graphics, awesome fighting controls, and a good multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,302510,16564770,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LUKE :>,"Amazing game. Great story, graphics and physics. To short story tho (5-6 hours)"
76561197996041069,Recommended,302510,14451288,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sheekkie1,11/10 would slay barbarians again.
76561198020789809,Not Recommended,302510,14427611,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,endless mike,it was alright until you stop for a playing for a week. simple controls are best controls.
76561198006660080,Not Recommended,302510,14428936,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ayar,"This game is essentially a Flash game with great graphics and Roman inspired visuals. The game play is an exceedling over-managed experience, even for something that is a console port where such games are common, although not to this extreme. It's a corridor shooter with a knife.The best thing about the game are the graphics and the setting. The Roman-inspired backdrops are quite good; but you can't interact with anything in the world--beyond the infrequent over managed color-coded ""click the Y button now"" item. Don't worry about missing those or not figuring out what thing to click as there is only 1 way through every phase/level--remember, it's a corridor shooter in the worst sense.The gameplay is dry, repetitive, and gets old fast; which is saying something for a 9 hour game. There's no camera customization options so you're stuck with the too close yo-bro-step-back default over-the shoulder camera. Might be a limitation of the engine, of the devs to add custom/zooming viewbox code, or simply console-SoP.Regardless, probably around 7 hours in you might be finding it boring and/or irritating and want to accelerate to the end. Why? It's easy to delete, right? Well, gameplay is an excuse to show lots of cutscenes that make use of a really cool graphics engine we developed (seriously why else make games); and I think the character animation and corresponding voice-sync is indeed great. But ultimately it becomes irritatingly obvious that gameplay second, engaging interactive world second, engaging story second, everything second to showing off the cutscenes of our graphics engine.The voice acting is quite excellent.If you are at all a Rome aficonado, note carefully that this game takes place in alternative universe with no bearing on anything historical beyond some names that teens who skipped history class might still recognize from the multiple-guess tests they failed. In fact, those teens may have written the story for Ryse ([sic], should be Rise but friends of those same teens run the marketing department, fo' reelz).If you can accept this minimal suspension of disbelief (ok, not minimal, but come on...game), you might want to pick up the game at a steep steep discount on top of a discount just to have a couple hours of fun swinging your spatha or coordinating some pila throwing with the other legionaries and maybe looking at all the lorica segmentata that is, well, everywhere. If Romans are your bag and you can do that, I'd definitely get it on that discount. It's all the sophistication of a Flash game or Candy Crush, but still...Romans.Let's say $9-$12? Add an extra $1 if you will try multiplayer. Briefly."
,Recommended,302510,14430627,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MrInfinit3,"A True work of art. Plays more like a movie than a ""game"".A must have for any RPG lover.*Highly recomend the use of an Xbox360 controller*"
,Recommended,302510,14359183,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Skalfing,"Impressive! I love history, and the Roman empire is one of my favorites. This game brings the beauty of CryEngine to this amazing era, and the story of the game is really deep, showing the biggest problems of the empire, the emperors themselves and their nonsense view of the world with so much power in their hands. It was a bit fast to complete the game as I was addicted, but I'll surely play it again soon!"
76561198111364464,Recommended,302510,14404062,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT,A great port from the xbox one the graphics are incrdible and though the combat is quite repetetive it is still enjoyable and you should buy this game if on sale.
76561198204543220,Recommended,302510,14547790,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Horus,The game is fun simply put it has its negatives but it looks so good
,Recommended,302510,14573557,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TipHound,"Was it fun, yes. loads."
,Recommended,302510,14567447,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Excalibur,"I beat this game in 7 hours of semi constant play. I would reccomed this game for three reasons. It has good graphics  & stimulation, GREAT story line inculding the boss fights < +1 really realistic. And finally, its just plain awesome. I really enjoyed this game. Try it!"
76561197979928405,Not Recommended,302510,14570367,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,JINAK,"Disappointingly short.The game ends before it even begins. The story is nice but the game is far far to short.IF you pay more than $20 you have over spent.  Eye candy is so tiring.. I am so so sick of games that have wonderful graphics but are either crappy game play wise, story wise or length.  Drop the crazy graphics and work on making a fun and enjoyable game that lasts more than 8 freakin hours.!The game controls are most definitely based on the console.   So sadly this was ported from a lame console version.The story is rather spastic.  All over the place and frankly its at the end of the roman empire.   I'd rather have one that covers the entire empire. Thats what you are led to believe this so call epic game is about.. Nope, wrong.. Its about the end...    If you get this game on sale its worth checking out but again don't pay more than $20 for it otherwise you'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,302510,14481177,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PhoenixDIE,"Great Game, Good Story, Multi player not really there.The story is good. You do find your self wanting to see more, but then it ends. Wish there was more to the singleplayer game. Graphics are great. Camara angles kinda mess up when your trying to fight lots of agro and trying to get a good view of your attackers. But you get used to correcting it. Fighting style kinda mixes with AC and Batman. Not as smooth as batman and AC but still, Not to bad :DSearching for a multi player game can take up to 10 mins if your lucky, so dont buy it for that aspect unless you got friends to play with.As others have pointed out, get it on sale. Full price just aint worth it."
,Recommended,302510,14484033,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,inexxfear,"I loved the story line, the and the cinemagraphis and visuals wihtin the game.  It has its strengths here, however it is not openworld and you must go along a pre-defined story path.  Game play and upgrades feel like that of God of War and similar games, I just wish there was more open game play and free play, however that would probably have deviated from the story line making it harder to stay.  There are a lot of check points to keep you going, and ensuring this plays as expected.  The only other thing is the story line plays quick... Before you know it your game percentage for the game campaign will grow quick.  The only thing I have not played is the multiplayer, so I can not speak to that as I normally play the standard gameline and get the collectibles.I would recommend this to anyone looking for something different to play, its something interesting and the good thing is you don't need to pay for an XBOX one anymore to experience and enjoy this game."
76561198141539875,Recommended,302510,14525715,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,brentongoodwin33,This game was alot of fun. the story was good although it was short. graphics where excellent. a 8 out of 10 from me
,Recommended,302510,14642782,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dune Tiger,"Ryse is the epitome of AAA development in the 2010's  - amateur film-making with a massive budget.  It seems that AAA is where you want to go if you always wanted to make awful films, but ended up with a career in games instead.  As far as the trend in high-budget interactive movies goes, Ryse isn't terrible.  For that, it's worth checking out at about the same price as you would pay for a ticket to a theater, hence the thumbs up.  Granted, the long list of names in the credits shows a multitude of talented professionals who worked on this game, so no offense intended when I say 'amateur film-making' - it's just, if this is what you wanted to do for a living, why didn't you go into film and learn how to make a good one than wrap a mediocre one around some gameplay?  I don't get it.With that in mind, the best way to approach Ryse is to cut to the chase and call it what it is - an interactive movie.  Nothing wrong with that.  For a gamer like me who grew up with the boom of FMV games, I'm used to it.  Now, I firmly believe that games as a medium is a largely untapped place to tell stories, but it seems all too common to just ape Hollywood and call it a day.  Thus, what you have is essentially a linear trip through ancient Rome that tells the story of a soldier named Marius Titus and his journey to exact bloody justice.Opening with Marius (you) leading a force of Roman legionaries to rescue and protect the Emperor (Nero) as Celt hordes (led by historical figure, Boudica - which should have effectively placed this game on British soil, but let's just leave that one alone) descend in force upon Rome, eventually you find yourself holed up with Nero himself in a panic room of sorts hidden beneath the palace whereupon the story is framed around Marius recounting his tale to the distraught Emperor.  The story is broken into chapters as Marius starts his story with his homecoming from his peaceful post in Alexandria with the Second Legion.  His welcome, however, is cut short as barbarians storm his family's household and murder his mother, sister, and eventually his father.  With no place to go and barbarians running rampant in Rome, Marius finds himself fighting alongside his father's old friend, Vitallion, who promises Marius his desired revenge in exchange for joining the IV Legion to fight back the Celts.  It's here we find some resemblance of historical footing as Marius travels to Britain with the IV to assist Nero's two sons (Basilius and Commodus, who play important roles as jerks) in conquering the barbarian tribes (led by Boudica's father).  From there on, it's a straight-line romp through the story leading back to the intro and finally to its inevitable, predictable conclusion.The game itself showcases Crytek doing what they do best - knocking your socks off with some of the most stunning visuals available in modern gaming.  While it's easy to just barrel through the game and zip from cutscene to cutscene, those who are patient enough to stop and smell the proverbial roses will be treated to an endless array of sweeping vistas, beautifully rendered and handled by Crytek's engine, even on the most humble of modern PCs.  When the game isn't busy showing you golden sunsets and spit-shined marble pillars, it is just as equally effective at showing you ruins and the rubble and debris caused by ancient warfare.  Where on the one hand the game shows you the beautifully exquisite excess of Roman architecture, on the other it shows you the bloody and chaotic mess in the wake of war.  Over the course of the game, Marius will also get some visual upgrades as his armor changes (the story demands it; you never choose what to wear), visually mirroring his internal journey to maturity and... edginess.So between the beautiful scenery and the express train of a revenge tale, Crytek had to give us some sort of game to play, or else the whole thing was moot.  What we got was a pretty simple brawler that is, of course, visually marvelous and appropriately visceral.  With essentially a few buttons to swing your sword and raise your shield, you pretty much spend the majority of your time bashing people long enough for a skull to appear over their heads, at which time you can slam the execution button down and do a short quick-time-event-driven finisher which is always fun to watch, if not entirely fun to play.  While the overal combat feels like it came from a typical Assassin's Creed game, unlike AC where executions are short cinematic cuts from the fight, in Ryse, they trigger slow motion events where your victim will flash either blue or yellow, corresponding to X and Y respectively on a 360 Controller, which you press in time to beef up your score.  Failing one of these doesn't really amount to much other than the feeling that you screwed it up, but otherwise pressing nothing would still result in your opponent's death.  The only variation to this is a variety of enemies that can either defend or dodge your attacks with ease, depending - apparently - on their shape and what equipment they're carrying.  Otherwise, this monotonous fighting system (which is admittedly fun for the first hour or so up until you realize that this is all you will do in Ryse) is only broken up by equally monotonous ""man the turret"" sections or the somewhat entertaining ""march forward with your legion and throw pointy sticks"" sections.  The fascinating bit, however, is that each time you perform an execution, everyone else you're fighting conveniently stops to watch.Overall, the game, like its story, is pretty shallow, but still remains enteraining for as long as you can keep in mind that Crytek wasn't interested in selling a game, but a movie.  With that in mind, the movie isn't so bad - I'd watch it - and the game is competent enough to not feel like a chore, at least not at first.  For me, I think the game lasts about two or three hours too long, but then that would have brought in a whole bunch of other complaints from people who think that the only good game is a game that's 40 hours long.TL;DRIf you like games like Uncharted or anything by Quantic Dream (Heavy Rain), you'll probably enjoy what Ryse has to offer - a string of cutscenes interspersed with some visually-stunning combat.  It just gets old-hat fast and you're probably better off watching a playthrough on Youtube.That being said, if you know what you're getting into, then this game delivers.  Thus, if you're expecting a highly-produced interactive movie, this is one of the better ones out there on the market today, but if you're expecting something deep and engaging gameplay, this isn't the droid you're looking for.  Move along."
76561198011533891,Recommended,302510,14667637,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,axle69,Exelent game
,Recommended,302510,14670790,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,neoadorable,"Loved this on Xbox One and love it just the same on PC, though granted got it on Xbox day one and for PC waited till it was $20. Amazing acting, writing, motion/facial capture. The graphics are obviously better on a nice PC, but day and night better/$300 GPU better? No, and you still fight the same five guys over and over.But that's not the point. There are improvements, especially in loading times, and of course the greater detail and higher framerates are nice. Otherwise it's the same good game. The campaign is about 8 hours if you take your time to look for collectibles and soak in the atmosphere, the co-op/horde mode is largely useless to me. But this is a very replayable SP game, i've already done the campaign three times on Xbox and will likely do it a couple times on PC. A solid 8/10."
,Recommended,302510,14453737,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MarzenGold,"So far so good. A tech demo which is well written, and which has possibly more combat depth than Shadow of Mordor.Its pure fun too."
76561198039503834,Recommended,302510,14457047,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Merkwerkee,"Ryse is rather on the short side - I believe I beat it somewhere on the order of three or four days of leisurely gaming. The visuals are excellent and the storyline compelling - but I would say the execution system needs work. The multiple combos of left and right clicking, differentiating the left and right clicks by different colours, is difficult to predict as there is no ""move manual"" besides the somewhat less than verbose descriptions. The colours also offer a disadvantage to those people who cannot see the difference between yellow and blue, or yellow and the normal colour of the enemy.All in all, I found it enjoyable - 8/10 would recommend"
76561198019067484,Recommended,302510,14460822,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,anthony.mcdavid,"The Ryse & Fall of Marius Titus & The Romans From MarsTwitch or Die EditionWarning: If you are addicted to olden times and insist on playing in black & white, then you will be unable to discern between glowing auras of blue, yellow, red, and green, thus rendering a major mechanic of the game uncontrollable. Same for if you're color blind, but you can just buy a newer pair of eyes for that issue.This game danced itself right out the womb and into melee combat without a targeting system. Is it strange to dance so soon? Not when the cosmic colors beneath the mambo sun guide one to cinematically executing his enemy for a combat bonus of the player's choice. Don't worry; health is one's first sabertooth dream.I love the way the story walks; she's a cool motivator. And I'm not looting anything whilst pleading, ""Metal Guru, is it you?"" Instead, the combat is dirty sweet and she's my girl. Bang a gong; get it on. You're built like a car; got a hubcap diamond star halo. If you want to collect pretty gear, go listen to a different glam rock band. Beneath the bebop moon, all she give to me is cool kill. She used my head like a revolver. Well it's all right; blood is what she want.In summary, this ARPG is stunningly beautiful. It motivates play primarily motivated through enjoying the reflexive twitchiness of the combat, the graphic combat sequences, and the story. The game reminds me that my character has XP to allocate because I'm usually too tweaked to care for menu options by that point."
76561198066890957,Recommended,302510,14467489,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,aviationphoenix0214,"Beautiful Game. I always haved loved the history of the Roman Empire. The game helps add a more intresting atmosphere with a fictional twist. Superb graphics, runs like a champ, and it is one of my best gaming investments."
76561198151952540,Recommended,302510,16578866,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LỜI NHƯ ĐỒN,"The game looks like a movie, easy combat and co op mode is very funny with friends, highly recommended"
76561198089553926,Recommended,302510,19790664,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bulinjo,"This is a game that I long waited for, this is a first hack and slash third person roman based game. To me it's just great game with interesting story and beautiful mechanics, the only downside is that it's short :/But all together it's great game and you should get it wen it's on discount because it's to short for fool price."
,Not Recommended,302510,20365025,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Rotten,"I just wonder, why didn't even bother optimize the game for PC.There are tons of bugs. It's not even playable.11/10 refund :/"
,Recommended,302510,20363398,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,wheez,"Excellent graphics.A decent story, typical popcorn flick stuff.Combat which can become tedious and repetitive but is visually satisfying.Very short campaign, can be beaten within 6 hours.Overall, the game is worth the 4.99 I paid for it.6/10, wouldn't pay any more than £6 for it."
,Recommended,302510,20324392,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ABone,why when I play have a big problemwhen play for a while the game bug cant even control or do anything
76561198001251929,Recommended,302510,20379655,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,KasperKyd,"Awesome gameplay, graphics, story.. This game is a must."
,Recommended,302510,20385742,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,R2d2US,"I spent a good 6 hours playing the campaign on the hardest difficulty for the first time. Throughout that, I loved every second of it. It has a captivating story that will make you want to keep playing more and more, toppled with a good combat system that has an Assassin's Creed esque feel that is actually quite fun when combined with the execution aspect of the fighting. Now, if you are a decent player, you will find that the campaign will be sort of short and you might be left wanting more content. There is a multiplayer system that I tried for a slight time, which was also quite fun, but I did not get too far into depth on that. Overall, if you are just looking for a game to play for a little while while enjoying a good fiction story set in Ancient Rome, then I would completely recommend this game; however, if you are looking for a game to sit down and and play for a long while then I would recommend either waiting for this game to go on sale (what I did) or look for a game with more content. But in conclusion, I had a blast playing this game and with the amazing graphics, great story, fun combat, and cool leveling system, I would recommend this game to almsot anyone that like 3rd person action/story telling games."
,Recommended,302510,20385922,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,VlkStínu,"This was easily one of the best games I've ever played. I've enjoyed this game so much that I've finished it roughly in 3 days, spending each evening playing this title.It is fairly short (around 8 hours, but I imagine you could finish it in 5-7 hours) but has many incredible things to offer.In short, if you love great story, great, original characters, wonderful and long cinematics, cool soundtrack and amazing visuals - this is your game! If you are a fan of history, even more so!The combat system is in some aspects less creative and elaborate then in some games, but it is definitely not different from Batman games and can be very fun and rewarding if you let some flaws go past you. I did so myself and I've been having tons and tons of fun on the combat alone.In terms of art design, it is one of the best, if not the best game I've ever encountered. I've spent some time on looking in awe on all the incredible details, textures, lights, facial expressions, enviroment atmosphere. The character design was again, one of the best out there. I really felt connection with Marius, who was portraied as a ordinary man driven by extraordinary lust for vengence. And all the other characters - loved their faces, voices - energy in them! In most games, you can feel that the characters has been programmed, but not here.. Here you feel that everything is alive. That your character breathes, feels pain, grief.. I loved that feeling that was kept during the entire game.So all in all, this is in my opinion highly underrated game  (61 on metascore? That's really really sad... I can't understand how Tomb Raider can have higher score. This game is worth so much more!) that definitely deserves your attention and money. Believe me, it is worth it!"
,Recommended,302510,20292753,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,zur1x,You'll feel like watching an amazing movie while playing this game!!9.5/10
,Recommended,302510,20327190,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✪ Jamz,Really intense and fun Singleplayer and even more fun co-op in the ARENA!Slaying those barbarians is so much of a thrill! 10/10
76561197991090841,Recommended,302510,20374162,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Xcelera,"Epic Game. Takes you back to Ben Hur days. I regret waiting so long just to save a few euros. Great graphics, great storyline with excellent scenes. Do not hold back - Fight for Rome!"
76561198152310904,Recommended,302510,20367810,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ReFuElEd,"I've owned this game for a while and just now got to the end of it, and I must say... Bravo.  I'm italian, so I appreciate the latin historical atmosphere in not only Rome, but some of its most iconic enemys' territories.I'll start with some cons:Near the end, the game is extremely buggy for some of the final chapter, though playable if you REALLY want to finish.The gameplay is VERY repetitive.  Remember, this is a story based game, so the gameplay is more revolved around combat, not much else.If anymore cons come to mind I'll have to add them, as I haven't tested out the multiplayer functions.Now the Pros:This is easily one of the most beautiful games I've ever played.Anybody interested in not only Ancient Rome as a war machine, but Ancient Roman Mythology would LOVE this game.The story is very good and emotional.  You find yourself connecting with the characters as you play through the story.If you like 300 and epic/movie-like battle scenes, this is easily the game for you.I recommend picking this game up on sale if you're on the fence.  It's honestly one of the best games I've played in a while, and I'm an avid gamer of a large variety of genres.  Try it out and let's talk about it!"
,Recommended,302510,20162136,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dans,"Single Player ReviewRyse: Son of Rome is just a good game that could have been a fantastic one. It's visually stunning, the environments are huge and there is an outstanding attention to detail when recreating architecture, clothes, art, war and every other visual element related to Rome and the Barbarians. I consider myself to be a Ancient Rome afficcionado, so it was a very immersive experience to me, and it will definitely be for anyone into games with that setting.The story and how it unfolds are both very simple; it's an epic story like we've all seen countless of times. It recalls to Gladiator, Lord of the Rings, Spartacus and even God of War. The leading character Marius is clearly the standard badass protagonist. Although the ending was something of a surprise (no plot twists there, just unexpected), the game as a whole is just too safe, it never takes any risks regarding character arcs or plot twists, it's just the average epic. But let's be honest, who doesn't love epics? I surely do.The gameplay itself had a lot of potential. The combat is decent - not so easy to hack and slash through your enemies like in God of War - but there's a very small variety of enemies, both in visual and combat style. Considering the enemies are mostly barbarians, there should have been more diversity of combat. The combat under formation is rad, one of the most immersive aspects of the game. Fighting side-by-side with soldier, protecting and commanding them is one of the most engaging parts of Ryse, however, it should have been more explored. I reckon this would require a lot of work, but implementing more combat formations and group combat tecniques would have made the gameplay unique and even more immersive.The Soldier level of difficulty is fairly challenging for experienced players. It's not necessarely difficult, but it can be really troublesome at times. The controls aren't as intuitive as in most similar games, neither are the upgrades, some things can be very confusing.The collectibles are interesting, but looking around to find them can be a bore and it takes away the sense of urgence of the game. ""Hey, I have to save my soldiers from being burned alive, but I think I should look out for some random pieces of paper first!"". It is definitely something to do while replaying the game. The replay factor doesn't look that attractive, considering how short and repetitive the game can be, but the achievements, collectibles and different levels of difficulty might be enticing for some players.In short, Ryse is a decent game, it has some exciting and thrilling moments, but it is far too normal and ""safe"" when it comes to gameplay and story, to stand up and be remembered as a great game. The short duration makes for good fun, therefore I recommend it.About the multiplayer...I have not played it. The matchmaking is slow due to the relatively small amount of active players and being completely honest, it didn't appeal to me. It might be fun to play with friends, but considering it has the same limitations of gameplay as the campaign mode, it is probably quite repetitive. If you want to play as a Gladiator, Shadow of Rome is your game.Grade: 7/10 (Good)"
,Recommended,302510,20151300,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝diihii⎠⎞,It‘s been long since i could finish a game
76561198234198460,Recommended,302510,20151568,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jakehopkins14,"So I got this game on sale for $7, although all of the reviews say it's a very short game the plot has a way of leaving you satisfied at the end of it. The gameplay is fun, it's a hack and slash, so if that's what you like and you can get it on sale, I'd highly recommend it. As for the plot, it's slightly cliche, but it tosses some twists and turns in and overall, a good ride. It's optimization is okay, not great, but it's reasonable. The graphics are great whether you're on low or ultra and what few character models there are, they are done very well. The voice acting at points can be kind of bad, but otherise it's okay. I would definitely recommend this game whether you can get it for $7 or $30 due to the fact that it's a good story based game with fun gameplay and good mechanics (especially the executions, which never get old). However, if you have a probelm with being put on a linear track and like to do things your own way, I'd beware. Overall, throughout some of the problems people mentioned, I found it to be a very fun and satisfying game that definitely did a great job of getting emotion involved."
,Not Recommended,302510,20172507,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Carrying Harder Than Jesus,"This game is ridiculously derivative...  It thinks its batman in more ways than one...You play as some roman soldier and you fight your way through a bunch of barbarians Arkham City-style and you spend xp points on execution animations and useless/boring powerups.  Your biffle is a military commander who looks like Kevin Spacey and Pee Wee Herman's love child.  The story foreshadows like a son of a ♥♥♥♥♥...  I get being a spirit of vengeance or whatever... But he looks JUST LIKE BATMAN!  With a mask that covers the upper part of his face and a black cape...  Rome is ran by corrupt people JUST LIKE GOTHAM IS RAN BY CORRUPT PEOPLE!So yeah.. Like I said... Derivative...  Your money is better spent on an Arkham game. Play this game if you thoroughly enjoy the ancient Roman culture and Batman.4/10 Lack of Roman Robin, Romanmobile, and Roman Signal"
,Recommended,302510,20167511,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,primo.,"I spent new year's eve in my room playing this while my family was downstairs watching fireworks. I was like ""#noregrets"", but then I opened it this morning and my progress somehow ♥♥♥♥ING RESTARTED. GREAT JOB CRYTEK. YOU JUST RUINED MY ♥♥♥♥ING 2016."
,Recommended,302510,20099098,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Marti...,This game made me realize the struggles of running on only a $50 APU...
,Recommended,302510,20103718,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kn0bz,"What an INCREDIBLE game so far, truly gets you involved with the protaginist Marius Titus...Combat System 10/10Characters 10/10Gladiator Arenas 10/10Multiplayer 10/10CAMPAIGN (STORY) 10/10GRAPHICS (WOW) 11/10"
,Recommended,302510,20106881,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Modafa,- The graphics are amazing...- The battle is so good ( but after few times it get boring )- Voice acting was awesome- Great soundtrack- The cutscenes is amazing....i think Crytek really did amazing job on the Graphic
,Not Recommended,302510,22315284,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,OM3,"Boring,  unimaginative, and clichéd  story. Can't even bother picking up the controller to finish it."
76561198285114164,Not Recommended,302510,22314023,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kailashmk,the game looks amazing and that's the only positive about it. the combat is horrendous and the QTE implementation is the worst ever in any game. avoid even if you get it at dirt cheap price.
,Not Recommended,302510,22319803,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,samba987,"I found this game very boring and repetitive and very short (6.6 hours to complete on the hardest unlocked difficulty). The enemy variation very limited, you well be fighting the same enemies over and over. The game is also very linear, go down corridor, fight in a open area, go down next corridor. The boss Fights are very tedious, they only have one attack pattern each, once you learn it the fight drags on as they have a large amount of live.The game also crashes alot for no reason, and becomes laggy and chopy."
76561198007314188,Recommended,302510,22295821,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Gladius,"You want to feel what it was like in Rome?  This is your chance.  Yes, the game's mechanics aren't awesome.  So what game does?  Everyone who reviewed this and said it was easy only played the hard and not legendary.  The story is very good and the graphics are truly amazing.  Awesome job by the graphic artist department. I was truly amazed and felt like I was there in Rome in that time.  With the mysterious voice that comes out of nowhere and you are in an arena with people barbarians wanting to kill you.  Wow.  Just really a great game.  I will never get tired of this game.  If you want something to just kill kill kill, this is for you.  Enjoyable story, not super long, but still enjoyable.  Really great game for what it is.  Too bad there is no DLC or add ons.  Maybe in version 2?  Hope so."
76561198087506042,Recommended,302510,22292453,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Marcel Somerville,"got this game in sale for around 4 pounds, not a bad game but not worth 15 pounds more like a 7 pound game(get in sale if u want to get this game"
76561198045231881,Recommended,302510,22292558,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Phoenix Nefertari,"Nice game with great graphics.  The only thing I did not like was there was no ability to alter key commands.  You had to chose between two alternatives.  If you love to hack your way through enemies, mostly multiple ones at once, then you will like this game."
76561198044671388,Recommended,302510,22288574,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,rick,"This game is very pretty,great story, but very short. Beat on hard in 6 hours barely trying. Wait for a sale and expect some dropped frames in game play."
,Recommended,302510,22362978,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TheRazerMD,"FOR ROME!Finally a game where you can cut hands and stab the s*** outta Barbarians while being an OP Legionary. CryEngine 3 is seriously awesome. Too bad the story is kinda short. All in all, definitely recommended.Pros:GraphicsCombatStoryBrutal animationsCons:Short story (although enjoyable)Some performance issues"
76561198207431365,Not Recommended,302510,22363207,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,jpattersonml1,"This is why the binary yes or no review system of Steam sucks. This is the most ""meh"" game i've probably played. It does somethings very, very well and other things are horribly mediocre to just bad. The graphics are fantastic! The atmosphere and the world are some of the best i've ever played. Fan of Rome? This is a great game just to play to feel like you're actually in this time period. I spent more time looking at views and taking hundreds of screenshots than actually combating and moving the story forward. The story is actually good, not great, but i found it a simple, straightforward revenge tale that i was genuinely interested in finishing to the end. A few of the characters are also very interesting (even though they appear very, very shortly). Facial animations are fantastic. Voice and sound quality are also really, really well done. Now to the faults... Gameplay is bad. Like really bad. It's just repetitive, boring, repetivive, shallow, and very, very repetitive. My god. If it wasn't for the gory finishers and executions to reward the HIT, HIT, BREAK BLOCK, HIT, HIT, EXECUTE, I would have stopped playing in the first hour. You'll also see the same 5 character models over and over. Every Barbarian with a shield is some fat dude with a goatee. The enemy variation is ok though. There are several types of enemies that, while not interesting, make it the game slightly deeper. The game is also incredibly short. I finished the game in about 6 hours, but that doesn't include the screenshoting, mild amount of multiplayer i played, and collectible hunting. I died probably twice the entire game, making it also one of the easiest games to play. I played it on the medium difficulty but being pretty mediocre at most games and being able to defeat most enemies without trying means that you will have to play the game on it's hardest if you want some challenge. I haven't played much of the multiplayer, but like the single player it's meh. Fun for a few hours but don't think for a second you'll be playing it for a long time. I'd very easily give the game a 5/10 making the ""Not Recommended"" for those buying it at the $20 price point available now. I got it for $5 so i'm not gonna complain. I would recommend it then as the graphics and good story are worth $5. For $20 there are many games that are much more replayable, deep, and enjoyable."
76561198047865054,Recommended,302510,22363228,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kegsmash,Looking for some people to play MP with add me to steam
,Recommended,302510,22171783,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SynchroFear,recommanded
,Recommended,302510,22173901,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kizuro Shirosaki,"Not sure if this game good and all, I mean the graphics and the feels of playing is there. But the character would randomly going around and around. This also happen in the game menu, where the option keep going to the bottom. I thought it will not be a lagging game, considering the minimum spec for this is 4gb of Ram (I got 6gb)"
76561198090681740,Recommended,302510,22174087,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NzNoob,"I enjoyed my time playing this game. The graphics are really nice apart from a few scenes where it looked like I was on console, but I am fine with that! The I was a little suprised how quickly I went through the game. Just 5 hours game time. But all in all I am glad I played it. Action and adventure like this one needs to be on pc more often. :)"
,Recommended,302510,22173048,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SJuicebox,"Great game, top notch production, graphics, animations, music, dialog, voice acting.The campaign lasts a over 5 hours on Easy mode. Short and sweet.Despite the sound of it the easiest mode is fairly enjoyable to play through. Lets you breeze through all the boring mini game-ish events. While keeping the combat highly entertaining and still requiring a little bit of mastery on the controls.Has a few random fps drops here and there throughout the whole game (a shame) but it didn't detract from the experience.Boss fights are pretty boring most of the time, but the rest of the combat is fantastic.Don't miss out on the environmental executions, they are quite satisfying.i5 2500kNvidia GTX 980ti2560x1440Samsung Evo 850 SSDRan at max settings (no supersampling) 70-90fps most of the time."
76561198075213968,Recommended,302510,22170554,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PhoKing Good,Great game movie to enjoy.
76561198061677859,Not Recommended,302510,22170785,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,action1man,game controls all over the place !! feels mushy an slow seems like when you attack the game reacts a full second after the command in the mean time you have tried to block and push .so feels like you are not in control an end up pressing random buttons to get any reaction.i am having trouble after the first level trying to enter the palace as soon as i walk close to the doors my soldier decides to walk in random directions and unable to enter next level.camera view set too close to the soldier so cant get a true feel of the surrounding area think it would have been better to fix the camera higher an only face the direction the player is travelling or facing.feel like the mouse is doing too much an the screen ends up swishing around in all directions while in combat even after altering mouse sensitivity.one more thing probably my graphics card cant handle it even on its lowest settings but game runs very juddery not smooth at all.got more joy from watching someone playing this game on youtube than actually playing it only give this 3.5/10
76561198110366511,Recommended,302510,22172242,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Crixus_V2,Pretty looking game nothing more. Story is crap. The fighting system is bare bones. Buy this game if you want to see if your PC can handle this on 4k or just want to play a pretty game. Dont spend more than $10 on this I got it for $5 and got 6 hours out of it. This game is great for benchmarking
76561198080845594,Recommended,302510,22174163,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,dawnite,Highly recommended. Got it on sale for $5 it really a steal.Great game play and story.Just start 1hr into the game and im loving it.
76561198039846080,Recommended,302510,22174743,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dookie Sheeran,"Its brilliant, compelling story, good graphics, a little bit buggy sometimes, but the most important. Really good combat. I bought it for 5 dollars, it was one of the best deals ive seen for a video game yet. For 5$ its a must buy. Would wait for a sale though."
,Not Recommended,302510,22172752,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,righto,Great value $5 movie
,Recommended,302510,15795417,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Salad_Shooter,I only recommend this game for the fact that I enjoyed playing it. Unfortunately it's just too short I wish that it was longer.
,Recommended,302510,16617351,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Master Wayne,"It's a pretty game, sure. But the controls seem inconsequential. I'm only just on the side of recommending this provided it's on sale."
76561198001751163,Recommended,302510,16618927,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sNAKESTAY,Still stuck on the first real bossfigt agains minotaur Glott..........
,Recommended,302510,16620235,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ᅚ,"Cheesy, boring singleplayer, but the Gladiators man....the Gladiators are glorious!"
76561198175217378,Not Recommended,302510,16620943,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gorilazliv2scrw,I have above minimal requirements on recomendations to play this game as far as ram and drives go and this game will still not play for me. Im sure it is a good game im just not able to run it on my computer which is also frustrating because i ust spent money on this. Wouldnt recommend buying this game unless your computer is for sure able to run the game.
,Recommended,302510,16611730,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Oska,I haven't 'rysen' out of my chair since I got this game.
,Recommended,302510,16623141,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jeichi,Great Game! Such a powerful storyline to it and it would be nice to see maybe a part 2 or and extenstion because that was epic! 10/10
76561198057753098,Recommended,302510,16623954,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tornadic,I fit the minimum requirements perfectly and yet the game runs laggy and I'm getting at the most 10fps. Other than my personal computer problems the game seems epic and would highly recomend if you have beyond the minimum requirements. Guess I just have to wait till I get a better computer.
76561198024881176,Recommended,302510,16628937,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,johbowfor,"Great game, but controls could br better."
,Recommended,302510,16686538,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Manguday,"If you like Roman Era, you should try this one."
,Recommended,302510,16686502,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Paladin,"No spoilers!Pro:Visuals, sound & music generate a great atmosphere.Character animation and acting extremely good.Controls are good.I experienced no bugs.Checkpoint-save system well done.Playtime not too long (8h, yes, for me a plus)Linear gameplay (I like that)Cons:Battles and executions become boring very quickly.Story isn't great but still entertaining enough.Some tips:Well, you might say RTFM, but the following wasn't obvious to me from the start...Yellow glowing enemy-> press RMBBlue glowing enemy ->press LMBPress ""e"" for execution when a skull apears over the enemies head and mouse wheel to select execution bonus.use space=blocking frequentlyDon't forget to skill your character (press ESC)Overall:Good PC Port. The visuals alone are worth buying it... when it's on sale."
,Recommended,302510,16688538,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AlCap0wn,"Ryse: Son of Rome dosen't exceed in any aspect particuarly, minus the absolute gorgeous visuals that CryEngine 3 puts out. Still, its a ""cinematic game"" done right, and for 13$, it's worth the ride. It's pretty much a mish-mash of popular roman stories, and amusingly movies like Saving Private Ryan and Apocalypse Now in a Roman setting. It makes the history geek in me cry. Still, it's pretty fun."
76561198057882039,Recommended,302510,16688821,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,aurore_b,"Great game. Great graphics, simple yet powerful narrative. The combat system may lack a little variety but is nevertheless fun and challenging (the game is best played on the hardest difficulty setting). I believe the game was badly reviewed when it came out because journalists expected more. It remains a very solid game."
,Recommended,302510,16691592,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NamS,i'm not usually a fan of single player games but I literally played this one through until the end and was legitimately sad when it was over because I had enjoyed it so much. Graphics are amazing. Story is great.
76561198065699952,Recommended,302510,16435195,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kellen,Incredible movie type game. If you like the Rome/Gladiator action movies this is right up your alley!
,Recommended,302510,16436847,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,✞ dink,One of the best games i ever played.
,Recommended,302510,16440273,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,M4xj4zz,8/10
,Not Recommended,302510,22516635,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,DragNviper13,"I really tried to like this game. But it stutters, lags, glitches a lot. When trying to get through an area it froze my game and my computer. Combat is boring and not fun after awhile."
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,302510,21683401,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Ryse looks simply amazing, the combat finishers are brutal, gritty and for the first 15 minutes you will be amazed. Then you realize it is all just one giant loop, gameplay is repetitive and starts to get boring really soon. Also the price paid for graphics is pretty harsh, I have pretty good gaming laptop and Ryse lagged sometimes, framerame dropped a few times under 15 FPS on medium graphic settings. This game is actually better to look at than play, which is not always a good thing."
76561198282511267,Recommended,302510,21581333,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,NANGEDBRAINZ,Extremeley good game.
,Recommended,302510,21680181,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Thrillhouse,"If you have a solid computer, a 360/Xbox One controller, and can get this for $5 or less, I might recommend it.Gameplay is pretty repetitive, but the game isn't long enough for this to REALLY ruin it. The history, however inaccurate, is an interesting setting. Similar to God of War in terms of settings and reliance on mythology. The difference (aside from Roman vs Greek mythology) is that the Roman gods are very minor background characters that only appear a small handful of times, even if they may be driving the plot.The bulk of the game is very pretty Roman settings and quick time events. The quick time events are ""well done"" relatively speaking, but they're still QTEs. You basically play the relatively simple combat (parry, shield bash/break, regular attacks) until the enemy is hurt enough to perform a QTE execution. You have a few different bonuses you can level with your experience, and whatever bonus is currently selected will trigger once completing a QTE excecution. For example, you can have increased damage, or heal some health back.The plot is fine. Not amazing. The relatively unique setting (for a AAA action game) is helpful, but it's a pretty standard revenge story that will probably remind you of Gladiator.No idea how good the multiplayer is, but I'm going to go out on a limb and say ""who cares?"" and ""no one is playing it in any significant numbers anyway.""Again, $5 or less. And a good computer with an xbox controller. And some interest/tolerance of ancient Roman settings. Then and only then should you buy this."
76561198085900237,Recommended,302510,21605365,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dikke_Hamster,"Great game, nice graphics interesting story and original but short campaign and not much to do in Multyplayer"
,Recommended,302510,21660201,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,uKinkyThing™,+1
,Recommended,302510,21660362,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sir Cool,Awesome. Pretty much the same as Spacemarine!
76561198014603395,Not Recommended,302510,21776080,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kurpiza,"Very repetative game. Fun for the first 2 hours, the last ~20 is excatly the same. At some point the game lost all my upgrades which meant that it became impossible to play and there was no way of recovering; one of the most frustrating events of my gaming life. I don't recommend this."
76561198045176809,Not Recommended,302510,21768982,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LordGeiger,"This game is kind of a joke. I enjoyed what little time I spent on completing the story mode, but it's seriously lacking in depth. You'll spend the 5 or less hours it takes to beat this game mindlessly pressing a series of three different buttons. There are no collectibles that impact the gameplay in any way, besides spears which are used as projectiles. The fighting and the executions were fun and satisfying for about 20 minutes, until you realize you just did the same execution 5 times in a row. Basically, it feels like you're playing an interactive film about Rome or whatever... Only buy this if it's on sale."
76561198063028042,Recommended,302510,21530292,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ryno,"Great action, looks beatiful, BUT TOO DAMN SHORT. Catch it when it goes on sale"
,Recommended,302510,21525308,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ArunKC,"5 hours, good story, boring repititve combat. Would recommend buying it on sale and playing it for the story. Graphics are gorgeous and get 60fps in most areas on my GTX 960, but be warned it requires a good cpu as it seems to be more cpu intensive than GPU intensive."
76561198329097813,Recommended,302510,30717673,Posted: 24 March,all,abu.3zah01,"Great game although it is extremely reptitive in terms of combat moves , i got the game for 4 bucks so i suggest u do the same ."
76561198243122966,Recommended,302510,21472074,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,RaptorClaws,The game is just superb.The graphics is intense and the game play is fun. Its great playing in Multiplayer. I would have loved it if I could have more story while playing in story mode. I definately recommend it . Have Fun.
,Not Recommended,302510,21491248,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Eunmac,Glad I bought it on sale.- Short - 7-8 hours- Repetitive predictable fighting.- Only 4-5 types of identical enemies.- Levelling system is weak+Pretty+Story is ok
,Recommended,302510,21574157,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,WoofWoof,"If all you want is lots of killing, blood and gore, then this is for you.Graphics are good but the field of view is too zoomed in for my taste and there is no option to control it.Don't expect a meaningful journey from this game.Overall I enjoyed it, just to you know, relieve stress."
76561198070979111,Recommended,302510,21541583,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Caz,"This is a great game all in one bundle, gladiator fights, and role playing as a legionaire, and Cry Engine is beautiful"
,Recommended,302510,21557311,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,harr1s0n,"suprisingly great, repetitive but good. also ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥ that you have to kill at the end, that took me like 30 mins to do."
76561198031574316,Not Recommended,302510,21545143,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ghesh,I don't even know why I bought this game... if feels like an infinite role of either you winning or the player figuring out that multiplayer isn't worth it because f*** this repititive gameplay
,Recommended,302510,21678377,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,watkins.stephen89,freaking awesomeness!!!!
76561198127898570,Recommended,302510,21649068,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Look at Me,"Great game that looks stunning, and has a great story. If only it was longer"
76561197985772087,Recommended,302510,30533452,Posted: 15 March,all,MarnaBiceps-coccodrilloLELE,Dude... this game is perfect!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,302510,17461679,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Crazy Hamster [ru],"Beauty, exciting CGI, with story, very atmospheric."
,Recommended,302510,17413693,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Pundii,"As you go on, it becomes less of a game and more of an extended dismemberment-filled cinematic, and that's strangely fun.If you can look past the historical inaccuracy and the repetitive gameplay, definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,302510,17654593,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,cool beans,"Solid gameplay, but to really enjoy it has to be played for the story, and with a lacking and cliche storyline this can be hard to do. Have yet to play multiplayer myself.Would recommend buying on sale but not at full price."
,Recommended,302510,17661036,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SANUR_REEF,"Greate story, AWESOME game!"
76561198185140579,Recommended,302510,17663408,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,柠檬momo,"Such a nice game, stunning plus amazing fighting styles and motions.High quality graphic, addictive story line.Just a pity the story is little bit too short,can't have enough of it ,hoping for consecutive episodes incoming"
,Recommended,302510,17732667,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,"Its fairly short, but its a solid fighting game with a decent story and great visuals."
76561198033151940,Recommended,302510,17597596,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dee,"Amazing graphics and animations, game definitly looks amazing. I love the time where is game set to. Story and of course dabing is also great. Maybe just the gameplay its little bit repetitive,but i realy enjoy combat system. Game is not perfect but its huge step for players who are looking for games where you get feeling of movie and following good story and developers bring something new and fresh. I hope there will be more games like this one. 8/10"
76561198027694256,Recommended,302510,17610884,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Handy Cheater,"Good story, even it was way too short, if anybody likes ancient rome etc. you should buy this game."
,Recommended,302510,17652151,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,battlesamurai,great game to play but wish online wass more fun like a 2 player story  would of been nice to have  to it
,Recommended,302510,17543928,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Solid Snake,"I HAVE NO IDEA WHY THIS GAME HAS SUCH A LOW META SCORE ON STEAM!!This game is not super long. maybe 8 hours. but it is freaking smooth and beautiful. it has a great story. the levels and characters and cutscenes look amazing. the gameplay and controls are fun. not much replay value in the single player although i did play it again just too be amazed again by the graphics. I am running gtx 770 sli. so maybe it is a demanding game for some but if you have a newer rig and video card it should play well.This game also has  multiplayer. It is pretty fun. you and a team mate can face two other players as gladiators in the arena with differnt objectives to complete. You can also play horde mode in the colissium and aquire better skills and armor aloing the way. great game, amazing gladiator game."
,Recommended,302510,17759743,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,VANA,Отличное и даже превосходное кино! Рекомендую пройти.
76561198010800766,Recommended,302510,17760444,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,79%
76561198067235277,Recommended,302510,17759544,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sagrim,"Very interesting graphically. Beautiful animations and backgrounds. Gameplay has very interesting setting, especially the multiplayer, which is playing gladiator in the grand Colloseum. With the unique combo movements during fights, it does make a very fine first impression. Single player campaign has a very deep, altough very linear story to tell.What is not so cool later on in the game, is actually the fights themselfs. Combo moves are getting boring fast and enemy models are few. Soon one will learn the ropes with each enemy and the game is more of a chore and player is looking forward any new cut scenes and to spend ocasional experince for upgraded life, energy and moves. The game is quite short and those 10.7h played involves almost 4 hours spent in the multiplayer arenas, which gives the game a bit of a longer lifespan, but there are not many that play the game online and it's possible to play coop only. Some decent PvP in the arena would be much more enjoyable.At some points in the game, player is asked to make a decision on how to control army at his command. The choice is not really impacting anything :,( and since there is no more than one way to finish the stage, game feels more like a left-to-right platformer.If You like action games with a bit of history and good story, give it a try.Iam giving a Yes as there is no in between option. The game is 50/50"
,Recommended,302510,17761982,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ukdesigner,"Only wanted a quick 5 minute look after work, as feeling very tired... 5 minutes was an Hour in no time, and the game is Great fun! It's God of War having a rage! Best have a beast of a machine though to run this with Super Sampling on :)"
76561198025295991,Recommended,302510,18318965,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,killerbean,"Very good graphics (really!!), and somehow nice history. But that's it. The game goes just in a straight line of cut-cut-defend-cut-kill. Even with the last boss giving a good fight, it was easy, and the very last scene has an disappointing gameplay. Played it for 7 hours and I'm not going to play it again, but I payed just R$18 (kinda U$4), so it was ok for the price, and that's why I recommend it.  But if you want a similar-but-better game, buy Shadow of Mordor,"
76561198106031613,Recommended,302510,18373043,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ShadowOfDeathMF,"Its like a stabby, Mc stab stab simulator"
76561198074670302,Recommended,302510,18390112,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Topshot Tiger,"One of my favorite games of this year. Gorgeous visuals, awesome combat, brutal finishes."
,Recommended,302510,18266099,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Bars,"Juicy game, a kind of Roman thriller. The battle system is undoubtedly happy, colorful finishing. Many cat scenes. While this game may not like it all, rather an amateur."
76561197980650229,Recommended,302510,18288717,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Pendragon,"An amazing graphical experience but the single player experience is too short at only 8 hours for me. Having said that the story, the dialogue and the environments were all excellent and the gameplay mechanics work really well too. It all has the feel of a prototype to get some money in for a much larger project. If this is the intention then they will also have to build in more gameplay variation as it would get too tired too quickly in a larger campaign. This is one to buy on a sale, it would feel very disappointing if you paid full price for this. I really want to like this game but it just feels like episode one in telltale adventure series and if it was proced as such there would be no complaints."
76561198025209169,Recommended,302510,18291885,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ALDHAHERI,One of the best games i have ever played in the 2014 and 2015
,Not Recommended,302510,17949187,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vejita,"Really liked the Game for the first 2 Levels. Sure there is the  limited Combat and man it is on Rails, but the Story is engaging. It’s like a Roman Hollywood Movie.But then, it became a ♥♥♥♥ing Lack fest, by which I mean smoothly 60fps and then BAM 7fps Spikes in Combat. And this Game is nearly solely combat with a few Cut scene for good measure. I tried to set everything on the lowest setting, even turned the Upscaling on. Tried every trick the Internet has to offer, but no sorry. Your poorly optimized Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on superior Hardware (to XBOX).Maybe that’s why Crytek isn`t doing that well. Betted on the wrong horse with their Mobile and Free to Play First Strategy.Can`t recommend this Game. Liked it, till this badly programmed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥stuttered till no Fun was left..."
76561197992453705,Recommended,302510,18239860,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,I got this for 10€ and I really enjoyed it. It's pretty oh so pretty.The gameplay is fun and logical.Only problems I remember were that I didn't notice the battle upgrades before I finished the game and that the game skipped videos and tutorials with action keys so I skipped them by accident.
76561198039856731,Recommended,302510,18217589,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,Pros:neat GraphicsProgression in Game in ranks and skillsCool storyYou do loads of Roman♥♥♥♥♥♥You can command stuff and make different choicesCool quick time events that look coolruns wellCons: if you dont like constant fighting and action then get ready to be dissapointedgets repetitive i guess idkye this is 'quick time events' the game
,Recommended,302510,18219037,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ÇarÐeVerrΣ,"Brilliant game! Enjoyed it every moment- Graphics 10/10 , Gameplay 8/10, Story 10/10 HOWEVER I finished it way to quickly and I WANT MORE :)"
,Recommended,302510,18218132,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,GearLock,"Excellent storyOverall pros:+++Healing mechanic++Executions+good job level editiorsCons:---Fighting the same model over and over again--Wanted more then just combat parts when I'm aloud too playGet it on sale, worth the money"
,Not Recommended,302510,18224424,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Lily,"supersampling is insanely badly optimized (no supersampling capped 60 fps which is maximum, with it 13 fps), NO KEY BINDING options, there are only 3 presets and the 3 are AWFUL choices"
76561198135462106,Recommended,302510,18220984,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Tsawyer123,"I can see why this game doesn't appeal to some people but for me it feels so awesome to play. Got it in a deal and don't really know whether or not paying full price is advisable but for the awesome, although quite gory, kill scenes this game has so much of I would definitly buy this game"
76561198083278573,Recommended,302510,18220280,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nomicoe,"Just buy it! Seriously... Amazing game and I haven't even finished it yet. So easy to get sucked in because of the easy combo system, and QTE's (Quick Time Events).Also love how they throw in the shield line, and scorpion usage, fits in perfectly.On sale for 10 something right now is an f'n steal for pc!Downsides? Im not sure there are many, because once it starts getting repetitive (the main complaint), you can unlock new executions, and extend your focus bar, making it easier to link them, and basically make all the action seem like a movie.So yea, sure, if you hate QTE's.... Then w/e.. This game ain't for you... But the awesome cutscenes, voice acting, and violence should be more than enough to keep you entertained.10/10 If you can get it on Sale like I did for 10 dollars...9.5 if you can't.Yes, its that damn good if you like this type of combat system.Btw.. I haven't even touched the multiplayer yet."
76561198015441643,Recommended,302510,18219842,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,^2Le^3Holz,"First - I only played the campaign and finished it after 5 hours of play. For some this seems to be quite too short, but I wouldn't want it much longer to be.The levels are all very linear designed and most of the time there is only one way to go (except the strategic parts where you can place your troops into specific positions to aid yourself).The gameplay is not too hard and the momentum-fighting-parts (like quicktime stuff, I don't know the correct term) are fun to watch, because every fight gets this epic and intense battle feeling you expect from a battle in the ancient rome. Sometimes there are some flaws in fighting situations when multiple enemies are attacking you and you just can't block or evade every attack at that exact moment.The execution moves are quite cool to watch but can get quite repetetive, because it seems most of the time randomly chosen which move Marius (you) will do.The story is nicely told and doesn't leave any open questions about any character - nothing seems too mysterious about the plot. Anyway it isn't very deep - just classic revenge stuff.So far my overall-thoughts of this game.What I really didn't liked were sometimes the massive fps-drops which made some parts really hard to play. First I thought it would be a problem caused by my own PC, but my RAM stayed constantly at 24% and my CPU just got sometimes a high at 77-88%, but normally this shouldn't cause those serious fps-drops. Even after setting all graphics down to low (from very high/maximum) the fps-drops continued from time to time.The good side on this: The game looks still good on low which is nice.In short and with numbers:Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10Story 9/10PS: I played with my controller only and it was nice - I do recommend it"
76561197971073368,Recommended,302510,18231848,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,Makes me want to watch GladiatorX / X - would fight the Brits again
,Recommended,302510,18231400,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,EtrnL_Frost,"Are you not entertained?As long as you're not paying full price, you will be!This is a quick, yet fun romp through the brutal and bloody world of a master melee combatant in the form of a roman legionary.  Very impressive on the graphical front despite its age, the gameplay is also solid and - dare I say the cliche - deceptively simple.While the game does have quite a bit of allowance (I completed it on the normal difficulty setting in 5 hours), it really shines when you're playing it well.  It has the seemingly now common fighting mechanic that you see across the Batman games and Sleeping Dogs, where timing matters quite a bit and things play out like a very hectic and bloody Simon Says.The name of the game is executions.  Being able to switch out execution bonuses on the fly and reading your opponents is what makes this eye candy shine.Five hours might make you think ""What is this crap!?!"" - but you'd be wrong.  CoD4: MW was over in the same amount of time, and in both these games the time is just enough to get the message done.  The fighting is intense, rarely lets up, and gives you enough freedom that a second playthrough for myself is already on the horizon.I have yet to play multiplayer, but if it's any good as the single player at the visceral level, then I can't wait!About the only negative I can give is that the ending... oh... I can figure why it was done the way it was done, but why?  I hope this is not common thing that goes on.8/10- Did they really have to do that in the ending?  Sure, it worked cinematically, but...- There's no way to put this, but... Summer's boobs."
76561198059489821,Recommended,302510,18231790,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Deke11,Solid game with good story.
76561197991738385,Recommended,302510,20299624,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ruzael,Great game. Story line is great and combat is fun. While I by the end the fighting was a little repetetive the difficultly continued to scale which was nice. Although there wasnt many times I had to redo a section. Would suggest to play it on centurion or greater if you want a challenging game.
76561197960338329,Recommended,302510,20295361,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sgN,You get your money worth from campaign alone. Would deff grab it while this sale is going though.
76561198009182023,Recommended,302510,20275892,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dm23,"Really enjoyed this. A good simple story, good voice acting, lovely cinematic set pieces, the game runs beautifully even on my mediocre pc. I played its short (but highly enjoyable) main story in 2 sittings. Sure its linear, but the scenery and locales are stunning and the emperors sons left a lasting impression on me! Simple combat system, and i never tired of delivering the killing blow to the enemy. Great value in a sale. Highly recommend this title"
,Recommended,302510,20295026,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Auggernaut,"Although it is not a horrible game, it is not worth it at full price. I am very glad that I waited until it went on sale before picking it up.The games aesthetic is very beautiful. The QTEs are not that bad, they do not break immersion. The story is pretty good, despite being predictable at times and having the usual tropes.As far as replayability, I myself have no desire to go back in an attempt to unlock anything else.7/10 I do not regret my purchase. I may have if I paid full price."
76561198236933436,Recommended,302510,20286779,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,10q.#kNd,♥♥♥♥♥♥AMAZING !
,Recommended,302510,20288802,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mike,"Awesome, one of the best games i have ever bought!10/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,20278931,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[WC] Stabsley,"Unredemably boring. It's a dumbed down version of the fight system from the Arkham series, without any other gameplay mechanics to keep things interesting. Same moves, same enemies, same fights over and over and over again. I bought it on  discount and couldn't even bring myself to play past the 3rd mission. Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,302510,20279117,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jakebob,"nice graphics, gameplay is pretty linear."
,Recommended,302510,20276791,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gabber,"HARDWARE: i7 4790, GTX 980Ti, Samsung SSD, 16 GB RAMRecommended ONLY on -66% or higher salePROS+Great story+Satisfying combat+Attention to detail+Some stunning visuals+SP can be easily played 2 times+Terrific motion captureCONS-FOV 55 is one of the biggest cons if it gives you headache-Terrible optimization, game does not use hardware resources properly, still not patched (What the F* Crytek?)-MP is very poor, repetetive, all mods seem to be completely same, you get bored after 2 matches-Extremely linear-Combat doesn't give you enough challenge on higher levels and gets repetetive quite fast-Feels like game is rushed for Xbone demo-Occasional bad camera movementYou have to cap fps to 30 for smoothest gameplay or if you got 120/144 Hz monitor, you have to set it to 60hz because of incredibly huge drops and stutters somehow happening on higher Hz settings."
,Recommended,302510,20274961,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ron Burgundy,"Superb graphics, absolutely stunning. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,302510,20277888,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nukfam,"Graphics : 11/10 (Next gen game that really looks next gen)Story : 8/10 (A bit confusing plot)Gameplay : 8/10 (Kinda difficult to enjoy for someone who have color blindness problem)Campaign : 7/10 (6-8 hours, kinda short to me)Overall Score : 9/10Recommended when on sale only."
76561198219689907,Not Recommended,302510,20515477,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DookieSquats,Pretty bad game. V-sync on only gave me about 30 fps which isnt ideal when the game is all about visuals. turn it off and you get crazy screen tearing.
,Recommended,302510,20514128,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Chris Merigold,"Best graphic, best storyline, best soundtrack, best fighting skills...EZ PZ lemon squeezy~"
76561198081574711,Recommended,302510,20517527,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RDRKT69,BUY THE GAME ONLY WHEN ITS ON SALE!Single campaign: You can finish the campaign in 6 hoursStory: Marius is a soldier who wants revenge for those people who did him wrongCombat: Just like Batman Arkham seriesMultiplayer: Co opScore: Average
76561198113463646,Recommended,302510,20465029,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zeenderberg,recomended hack and slash
76561198129380421,Recommended,302510,20483038,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JayBlue,"Well what can i say about Ryse: Son Of Rome. Ryse Is a Amazing game with amazing graphics, this game never ceases to amaze me the story line is beautifully well written and done i have to rate 11/10 this game is wonderfull from the Shield Walls to the Moss On the Walls or the waterfalls streaming down a small cliff while you stab 5 men in the throat and remove all of their arms while they scream in agony and pain knowing that the glorius roman empire has come to slaughter them and claim glory for the SPQR. Moving on as i was saying the cut scences are beautiful especially the waves they are so well done and look so good especially when you just removed 3 random barbians arms and then stuffed it up their arses to the point where there arm is in the back of their throat and just when they start to lose consicousness from the arm you stab them in the throat and watch and 3 more come and try and stand against the glorius roman republic of italy, but like i said this game is wonderfull i really like what the did with the slow mo it feels so rewarding to just MURDER ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING JEWS OF BRITTANA WITH THE MIGHT OF A STEEL SWORD AS YOU CUT OFF THEIR ♥♥♥♥ AND FEED IT TO THEIR MOTHERS AS THEY WATCH IN HORROR AS THEIR CHILD IS STRUCK DOWN AND STAB TO PEICES FOR THE SPQR AND SOME TRY TO RUN BUT THEY ONLY GET SO FAR AFTER HAVEING A PILA STUFFED IN THE BACK OFF THEIR HEAD AND SOME FIGHT ONLY TO BE MASSACRED BY THE IRON HORDE OF ROMAN SOLDIERS YOU SWEEP THROUGH THE RANKS OF THE BARBARIANS PELBIAINS SLAUGHTING THEM ONE BY ONE SHOVING YOUR SWORD DOWN THE BACK OF THE THROAT AS YOU SLOWY DIP INTO MADNESS SWING AFTER SWING BECAUSE LESS A MURDER AND MORE OF AN ART, this game shows true power 69/whats left of the roman empire"
,Recommended,302510,20498598,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,michael,"This is a very, very, VERY beautiful game that everyone should play just to see what can be done on a modern GPU. It's a third person action adventure with sword fighting, some military tactics, some spear throwing, etc. I expected it to be a boring interactive movie, like some reviewers wrote, and bought it just to heat up my new GTX 960. In fact it's got enjoyable and addictive fighting mechanics, with skill upgrades, combos, etc. The game exceeded my expectations and I highly recommend it.There are lots of blood and gore in combat, but for some reason, it's not disturbing. Fantastic landscapes, costumes, almost cinematic realism, and physics are also great. The game is fully optimised for mouse and keyboard, it's not one of those console ports you need a gamepad for. Voice acting is superb. It's an expensive game, you feel it when you play it. Luxurious and top class in all aspects. Not sure if the story is historically correct, but well - it's a fantasy after all. Where a man is defined by his honour, not his tattoos :)"
76561198092319522,Not Recommended,302510,20500356,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,djpush_slc,"This game would be better if it wasn't locked at 30 FPS. Terrible port to PC. It's gorgeous and fun to play. I just can't get over 30FPS. It actually hurts my eyes. I have a high end PC and the fact that they ported such a beautiful game to PC without optimizing it, gets a down vote from me."
,Recommended,302510,20482274,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Allanushka,"Its visually stunning, has great voice acting and soundtrack, decent story and repetitive gameplay.I'd say pick it up if you have a friend, its decent when you play co-op arena.The achievements are fun to earn and doesn't really feel like a grind.All in all a pretty thing to look at but shallow from inside.6/10 would quick time evenT my game through again."
,Recommended,302510,20496869,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Gothickittikat ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,This is by far one of the most fun games i've ever gotten to play. I have a hard time playing a game and sticking to it but this game grabbed my attention. The music is beautiful and the graphics are stunning. It feels like you are literally in a movie. Its amazing. Non stop action much like god of war and devil may cry series. Story is enjoyable as well. Only down side is I have heard it is incredibly short which makes me sad. I will probably say more once I complete it. Happy gaming.
76561198030751455,Not Recommended,302510,21937691,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,deabury,didnt even try to pretend it wasnt built only for controllers.  all the screens still show controller buttons without conversions making it a total guessing game how to navigate screens
,Recommended,302510,22243432,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dicilion,"Not the kind of game I usually like, but it surprised me. 5/5"
76561198202789767,Recommended,302510,22246052,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hunterchase39,very VERRYYYY beautiful game   one of the most beautiful games ive evr played 2 days in and loving it fighting is awesome and the finishers are breathe taking 10/10
76561197993740929,Recommended,302510,22235789,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[Grognard]_MacDonald,"You will surely like this game if you're in some brutish gladiator throat, arms and legs cutting close combat.The graphics are just beautiful, the story is very descent but really to short (less than 8 hours) but then you can try it on a harder level as you character will be fuly pumped up from your first adventure.Some cool hidden Eastern Eggs are also there to bring up some fun.There a nice duo-player co-op arena mode where you make money to slowly upgrade your champion.The dark spot on this one is actually its poor combat moves as you frenetically click on 3 buttons and sometimes 2 others for some special tricks. Some could really get bored shortly.So did I like it? For less than 5 Euros. Certainly. For more, I would probably have feeled robbed."
76561197988623578,Not Recommended,302510,22240681,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Big red snack foam,"£3.75 = good£14.99+ = badGreat game, but no way would pay any more than sale price. Story line took me less than 8 hours to complete."
,Recommended,302510,22232895,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,mikee688,Your new GPU ( AMD crimson with Vulkan or NVidia ) would be happy or  #GPUchallenge on this wonderful game engine!Can't wait for VR version of this game!  --- and long - live Roman Empire stories ! and of course JC.
76561198284968972,Recommended,302510,22344634,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Diccwett,It is a very good game
,Recommended,302510,22958154,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MenphisHD,"epic game,.."
,Recommended,302510,22958157,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Judetheguy,Top Meme
76561198040273123,Recommended,302510,22926882,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,psybelligerent,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a fun game to spend time hacking and slashing with. It's story is pretty good but where this game really shines is its almost movie like violence. The executions are pretty brutal and I really enjoyed watching all of them unfold. However, this game is extremely easy and you repeat the same task over and over again. At the time of this review ive only done one play through on the hardest difficulty the game lets you play for the first time and I completed the campaign in about 5 hours. The fighting is extremely simple X to stab, Y to shield bash, A to counter and B to roll. You can only hit a normal enemy 3 times before they block you, anyone carrying a shiled you have to do the same combo, Y X X. They are carrying two swords? A A A Y X X. Two hammers? B B Y X X. The AI is incredibly simple and comes at you the exact same way every time.Its fun, and online can be challenging only because the constant onslaught without the ability to regenerate health. Think God of War, but shorter and more realism. Buy it on sale, its definately worth 20 dollars"
,Recommended,302510,22905651,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ToneLoki,"Some of the best graphics and CGI I've seen in a gameBetter than decent story line with great voice actingExecutions are very statisfyingBattles can be a bit repeativeThe game is little repetative overallSome say its too short, 4 hours or so, feels right to meThere are some multiplayer options I did not exploreMy Pc exceeds reccomendations, but still had serious frame drops in some battlesCrashed twiceFairly easy game to play throughFinal word: Its no God of War, but the bloody-good executions , the casual / easy to master combat, and excellent graphics make this a fairly enjoyable game overall.8/10 gg"
,Recommended,302510,22841056,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,st. marius,"good game.the graphics are so demanding that even with all setting down my pc (which ran crysis 3 in the highest settings with almost no noticeable problem) hardly could manage to run it properly most times. is not long but neither is short. has some good collectibles (comics and writings) which, if you want to read them all, you certainly will have to replay most missions at least a second time to find them all. so take your time to explore your surroundings and don't forget to look behind you.and when you are at the beach make sure to find all the skulls, it gives you a nice easter egg."
76561198173605305,Recommended,302510,30765998,Posted: 26 March,all,crisdragon4438,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,302510,22712731,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SpatialAnomaly,"So much potential in this franchise, I truly enjoyed the game despite it is somehow repetitive and short at the current price is a must buy. I hope the sequel will expand the possibility of this game as it could be a true gem,"
76561198164035614,Recommended,302510,22712881,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,FEEL TEAM SIX,"cant fault it at all. Marius is a character everyone can root for, the combat is incredibly satisfying and the cutscenes make me feel like im watching a tv series, apart from killing fellow britons its a bomb♥♥♥♥♥game !! 10/10 would drive my sword through a barbarians throat again"
76561198004862534,Not Recommended,302510,22667745,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,va*lveaiiscrap,"A really, really frustrating game! so much good and bad, the bad however is in the gameplay, hated it, graphics are great, sound is good, can not stand the stupid vids that play upto the point when the enemy is already swinging at you so when you can actually move it is already too late. Also camera angles, all of 2! what a joke. It constantly changes your view so that it is behind you, i like to move my camera around in the knowledge that forward is forward, back is back, left is left and right is right no matter what direction you face so that you do not spend every 2 secs thinking the camera is facing such a way so left is now forward. The amount of times i tried to block in a particular direction only for it to block in another direction, which makes gameplay almost impossible as you are fighting the camera angle most of the time so you know what direction the action you perform is. What actually happens is you get the camera angle right so can fight 3-4, it all goes great then the slow cr*ap kicks in and after the angle spins around like a spinning top and when it eventually stops you been hit millions of times, blocks and swings are all over the place as angles are shifting everytime the camera moves. Every game i have ever played has options to control your own angle to avoid this. This game thinks how can we annoy people to the point where game is unplayable as what i want to do and the game wants to do are in constant conflict. Also why can you only skip the vids 5 secs before they actually end, is this because if you get rid of the camera angle problems and the vids the game will take about 1 hour to finish and you will then wish you had your money back. 7 years it took for this game to be made, please focus on the playability for upcoming ones. I would like to add the smooth, seemless slow-mo's, when press either yellow or blue (right or left mouse key) are really quite amazing and are pretty much movie quality. Llamatron was a freeware game back in the day when asteroids was king and that was such a fun game i still have my old 520 st Atara so me and me mates can play it as it is a riotous laugh. In gen Llamtron is 1/10 for everything except gameplay which is 10/10, if they could just improve that then this game is almost perfect. I originally put do not recommend on this as the campaign was easy and over too fast, so play in legendary and the gladiator part for me is the most fun, not done the co-op yet but i know that will be good. In all i previously gave a bad rating, changed to recommend but changed back now to DO NOT BUY, whoever did the development on camera angles should never be allowed to work on a game again! Go back to pretending to be Spielberg with a cine cam in your garden and save all players the misfortune of ever having to experience your stupid idea and moronic camera angles. AT ALL TIME! THAT MEANS 100% OF THE TIME A PLAYER SHOULD BE ABLE TO CONTROL THEIR ANGLES SO THEY CAN PLAY THE GAME! NOT SO IT ZOOMS IN FOR CLOSE UP AND THEN YOU CANNOT MAINTAIN YOUR COMBO'S AS THE STUPID GAME KEEPS FOOKING YOU UP BY THE TIME YOU HAVE CONTROL A TW*AT HAS HIT YOU! I HAD A 92 COMBO AND MANY OTHERS 50+ THEN THE STUPID ANGLE CR*AP KICKS IN! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE TAKE YOUR CAMERA AND GO PLAY ON THE M1. You bouncing of the hood of a vehicle in slow-mo, close-up would be very satisfying. THIS IS A GAME NOT A MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEREFORE CONTROLING VIEW OF CHARACTER IS PARAMOUNT AT ALL TIMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT FOR 1 SECOND SHOULD THAT BE TAKEN AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 further word bell-ends!"
76561198053334877,Recommended,302510,22594379,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,tojejik,"To be honest, I heard alot of bad stuff about this game, but playing it on Ultra graphics, with this far, pretty cool story, but sadly the gameplay is really repetetive and gets rather boring in a long run, which is why I can't play this game for much more than an hour before needing a break.Other than the repetetive gameplay, the game has as said, B-E-A-U-tiful graphics, and to be honest, that was the reason I bought it.  The story appear to be rather good, atleast in my 2-3 hours at this moment, played through the story.Gameplay 4/10, due to doing the same stuff for the entire game it seems, but rather good when you've had a break from the gameGraphics 9/10  Only reason it is not getting 10, is because of some badly animated executions and cutscenes etc, other than that, beautiful game and scenery.Story 6/10 (Reviewed at about half way through the game) Story seems fairly interesting, but could easily been better.Worth the money? I bought this game on a sale for like 4.99£ I think, and if the game is on sale for about that price, I would say it is worth it, if you've got a beefy computer which can handle the graphics on Ultra/Very High, other than that, it's not really the best buy, but fair enough."
,Recommended,302510,22616777,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,s k a f s g a a r d,"I picked up the game on offer for around 7-10€ and would say that's a fitting price. The campaign took 8 hours to complete, and was pretty enjoyable. The storyline is quite good, the voice-acting is top-tier and so is the graphics. The gameplay is very linear, but with an engaging story it almost becomes an interactive movie more so than a game - and therefore, I'd say that the game is worth it if you find it discounted at around 10€ (I think 20€ is a bit over the top).Multiplayer feature is basically non-existing given that it seems impossible to find a match (no one plays it, essentially - so haven't had a chance to try it out).I played with a Steam Controller and it seemed fitting - started out with keyboard and mouse, which felt slightly off but was definitely manageable. Using a controller is definitely the way to go!The only thing that felt off about the controls, was the camera angle and control of it while running around - worked fine in combat however, which is what really matters, I guess."
,Recommended,302510,22579284,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ChaosReigner,Because of a Brain Blessed show all Romans have an English accent? Also only pay about 5 bucks for this game (it will be a really polished 5 buck game though).
76561198007486006,Recommended,302510,22665966,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,claudiassj,"As a classicist, my heart bleeds for the blatant historical inaccuracies: Nero as an old paranoid emperor with a corrupted son, the Colisseum already existing at his time, barbarians in Rome at every corner, Damocles as a legendary centurion... And all of this in less than half an hour of gameplay!!As a gamer, the graphics effects are astounding, the gameplay is fun, without ever being that challenging, and the story is nothing new, but it keeps you on board for long enough.If you are not a roman historian or a Rome Total War modder, you will have some good fun with this game, I guess!"
76561197979095986,Recommended,302510,13772478,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sgt. Rock,"This is, hands down, the most gorgeous game I've ever played. Got to have a good rig to really appreciate it. Ive never seen richer environments, or more realistic characters, and I've played a few games.Only con is that its a hack and slash, but does have pretty damn cool executions. Enemy types are kind of limited but its frickin eye popping to watch so who cares?-Having played it through it is without a doubt one of my favorites in recent years. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing to watch! Lagged out my gtx 780 thoughFinal note: I rarely finish games as Ive a case of game ADD, but this one I played through from start to finish-in my opinion probably one of the best games of 2014"
76561198076376175,Recommended,302510,13942327,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TT158,"Pretty graphics, and a decent story reasonably well told, by game standards. The action is ok but does get a touch repetitive. Only took about 5 hours or so to complete, so doesn't drag on. A good buy at $20 but I probably wouldn't pay more for it."
,Recommended,302510,14237046,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wounded Knee,I love this game! This has all the gourgeous visuals you would expect from crytek. Story isn't to bad either. The fighting mechanics are a refreshing detour from batman ac style games. deffinately woth full price and a must have when it's on sale.
76561197993793889,Recommended,302510,14169837,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Robstacle,"I really like this game. Story wise its a bit quick - the campaign is easy enough to belt through and once you learn the combat tricks its pretty difficult to actually die. They just ramp up the difficulty by pitting you against more baddies or bigger baddies or baddies with shields (hate those guys).  I really like the multiplayer element too - however I do have one gripe. It supports two people. Two. This isnt a lot - I presume this is to enable split screen for the console players out there; however do you think I can find a player in the automatch? Surely there is someone out there somewhere in the world looking to play at the same time I am. If you have a friend that plays this game - well that would be ideal, otherwise you are literally locked out of most of the multiplayer maps and modes. Which is a real shame and major negative for me. Getting gold in MP is like pulling teeth, its a very long and arduous process. I figure 'survival' is the best way to net cash but then again becuase I cant find a MP game, I cant play survival. PityFor Ryse Son of Rome to get my full recommendation - they need to add an offline component for multiplayer. Hell the single player has some decent AI for your troops - why not extend that to MP? Have the option to have an AI ally in the maps?8/10 would stab a guy through the throat again"
76561198023322479,Recommended,302510,13999008,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SwIndian,"Sometimes buggy, at least for me. As in the colors meant for the executions wont show up and i basically have to guess based on which arm he is striking with (sword arm blue/Sheild arm yellow). but otherwise a well put together game with excellent graphics and good to great gameplay. the story is cool, the ending makes you feel like a badass.multiplayer i have tried and so far it runs like a dream even with my shoddy connection. hope to see more games like this."
76561198001433609,Not Recommended,302510,15548782,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,McFjottolf,"Get it if it´s on sale.This game is basically a QTE (quick Time event) button masher. The graphics are nice and the story is nice too. However I found the gamplay to be tedious, just mashing buttons. There is actually no skill involved, it´s just a matter of pushing the buttons at the right time. You fight with a sword, but can´t really do anything other than 2 or 3 different moves with the sword. You can not do anything cool as chop of arms and legs or anything. You wear an enemy down by slashing at them until they are nearly dead, indicaated by a skull icon above them. You then get to finish off the enemies with some cool (QTE) animations.It is not a bad game. The graphics are nice and the story is quite nice as well. It is just that the combat gets really tedious and uninterresting after a few minutes. Get it on sale, but it is not worth the full price."
76561197991348693,Recommended,302510,14590269,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,The Living State,"I played the Xbox 360 demo before the game was released and (although I thoroughly enjoyed it) I couldn't bring myself to buy it at the time. I regret that decision. The graphics of this game were stunning. Cinematic-like scenes transition flawlessly both in and out of battle. Combat is fast-paced and immersive as I felt as if I were behind each stab, slash, and thrust. The single-player campaign was as entertaining as the demo had led me to hope. Admittedly, the story seemed  predictable at times but still managed to throw me for a loop once or twice. The multiplayer portion of the game (in which you fight as a gladiator in the grand Colosseum) has me still slaying barbarians to this day.All in all this game has my recommendation. If you find yourself on the fence about it I only hope this was convincing enough to sway your decision as the only real problem I found with Ryse: Son of Rome was it's small online community. Its a shame that such a thrilling game has fallen into relative obscurity.Roma Victor!"
,Recommended,302510,15601878,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Meats,9/11would watch angry and upset Marcus facial expressions as he cuts off arms again.
76561197991915193,Recommended,302510,15605146,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jekkel,"It's an eyegasm.... Campaign is  linear (big woop) your in the military, what do you expect. every successful block in the game feels so dramatic and every slash, stab is beautifully smooth. I would closely relate the game to a really good action/adrenaline movie, after the 2nd time watching you grow tired and move on only to come back later and watch it again. The survival mode in multiplayer is what does this to me, coop against endless waves . currently lvl150 and counting......... Do I think it's worh 39.99? well these Lamborghinis arent't going to buy themselves......."
,Not Recommended,302510,15748358,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Attacotti,"Graphics are amazing, and the story line is pretty good.Gameplay sucks."
76561198006803772,Not Recommended,302510,15703355,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pooptickler_Jr,I have a pretty high spec pc... and this game still runs like a bag of spanners.
76561197990978121,Recommended,302510,14791022,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,"It may be a short game, but the gameplay is great and the story is good. If you dislike Quiktime Events you should definitly not play this game, but if you do, go ahead and play it!"
,Recommended,302510,14791437,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Biron5k,"If you like wearing a skirt and stabbing barbarians, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,302510,14995141,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,ShowMan,This game has great graphics at max settings.
76561198010257031,Recommended,302510,15002738,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Disgruntled Goat,Brutally Entertaining. Its not difficult but seriously fun. Imagine the film 300 as a game with romans instead of spartans and this is the result.
,Recommended,302510,15003111,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Belldandu,Amazing graphics.Great for passing the time both by yourself and with freinds.
76561198054187299,Recommended,302510,14727884,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,MoMarkey,"Ryse is a nice looking game, and for awhile the gameplay is fun. It is a straight up hack and slash type game, think of God of War but not nearly the variety that game had.The voice acting is good and some of the scenery looks terrific.There are only a couple problems with this game, one, it has crashes, usually to do with Nvidia card settings. The other problem is its gets a little repetitive, which in this game type is to be expected, but the barbarians are the same three models over and over again.For a sale price of $20.00 or close to, I highly recommend the game, but if it is close to full price like $60, just pass."
76561198129840271,Recommended,302510,14719778,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gwydion,Excellent. Better than the xbox version in my opinion.
76561197980432505,Recommended,302510,12841995,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,portway136,"Its a great game. I saw this game being played on the Xbox one and he said it was a great game, so i thought i would give a go. I did enjoy it. lots of blood and glore."
,Recommended,302510,12867319,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,xtravar,"Surprisingly fun and beautiful.  If you enjoy Rome history and you enjoy mindless action, this is the game for you.  While the gameplay feels familiar, I am at a loss for naming any game it 'feels' like.  It's very similar to action combat games like God of War, but it does not have the puzzle aspects, and has just enough RPG flair to keep one interested for the duration (15 hours).Pros: graphics, entertainmentCons: replay value, gameplay depth"
76561197968270210,Recommended,302510,12861597,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,h_a_r_r_y,"If you're looking for some fun and some button bashing this game really is much better than the official reviews. The story is pretty good, albeit highly inaccurate, and the action is fun too. It doesn't have skill trees like say Batman, AC or Middle Earth, but I think those things can get over complicated, For a movie style game like this its not needed. Graphics are also some of the best on PC, I'm playing this at 4k and it is stunning (you'll need some serious horse power though).Overall, if you like Gladiator and you want to have a bit of fun for a a few hours at a time without being laboured by a overly complicated game mechanic then this is worth a punt, now or when the price drops. its not as bad as the offcial reviews, I just hope those reviews haven't hurt crytek long-term."
,Recommended,302510,12664727,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Danger727,This game is awsome !! for as far as I could go and now it won't even start up. The graphics are awesome too I also like the the videos that play in it and acting is great.
76561198129140510,Recommended,302510,12679060,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,tothespace,good
76561198142952858,Recommended,302510,12679231,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,dizze,its a good game i like it :)
,Recommended,302510,12951384,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Johnny-_-Rebel,this game is awesome! The graphics are fantasic and operted smoothly for me. Im very impressed with the story and the online gladitor matches!
,Recommended,302510,30480318,Posted: 12 March,all,JahNuN,great gamegreat grahpicsfair gameplayshort story
76561198029482398,Recommended,302510,12470365,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TheNakedColonel,"The game looks beautiful. I would say the visuals alone justify the games price tag, because there are just so dam pretty! The campaign tells a good story and had the basis for a great one, but felt it was to rushed through to a quick end. The fighting system is simple but kills and execusions are very satasfying and varied. You can get some very awesome screenshots from the slow motion executions!If you love the history of Ancient Rome like i do then you should definetly play this game. Not so much for an accurate historical story, but play it to get your hands a little bloody!!"
76561198066112247,Recommended,302510,12444320,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SGTmurder,I love this game!  must have running on max graphics two 660ti cards and looks amazing !
76561198045856019,Recommended,302510,12471323,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,'Arik <3.,It's nice and buggy
,Recommended,302510,12471421,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,kw1k,"The game and the story are well done, the cut scene into gameplay action was awesome. The combat is very fluid but it can become boring after you hack and slash for a few hours. Although unlocking new executions can make the game a little bit more bearable after hours of gameplay. The multiplayer does give this game some replay value but the combat system is so dumbed down (slash/hit with shield/block) there is no versus due to lack of competitive talent being anything of value. But in all this game is beautiful and alot of fun I defineitely enjoyed playing it 8/10."
,Recommended,302510,12472035,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JackDaniels325,"I came, I saw, I Glitched.After playing through the game and attempting to enjoy the story line. There was so many times the game glitched that all the combo's I was trying for made the game damn near impossible even on the easiest of difficulty.Never did Find any one to try the COOP with. The story is really Good.But the gameplay is very linear and narrowed, after playing the storyline.The onlything more I could have said about it is that the MP options seem to be the primary focus of the game.Game controls with mouse and keyboard was still a bit limiting and the camera felt too close to the character. But, the elements that made up the game for deciding first hand on where to place your units while you try your best to protect them puts a new spin on things.I wouldn't recommend Getting this game till its on a good discount. If your interested in the COOP or Storyline. If your interested in the MP look to another Review. The game play was short but it was still an interesting game worthplaying once."
76561198014850745,Recommended,302510,12472481,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DemunGod,"Good Graphics, good story, cutting off limbs, finishing moves, no magic, coop multiplayer mode in an arena fighting hordes of barbarians doing objectives, slight nudity,  good voice acting, well worth the money9/10  what more could u want????NEED MORE GAMES EXACTLY LIKE THISnegatives- Took too long to bring to PC, no way in hell was I going to buy a xbone just for this game, no dlcs have been announced yet and no announcement of a Ryse 2."
,Recommended,302510,12472790,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,sirbill007,This game is pretty cool but you better have some power under the hood if you want to have fun with it!
,Recommended,302510,12473039,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,dreampod,Spent about 3-4 hours in the game - so far everything you'd want in an action game.Playing on PC means I can experience all the gory details at 1920 x 1080! Playing on a 770 GTX and experienced good frame rates all round.Kevin
,Recommended,302510,12473173,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Shadow5436,"It's alright, the gameplay is rather entertaining and the story is okay. The singleplayer campaign is rather short, but the multiplayer is fun. The graphics look amazing and the environments are rather beautiful. The animations are very well done, and the gruesome combat system adds the feeling.7/10."
76561198015062701,Recommended,302510,12473230,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,"great game so far. enjoy the combat, graphics, and story.anyone who complains about this game is an idiot.9/10"
,Recommended,302510,12434676,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Srgt. Slaughter,After the hotfix some days ago I can really enjoy the game. It´s fun and the fighting system is great. The graphic is beautiful.
76561197970285857,Recommended,302510,12473998,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Decebalus,"This is a really good game with a very well written story.  At first I was skeptical and it took some time to get used to the camera and combat style but after you give it some time, it draws you in.  On the highest setting combat is very hard and you end up dieing a lot but it is satisfying.  Not many games like this out there so definitely give at a try if you like third person mele combat games."
76561198007109302,Not Recommended,302510,14280451,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,BananaBeefBacon,This game is very bugged. Couldn't be bothered to carry on with it past a couple of levels because Marius would constantly be attempting pirouttes!
76561197973136134,Recommended,302510,12436850,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AnubisDenko,The game itself is actually quite fun. But its so buggy it is unplayable. When i did at key scenes the scripted events didn't work anymore after I respawned (e.g. when defending the emporer or when lowering the chains in the harbour).When I thought a restart would help I loaded the game and had to realize I lost all my progress and can start from scratch.Fun game but shame on the developers for this implementation. It might be worth a buy if they get their stuff together and deploy bug fixes but like that its unplayable.UPDATE: After the patch that solved the save game issues the game is really fun to play. Fast and easy action.
,Recommended,302510,14284188,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pepperdick,"I say yes only if this is on sale, as I finished it in a couple days. I unlocked almost all the skills and beat the main story in about 6 hours. It was an enjoyable 6 hours, but still didn't last very long. But if it's on sale I'd say grab it. The graphics are stunning and the fighting is fun. Good story overall I'd say too, just short."
,Not Recommended,302510,14284238,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,No Sound,"Fun Game Really Short Game, Repeatative combat but still fun to watch over and over again, for 40 dollars... probably not"
76561198012251236,Recommended,302510,14284317,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mace2831,"So, I was weary to purchase this at first. I bought it on the weekend deal and I have never had more fun with a game. The cinematics and gameplay are beautiful. Get this game."
76561198071041876,Recommended,302510,14287193,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,pandazyk,"I am feeling like a role in a great movie, as well as a piece of chess in a game of Gods,.Thanks all who  have ever contributed to such a materpiece,thank u~"
,Recommended,302510,14288277,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Memphistopheles,"Fun action game that is very focused on cinematics and story. Single-player is brilliant, but kind of linear. Grab it on sale and enjoy!"
,Recommended,302510,14291022,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Adds,Spartacus meets mouse and keyboard!
76561198028823390,Not Recommended,302510,14291150,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,SpookyTooth,"An interesting game with a very engrosing story line, the high amount of movement though with how close you are to over the shoulder makes it, in my opinion, a little over the top. I had to turn off the motion blur, and reduce the mouse sensitivity by a large amount to find the game visually playable. The graphics are very impressive, but with so much constant movement, running, and over the shoulder fighting, it becomes a little unbearable to play. If the took the camera view out just a bit i think it would really make a big difference."
76561198072396470,Recommended,302510,14291389,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chilatow,Brutal beautiful flowing combat and a good story line.
76561198175177042,Recommended,302510,14291571,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,HyunA,"Ok guys hope this gets up there for you guys to see.This game is beatifully made. Sound qualites and graphics overallb are amazing. The combat is extremely smooth, it flows really well. It's also really nice because it gives you an idea of what war and civilization was like at the time. The campaign is extremely fun, although a bit short, but still, it's amazing. Now here's the thing: Ryse doesn't have any replay value, it would be so much nicer if, sorta like Assassin's Creed, once you beat the game, you're free to do whatever you want. But it doesn't work like that here. So I can understand why it would be boring. But for me, even though I haven't played too much yet, it's still a ton of fun. Next, on to multiplayer. The arena is pretty fun, but they should seriously add like PVP. So far it's only co-op in fighting endless waves of A.I. Putting PvP would really add more of a competitive element. But all in all, I am so far deeply enjoying this game, and I recommend it to everyone. P.S. It's a bit gory, but that only adds to the fun, eh?Hope this helped!"
,Recommended,302510,14410638,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Trainwreck,"I've had my eye on this game ever since I saw it land on Steam. I'm a huge history buff and the chance to play a Roman era ""God of War"" style game really appealed to me. It finally went on sale a week or two ago and I snapped it up for $20.At first glance, this game is gorgeous. It was a PS4 launch title, so you can definitely tell that a ton of effort went into the art and graphics. It uses the Crytek engine, so foilage and lighting look amazing. The armor, characters and props all  look great. The scenery of the levels is also great. There is a huge variety of levels as well. From Rome to London to forests and ""Normandy"" style beach landings. The only real downside to the levels is their linearity. You walk a set path with all typical debris and objects blocking your way, forcing you to follow their course. Occassionaly they allow you to wonder a little bit, but in the end you're still going to end up where they want you to.The story is so-so. The dialogue is great and the cut scenes are all done with in game models and textures so they look awesome. BUT, the story does just break down to a revenge story which is fairly simple to follow (and predict).The combat is surprisingly simple too. I use a mouse and keyboard to control, and combat literally breaks down to left click, left click, left click, right click, press ""e"" to execute enemy. The combat changes a little based on the type of enemy you fight. Sometimes you have to do more right clicking. There are really only like 5 or so enemy types, not counting bosses (which are really just bigger versions of normal enemies). There aren't combos or moves to do, it simply devolves to breaking their block, then hitting them with the sword. In my honest opinion, I think the combat is the biggest miss in the game.Character models are also kind of spotty. The main character and other NPCs look great. I really can't say enough about them. Their armor, weapons, design and faces all look amazing. They really do stay true to Roman armor and achitecture. They exaggerate a few things, but all in all it's very good. The biggest miss in the art department is the enemy character models. They look good for the first 15 minutes, but they look the same for the rest of the game. There are maybe a dozen barbarian enemy models and they get old fast. You do eventually run across some other enemy models, but they're just reskins of the original barbarian you first encountered. There are no weapon choices for the main character either. You get one gladius and one shield. There are pilums (a throwing spear) to find once in awhile, but when you do find them they are for a specific reason. The armor and weapons look so good, it's pretty dissapointing that you can't customize or choose different pieces of equipment at all.There is a multiplayer option, but I didn't even get a fair chance after I realized that you have the option of purchasing different equipment with real money. It's not so bad as to call it ""Pay to Win"", but it's still a big turn off for me. Besides, the multiplayer is just gladiator style matchups. With combat being so simple, it comes down to who just has better timing with their strikes.I would still give this game a 7/10. If they had expanded on the combat a bit more and added a little more variety to the enemies and bosses, this would really be a fantastic game. Get it for $20 or under if you can."
,Recommended,302510,14410992,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,OPERALAVEN,"Great looking game that's not very enduring, but offers a lot of visceral, Batmanesque combat and pretty views. Exciting and very raw fighting scenes, it doesn't last very long but has some good moments."
,Recommended,302510,14596665,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,legous,"Good GameStory it good with addition of Crytek amazing grahpics gives you a sense of what rome and york could of looked like during the rome empire.Only complained is you cannot customize the controls as you would like, it comes with 3 preset variations for keyboard and mouse unfortunaly my controller did not function properly with in the game so i cannot give a fair assessment of the control setup on a gamepad.But other than that the game is good, and can be completed with a few hours, multiplayer is insteading and fun"
,Not Recommended,302510,14614697,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Tinkerton,"I wish I had played a demo first - would have saved my money.It's one of those games where you button mash to fight in certain sequences, followed by Quick Time Events hidden as final blows on enemies, followed by getting behind a crossbow to fire at enemies while once in a while pressing another button to order troops to attack.It's confusing and lacks focus.Looks good - but so do a lot of other games that have much more solid and concise gameplay."
76561198018912607,Recommended,302510,14679373,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,msd123,it is a most wonder full game
,Not Recommended,302510,14585056,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Malachi,"Unless you like unrealistic, boring, repetative♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over agian, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this cancerous piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198088754494,Recommended,302510,14500907,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,THECOOK1EMONSTER,"Just really awesome, great story and gameplay definetely worth it... (on my second play-trough now :) )"
76561197960931214,Recommended,302510,13851138,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NoXD,Absolutely Legendary
,Not Recommended,302510,13937172,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,=AJSA= 不歸V.I.Dread黃泉,"Well... This is NOT a bad game, but NOT a good game ether... So I'll not suggest this game to anyone who is hunting for a game to love, but just have some hot money in their pocket that need to be spend, you will find an alright game that come and go really fast and left you no desire to play it again. And some dizzyness if you are playing with mouse and keyboard...Graphic - Average... It is not that graphic is not good, but the graphic have nothing that make you go ""WOW!"", it is just something you will be expecting from a PC game... I might give it some wow rating since this was a Xbox One game, and they finally managed to start makeing games that looks like PC game.Story - SUCKS!! It will be a good back ground story for a game if we are live in year 2000, but a story that can guess almost everything that is gonna to happen next? Where did they find their story writer? some $3 per hour high school student?Historical Accuracy - NONE, this is a pure bobble... Nero died at age of 31, and the Nero in game looks like he is in his 60s, Roman scutum (shield) are semi-circular tower shield the size of helf a man taht can cover their entire upper body, and is made of wood and leather with metal enhanced handle guard, in game everyone seems to carry a bloody small and slightly curved metal shield!! The Scorpio requires at least 2 men to operat to achieve it's shooting speed, but in game it works like a 1 man mini cannon. OH! And Damocles!! Did the Dev bashed their head when reading the story of  ""The sword of Damocles""???Multiplayer - Okie, this is the gem of this game, it is fun to play in an arena that everything you see is blood... But why will I buther with this game when it is about same as WOR and C-MW but offer less function other then allow you to tune your gear?? Even double execution is still fun tho XDGame Play - Average... Nothing special at all, really standard action game play, everything this game does, you already tasted it in other action games... Except the over done motion blur when you turn the camera can make you dizzy and want to purk from tiem to time... And game always put you in situation that you can to deal with a group of enemy all at once, they usually got as 1 v 3, then reinforcement join the fight after you take out the first 3 enemy, but from time to time it will just toss you into a 1 v 7 fight, and enemy can easily forming up a group that can combo you to ""block freeze"" state, that means their attacks will form up a combo that make you unable to do anything but just block after block after block for a while, which can be annoy and waste alot of time... And the excution is cool but yet dumb at the same time, cos when you go into excution phase, the camera will lock on you, everything become slow motion, it is all your glory to excute some poor enemy that you pick out from a group of enemy... and all other enemy will just stand there and let you do your business...Ya... this is a OK game, won't suggest putting this game on your shopping list unless you really are just looking for a way to burn some of your extra money, but if you have too much money and had already finished all other action game, then you can give this one a try..."
,Recommended,302510,13937018,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dpartd,"This game was Great, with a capital ""G"" as per ex-49ers Head Coach Jim Harbaugh!  Phenomenal graphics, fun story, and it's ROME!  I loved every second of it!"
,Recommended,302510,13989241,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Entropy VIII,This game was 10/10. It has an epic story arc with brilliant graphics to match the realistic voice acting and cut scene direction.  A story that kept me playing. I only wish there mas more!
,Recommended,302510,13957646,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dagron,"Very short and very repetitive. You upgrade abilities but it doesn't change what you actually do. Other than that though, the story was decent and the combat is good. Wouldn't buy full price, but worth it at a lower price point."
,Recommended,302510,13985969,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SniperXL50,"Many people classify this game as a ""great looking tech demo"". I can agree that this game is not perfect, but it is definately more than just that. This game has a great story, fantastic soundtrack, and ,obviously, the graphics are jaw dropping. Also, I did not find the story to be too predictable (as opposed to what some others have said). It was actually written rather well, and I found it very enjoyable.One of the only flaws I remember is that during the quick-time event executions, enemy becomes color coded to indicate which button to press. However, whichever button I pressed still ended up giving me a successful execution. I found this to be a little odd.Despite its few flaws, this is still an action packed, epic game with beautiful animations, fun gameplay, and a great story.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,302510,14032047,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BatmanMO,"I have to say, I bought this game with a risk. I knew that i would like it, but i wasnt sure how much. Is it worth the money I spent? Definately.Ryse: son of rome, is a beautiful game. It doesnt depict war as something to be desired, or unrealistically. It has a gripping story which is just long enough to enjoy, over and over again. I have almost completed my second playthrough, on legendary difficulty, and the game just keeps getting more gripping for me. The story is powerful, emotional, and thought provocking. It is a story about honour, courage, and justice.The graphics are extremely detailed, and look excellent in ultra resolution. My gtx 750ti and i3-4130 run the game excellently. Honestly, i have probably spent at least an hour just appreciating the beautiful backgrouds, artworks and character animations (the only downside is every roman soldier is literally a clone!)The combat in the game is engaging, at times very difficult, but incredibly rewarding. It is a matter of pressing the correct buttons at the right times, down to mili-second gaps. You must watch the way enemies move, to know how to react, and this just gets more engaging as you move on to legendary difficulty, where one mistake can mean instant death.The mulitplayer mode is also very fun to play, it is cleverly constructed, and very impressive. However, it is also very repetitive, and it isnt actually necessary to play the games multiplayer mode with another person.In general, Ryse is an excellent game, that i highly recommend. It is well worth the money, the time, and your appreciation. As a port it has been done without any flaws, and the controls are easy to get used to."
,Recommended,302510,13633806,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lulucat,"I dont quit agree with some of  the publisher's point of views about Rome.Rome was a republic, not just an empire with all power belong to a single king.And Rome has legend stories and gods, but Rome has no religion, not like Christian civilizations.In christian world, all power is given by the god.In ancient China, power was given by the Heaven.And in Roman power was given by people.Alright too much off the topic.Great game though."
76561198062352786,Recommended,302510,13635105,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,e.olthof,"Hi All.I must say that this game is a pleasant surprise compared with other games I have.Normally i don't like slash and bash games , but this one is so beautiful that you really don't want to miss it.The storyline is not bad either , and it gives a lot of fun during game play.Sometimes I find it even difficult to master on certain levels..I am now half way in the campaign , and I did not encounter any bugs yet.like you like to beat things up , then this game is for you.The visuals are amazing!!!Regards...."
76561197989029485,Recommended,302510,13635374,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Malac,"First impressions, hack n slash fun, gorgeous visuals!A great game especially on Steam Sale!"
76561198007795253,Recommended,302510,13636474,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,niiige,"While the overall gameplay duration wasn't very long, the combat style allows room for more accuracy and practice to achieve top scores. Beyond that, it did get a bit repetitive. Still enjoyable though."
76561198118299715,Recommended,302510,13635212,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Saint,one of the best game ive played...but the story is too short..
,Recommended,302510,13639280,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aria Spaceguns,"Would reocmmend it if bought at a deep discount. Beautiful graphics, decent story, and while the combat is repetetive the game does not overstay its welcome."
76561198041370555,Recommended,302510,13640450,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,syth_ryan,I wish they made more like this
,Recommended,302510,13042310,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,internet warrior,"I really enjoyed Ryse: Son of Rome. It's a very polished and enjoyable experience. The player is taken through some pretty epic places and events, and the voice acting and animations make the characters very enjoyable to watch!God of War fans are most likely going to be disappointed because the gameplay in Ryse is pretty casual. For me however it worked very well! It's a bit like watching a movie with gameplay bits in between.The only cons I can think of are the mandatory, uninteresting sequences where the player has to shoot certain targets with a mounted crossbow. Don't know why this mechanic had to be in the game.. Luckily they were over pretty quickly.Also there was no feeling that the ending was rushed or cheaply done (as is the case with many games). Enjoyed it from beginning to end!"
,Recommended,302510,12991439,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HyperNewbie,"Mechanics are a bit simplistic, but hey these days they all are. Gameplay wise a little rough around the edges. Graphics are intense. The Roman setting is really good, and story is fantastic. Worth a try.Also, please please please let us change FOV."
76561198003203167,Recommended,302510,13046224,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Plissken3,"though I have played little (3 hrs or so) I can say that it is well worthy of a port from xbox1 - as the graphics are redifined for PC but not that different.  I have a GTX 460 1GB and I can play on low/medium settings that does not make the framerate skip or go slow - but i do recommend at least 3ghz cpu and a good Graphics card to play on high settings - but if you're like me & can settle for a great game with good graphics rather than great settings without pushing for best - then this game should run ok.  But please find out before hand if you at least qualify for minimal/normal settings - as it is touch and go.  So I recommend a speedy computer with a good Graphics card to play this game - as I said I have a great mobo but ok graphics card - so please search online for best results.  I have been playin' on ""AMD FX - 8320 eight core & GTX 460 1GB and I can play low/medium with some exceptions & this game still runs & looks awesome - so you be the judge - all round 10/10 AWESOME Game so far!!!"
76561198177840082,Recommended,302510,15244192,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,HyperX Alpha,Great looking one of the few games you dont feel ript off for purchasing kept me interested for the 7 hours it took to beat the game
76561198185430315,Recommended,302510,15287208,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,edstuart13,"good game,decent graphics and a fair story line"
76561198058654313,Recommended,302510,15287214,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dolbit,One of the best single player game.  Survival mode is awesome.
76561197963964510,Recommended,302510,15142908,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Anisratt,Game: Average. Story: Excellent! Graphics: Unequalled.
,Recommended,302510,15179978,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,NighthawkBNE,"This is a pretty good hack and slash game in the spirit of Assassin's Creed.  Unlike Assassin's Creed it's incredibly linear.  Worth the time it takes, which isn't actually very long.  It's a lot of fun, visually stunning.  If you liked Shadows of Mordor, strong chance you'll like this."
,Not Recommended,302510,15205796,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Matt,"Don't buy unless you can get it for under £5. Plot and story sub-Gladiator. Game is split into sections which don't have much to do with each other than ""Emperor bad, sons bad, get revenge!"".The gameplay itself is the very definition of repetitive. Every single fight is a QTE which you must execute perfectly to get through it quickly, otherwise it becomes an extremely tedious slog, which repeats every couple of minutes when you run into more enemies.People do praise the visual design and graphics, but the game plays like a rail shooter - there's no world to explore other than the corridors you are given. Granted, some things do look nice, but things looked just as good in the Crysis series and they at least gave you a bit more variation, and larger maps to explore.I really can't think of many positives for Ryse other than the sad fact that there aren't many other Roman themed games on the market, so if you absolutely need to play one, go for this. When it is really, really cheap."
,Recommended,302510,15128853,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Trumped ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"To start this review off I really had high hopes for this game, though in the end it really disappointed me. For starters this game graphic wise looks magnificent, which isn't a surprise considering the game was made by crytek. This game also started off as an Xbox One exclusive that was later ported to PC. Though what it has in looks, it falls short in gameplay and game mechanics. It might just be me but this game just doesn’t work with the keyboard and mouse. I find myself stumbling around trying to hit the right keys. The AI put up a good fight from time to time, but it really feels like the same thing over and over again. Story as far as I played seems really interesting, just trying to adapt to the gameplay is what is killing me.  Just don't expect the game to be like assassins creed with romans on steroids, because that was what I was expecting, though that’s not what I ended up getting. If you look past all the repetitiveness and the controls, it really isn't that bad of a game. 6/10"
,Recommended,302510,15294563,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Judge,"Its a very visually pleasing game with a lot of nice cut scenes to help you get into the story line.However I played on the hardest difficulty and found it very easy, and was only until the las boss fight i released I had another button i could of pressed. (which had to be used as part of the boss mechanic)Would reconmend playing this game but I would stick to Assins creed if you like the endless clicking games.10/10 would right click again with 2 left clicks"
76561198050283305,Recommended,302510,13282590,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Old Rick,"Great game! To short of a story though. Only took about 4-5 hours to complete it. So if you are going to buy it, do it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,302510,13547003,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Malicidus,"Ryse: Son of Rome has stunning graphics and the combat system is exceptionally easy to pick up and the kill moves that are both standard and unlockable only add to the blood and glory. The storylinehas a decent plot behind it that fits the period and can be followed easily.The downside to this however is that the campaign was rather short, having completed it in one sitting. Combat becomes repetitive: block this and break their guard, hit, hit, rinse and repeat. The bosses could do with some work as once you figure out which combo's you can easily counter you dodge the others and just counter the easy ones resulting in an easy victory with no life loss. All this does however is prolong the fight.Conclusion:Worth picking up if it is less than £20 and for those who enjoy a storyline moreso than the mechanics of a game."
,Recommended,302510,13547445,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wheels,"This game is intensive and action packed. Wow, I get so pumped up with adrenalin that I need a pause every now and then to catch my breath haha."
,Recommended,302510,13548465,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,❃Dragons✴Claw❃,"worth €40? Nope$20? yes if you like QuickTimeEvents and the Roman era of historyotherwise wait till it's cheaperIf colourblind, just ignore this game. It isn't set up for ye unfortunatelyGraphic wise it is absolutely beautifulStory wise, short, very short but gets the job doneCombat - well it's gonna be a yes or no. The combat is done in a style that it will be very true to the way that the romans fought, but this also limits what you can actually do. It gets very reptitive, just keep that in mindDifficulty - easy, did it on highest available dufficulty that could be done for the first run through and it was still too easy.  Only reasons I died was due to me texting during combatEnemies - a lot of copy and paste, no varitiesAttack patterns are always the same with them.All in all it's a good game but very short. You need a med to high end pc to get your moneys worth out of it though"
,Recommended,302510,12753875,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Behemacoatyl,"Was pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome my first playthrough.Then when I tried to go through it a secondtime it became god ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Loading Trial by Fire causes immediate Crash to Desktop. Trying to activate my focus ability(Q) immediatly causes CTD. Just...If you want to give it a try, go for it. But you've been warned.This is only my review though, but my review says this console port can GO ♥♥♥♥ ITSELF until it's fixed."
,Recommended,302510,13322606,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Mithril,"After having read other opinions regarding it being repetitive etc.. I have to say I was mixed about this game... But I needent have to worry. This game is a great game. It is absolutely gorgeous. I don't know if there is any game at all out there at the moment that have this fidelity to it. It is truly fantastic. I did notice that their implementation of PBR happened sometime mid into the development. Because the game noticeably increased in quality. York is stunning in it's lighting and texturing. So even though a game really should have the same art level throughout, this game didn't. It notably improves. I don't mind though, but I can't help thinking some might be let down by the initial level, and miss the later increase because they stopped playing. A shame. But nothing to be done about, unless they do a directors cut of it.The only game I think will be able to artistically top this, is the witcher 3, coming in the near future. But, graphics quality aside. The story in this game is really really good. The ending is the very definition of bittersweet (not saying how) but Bioware.. take notes.. video tape it... school your writers. because this is how a bittersweet ending is supposed to look like. I still haven't touched ME again, since that mutilation of an ending. Sorry.. sidetracked.. but really, if you got this game for experiencing a good story. I think you will be pleased. I actually would like to see a movie adaption of this.But the negative side is the repetitive fighting style. I know animation is hard (I am a trained animator after all) and do understand the reason for the limits, but still. They could have done a bit more to break the patterns. I also don't appreciate timed actions. Not in any game where they are included. In the old days it was bad too but understandable, given the restrictions. But now.. no. Please don't do that again. There are hundreds of fighting games out there, capable of dealing with this in a more fluid way. If (by any weird stroke of luck that you actually read this) there is a Ryse 2. Please focus on fluidity. As much as I like the story, the fighting elements do get a bit annoying. A second issue is the linear world. It is far too tightly controlled world. More effort should be made to offer freedom of movement, like they are so well known for. Finally, this game isn't long. I finished it in little over three hours. But it plays like an old school arcade in a way, so it is OK. This game is telling a story in real time, and if you look at it that way. That timeframe is quite OK. Like a 3 hr movie. But if you are expecting 30hrs gameplay, then no. You probably don't want this game then, you are probably looking for something like Skyrim.But to cap it off, I recommend this game.. The story (in my mind) is fantastic, the art is incredible. And aside from the fighting, and the limited possibilities to explore, I don't have much negative to say. And that doesn't happen often.I would whish that if there is a Ryse 2. think skyrim in the Roman world. With the same freedom and much improved combat fluidity. That would be a monster hit for sure."
,Recommended,302510,13376715,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bisette,"Holy god almighty this is surprisingly fun. Ever since seeing this announced at E3 I've always joked about it being QTE: The Game, but the combat is actually really really fun with the badass executions and such.Unsure if this is just due to playing on the third highest difficulty setting, but I like how you have to watch the enemies' movements to know what to press instead of like the Arhkam Asylum kinda thing where a big ol button flashes above their head.ALSO ITS AN ACTION GAME WHERE YOU'RE A ROMAN SOLDIERGODDAMN HAVE I BEEN WANTING THAT FOR A LONG TIMEbe aware its extemely gwafix intensive. First time I've had to set a game to Low on this computer since...well ever."
,Recommended,302510,13382260,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,skeeterdav2002,Got to be one of my all time favorite games of all time. Way too short though. I run a i7 960 stock no OC and a GTX 670 FTW 4Gb and have hardly no studdering. This game is optimized like games should be. Graphics and effects are top notch as well. I hope other studios learn from thes guys and produce games that ACTUALLY WORK AT LAUNCH DAY!!
,Recommended,302510,13503033,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sleepies,"Magnificent graphics and voice acting, highly recommended!"
76561197988554955,Recommended,302510,13503436,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,wargod666,alright alright it could be a much better game true true but if you like gladiator then this is a game for .do you like killing barbarians with sick executions?you like killing barbarians with a buddy in the arena?buy armour and progress to get some awesome gladiator equipment.so il some thing up and you deicide for yourself.the good:+ good combat+excutions are sick+coop in arena+lots of mapsthe bad:- maybe for some it gets repetitive ( not for me though)- story is a litle short-only barbarians you fight with 4 different types ( multiplayer)-maybe put more charachters with different play styles would be great.
76561197992242988,Recommended,302510,13489671,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Krimletch,"Great game. It's very simple but when I played through it, I got hooked. It's like a movie that you get to play and the cinematics were done so nicely that I never even got bored and was eager to continue on. I recommend playing this game. One of the best put games with their cinematics, like The Last Of Us."
,Recommended,302510,13492974,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TwoBlunt,"So having picked this game up yesterday and finishing it this morning, the first thing I will say his the playtime in the single player is pretty limited.However what I will say is that I enjoyed it from start to end. If you prefer more of a sandbox to linear game play they don't buy this game, it sets you on a path and that is the one you must follow.I had a couple of bugs where I coudn't move forward as the NPC wouldn't open a gate and just stood there saying and doing nothing.If you like a story driven game which isn't too difficult then I would recommend this, if you are looking for a game with any depth then I wouldn't bother with this game."
,Not Recommended,302510,13535931,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ethan,I'm having tons of performance issues and I can't figure out how to solve them. I've literrally tried everything i can think of.Sorry but because there is no help anywhere im giving this a thumbs down.
,Recommended,302510,13483346,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,multipass,this is a great game for 20 bucks definitely worth it get to be a badass roman fighting barbians its a slash em up kinda of game but i love it so far  and the graphics look amazing :3 havent got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off yet
,Not Recommended,302510,14122592,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lactose,Just a pretty face with an empty mind.
76561197960464401,Recommended,302510,14279605,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Euro,"Visually it is very appealing, the environment, characters, facial capturing, and story are a lot of fun.It is a very linear game, but the story is great and when it all comes together you want to keep going and push Marius to the end of his journey. I honestly grew attached to Marius as he is a very strong character and evolves throughout the game.Not worth full price, but on sale this game willl provide a great 6-7 hours of gameplay and story to entertain anyone looking to try something else."
76561198068757061,Recommended,302510,14152155,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,trexnco,"I really enjoyed this game. Its one of those gaming experiences that makes you feel like you an active participant within a great big summer blockbuster movie. Some folks complain that its combats can be a little repetitive and while there is validity to that point, I didn't mind all too much. Its not a very long game either.Pros:Great storyInteresting settingAbsolutely gorgeous backgroundsCons:Repetitive actionToo short"
,Recommended,302510,14271847,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Robert Benzies,"I'm pretty sure the Romans and Barbarians had Italian and German accents respectively, not American and English. I mean, sure, whatever accent they had at the time probably wouldn't be recognisable as anything today but for ♥♥♥♥s sake, I heard the word 'Lad' being used.Anyway, it's a fun game and it looks great. It's kind of like COD with twitch shooting replaced with a variation of the Batman fighting system. It's gory as hell and makes absolutely no sense. You should buy it."
76561198117554785,Recommended,302510,14272275,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Koalajumper,"Ryse, overall is a pretty good game no overall glitches that take from the experiance. The single player story line is quite fun I would give it a 8.8/10 only becuase it felt a little short. The story is fun to play through. This game is totally a button masher. Once you learn the combos you can put together a nice string of barbarian sluaghter.In the multiplayer you play in the arena for gold and glory. It is a fun way to fight off waves of enemies. Getting gold and upgrading your champion to allow for cool customization and better rewards/combos/health makes you come back to play for more gold. The only downside is sometimes you have to wait for a few minutes before finding another champion to work with.I'd say if you on the fence for getting this game, Get it on sale as you will probably enjoy the game more for a cheaper price."
76561198104305812,Not Recommended,302510,14328377,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ilystoyou,glitchy game
76561197983876933,Recommended,302510,14329178,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,pekingduckuk,"I have read several reviews which suggest this game offers great eye-candy but little more. I have to say, I really enjoyed playing this game. The first person story line is brilliantly scripted and completely engrossing. The graphics really are 'next-gen', even on a moderately powerful machine. The fighting mechanism is a bit similar to that found in the recent Batman and Tomb Raider games and works very well, leading to some epic fight scenes, particuarly when you master the different 'executions' available. I thoroughly recommend this game - I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,302510,14270553,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,themetalof,"this game has 8  missions i believe, and its combat is great once you learn it"
,Recommended,302510,14332502,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Seven,"this game is very well made, i've only played a few hours but for damn sure i'll be playing more"
76561198005919137,Recommended,302510,14334736,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Provoker,"Ryse Son of Rome, kill dem barbarians in style, for Rome needs blood to wash its corruption!!!I bought Ryse on sale without expecting anything more than an eye candy. However I got much more than that. Yes, obviously being on CryEngine it is an eye-candy, but it also transfers the atmosphere of the ancient Rome, the struggle for power and the code of honour of simple soldiers. In addition to that it is a hack and slash game with no combos, but rather QTE executions and fighting system based on reaction. The game is not hard, neither it is easy (on the last two difficulty levels). The game is not long enough to become repetitive (although executions are limited) and not too short to leave you unsatisfied.There is also a co-op multiplayer Coliseum which is fun.From historical point of view the game uses real historical personalities but puts them into a fictional scenario. For example those of you who loved Gladiator (the movie) will like the chapter where you have to fight through at the Coliseum to face and kill Commodus :)There is also a replayability value in the game if you want to collect all the ""secret"" which will give extra insight into the main story or if you would like to experience the beauty of various settings in the game (oh yes, the graphics are really good)Overall I would give this game 7/10, if you have a powerful Rig than it is definitely worth to buy on a saleP.S.For more reviews join my group athttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
76561198085809797,Recommended,302510,14336591,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Loki,here im going to talk about ryse son of rome over all i think the game is a great play i like the story but it was to good because at the end i was just saying thats it u can beat the entire game in under six hours and it gets very repetative same four moves same enemys  but it has a great story i would deffently recomend to buy if it gos on sale agin only real cons are that it crashes sometimes while loading the game same basic enemys
76561198157329578,Recommended,302510,14358213,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,So brutal. I love it!!! Good port also.
76561198032834581,Recommended,302510,14358937,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Indique,"I tend to prefer games that are more open-world, but some games make a point, and this is one of them.I haven't quite finished the game yet (90% through, roughly), but based on everything I've seen so far, here are the best points:- The graphics are superb, but more importantly, the characters are incredibly well done, both in development/acting and graphics.- The story is very well done.  You feel like you're watching a movie more often than not- The fighting is fun, although somewhat repetitive in some ways.  It's very much a ""timing"" game, which some people prefer.  I usually don't, but the other elements of the game make it worth it- The game does require a good enough system, but I've found that even at lower settings, the game looks great.  I don't use AA, and don't need it, although I do have everything else at maximum.  I still found the game looks great at lower settingsIt's not a game for everyone, of course, if you don't like action-based games, or if you prefer other styles of games.  But I took a chance with it and I'm very impressed.  Kudos to the makers of this game, all areas, from acting to graphics, sound, etc.I do recommend this game.  9 / 10 imho"
,Recommended,302510,14359226,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rosso,"Don't expect any depth from this game, it's all about the story and action.Also a good benchmark game like Crysis, looks magnificent even on all-low settings yet I only managed 15-20 fps"
76561198014399635,Not Recommended,302510,14360575,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Granicus,Visually pleasing and a great story line but low replay with only 3 to 5 hrs to complete the main story.
76561197970566727,Recommended,302510,14362138,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,AirRandouche,Action-adventure game set in ancient Rome. Little on the short side for the single-player campaign but great cinematic story. Simple gameplay but rewarding when taking on tons of enemies. Great acting and top notch effect. Best graphics I've ever seen in a game up to this point.
76561198011239517,Recommended,302510,14363035,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,-A- Coiledvipers,Awesome Game buy now nuff said.
76561198094585032,Recommended,302510,14100651,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,madhat9000,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379021443in game .... simply amazing
76561197960456205,Recommended,302510,14132030,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kraizim,"Historically inaccurate, and the story is a little on the weak side.But the graphics are stunning, the gameplay is fun, gory, and satisfying, and the action set pieces are exhilarating.Good game if you can run it."
76561198095248332,Recommended,302510,14106196,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,The Humanoid Typhoon,While the game is fun and story is awesome does have some lag spikes wich are annoying like running 70fps to 20fps in jungle level wich was highly frustrating wasnt my graphics card run a gtx way over the reccomend settings lol herd alot of people had issue on that level. Other than that games alot of fun but if you have a xbox one buy it on that instead pc version no properly optimized.
,Recommended,302510,14372206,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,☭Lustmord★,"Ive got mixed feelings about this game. A approached it without expectations of any kind. It´s well designed and the CryEngine does a great Job generating a very impressive Graphical World. Its sad that most Level´s appear like Tubes which get repetitive - same goes for the Combat Mechanics. Combat however is pretty fluent and easy to Master, altough the Skills and Perks witch are purchaseable throughout the game might not always make sense.Despite the historical background of the game, it´s clearly pickung up mythological Elements from the Past. The Story as it stands apears a bit thin. The main Character Marius tries his best to apear likeable, however he remains an empty roman Armour. The english Speaker´s are good - like i expected.(Spoiler Alert)The Story borows pieces from well known Movies like Gladiator. THere´s everything in it. Family of Marius get´s murdered, he firstly blames the Barbarians from the North - then realises that the real Enemy lurks within Rome itself .. and so on.(Spoiler End)Im not sure if i can fully recommend this game but it was worth the reduced Price i payed and it kept me mostly entertained through the !6 Hours! of Gameplay it provided."
76561197970889726,Recommended,302510,14375913,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Karl Sturm,"A Game so gorgeous - I spent a lot of time just looking at the beautiful surroundings, breathless architecture and  rich environments, if I had one complaint it would be that it seems the controls where designed more for a console than the pc. but the game itself is just so beautiful, worth every penny."
76561198050912948,Recommended,302510,14376761,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CadetBrick,"Feels like I'm living the movie Gladiator! Superb cinematic feel. Gameplay is addicting. I wish the campaign story was longer (a good thing never lasts forever I suppose), but exciting enough to go back and play over and over. Multiplayer is also fun but challenging first starting out. Overall, a very fun game."
76561198087627516,Recommended,302510,14319364,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dannielle13duran,"The story line is great, graphics awesome. The only problem I have with the game is the camera. It blurs when you turn and makes me really dizzy."
76561198024422434,Recommended,302510,14322425,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,anØy,"An amazing game, good storyline"
76561197983153729,Recommended,302510,16493941,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mayo,Very good game! Like it allot :) ++
76561197985597250,Recommended,302510,16451046,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hywryn,"Recommend getting it during the sale worth every penny!The only downside to the game it self as of my personal opinion is the short campaign there could be alot more in terms of lore/story going into this game which makes the price tag for the game way to high, since it in turn makes the game feel extremely short and won't last longer then 2 hrs to complete ( Depending on what difficulty ). i could see it be more succesful with the critics aswell since i assume that is mainly what they did criticis the game for. But who knows the story might continue in the future ( hopefully! )Should also mention that the multiplayer is extremely entertaining if you're into Survival / Objetive Co-op modes, you also do have the option to play solo if you'd like, And as you rank up you gain access to various tiers to gear up your gladiator. Been spending most likely atleast 12 hrs into the multiplayer so far and i do enjoy it quite alot"
,Recommended,302510,16496731,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,allhaletheking,"Very fun game. Story is short and multiplayer is underwhelming, but gameplay is fun and graphics are stunning. If you want to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥Roman soldier mauling your way through hoardes of barbarian scum, this is your game"
,Recommended,302510,16498995,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Scotty Doesn't Know,"This game is kind of everything you would expect from an Xbox One launch title. It's short, not too complex, and pretty.I wouldn't of paid full price for this game, and I stand by that decision. However, I got it on sale during the summer sale, and have not been disappointing.The single-player campaign is a tad bit short, I'm at about 80% completion, and my game time is 5.5 hours. However, I have yet to try multiplayer or co-op.Overall, I'd recommend this game, if you're into Rome, or any action games that are similar to the Batman Arkham city type combat style,"
,Recommended,302510,16503920,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome stunning game
,Recommended,302510,16504243,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MadderRed,"Buy it only on sale. It's not worth its full price due to its fairly short length. It's not as easy as some critics here claim, but it's not especially hard either. It's a great little short sword-and-shield Roman adventure, heavily influenced by different films (including Gladiator). Still, for a game that's really on rails (and I mean rails - at one point, you're leading your troops and literally can only move forward, the game handles the turning for you) and is meant to be cinematic in its scale, it really should have a more satisfying story. It's enjoyable enough, but really a B-grade summer blockbuster type story in what could have been a lot more. Voice acting is okay, but the characters are so extreme in their nobility or their villany that they're just unnecessarily shallow. Still, if it's around $10-$15, it's enjoyable enough to warrant what would be the price of a movie ticket with some popcorn."
,Recommended,302510,16505486,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LemmeTouchYa,ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
,Recommended,302510,16458300,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Silent Dan,"This is Call of Duty: Ancient Warfare -- a backhanded compliment if ever there was one.Obviously, the emphasis is on melee weaponry, not ranged.  Combat is very similar to the Arkham games, both in terms of presentation and mechanics.  Attacks are telegraphed with brightly-colored icons above the attacker's heads, and a well-timed shield block will stagger the enemy, allowing for several hits.  There are two sword attacks (light & heavy) and one shield-bash attack, which does little damage but causes the enemy to drop his guard.  The formula for killing an enemy with no shield is light, light, shield, heavy, shield, repeat if necessary.  For an enemy with a shield, open with a shield attack instead, but otherwise, it's the same formula.  There's room for adding a little variety just for fun -- I like lowering two enemies to execution level and then taking both out with one execution -- and there's a fun but basically unnecessary bullet-time mechanic called Focus, but it's a little too easy to fall into a wrote routine.Lowering an enemy's health below a certain threshold makes a skull appear above their heads, indicating that you can press E to execute them.  Execution involves -- hold on to something here, people -- quicktime events.  But relax.  First of all, they're dirt simple; ony two buttons (blue for sword, yellow for shield) are ever called for.  You can handle two buttons.  And if you can't, guess what?  Hitting the wrong button doesn't fail the event, it just awards you a lesser bonus.  Any quicktime event you can simply ignore with minimal consequence, won't feel that much like a QTE.  Honestly, I hate QTEs, and put off buying this game just because they come up every 30 seconds.  Now that I've played it, it's fine.  It doesn't detract from my fun at all, and I thought it would make me ragequit.  Just FYI.There's a high cut-scene/gameplay ratio, and they are un-pausable and un-skippable.  I usually hate that, too, but it's just so pretty that I loved kicking back and soaking it in.  It's really, really beautiful.  Your character, Marius (not the historical Gaius Marius, but probably loosely based on him) is extremely well modeled and animated.It's very short and very linear.  I didn't chase achievements, and took about 8 hours to finish the game.  That's way too short for a full-price game, but I picked this up on sale for $15, and I think that's a perfectly fair price for 6-8 hours of gory, macho, dude-bro ancient-world magnificence.  If you see it for that much or less, pick it up.  It's jolly good fun.  If it's not on sale, pick up the cheapest Arkham game you don't already own for a very similar experience with way more content, and Batman.Also, Marius looks kind of like Clive Owen, if he were built like a linebacker, and Clive Owen is cool.  So, there's also that."
76561197981088801,Recommended,302510,16486286,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Damage Control,"Graphics & storyline are amazing.Game play is poor.And its short, only took 11 hrs to complete.Recommended when the price is under $15."
,Not Recommended,302510,16488214,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Avatar of Shibby,"Got it on steam summer sale for $13, it was meh.  Got repetative towards the end, and the ending wasn't that great either.  It's alright for $13 wouldn't pay more than $20 though."
76561198066887952,Recommended,302510,16465187,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Creamy Moose,Amazing
76561198006449775,Recommended,302510,16468599,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,IIScarecrowII,"Solid, but repetitive hack-'n-slash. Well polished mechanics and gorgeous visuals complement an interesting story, marred by unnecessarily padded out levels, which only make the game FEEL long with a total time-to-beat of a mere 8 hours. Recommended for any fans of this style of game however."
,Recommended,302510,16469146,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nikovelli,"Didn't play the story, got the game just for the multiplayer gladiator stuff because theres no real great gladiator games and this is as good as it gets when it comes to it."
76561198003299370,Not Recommended,302510,16472094,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,❤ Kitty_Lover ❤,"TL;DRNot recommend because- too expensive- SP story and campaign too shortRecommend because:- good story- good characters- good voice acting- collectibles- good graphics- good gameplaySummary: Buy  it when it's around 20-25 euros, it's worth that ammount - 40 euros? NO!It was very hard for me to click NO for the recommend.And it's honestly only because of the price!40 euros is just too expensive.I had my eye on the game since it popped up on Steam and only just got it, just focused on other games.Now that I had a bit more time (+ Summer Sale) I thought about getting some games and playing them.I don't really feel disappointed with the game, not for 15 euros.The game was good and fun to play, the story pretty good, the graphics good, the voice acting good, the music good.It really had everything for me to make it good, except one thing:TOO SHORT!It took me less than 7h to complete the game... and I started on 2nd highest difficulty, never even touched the other difficulties before :S (couldn't select hardest on 1st playthrough...)I haven't played the MP mode though (I'm shy, I don't like to pop in with strangers into an MP mode xD - usually skip it till I've done everything else ^^).And looks like the game makes up a lot with it, since you can reach at least 200 level in it and I guess it can be fun.So I can't judge that.Another reason why I can recommand it, even though the game does not allow you to customise your keybinds, which is  ALWAYS a huge minus in my books, it actually has a pre-set for arrow keys!That's the first game I've played which actually has that... it set all the keys how I wanted to have them.Movement on Arrow Keys, then all other keys around them for actions (NumPad, Del/End/PgDn, Enter, RCTRL) - that's how I play all games I play with keyboard.(I'm left handed and I find it very important that games allow you to play on keys how you see fit - not only for left handed, but right handed players might also prefer to customise the layout to their preference, I find that very important - but anyways, WASD is unplayable for me... and it's annoying to use a program to change your keys only to play a game...).Anyways, this game actually put consideration into left handed players, even though you can not customise they layout.That earned my respect, very well done!Coming back to the game.The story is really good, but... it feels like there are bits missing, like they cut out part of it.Trying to explain without spoilers: ""I was in this land - and then I narrate how I moved to the other""Okaaay, thanks, but I'd reather have lived your experience, how you got there, how you felt, etc.Now that I'm writing this I actually notice how much it bugs me, cause the story was captivating (for me at least), but I felt like they only included like 1/3 of what they could have done.I'd still recommend to buy the game, it IS good.Just, wait for sale or till it drops in price, cause again, 40 euro... I'd have cried if I spent that ammount."
76561198018692071,Recommended,302510,16475159,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,xXTurbomugabeXx,"Very fun game but glad I didn't pick it up at full price. I played the game on the hardest difficlty available from the start and finished the game in about 8-9 hours and this was quite challenging at times. The game is very linear however, very fun and enjoyable as it doen't involve too much running around searching for the next thing so it is very easy to come and play to just relax. There was a little too much QTE events but again if you're looking to just relax, not a problem. A great story to go with it as well that will keep you gripped throughout! I would recommend only picking this up on sale (so you don't waste too much money on something that may not run) as it is a very demanding and beautiful game on a PC and I had to drop mine down quite a few levels but it was still playable and remained stunning. I also think that a full price of £30 is quite a lot for not an AMAZING game but still quite fun but for the £10 I got it for I felt it was a very good purchase."
,Recommended,302510,16475495,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Chris,"A beautiful looking game indeed.The storyline of this game, albeit short, is interesting and gripping. It has kept me glued to my seat these past couple of evenings. It feels more like an interactive story than a game, but that's not to say it isn't fun to play through.The game is not without its faults. Gameplay is very one-dimensional - you kill things, that's it. There's a glaring sense of restriction in that the environment massages you into following the right path. It would have been nice to have a bit more of an open world, but I understand that this game is set over different places and the game is fine without it. The Arena mode seems a bit gimmicky - fun, maybe, to pass the time, but other than that, it does little to add replayability to this game.Executions are cool, I like how execution animations can chage based on environment.Overall, if you want a hack-n-slash where you don't need to think too much, this is a good choice. I think I'd be disappointed paying full price for it, but at the Steam summer sale discount price, I'm quite happy."
,Recommended,302510,16477410,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mrhbenam,"This game is absolutely great, I enjoy this type of games, beautiful."
76561198038376133,Recommended,302510,16453780,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dimberaidiel,"A very nice game.I was sceptical because the press wasn't really kind with that game. It still appealed to me and I waited for the steam sales to buy it.A very nice surprise, the combat gameplay is quite like the Batman Arkham serie which is very pleasant to play as. The execution are amazing. The game is beautiful. The story is very nice for those who like the antique Rome.The only thing that brings the game down is that it's very short. I played it on difficult and it only took me 6 hours to complete the campaign. There is still the gladiator thing to increase the life a bit which basically consists in killing ennemies.I recommend this game though maybe wait for the steam sales because 40e is a bit expensive for the game in my opinion."
76561198014990803,Recommended,302510,16457931,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ruckus Bringa,Very well done feels like you are there wish it was campaign coop oh well cant have it all i give it a 8 out of 10 ruckus bringa review lol
76561197990991103,Recommended,302510,16458043,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DRAKOlowe,very fun game. co-op great too. ignore the reviews.
,Recommended,302510,14769723,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Spectre,Soundtrack for this game is amazing - and it looks beautiful graphically (assuming you can max the settings).I didnt go into it expecting much from the storyline but by the end found myself pleasantly surprised.The hack and slash gameplay I could see getting a bit repetative however I never got tired of watching Marius carve guys up in some fantastic ways
76561198080742972,Recommended,302510,14801546,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,nyuszisoft,"Really Great. I enjoyed it very much. Marvellous graphics.I just do not know why the Nvidia 3D Vision is not supported in the game. I rolled back the driver to 344.11 (took two hours with all the restarts) just to experience that I cannot increase neither the depth to my likings, nor the convergence. All the later drivers (starting with 344.48) are having an entry in the release note: ""Ryse: Son of Rome – SLI profile added, stereo blocked"".Why? I invested a lot in 2 way SLI with to graphics card to be able to play 3D Vision smoothly. And here 3D Vision does not work at all, even with SLI turned off. With 3D vision enabled in the Nvidia System settings the game is freezing at start."
,Not Recommended,302510,14804189,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PandaMist,GREAT graphics but difficult campaing and not worth replaying was hoping for more.Disregarded all the other commets but still was hopefull for a better game. All you need to know about the story is in the trailer.
76561198208371836,Recommended,302510,14671059,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jetopete,"Totally worth the money. Controls and lag can be a bit frustrating at times, but still a great experience overall. Top notch production."
76561198027553869,Recommended,302510,15061569,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,"Everything is perfect, nice game beautiful graphics and the fights sometimes get really interesting i recommend 5/5"
,Recommended,302510,14930263,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sanseyu,"This game so freaking awesome grapic , but i cant holding with this ♥♥♥♥ing poor pc haha9/10"
,Recommended,302510,15082088,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,C-Unit,Very good game nice graphics also.  Wish I could replay again.
,Recommended,302510,13542255,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Schags,"Fantastic game.  Graphics are amazing and this runs well on my machine.  With that said, not being able to remap keybindings is a major dissapointment because the setups they have are not great but something I can live with.  Also the story is a little on the short side not a bad thing if DLC gets released for the PC."
,Not Recommended,302510,14800819,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,YodaDoge,"Time for Completion is around 8 Hours.Graphics is very good.Gameplay a little bit dull.If you like action Games grab it in a sale, else not worthy buying."
76561198035794780,Not Recommended,302510,14801214,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,kaptain-cheyas,"about halfway through the story i lost every sinlge upgrade to the character for no reason, and the game developer has not replied to my emails. This flaw makes the game virtually unplayable, and has happened to many people. Dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,302510,15004293,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,konkusion,Awful! controls stink!
76561198013558671,Not Recommended,302510,15007977,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ChosenAsh,"For some inexplicable reason the game started having major Frame Per Second issues about 2 hours in, constant stuttering and screen tearing and I have looked up and tried every possible fix, and yes my system can handle this game easy.  Simply rotating the camera caused it to look like a slideshow.  For the 2 hours I could play it, it was fun, very on the rails but fun.  But with these techinical issues, I do not reccomend Ryse to anybody unless you can get it for something like 5 bucks."
,Recommended,302510,14265787,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Earth Baman,Nice gameGood graphic with low spec
76561198019569962,Not Recommended,302510,14267517,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,shlafrock82,Quite a good game but You can finish the Campaings in just 1 day ...
,Not Recommended,302510,14268401,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lankey Larry,As it stands when I write this - I can't play the game. It freezes when you start the campain. It's such a shame as it's the only game on the Xbone that I wanted to play and was really looking forward to it!Will update if this ever gets fixed
,Not Recommended,302510,14269272,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kiljek Souldrinker,"A disappointing and frustrating experience. Here's why:- GORE: A little too much gore. It felt forced to me.- COMBAT: Individual combat was simplistic and elementary: Just pressing LM and RM back and forth until I got a kill move. (Getting into a phalanx or other formations was cool, but didn't happen frequently enough.)- HISTORY: Though I am not an expert in military history, from what I understand of the Roman war machine, they rarely fought 1v1. The phalanx and line were used much more often then simple mono-y-mono skirmishes. In this game, the line was rare -- instead, I found myself battling groups of 5 by myself, while my teammates stood around with their thumbs up their butts. Also (tying into ""Combat"" above), I hated that I couldn't use my shield to hide from arrows unless I was in a line. What the heck is that about? I have scutum built exactly for the purpose of deflecting arrows, but I can't walk forward with it in front of me? I have to swing it like a bat to deflect a single arrow at a time? Yeah... that's not how they did that.- STORY: Trope story line: dude's family is killed -- he goes and seeks revenge. Been there, done that.- CONTROLS: I hate it when games don't allow me to customize my controls. This game allows you to choose between three pre-built control sets. Take'em or leave'em. None of them are even remotely like my gaming set-up, and while so many other games have allowed me to customize my controls, this one didn't.- PROGRESSION: I only have 3hrs of gameplay complete, but 2.9 of them have been pressing LM and RM -- very little story. The Story (aside from the aforementioned) has an interesting edge to it -- Damaticus (or whatever his name was), the Roman mythology, and the implementation of the spiritual or etherial were all very intriguing. But after three hours, I was just so bored of LM+RM+LM+RM that I felt it wasn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,302510,14269653,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheAgency,"There were a lot of gliches in this game; For example, At a certain point, in the 1st chapter, the character that you are playing stops responding and just spins in a circle.Had good hype and did not deliver on any of the promises.0/10"
76561198035130010,Recommended,302510,14266894,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,bootan68,The graphics are amazing. It's fun in the begining but it gets repetetive.
,Recommended,302510,14270418,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,✪ #HiYoutube,"Been playing this for a good few hours straight. good game, well deserve the money buying it. do enjoy it as much as i did. :D Gameplay 10/10,graphic 9/10storyline 9/10"
,Recommended,302510,14302754,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Hiberniculum,"Pros:-Beautiful graphics-easy to pick up fighting mechanics-challenging boss fightsCons:-dodging is kinda hit and miss, sometimes your charater will just stand there and take it like a man-short campaign mode, havent played any multiplayer yet.- combat is repetitve"
,Recommended,302510,14306043,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Asura,good game
,Recommended,302510,14306425,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Yoda,"I usually don't write reviews but this game deserves some clarity.If your expecting a linear epic cinematic experience this game is probably the best example of it.If you are a fan of Rome or ancient history you'll appreciate enough to overlook any inaccuracies.I only just started but I've already gotten sucked in.I definately recommend it if you have the rig, Crytek proves again that preformance and graphics aren't mutually exclusive even without the higher end tech.8/10 because replayability seems limited but solid throughout"
76561198020052332,Recommended,302510,14308891,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Anse,"PEOPLE OF ROME.This game is awsome, only missing the Maximus Decimus Meridius."
76561198006701618,Not Recommended,302510,14295341,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,morticus195,What a pile of pants.  Graphics are good play ablility is rubbish
76561198056470722,Not Recommended,302510,14292033,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,imb58,"Pretty,   story seems ok but the combat and movement is very restrictive."
,Not Recommended,302510,14290896,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,b/rent,"First off let me say that this is one beautiful game with a great story.  The visuals are stunning and I think they did a great job using the crytek engine to its potential.That being said, I simply can not recomment this game.  The reason being is that the combat is so monotonous.  The battles are almost always you against 2-3 enemies where you are going back and forth with the mouse 1, mouse 2, and the spacebar.  Then there are the few times where you have to go against archers and use your ctrl button.  And to add to this it felt to me as if sometimes the responsiveness in game wasn't there.  At times I would see and enemy attacking me, hit the spacebar to block but it wouldn't register and I would end up getting hit.To compare, the combat is a lot like Shadows of Mordor yet less responsive.However besides the combat I enjoyed this game and the beauty it offered.  BUT because of the flaws in the combat I just can't recommend it.  The combat controls are what made me just stop playing."
76561198014431520,Not Recommended,302510,14296260,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Siluroo,"The story is good, the graphics are good, but the way the game plays I found very frustrating, maybe it was just me, but I found myself fighting with the controls a lot.  Suggest getting it on sale only, my opinion is it is not worth more than ten dollars on a good day"
76561198014085833,Recommended,302510,14297487,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jonathan Vos,Yes good game :)!
76561198007580622,Not Recommended,302510,14298264,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GfP_Tigres,"VERY POOR,spartan was a nice hack and slash on 360mordor way better than this;feel 20€ DTD"
,Recommended,302510,14298413,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cyalazer,"Quite a fantastic game, extrordinarily beautiful, but then again it had the developers from Crysis working on it. The storyline was very exciting but seemed forced at times, the combat system was a little frustrating as the excecutions seemed to take too long when fighitng large groups of enemies. I beat the game in about 6 hours, I was very dissapointed that it was so short.None the less the storyline (and the ending scene! ) were amazing, although the only way to make this game worth it is if you buy it on sale. Enjoy! 4/5 imo."
76561198004167403,Not Recommended,302510,14300507,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mini Moose,"No adjustable FOV = headaches and wasted money, so lucky it was on special offer. If you're going to port a game to PC then  try and take some damn pride in your work."
76561198089805112,Recommended,302510,14301337,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,FriskyDingo,Epic game!experiencing combat as a roman soldier in the front lines.barbarians.cocaine.epic fight dynamics.killer story.killer price.dont miss out.
76561198030561835,Recommended,302510,14301472,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Owl,"Beautiful game graphically, gameplay very addictive at 7 hours of solid play (completed game after approx 6 hours) I could of easily done another 7 if I did not have other things that needed doing. Good storyline although would of liked it to be longer, plenty of dismember action and so much fun stringing combo and executions together. Would highly recommend the game even just to admire the graphics/movement/interaction. Not quite Unreal 4 engine but extremely immersive!"
,Recommended,302510,14243219,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MasonCatalone,This game is absolutely astonishing!  A true materpiece.
76561198066283675,Recommended,302510,14246515,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Gerald,"Gonna keep it simple.Yes. You should buy this game and enjoy the little nuggets of joy it does bring. HOWEVER, only when it's on sale. I got it 50% off and I'd say it was worth it for that price.Pros:- Story is well written and well executed.- Superb graphics (You will need a fairly beastly PC to run at full potential).- Stunning levels. Mostly corridor segments yes, but the attention paid to flesh out environments with nice looking things is a good thing to see in my opinion.- Voice Acting is excellent, the characters really do feel unique in their own ways.- Personally I love the combat, slow motion kills always make me feel epic ;)- Multiplayer can be fun with friends.- Uhh... You get to be a badass Centurion? Pfft... Need anymore reasons?Cons:- Story is quite short, not Force Unleashed short but not many levels all in all.- Enemy character models are limited, I swear I killed the same Barabarian 'bout 80+ times and in various locations!- I just wished there was more. I get the distinct impression that the dev got so immersed into creating something fantastic looking... they forgot to make more of it."
76561198021742611,Recommended,302510,14314482,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,chibbler1,is there a guild book. i need some answers
76561197985911917,Recommended,302510,14316771,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Boltian,"Technically is a amazing. Really, the CryEngine works perfectly with this game. The global illumination is perfect. The models and textures are good defined also.The history is a picture from the cinema. The best thing is no comment on that. You can check it by yourself. :)The most destacable is the multiplayer game. The concept is very good, but I think that the guys from Crytek should be created more games modes, overall for cooperative playing."
76561198001523749,Recommended,302510,14504579,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,The Worst Shot in  Denver.,It is alot of fun for me execpt match making sucks sometimes i sit for 20 min waiting for a match. Then when i do  get a match its a guy 50 levels higher.  The exacutions are nice i like the double exacutions execpt when the guy 50 levels higher comes and steals my double exacutions i set up.
,Recommended,302510,14380669,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,fgh976  ICELAND,HOW TO ENJOY THIS GAME 10/10ood game play and story line. Only the early hours of the morning stopped
,Recommended,302510,14380796,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Cerby,"I am a history person. I have always found history interesting. This game brings history to the modern world. You play as a Roman soldier during the fall of the Roman empire. The fighting in this game is realistic to how fighting in this time period would have been. Beware, if you have a sick stomach, watch out when playing this game, can get gorey."
,Recommended,302510,14383008,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,pinsane,Everything about this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥ story and gameplay. its  god of war with a shield perfect deflection system and just damnit get it pay more than its worth for it.
,Recommended,302510,14385802,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Gollumn,"I just upgraded my PC and this game is $28 Worth, This game have a beautiful graphics and an amazing gamplay."
76561198017583407,Not Recommended,302510,14386515,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[30.4]Zergling,"""Ryse (TM) has Stopped Working...""Does any1 know how to fix?My VGA is HD 7870 / 12gm ram"
76561198034165116,Recommended,302510,13221451,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kOrEaNpHoOd,"This is an excellent game! However, I beat it in about 10 hours of non-stop playing. The action, storyline, and graphics are superb.I did purchase the game when it was on sale which I though was a great deal. They also have an online mode where you can play other people as a Gladiator. I highly recommend it if your looking to kill sometime."
76561198072496043,Recommended,302510,13221464,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,nedjix,OMFG... that's all I have to say when it comes on how I rate this game.... I freaking get an adrenaline rush and I just don't want to stop playing. I haven't been playing for long but the time I have been playing I'm freaking satisfied and some..
,Recommended,302510,23637323,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,brettskii,"Ryse: Son of Rome is an action driven game set in a period of war between barbarians and the Roman Empire. The action is great in this game and extremely satisfying. The combat mechanics are fluid and similar to the Arkham series.The finishing moves are brutally graphic. This game has some of the best PC graphics out currently, even though it was released in 2014. It is definitely a GPU hog.The story is decent, with above average voice acting. The campaign is short, but the game provides some extras in terms of multiplayer and character upgrades.7.9/10"
,Recommended,302510,23671244,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,cross my heart n i hope to die,Beautiful Graphics but the story is too short
,Recommended,302510,23699394,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ishafayet,"First of all, I'll add the disclaimer that I have not finished the game at the point I'm writing this review. I've got around 7 hours in record. But it is a short game. So, I think I've seen enough to comment.The game is set in the roman antiquity, one of the most interesting time periods to make an action game about. The story is very captivating. The narrative is extremely bold and consistent.The graphics and artwork is mind blowing. I've taken couple of screenshots of the early artwork and in game marble statues. Not much of a spoiler but a great reason to get the game. Feast your eyes, recruithttps://steamcommunity.com/id/ishafayet/screenshots/?appid=302510The first 15 minutes of the game was boring. They drag you right into a combat training scenario through the entirety of which they handhold you. But after that, it gets so much better.The game is reasonably well optimized. I love the way it handles on my gaming laptop y510p which is a bit shy of 3 years old.I bought it for $4.99 (on sale). It's worth every penny of that.Overall verdict:This game is an experience you should not miss. Put it on your Wishlist. Buy when it's on sale.Tip:You'll enjoy the game more with a mouse that's fast at clicking repeatedly."
76561198045547141,Recommended,302510,23637221,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Syntrix,"Really amazing game, There isn't man games like this which is sad hopefully there will be another ryse son of rome I loved this game."
,Recommended,302510,23604268,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,"""invade russia"" they said","My friend and I bought this while it was on sale for 5 bucks, and it was worth it. It's fun to slice down easy, normal enemies, but run when the big leaders come to fight."
76561198247741166,Recommended,302510,23557702,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PesseLeng,"It has awesome graphics, fair enough story, discusting gameplay. Because, I really hate doing the same thing billion times. But I recommend Ryse SOR, if it is at discount."
,Recommended,302510,21214236,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,alyuuv,"Graphics stunning. And for that, it's worth playing the game for a while.But it's not really a good game to be immersed, because the graphics doesn't compensate BEHEMOTH flaws the game has.1. First of all, Story sucks.It is well known fact that most of successful hero stuffs follow 12 steps of ""the Hero's Journey.""And I could notice that you had really tried to apply it to the plot, but the device you used was terrible.1)What were gods for? Seriously. The sole importance they have is to have the protagonist endure the ordeal evasively. You could have elaborate the plot.2)The ending was so blatant. You could have just used the historical fact.2. Why can't I ♥♥♥♥ing jump?It was often I met situations that jumps would have solved every problem. Like jumping over an obstacle.3. Why Marius swing his ♥♥♥♥ing sword whenever I try to grab a javelin?It's as annoying as the candle in The Witcher 3."
,Recommended,302510,23714738,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gazia,"Overall, beautiful game. A little shallow in terms of gameplay as well as mechanics.Batman battle system that can feel clunky at times, paired with a lame yellow and blue reaction QTE for enemy executions, it really doesn't synergize at all. Reaction time to get a legendary hit is too short, plus no matter what you press, right or wrong, the outcome is still the same just with different varied small rewards depending on what boosts you choose to get.Hero upgrades/executions growth feature is totally crap. Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥designed upgrade system with no true impact on strategy of the meta. The XP,HP,Dmg,Focus boost or stances are extremely weak implemented systems, and it is confusing to understand right from the start.Extremely linear storyline as well as battle phases. Oh btw the boss battles.. are♥♥♥♥♥♥ EVERY boss have around similar patterns varied with different speeds to make the ""unique"" difference. Just not well thought out enough.I'm recommending it because it is not a bad game, great to kill time with like watching a 5-6 hour roman/gladiator fighting porn. But don't get it if you only have time to spare for the best of the best. The only thing saving it from a NO from me is its graphics. I would click a neutral option if there wasn't only Yes and No."
76561198034778466,Recommended,302510,23721541,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,flemingo34,paid 7 buckswas worth 7 bucksfun enough and very prettyshort and a little repetitiveFocus kick felt amazing
,Recommended,302510,30802740,Posted: 28 March,all,miltoid19,"Great game! With a straight forward story that will not make you bored since the escalation is just perfect, no side quests (except of some collectables), Georges graphics (Cryengine FTW), the multiplier is something that you will for sure have hung to play with a friend. I totally recommend it unless you have slow reflections, if so poor you :("
,Recommended,302510,23770441,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BurntPancake,"While the game has it's issues,such as low performance for me,the games story and graphics are absolutely stunning. The game may be a little repetitive but personally I think that the story and combat made up for it. I would definitely recommend this game if its on sale."
76561198007681928,Recommended,302510,23794373,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,apache1324,very good
,Recommended,302510,23803922,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Milky3122,this is a very beautiful game with a well mapped combat style and fast execution system. highly recomend this game
,Recommended,302510,23848922,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Everyone's Pal,"For 5 dollars it was fun. Looked pretty combat was funish did get a bit stale  after about 3 hours in luckly this game is only about 5~6 hours long. Ryse had a mildy interesting story, some fun combat, and some beauitful art direction and graphics. Game did break up the repetitive combat every now and then where you march with your squad in a formation shielding and blocking arrows as well using giant crossbows. The game is esentially babys first hack and slash. Again for 5 dollars for that price you can't beat the production value this game brings for the price."
,Recommended,302510,23812418,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"Ryse: Son of Romeis visually impressive and superbly acted, with battle choreography orchestrated to feel like headlining an epic action movie, saving its repetitive gameplay from an otherwise potentially dull fate.This glorious visual masterpiece features impeccably realistic facial expressions and a welcome diversity of detailed environments. Its suitably engaging plot blends mysticism and heroism, taking complete liberty from historical accuracy. The superior soundtrack is driven by powerful and diverse orchestral music, supported by perfectly rendered ambient sounds and effects.With too many things going on simultaneously during the intro chapter, you may be lead to believe the game will feature highly tactical choices during combat but in reality it only offers a handful of points where you choose where your support will aim, left or right, while you basically defend the other side.Mêlée combat is obviously the core of the game, and it is reasonably fun except that its execution is decidedly repetitive and not meant to be particularly challenging. The game can initially be very picky in how you time your moves and does not feel immediately free-flowing. Given time and enough practice the fights begin to feel satisfying and highly empowering, and yet once you've mastered the basics you essentially have all the tools required to run through to the end.Ryse is excessively violent, with brutal dismemberment central to every combat. Fighting the enemy AI is mostly a simple matter of recognizing their patterns. Identical-looking enemies always behave exactly the same way. Most have a single attack pattern, sometimes two, so once you've observed one must be dodged, blocked and then attacked, you just wait for your queue to get your combo started. Invariably.Cutscenes cannot be paused or skipped but all are refreshingly inspired and interesting to watch. The story is told through a series of highly detailed and believably aged relief sculptures, combined with near photorealistic scenes happening in real-time in skillfully cinematic presentation.There is one elegant hand-painted flashback for the Legend of Damocles sequence that shows spectacular style, of which I'd really have liked to see more. Sadly, this is a one-time element.Unnecessary collectibles let compulsive completionists gather more backstory details, comic book pages and concept art. As always, I find this a lazy design choice to deliver extra content, but it is a plus for those interested.The satisfying co-op arena levels are a little more chaotic, with several enemies sometimes piling up in close quarters. It can sometimes get difficult to keep track of your character, especially when all enemies are intertwined shades of brown all muddled together. Also, this is the only place where the camera sometimes gets in the way, stuck behind a tree or blocked by another opponent.Character upgrade abilities are fairly straightforward and limited in single player, unlike the huge co-op upgrade and customization options based around gacha, or random loot. It is, however, likely too vast for the amount of gameplay content on offer. While there is a sizable amount of multiplayer scenarios to try out, most of them follow a similar formula and recycle visual elements and enemies from the single player missions. As diverting as they may be, it feels diluted compared to the main event, but can easily extend the product's longevity by a good few hours.Due to the amount of grinding required to unlock and upgrade arena gear, it'll likely take a lot of time repeating the same scenarios if you wish to attain the higher tiers.Co-op play's unique abilities enable you to revive your fallen teammate and share execution rewards (health refills, extra damage, etc.) based on your deity alignment. It is a nice addition that fits well within the parameters of the game.All in all I was very pleasantly surprised by Ryse. I honestly wasn't much interested in the title since its original announcement as a Kinect-based first person experience, and didn't expect that much even recently, but I got curious when the game went on sale for a mere $5. Turned out to be a splendid gaming investment!"
76561198070107194,Recommended,302510,23816423,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,-More-,"Bought the game for $5 and it took me about 6 or 7 hours to beat it on the hardest difficulty allowed for a first playthrough (the only reason I have 9 hours in the game was because I left it on in the background while doing other things). All I can say is that it's a relatively good game! The combat never felt repetitive to me and the story, while way too rushed, was pretty good. I have an AMD r9 270x and, while a relatively old card nowadays, the game ran great on default settings. Though, in-game V-Sync tanked the framerate to around 10fps, so I had to force it through AMD preferences. Other than that, it ran great. It's the perfect $5-10 game. The kind you sit down and beat in one day, enjoy your time with, and never come back to.And as a quick edit: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game uses the ""main character knocked out by debris or falling in water in order to get him out of a sticky situation"" gimmick waaaay too often. It was almost laughable as it continued happening into the final act of the game."
,Recommended,302510,23816485,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ghost,I bought this game because I was looking for a good 1st or 3rd person roman era game and this is the only one out there.Pros:Combat is very goodThe game has quick time events only when doing excutionsstory is okco-op/ mutli-play is interestinglooks good and plays greatCons:Camera gets messed up when you are to close to a wall in combat.I would say pick the game up if you like Roman Style games or hack and slash games with some quick time events. Combat consist of slashing with sword countering and blocking mix all together to get combos.
,Recommended,302510,23787780,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheJonVincent,"I heard a lot of bad things about this game and thus I always avoided it. The biggest complaint I heard was that it is reptitive. And I'm here to tell you that...it is.But is that really a bad thing in and of itself?CoD 4 was repetitive, but it was the environments and the tone set by everything going on around you that made the repetitive nature of the combat enjoyable. That's what Ryse is, it's repetitive, but the varied environments and scenarios, backed up by some absolutely incredible graphics, make it an enjoyable romp.Pro's:Graphics, obviously. This game is absolutely stunning. A demo piece for your PC if there ever was one. Facial animations, combat animations, physics, it's all top notch. I'm constantly taking screenshots. There's a moment where you're storming a beach with flaming arrows raining down from the sky in a cloud that absolutely floored me.Combat. Yes, it's repetitive, but I, personally, find it fun. You wear your enemies down and then execute them via QTE. There are multiple executions you can unlock and I haven't grown tired of them yet. The damage physics are also cool, cuts appear on their bodies, their noses bust, it really feels like you're doing some damage.Mission Variety. I haven't beaten the game yet, but so far I've fought on a palace wall, a market, a courtyard, a senate floor, and a rain soaked beach. I'm over an hour in, but I hear it's a 7 hour game.Voice Acting. This game is extremely well acted, there really haven't been any lines that have rung false. Even the pre-combat speeches are rousing, like the opening to Gladiator via video game.ConsStory. It isn't anything special. Usual sword and sandals, ""I will have my vengeance"" fare.Camera. I fought with it a few times, especially when 4 or 5 guys were surrounding me. It has gotten stuck on the architecture and they've gotten a few cheap blows in on me because of it.In conclusionSo far I'd give it an 8 out of 10. I dont' see that changing. This game is a really polished hack and slash with incredible graphics. It's fun. Something to boot up when you want some mindless fun.Is it worth 60 dollars? No way. It's definitely worth 20. But right now it's 4.99 on the Steam sale and that's an absolute steal. Grab it!"
76561198264273047,Recommended,302510,23842864,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gaius,"The game mechanics are pretty repetitive but nonetheless I've been finding this game highly entertaining. I love anything to to with ancient Rome, so for me, personally, this is perfect. Graphics are beautiful, the fights and atmosphere badass.All in all I definitely recommend this game - especially now that it's on sale for only a few bucks.Only thing that's bugging me, really, is that there seem to be only very few players left who still play this game in multiplayer mode.Hope there will be a Ryse 2 sometime...!"
76561198039195287,Recommended,302510,23839876,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jellymantis,Loved this game. Combat felt nice and the story was interesting. Music was relevant and not distracting. Beautiful graphics and scenery. Each chapter had a personality. Highly reccommend.
76561198112509113,Recommended,302510,23855166,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DudeOnAXbox,Great Game! Had a similar fighting style to assassins creed with the finishers similar to God of War. Took me 9 hours to complete the campaign. I recommend it!
,Recommended,302510,23924967,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Michael,This game is absolutely stunning! Story mode is A+!
,Recommended,302510,23932876,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,El Tio abusador,"Actually, really really good game, and for 5$ in a sale its a awesome deal"
76561198055462064,Recommended,302510,23943840,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,"Dr. Mantis Toboggon, MD. (Grag)",It was a pretty good two hours. Caeser votes a thumbs up
76561198026153231,Recommended,302510,23951199,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,"If you like hack`n`slay mixed with some pretty heavy button mashing you will have some fun with this one.I grabbed it for 5$ and those weren`t wasted. You get about 3 to 4 hours gameplay from the campaign and you can spend another hour with the multiplayer or the coop modes. It is short but I think that shortage actually benefits the game. Because if it would be any longer I would probably have stopped playing it because it will get repetitive after some time. But it has nice graphics, a decent story and the cinematography with the combat animations and finishers is really good and satisfying. I`d recommend this game to pick up during a sale. It`s not worth 20 bucks, but for 5$ you do get some fun and a great looking game."
76561198118080966,Recommended,302510,23907623,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,YeastyFlaps,well 6 hours of gameplay for the measely sum of 3 quid not bad i spose
76561198184723037,Recommended,302510,23908462,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ricobullock71sypher,(RECOMMENDED)want a very good game on budgetCLICK BUY AND HAVE FUN!!!
76561198106407060,Recommended,302510,23908815,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fissionary,"This game is *not* historically or mythologically accurate, if you care about this sort of thing. Me, I just enjoyed the show, and it was amazing.You lead columns of legionaries in formation through hostile terrain while under enemy fire. You narrowly dodge deadly traps while exploring a musty forest in old Britannia. You slug it out with a minotaur king while everything around you goes up in flames. You snipe war elephants out of a scorpio. You fight six people at once and win, without taking a scratch (if you're good enough). If you wrote it all down and gave it to someone, they would probably enjoy that book. Not to mention that the graphics, voice acting, and music are all top-notch.Also, boobs move in this game. It really adds to the immersion."
76561198062068813,Recommended,302510,23909263,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kaorix,Decent hack and slash with an interesting storyWell worth it if you get this on sale7/10
,Recommended,302510,23807949,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Phoenixlight,"Mediocre story with interesting combat, the frame rate seems to suffer in places and some graphics settings are locked unless you edit the system configuration file but it's worth getting on sale."
76561198024917085,Recommended,302510,23917946,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Eddy555,"Picked up for a few quid in the Steam sale and throughly enjoyed it. Looks great, plays solidly enough and an interesting alternative to the mainstream out there. Yes the combat is a little simplistic and QTE based, and although I usually detest QTE stuff it worked well here. It's not too taxing and so makes for a more relaxed playthrough."
,Recommended,302510,23550075,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,_NeO_,If you find this game on sale buy it.The graphics are greatThe story is goodCo op can be fun but not for longI would say with total 30 hours and you get most of itController is recommended
76561198041680589,Recommended,302510,23541634,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cortana,I played for the story and wonderful animations and I wasn't dissapointed. 10/10
76561198142602537,Recommended,302510,23517163,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vanderos,Story: AmazingQuality of environment: AmzingCombat: PoorVoice acting: AmazingGladiator: repetitive and boringMultiplayer: hard to find peopleIf you can stand repeditive combat this game is amazing.
,Recommended,302510,23010186,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Fix,"Do you like movies? Do you like movies about Romans? Did you like the movie Gladiator? Then you'll like -watching- this.The campaign is good, you play as the handsome yet blindly loyal Marius, the son of Rome whose father is murdered by blood thirsty barbarians... OR IS HE? The plot thickens from there into your predictable tale of lies and deceit, backstabbing and that old 'the gods are playing a game with the mortals again' chestnut. A few good characters, bad characters and ugly characters in the story... all of whom at some point (spoiler alert) die (fine, not a real spoiler)Some of the best CGI I have ever seen, and the gameplay graphics are not far off that either. Even though the game at times can feel a bit like a Crytek benchmark demo using Roman assests, the story, the voice acting, the production behind it all is solid.Ryse is generally a group fighting game, like the Batman games, Assassins Creed, Shadow of Mordor etc only not really done quite right. I can't really describe the problems other than certain 'rules' that exist in these other games do not exist in Ryse; for example the number of concurrent enemies that can attack you at any one time appears to be unlimited, making certain blocks impossible - You end up substituting the dive key instead of block just because it works better.In the thick of the fights sometimes you don't block the opponent who is attacking you, sometimes you don't attack the correct enemy in the group - It's as if the game has not translated from a controller to a keyboard and mouse properly and is totally dubbed down for console jockies.Which leads me to Combat. Combat is very simple; Only two buttons are needed. Left click to hack or hold for a heavy hack, right click to bash (break defence) or hold for heavy bash. You then have space to block. That is pretty much it. Combat is actually just a set of clicks depending on who you are up against (normal barbarian, shield barbarian, heavy barb... you get the idea). Remember to dive though, not block.Saying this though the combat is very strangely satisfying, akin to Shadow of Mordor there are finishers and executions and you can even line up two attackers to be executed in a single set of moves once initiated. Once in an 'execute' there is a very basic QTE where you either left or right click depending on the colour that the enemy flashes up... which makes absolutely no difference at all to the outcome of the execution - the enemies death sentence is already dealt whether you click or not; The clicking is purely for the benefit of you current chosen perk at the time of executing. There are 4 perks, health, damage, XP or the mystical 'focus'.The actual execution animations are movie like, I personally do not tire watching them over and over and am pleasantly surprised when I see the odd 'environmental' finisher where you throw someone at a wall of spikes or over a barrier, kills that you don't see that often.Some sections of the game could have done with not being there. Such as the 'shoot all the enemies using the big cross bow Marius!' sections, and collectables are pointless given the games level design is more linier than 10 miles of train track. I get the gameplay needed to be broken up, but these sections felt like a big gap filler to me. Should have just put more fighting... and diving.There is multiplayer and coop and a solo mode where you can go into the coliseum and fight. Customise and level up your gladiator, which is really cool actually... that is until you are up against 15+ enemies and are diving around the floor like total tw*t trying not to get hit because block doesn't work properly. You also have to unlock 'booster' packs to gain any items... a game mechanic I've come to loathe. I hate grinding.Are you not entertained? All in all, the game is good and entertaining and looks absolutely f*cking stunning and for that reason you should play it at least once. For under fiver :P"
,Recommended,302510,23011952,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Commander Lulz,Awesome game! Graphics are still killer!
,Recommended,302510,23137947,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Denocan,Full action :p
,Recommended,302510,23130494,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[FGRP] MaxY,very good story but combat is very repetitive but gory
76561198024648357,Recommended,302510,23098114,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jon23456789,"I am thrilled by this game, its graphics are dazzlingok the story is a bit short and the combat moves are a bit repetitiveand I know there are people who think this game is predictable but ifyou want predictability then maybe GTA is the game for you.This is an absolutley brilliant game, well worth playing."
76561198242605702,Recommended,302510,23090093,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GamerX Maximus,"This game was very entertaining.   It's a standard hack and slash game,  but when you get past that it's a lot of fun.   I got this game on a Steam sale, and it was worth the money I paid.   Looks great in 4k!  If you like the Roman action adventure games you'll like this game."
,Recommended,302510,12474033,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JDN,If you love hack and slash and gorey take downs this game is for you. Loving it having tons of fun!
76561197971199542,Recommended,302510,12476190,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SeriousAlex,"Your feelings on Ryse are influenced, like most games, by expectations.My expectations were to be dazzled visually while soaking up a rich atmosphere. In that, it delivers, generously.If you have the hardware to push it, Ryse is a visual feast. Easily the best looking game I have played.I've been playing it hooked up to my TV in the living room and the visuals are truly cinematic.Gameplay and story is what I expected.Straightforward, save Rome, kill everyone. It's well told and well presented - its a subjective assessment.Combat is mechanically sound. Attacks and blocks need to be timed correctly.The execution moves have been given a hard time as being nothing more than a QTE overload however I have enjoyed this. QTEs are subtly shown and give a good feeling of being a bad a**.I have not tried the multiplayer modes to any great degree, however they do look interesting.Your mileage may vary.One criticism on the technical side is that NVidia have yet to release an SLI profile. However, even using just one of my Titan's allows fluid gameplay at max settings @ 1080p."
76561197968550402,Recommended,302510,12476664,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Pup,"Great graphics, good gameplay, passable story."
76561197972313534,Recommended,302510,12484195,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ledzppln6,"A very beautiful game considering it's finally on the platform it was meant to be played on.  It's a very basic hack and slash style game, not quite as good as the God of War series.  However, the story is very convincing."
76561198058336927,Recommended,302510,12490673,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Daddy Trump,"Amazing graphics.Brutal combat packed up with a lot of gore and blood. Ever watched the show Spartacus? The combat in this game is kinda simillar to the scenes in the show. I simply miss a little difficulty and the ability to perform decapitations instead of simply chopping off limbs every once in a while.Epic bossfights.Some points historical incorrect.Fine story, characters and a nice little plottwist.Buttkicking mocap and voice actingA little lack of features and gamemodes in Gladiator Mode.8.5/10This game is actually worth the price it has compared to the many overpriced games these days."
76561198007905414,Recommended,302510,12485679,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,trd_supramainc,This Game was just Mind Blowing turly one of the greats. a short game but huge replay value and just insane grafics
,Recommended,302510,12488225,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ExorCisT,It's a YES for me .I Love this game .Perfect graphic(CE3)...Good storyline...BUUUUTTHERE IS A PROBLEM : NOBODY MATCHMAKE WITH ME IN MULTIPLAYER !!!!!!!!!!I HAVE TO DO IT SOLO :( :( :(COME ON= =JUST JOIN ME :)
76561198070267492,Recommended,302510,12605983,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,8-Bit Sunset,"Don't listen to the haters! This game deserved WAY more positive reviews than it got! It most certainly requires skill to play and is soooooo much fun! The voice acting, music, graphics and overall prodution values place it higher than anything else on the market today! My personal GOTY!"
76561198061065478,Recommended,302510,12594777,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,LEAN,สุดยอด รักมาก
76561198060949290,Recommended,302510,12594892,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,T701 Legacy,Love it! Great storyline and great combat!!
76561198074320053,Recommended,302510,12590861,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Darkblade75,This is GoW during the Roman Empire!  10/10  Absouletly amazing
76561198123974824,Recommended,302510,12445551,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RangerH,the Game is good but there is a bug or crash after 71% if the camping :) can they solve it ??
76561197994570644,Recommended,302510,12448651,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Herbdog,Ryse: son of Rome is a highly optimised game and one of the few that runs great in 4k.the crytek mob have done a high class port from the xbox one.the gameplay is what I expect from this game and find it is fun if repetitive. There is plenty of scenic changes to keep the game fresh.I would recommend using a xbox controller for this game as the qte are colour coded.I think the store price is fair and expect to get good value for money.
,Recommended,302510,12449027,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Varpoxan,"Awesome graphics and scenery, the combat system is pretty cool and the cut-scenes are amazing!"
,Recommended,302510,12449919,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lazyking,"I have only played for 10 hours so far but i really love this game! The campaign story is good, short but good. This game is all out a hack n slash, combo-game with alot of quicktime. So if you like to kill things in a cool way this game is for you but hold on thats not all.Now comes the best part! The Multiplayer Gladiator mode!! Where you can play with and lvl your own gladiator in the Arena. The moment when you walk besides that other player up towards the arena and glory and when you team-combi-execute that last foe to the crowds cheers....just glorious! I know i will play this game alot more and i really hope they will play more on the gladiator thing, it could be its own seperate game thats how good it is!"
,Recommended,302510,12451156,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Arka,"The game has a very good storyline based on ancient roman warriors but the combat style is quite repetative and lastly it's very short.It took about 6 hrs to finish the campaign mode but the graphics are so amazing that you feel immersed into the game.There were some game breaking bugs at the release but the developers are working very hard and have fixed them very quickly.This game is definitely not worth the 40$ price tag that is has but nonetheless it's a pretty nice game to have on my collection,specially as I don't have an Xbox One in my collection!"
76561198051445483,Recommended,302510,12452460,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Eeliya,"Very nice graphics but actions are not as good as graphics in my opinion.But still I enjoy play it and I hope there will be second Ryse. Because if Crytek ghather user's feedbacks, they can create a game which both graphically and gameplay is perfect."
,Recommended,302510,12452989,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,LordTyr85,"Stunning visuals, combat feels great. Executions are fun, enemy types change up the gameplay so it stays fun, story is told very well.Completed one playthrough in roughly 5h, which is cool because there is absolutely no filler.10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,302510,15328236,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,SmokedPalanco,"Longest 6 hours of my life, since i had to restart every 15 min due to some sound bug stuttering that i could find no solution for.Game itself is decent, tho alot of cut sceens to extend gameplay."
76561198186583999,Recommended,302510,19485162,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,stevovvv,awesome game
,Recommended,302510,19495533,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,L Taco,I had a really good experience playing this. atleast different from other shooter/action games out there. Definitely worth a try (y)Pros:Holy F***ing graphicsGreat audioFun combatAmazing locations (All hail Crytek)cons:Repetitive combatlinear gameplay
,Recommended,302510,19474981,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nemz,"6/10Far from a great game, but so entertaining.Pros:-+ Graphics. this game looks beautiful+ Detailed well directed cutscenes+ Hack n Slash works well+ Finishera are funCons:-- Enemy variety. In terms of models and attack types- Repetetive. Fighting remains the same through out the game- Extremely linear. Not a big con but I would like some more exploaration options- Not much replayability. I might play the game again in a few years but not anytime soonEven after everything I recommend the game. Its at a great value if you pick it up duting a sale. Its only about 7 hours long but those 7 hours feel well worth you money."
76561198070622923,Not Recommended,302510,19635101,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,chicken pie,"got it on sale so was worth the buy, it's really pretty and has fun story but it's a little repetitive, it's capped at 30 fps which really ruins the game for me though. 5/10"
76561197995171799,Recommended,302510,19590035,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Goz,"Good game, decent test for a good graphics card !Only trouble is there just isn't enough of a story campain. Could have had more combat moves ! Done and done in around 8 hours ! If you're going to get it just for the story play through then ....1) If money is no option to you then just get it, it's a fun waste of 8 hrs2) Wait till it's on saleG"
76561198114164969,Recommended,302510,19646506,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pause,Good Game ^^
76561197995860392,Recommended,302510,19640598,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mandarim,"The game graphics are 10/10 but with some bugs that any game have .The storyline is good , but it could be a much longer .you will spend 6h at the story and you will be amazedbut you also will wish a bit more.Good game , really good , but too short .I hope they make another game , with much more story .7/10."
,Recommended,302510,19542719,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr.Kill1234,"It's an alright game overall. The combat system is really the shining point of this game. There aren't many games were you get to be put in Anicent times and get to hack enemies to death, and this game really satisfies that want. The story is pretty short though. All in all, it is a pretty decent game."
76561198165155447,Recommended,302510,19565226,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,syamel_baqtiar23,really love this game. i hope that i can find more games like this. the graphic is realy cool.
,Recommended,302510,19545724,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Aven,"If you're into ancient(?) roman times then get this game. I loved it and I cannot complain about a thing. Wish it was longer though, but hey the story was great. Buy it."
76561197977031335,Recommended,302510,19558374,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Wezilla,ROME IS ORDER
76561198025325576,Not Recommended,302510,18222745,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Runnerswild,Amazing graphics and the gameplay is fun. Horrible frame drops even with a 980 ti. Lowering settings does not help.
,Recommended,302510,19279229,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Goatroach,"Some folks say this is just a tech demo... guess what? It's much more!The story is PHENOMENAL. Did you like Gladiator? This is about 100 times better.This game feels like an interactive movie, and it's just one memorable scene after another.The combat is simplistic, but that's to keep the story moving along, yet you will enjoy it.The soundtrack, voice acting, and sound effects are top notch.I haven't tried the multiplayer, mostly because as an old-school pre-internet gamer, I play games for the story, not the multi-player. However, It does look interesting.Replayability is unfortunately mediocre, but one run through the campaign, IMHO, is worth the sticker price alone, much less replaying it a few times.So my breakdown:Graphics: 10/10 (Crytek. 'Nuff said)Audio: 10/10Story: 10/10Gameplay: 7/10Replayability: 5/10Multiplayer: N/A (haven't played it)Overall: 8/10Conclusion: Buy it, preferably add it to your wish list, and wait for a sale, but definitely buy it at some point."
,Recommended,302510,19279861,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dreamphantom_1977,"Awesome game, bought for $10.00 on sale, well worth it, beautiful graphics, fun to play, and runs great."
76561197991797017,Recommended,302510,19446065,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zilverborn,Great story and really good voice actors to all characters. Short game but here you have a interactive movie. Amazing graphics with great combat.
76561198040360903,Recommended,302510,19375571,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jensen,In the early gameplay:5 enemies rounded marius!♥♥♥♥♥♥ What should i do?!!!!After 1 hour and have the godlike power:- Kick one thousands barbarian asses!!!!
76561198115088933,Recommended,302510,19404836,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Corn,I usually get bored of games very quickly like mad max for example but this game was one of the best i have ever played.
76561198068482820,Recommended,302510,19374693,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,I mean from what i have played it has a short sweet story but combat can get repetitive and is downright odd with keyboard and mouse. if you can. use a controller. fun game but definetly a console game. that said. the port and performance is top notch. its just a good roman game for once.
,Recommended,302510,19374975,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LiquidJoy,"I don't regret picking this up in the sale. The combat is very repetitive at first which is bad for a game solely dedicated to combat but the story is good, Sometimes great. I was on the edge of my seat whenever the character Basilius was on screen. The game is also visually stunning, technically and artistically."
76561197971217026,Recommended,302510,19352422,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Astronautchimp,Fantastic action game with some of the best visuals I have seen in realtime.
76561198193363610,Not Recommended,302510,19353056,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,alabalik,Pros:Amazing graphics.First 2-3 chapters are enjoyable.Cons:Gameplay is too easyRepetitive after a few chaptersNot much replay-abilityVery short (finishes in 6-7 hours if you don't collect anything)Conclusion:Buy if it is less than 10 bucks
76561198044284536,Recommended,302510,19355340,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ReyMortadela,"Amazing graphics, amazing environments, amazing story.10/10"
76561198077838421,Recommended,302510,19367560,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[XLG] SNIPERMANN64,"well i must say that Ryse..is a hard game, when i say hard i mean its agame with alot of blod and action and its a hard game to play, ther are some great actions ore killmoves if you like, but its a game that takes alot of time to play, so if you are looking for agame with a great grafic and action then Ryse is the one.....thums up.."
,Recommended,302510,19371360,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cyrus,"I have only played this game for about 2 hours! But i can already say that I am loving this game, all other games I play are on hold until i complete this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,302510,19439349,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TwixtorOG,"Ryse is most graphically stunning video game, the greatest game I  ever played!"
76561198057769970,Recommended,302510,19423171,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Galschar,"The combat is a little bit repetitive, but I liked how brutal the fights feel like. I really got the feeling of being a roman soldier, of being fighting for my life. In addition to this, the graphics are awesome. I have rarely seen such a beautiful game with such a good performance. The game might be simple in its core mechanics, but I loved the story and wish to see more games about the Roman Empire. I recommend this game for everey gamer who loves history and the movie 300."
,Recommended,302510,12473239,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AlexMuRR_XD_ALV,"I had the Xbox One ver. and i can tell you that this port is terrific. Itself its better than the XB1 version, unlike other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports like CoD Ghosts, etc...10/10 Would recomend"
,Recommended,302510,30633994,Posted: 20 March,all,Lucien Lachance,"cool story, repetitive gameplay 7/10"
76561198025907101,Recommended,302510,19450390,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,cobbleswobble,"Really great game! Great Graphics, Good story, good combat and very immersive.  Loved it"
76561198010403528,Recommended,302510,19442446,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Zim,I really liked this game.+Graphics are B E A U T I FUL+character models are top of the line+animations where masterfully done+Executions where brillant and much needed+the formation attacks were brillantly done+All round excellent game-My only problem was the combat mechanicsthere was no real sense of a fight just a repeated fomula with a few things added for the different enemy types including bosses. Me not being an xbox player was using the control pad and I could not figure out why I couldn't evade Glott until I found out you have to press Y WHEN HE TURNED YELLOW then defeated him easliy. Boudica also glided across the ground at me closing the distant instantly even though i rolled out of attack range this only happened when she was well into her attack animation. I also had enemies attacking through thier comrades with the enemy not being able to damage each other. My freindly AI would most of the time just stand there watching me fight doing nothing to help until they were completely alone and attacked by the enemy.-My legionnaire shield was absolutely useless due the lack of being able to hold it up to defend he would of been better off with a buckle on his arm and a dagger in hand.for me personally the fights were only bearable due to the awsome executions which i think really made the fights. they made you feel like a battlefield veteran especially on the double kills or when you were fighting a few enemies and take them down individually.
,Recommended,302510,19442583,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,StealthReborn--,"If you're a big fan of Roman times, then you should automatically pick this up even if it does have some flaws.The two noticable flaws in this game are it's story and repetitive combat system. Stripping down to the story as a basic ""I want revenge"" type of deal. The story doesn't go into any depth at all about the interesting characters that you meet and see along your journey but instead you have to roam around and find scrolls that unlock interesting tidbits here and there.The combat system while it will amaze and be astonishing at first, once you've seen the same quick timed moves, the flavor of it can quickly diminish. I have to give credit when credit is due, even though 80% of the time you'll find yourself in a QTE, the executions are very well done. It can feel a bit ""button mashy"" at times but it keeps you on your toes and forces you to try different things against various enemies.Soundtrack wise, one of the great ones out there. Very atmospheric and every scene you head into has that perfect music in the background to set the tone for you.Another strong point to this game is its excellent voice acting. All the voices suit each of the characters perfectly. The graphics are top notch although I did run into a few bugs during cut scenes and a slight framerate drop here and there but nothing drastically noticable during the experience.Multiplayer is good but unless you're playing with a friend or even another random person, it can get very boring very quick.While I don't think this game is worth the full $30, it's worth the price when it goes on sale. There's just not enough content to warrent a full $30 purchase.Story - 6/10Graphics - 9/10Soundtrack - 9/10Combat - 7/10Replay Value - 7/10Overall score - 7.6/10"
76561197968186128,Not Recommended,302510,19568932,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Wolfwood,"Cannot recommend. Overall 3/10, 6 hours of game play, steam says 8, before finished at medium difficulty. Does not seem to have much replay value.Good stuff: Beautiful visually, and I really like the characters, well the villains characters and the voice acting in the cut scenes are fantastic, the way the enunciate and gesture feels real, like a life-action movie.Pet peeve: You cannot pause or skip any of the, sometimes several minutes long, cut scenes, extremely annoying I think, but might not matter much to others. As far as I can figure out you cannot even re-watch cut scenes anywhere (besides likely finding them on youtube or other) so only option is sitting and keeping up with the “riveting” plot. It is one of the several small annoyances that just adds up to the game looking high priced (graphics), but feeling like something that did not even have the money for a test-run.Lack of diversity in combat/enemies: Compared to a much older combat with quick time events game like God of War, Ryse Son of Rome have a fraction of the enemies. Basically there is: Archer, un-shielded warrior, shielded warrior, heavy attack warriors (3 versions, shield wearing, duel-wielding and big two-handed wielder) and then some bosses that are variance of same. Sure some are dressed as Romans, some as “Britons” and some as cow skull headed scots, but really, they all have the same mechanics and executions/quick times done to them.The repetitiveness of the combat system and the warriors makes you question your characters sanity, as he is fighting 4, not only functionally identically, but even visually identical enemies, right down to their nipple tinsels (no joke, the fat male warriors wear them). The boss fights are even worse I think, nearing the end I think I literally died of boredom in some fights after having to go “parry-parry-dodge stab once” over and freaking over to get to the damned end.Compared to other combat games God of War have dozens of functionally different enemies, unique quick time events or even stages to take them out as well. Again though, RSR have better character voice I think, they seem much more real.Setting: I am no historian, but what with the occasional magic/gods in the game, setting in weird timeline where Rome/Britons have huge medieval castles in a somewhat united Britain, seems weird. I think the setting would’ve been better off being Warhammer, Lord of the Rings or even Song of Ice and Fire. Something where the game did not have to try one hand to be all “oh we’re so historical” while with the other hand waving gods, magic and “Totally not chaos worshipping beastmen” at you (pretty sure there was at least one star of the chaos gods at some point).I really liked the formation combat part, but again, very repetitive after awhile, would have been nice if more was added to it. Plus there was very little introduction to it, compared to the beginning of the game which apparently have to explain to you that “Left mouse button = sword attack” and other really simple stuff. Which reminds, if you mess up and die, there will occasionally pop up a message reminding you of which buttons you should use (remember to dodge/make perfect parry or what have you) but the help pops up AFTER you have entered combat, are likely already mashing buttons to survive, so you are likely, as I did many times, to remove the help before you even have a chance to se it. Changing it to a “Esc to remove” rather than any-button might be smart. Unlike the damned cut scenes, I mean really, just a “Are you sure you want to skip?” and allow us to watch it later, cannot be that difficult.Short game, still repetitive, weird setting, good voice/character acting, lots of small fault/annoyances: 3/10 game, would NOT recommend for more than 3-5 euros top."
76561198047116461,Recommended,302510,30633074,Posted: 20 March,all,Frenchy von-richt,"Fantastic game. Combat mechanics aren't the most advanced, but they worked a treat. Personally, I think simplicity is sometimes a good thing - sometimes you don't want to have to master a new system each time you play a new game.What else is there... The graphics/animations are amazing, as is the sound track. Cinematics are incredibly detailed, which leads me to the story.. It is absolutely top notch, put me through many strong emotions, I thoroughly recommend the game for those who become invested in storylines."
76561198072641044,Recommended,302510,22263294,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Raining Tacos,Solid action game with a good story and great animation. Not very long and pretty linear so replayability is limited in single player but if you can get a multi match going its pretty sweet!buy it on sale...8.5/10
76561198067502190,Not Recommended,302510,22254969,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Nazametal,"This would give this game a rating of 5/10Graphic is 9/10. Acting is 8/10The story is not too bad.But the gameplay feels like a boring chore. It was cool and enjoyable for the first hour but after that its the same repititive combat style. I didnt even read what I was upgrading because I just want to finish it ASAP and uninstall it.However, towards trhe end, the game feels just maybe 15% nicer.In summary... one word...BORING"
,Recommended,302510,22255151,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dawg101 DJ Dawg ღLoveMyPuppiesღ,Everything is amazing in this game! The graphics and combat are outstanding.
76561198073674841,Recommended,302510,22263126,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,seerkhen,"yeah pretty fun action, god of war style on pc"
,Recommended,302510,22273582,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,<?jokerZ,"DISCLAIMER: only reviewing singleplayer!TL;DR: Bought it for 5€, downloaded the 27GB(!!) and played through the story on one day (3.5h on Soilder difficulty).Graphics are awesome, optimization not so much, my GTX960 provides much better performance on other titles.Was cool, not worth more than 5€ for singleplayer alone.Pro:-Easy to pick up-Fun combat system, especially at the start, very 'assassins creed'-like-Good graphics-Epic :DNeutral:-Pretty low skill cap, if you get the fighting system down and see an attack twice you can never get hit again-Easy to get all the skills (no grinding needed, even with only killing the ones you must kill you should end up fully powered up at the end)-Linear map layoutCon:-Very short (singleplayer 3.5h as a newbie on medium difficulty)-Pretty big at 27GB download size-Demanding on Hardware, for me (4GHz AMD, GTX960) it was at 20-60fps with medium graphics-The collectible items are not of any worth except the achievment and the map layout doesnt provide any motivation to search them, many times I found a 'hidden' area just to find it completly empty and useless-The skill (only one) he has is useless, for normal enemys you dont need it and for bosses it doesnt work"
76561198017622645,Recommended,302510,22273734,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hronic,"Worth getting and playing if on a discount 75% (5 EUR). I like those type of games but did not have high expectations. Despite few pros and many cons listed below I enjoyed it for two evenings.Pros:-very attractive graphic and cut scenes-nice audio and voiceacting-story was rather simple but because of ancient rome scenery and times, interesting-violence in game was very common :)Cons:-very short, I ended it under 8h without rushing-gameplay is very recurrent (like any H&S)-multiplayer mode does not drag you in-very simple fighting system (very limited)-> block, counter, execute-I had difficulties getting pilums, some time my character was just ""grabing air""-linear, very linear, 0 impact on the plot"
,Recommended,302510,22255771,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Dark Knight,"Combat system in my opinion as good as the batman ames combat system, love this game and its brutality 11/10"
76561198028078454,Recommended,302510,22261605,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DankSkeletor,"This game has an amazing story and graphics! The combat system is really nice and unique I would recommend getting this game, but the downsides are that there are some bugs, it becomes a bit of a drag and hasel with how many enemies spawn and you have to kill, and the fact that I couldn't finish it because the ending was broken. But all in all I would give it an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,302510,22261822,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,richar909,One mission is like D-Day Roman style!!!!Yes its a short game on story line and there is a multiplayer mode where you fight in the arena basically.I enjoyed tyhe game but i did pick it up on sale for 5$ so cant really complian at that price
,Recommended,302510,21999114,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,muppetgeoff,Click Blue Click YellowBoudica on elephantsclick all over Rome.
76561198134916268,Recommended,302510,22051037,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Abysswalker,I bought this game thinking about Spartan: Total Warrior... Didnt came out as i expected but i am not dissapointed tho
76561197999620416,Recommended,302510,22089205,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ThisIsBlurry,Good stroy and gameplay. Nice graphics. Easy.
,Recommended,302510,22141982,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jhingo,"Great game, great graphics, great mechanics, however the only thing that keeps it down is the game time. The game is incredibly short."
,Not Recommended,302510,22142400,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Nub,"One of the most frustrating gaming experiences I've had.And not because of the gameplay. The quicktime events and simple mechanics I can handle. I was actually quite enjoying the combat for what it was. The game is beautiful and technically impressive. Certainly a looker. What makes it frustrating is the constant stuttering and hitching. I've tried every trick that Google had to offer to attempt to solve this. I've run on the lowest settings, lowest textures, edited config files, installed Origin, parked cores. Just about everything and nothing solve it. My computer isn't a beast - 1090t @ 3.71Ghz, GTX 970 but it should be able to handle this game even on medium settings."
,Recommended,302510,22149779,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CUDGEdaveUK,"What do you call a Roman Emperor with a cold?Julius Sneezer.What a great game for £3 something! It has a great story,and some beatiful graphics along with some superb facial animations;and the characters are interesting and not dullards as in most games.Also there  must have been alot of twins born in the Roman era as you fight the same enemies alot of the time,Oh well have that! fat barbarian! and you baldy barbarian..splat!! take that fat barbarian!Yep,it not a game for brain boffins as it's just slash slash block block etc.But I couldn't give a toss as it was cheap as chips.Oh,and the sound,voice acting and music is superb.10/10 and I'll have the caesar salad."
,Recommended,302510,22149925,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Busby,"I bought this game on sale for £3.74.Was it worth it? Without a doubt.In fact, I probably would of paid up to £19.99 for it.It has a good story line, took me 5 hours to complete.That's without collecting all the hidden treasures.The game is really well optimised, and has better graphivs then most games of 2015.So if you like Shadow of Mordor, and the hack & slash + Roman Esq style.You'll love it, and I high recommend.WOrth the"
,Recommended,302510,22150431,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Domestic Terrorism,"The game play was really fun on this. Its simple, mindless and great for a college student that needs to wind down and kill some barbarians. Well it was fun until the game randomally stops working. Or when frame rates drop through the floor. Maybe my new computer of a AMD Fx 8350 and Gtx 970 with 8gb of ram isnt good enough to handle the game at high (not maxed)... or maybe its a♥♥♥♥♥♥port that needs alot of work. So if you can handle this♥♥♥♥♥♥. go for it. get the game for $5 on sale. i wouldnt pay a penny more for it."
,Recommended,302510,22150545,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Wolnir,This was a great game good story i finshed the campaign in one day lol. But 10/10 would buy again
76561198012790449,Recommended,302510,22150911,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mack94,Absolutely love it. It's like watching a movie you can actually kill in.
76561198241847162,Recommended,302510,22145902,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lord Dake Kai,"1. - Designed for NextGenConsoles...And it shows2. - Short, Linear3. + Good graphics...that's why it's short. (because of next gen BS)4. +- All story, like a mini movie. Decent story though.5. - Camera is friggin awefull most of the time. In a group, you will get back♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot.6. - Not near the caliber of Shadow of Mordor or Mad Max. Seems like they tried though.7. +- Best to buy when on massive sale like I did. $5 You might get $10 worth of play un less you really like MP.8. - Fighting is really basic, but cool to watch.9. + Multiple difficulty settings10. ++ Character animations are awesome. Mouth movements really good.Overall:Graphics 9/10  Sound 9/10  Controls 5/10  Gameplay 6.5/10  Story 10/10GET ON SALE"
76561198064524619,Recommended,302510,20021475,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chocolate Thunder,"Truly an incredible and artisitc game. It isn't story rich and the campaign is beatable in about 5 hours, but it's just enough to keep you wanting more. The graphics are splendid and the kills are brutal: exactly what you'd want in a game about a centurion!"
,Recommended,302510,20012700,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bilbo_Swaggins hellcase.com,"You are Marius, a son of a Roman general, and what a great person to play as. This game provides great combat and epic executions. The multiplayer is also very fun with a friend. The game has a good storyline. For 6.79, this game is a steal. I can tell it has very similar combat to Shadow of Mordor. If you enjoyed Shadow of Mordor, you'll most likely enjoy this game too."
,Recommended,302510,20054731,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Young Metro,"Awesome Steam Sale Game!Is pretty much what I have to sum this game up. Graphics, Gameplay, and Story are all awesome! I only had a couple of issues with framerate during bigger battle scenes! But seriously I would only by this game if it is on Sale."
76561198015449967,Recommended,302510,20026024,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,King,Surround by 6 man and all of them stand and watch hwo i execute their men.10/10 will excecute again.
76561198008612695,Recommended,302510,20247919,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dark helix,"If you're looking for a cinematic story with incredible graphics and basic hack and slash gameplay, you can't do better than Ryse.It is beautifully made, feels like you're in a film and you will feel like a hero once you master the combat.It's an on rails hack and slash but it's also great fun, beautiful to look at and the voice acting is also great. Enjoy the ride.I have a 980 gtx and run on a 27 inch g-sync monitor. Game runs smoothly at 30fps.Yes that's not 60fps but who cares, it plays great and looks incredible. This is an experience to be enjoyed and not a twitch shooter."
,Recommended,302510,20260579,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Makkiduperz,"Great game, simple enough: just buy and play it."
,Not Recommended,302510,19899112,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ZeuS,"I guess by now you have read many reviews that repeat the very same pros and cons again and again so I wont bother to repeat them here.What I will bother do however is say this:How the heck do people give to this game a very positive rating when the cons are so seriously and overwhelmingly bad? It is like rewarding the laziest possible attempt while at the same time we do recognize the lazyness involved. That is because you read a review, you see all the abysmally bad things mentioned in the cons... and then you see a thumbs up as well. WTH.Yeah the graphics are neat... but also yeah... there are like 8 enemies cloned to death on a game where you actually do NOTHING else than seeing their faces, bodies and equipment while you quicktime event killing them again and again and again and again....Yeah the moves are neat...but also yeah...there is absolutely no freedom, strategy, tactics or skill involved. In fact I would rather have the developers have a button, which if you were to press all the fights would be resolved automatically while you sit back and you enjoy a.... b-movie story with AAA movie production values. The fights after about half an hour or so get so boring that feel like a chore that you get to perform just to see the next awesome graphical setting.Do not get the game if it is not on a 75% off sale, and even then you might think that your $5 could be much better spent on something else.It is quite telling that I played this for about an hour and a half, I quit and I found myself playing Mount & Blade: Warband which has ABYSMALLY worse graphics, animation, production values...you name it... and nevertheless it is a vastly superior game.I am not trying to compare the two as they are completely uncomparable. Different genres, different styles, different everything. What I am trying to say is that graphics is not everything in a game, and in this particular case, although you cannot go much better than that graphics wise, the game feels so hollow that one has to wonder what the heck the developers were thinking.And to go back to my initial point... what the heck the reviewers - that keep thumping it up - were thinking. Do they want companies to produce more games like this, or do they want to push gaming developers in a better direction?I would give to this game a 2/10 while being extremely generous."
76561197988913811,Not Recommended,302510,20232194,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fiziks,controls are terrible for PC and the story is short and uninteresting. you also cannot change the controls to better suite your play style. they give you 3 or so choices to choose from. all awful.
,Recommended,302510,20241881,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RaposoTroll,"It is an excelent game if you get it on sale. For just about 6 bucks, you get a short, pumped, epic and intense story. It sure have its flaws, but in the end it leaves me hoping for a sequel.-Graphics are breathtaking, special mention to facial expressions.-The story is very interesting. You are in the skin of Marius, a roman soldier who ranks up his way through the roman campaing in Brittain against the celtics. Good secondary characters.-Tons and tons of executes.-Roman setting is awesome. Going through a ravine and holding position in a tortoise formation is epic!-I do enjoy the combat system. It is simple but brutal.I would not recommend this game when it came out. This flaws that Ryse has are not forgivable for a full price game.-Too short and too easy.-Low variation of enemies. How many times did I fight those chubby, long haired barbarians? It is even more notorius with such a good graphics.-Too-generic mechanics (throwing spears, etc), it shows too much that is scripted. Specially the feeling of fighting small waves of barbarians after small waves of barbarians.Overall, for such a low price is great.  It has great graphics, a nice combat system and an awesome setting.I wish they did a more evolved and refined sequel. Where the mechanics where not so obvious, where it was more gore (I hate stabbing people and there's no wounds, guts falling out afterwards) and they pish further with the story.Maybe they could have different characters that the player controls during different roman campaings around the world!I would for sure buy such a game!"
76561197970689703,Recommended,302510,20270222,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tuxxy,"So I bought this game on sale at $8 ir so. Ok, best $8.00 ever spent. This game was great! I enjoyed the story, it wasn't over my head or too deep for me to bother with. Perfect. Graphics were stunning. Obviously the graphics will differ a bit based on system specs, but if you have a box built for gaming, you'll be very pleased at the visuals in the game. The game was quite linear, thus your sort of stuck in the story telling, but I'm ok with that. It works here. The gameplay was only about 5.5hrs for me, but there is the Arena portion of the game, that can be either solo or co-op I belive (I only played a bit of solo). Again, overall a great game and having on spent a few bucks, totally worth it. Hope to find more games I enjoy this much."
76561198021303873,Recommended,302510,20155094,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hal9000ht,"Amazing graphics and cinematics, good story, average combats"
76561197997261287,Recommended,302510,20164331,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Deadman649,One of the best games in my book
,Recommended,302510,20159088,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zastrow,"Pretty simple hack and slash game with a setting, story and production value that are all top notch.  Not a deep game but worth a play-through"
76561197978337815,Recommended,302510,20159779,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CRAGNAR,"A fun game with a good story.  Made originally to show off what the new consoles could do, but definitely worth the current price of less than seven dollars when it is on sale. A block instead of a deflect option would be nice, but other than that the battles are great to look at, and there is plenty of hard hitting action. Totally worth a second playthrough after you unlock the hardest difficulty."
76561198036404045,Recommended,302510,20194380,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,VINN1059,Outstanding visuals! Exceptionally engaging story with amazing combat! The general feel of this game to me is like playing a movie. Love it!
,Recommended,302510,20196127,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ShadowWolf2112,Phenonmenal game! I love the game play mechanics and leveling systems. This was a great find during the winter sale.
76561197967887127,Recommended,302510,20193245,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HDMiWa,Played it all at once. Short but sweet (6+ houres). Intense game!! I loved it. Must play if you like ancient Rome and lots of action!BEST 7 euro's I have spend on a discounted game!!
,Recommended,302510,20186758,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Whitestar19,"*Disclamier* I am a HUGE ancient Rome geek.  That said, I really loved this game for it's story, graphics and fun combat system.  It's similar to the Batman games.  You have to pull off combos and execute finishing moves.  It's heavy on quicktime events, but they make sense and add to the flavor.  If you're hitting someone with your shield, you'll hit the shield button.  With your sword, the sword button.  It's not just random buttons.You feel like you're fighting with an army behind you, and many times you do and get to choose what they do.  Defend the left or right side?  Position archers to help you, or your men?  Attack siege engines or siege towers?  You also get to fight in a testudo.  Moving slowly forward, shields up to protect from archers and then throw your pilums to take them out.  There's also a multiplayer mode, but since the game is old it's basically dead but you can still play ""solo"" MP mode and advance your gladiator.There needs to be  a lot more games like this, especially ones that take place in Rome!  It's a lot of fun and not a long game but long enough.  Play gladitor mode to keep playing.  If you ever wanted to fight in a Roman legion, this game is for you.  I give this game 5/5 whitestars."
,Recommended,302510,20166596,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jernesto,"In simple words: I love this game, just what I was looking for"
,Recommended,302510,20204417,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,♥ teaD,"Fantastic Graphics - Interesting Story - Fun GameplayI really enjoy this game, ancient rome is stunning"
76561198021954873,Recommended,302510,20188031,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,lilljohan,Great looking and fun but short.
76561198252451052,Recommended,302510,20181956,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,theworldturns_218,very nice love the gameplay n story ... i feel like a  number 2 about the ghost gladiators revenge would be the right next move
,Recommended,302510,20198555,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,noweat,"Enjoyable third person hack and slash with some fairly simply but clean mechanics.  Not a lot of depth or strategy involved as you march through the campaign as Marius 'Son of Rome' Titus.  Beautiful graphics along all throughout the suprisingly short campaign that I managed to rush through in ~5 hours.  Still giving this a thumbs up as unlike most of my library I actually stuck around long enough to beat!  Well, thumbs up at the deeply discounted winter 2015 price...  I wouldn't want to have paid more than that.Played using a xbox 360 controller, I don't know how pleasant this would of been with out it."
76561198076004168,Recommended,302510,24389596,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,d0vla,"The campaign is too short, but overall the game is amazing :)"
,Recommended,302510,24398461,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sherektion,"Great game, pretty short, but certainly worth a buy if it's on sale."
76561197970102105,Recommended,302510,24208022,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hawkins,"Awesome game! I really like the roman theme. Nice action. nice fights. nice graphics! Pretty ok story!negative points: major framedrops in some levels, especially the forest and york. not very much different enemies.If the game is on sale, buy!"
,Recommended,302510,24211529,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,onyxlee,"I love this game so much! It's not just any game, it ACTUALLY brings you back to the history (with fantasy of course) and shows you the brilliant Roman history and culture, and some degree of historical events. Now I really want to go to the museum and I will never see the Rome and Greece area the same. I can feel the blood and honor behind those statues and armors.I truly wish that more developers can make some games like this, which not only provide pure and simple entertainment, but also a lesson of some degree, that will open your eyes, and inspire the curiosity and interests to the real world.STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU TRY IT IF YOU HAVEN'T."
76561197980727010,Recommended,302510,24147162,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Slothzilla,"If you enjoy a good cinematic story, have always fancied being a Roman Centurion and don't mind quick time events; definitely worth a few quid in the sale! If you don't rate that stuff, I probably wouldn't bother!"
76561198056337482,Recommended,302510,24171131,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WishManiac,"Despite a repetitive fighting system and a lack of freedom in exploring I do not regret any minute nor any cent spend for and with this game. The game contains very good storyline and the visuals that are stunning even now.The locations are like taken out straight from the movies and so is the story.Buy and play it. If you will get through the average fighting system,you won't regret it.If they released a sequel I'd buy it immediately.8/10"
76561198169480679,Recommended,302510,24212095,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Grey Goose,good game good story but working weird
76561197977341779,Recommended,302510,24213498,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cubic,"Picked it up on sale and oh boy was it worth it.Graphic is impressive. Story is a nice excuse to execute a lot of barbarians in a lot of gory ways. Sweeet.Fighting system is basic, but fun. It feels similar to easier and simplistic Dark Souls. In a good way.Mark here that I played through in hard mode, and that took around 10 hours. After beating the game the Legendary difficult is unlocked. Enemies take and deal more damage, Marius heals less. Can't be bothered to play again though.Excellent experience for a sale price."
,Recommended,302510,24217445,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jesteri,For 5€ i r8 8/8 m8.gr8 story m8yesyes
,Recommended,302510,24217850,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tunikb,"Great graphics, refreshing setting, stylized fights in a very short game (short enough to not be annoyed by repetitive fights) that is well worth a discounted price!"
76561197980257840,Recommended,302510,24219549,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fallen,"Recommended - This Game has outstanding graphics and a great story. The combat system is all about timed button presses, and is very satisfying when you get the hang of it. There are dozens of Executions many that you unlock with earned xp, There are 4 dificulties, the hardest being Legendary whitch is initially locked. You can play through, level up, unlock various. executions and upgrades to health and other stats. Then benefit from them when you play through again on another dificulty. Ounce a chapter has been unlocked, you can choose to replay it anytime at any dificulty."
,Not Recommended,302510,24219865,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,juantheplumber,"+ Stunning Graphics, Nice execution moves- Short. Repetitive Gameplay, Boring and frustrating Boss fights, Horrible Pseudo Hitorical Storyline, Unskippable scene intros. Very limited options during a fight. The enemies just stand there watching while you execute their mates."
,Not Recommended,302510,24217971,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheSithElite,"Who did the history checking for this game? A small child, who is blind also deaf a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ too. Nothing is accurate to history at all. Also the gameplay is repeatative and boring. Story is cliche and dull, save your money."
76561198162080373,Recommended,302510,24150999,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HoeLeChit,"Got Ryse: Son of Rome during sale for $5.00 (worth it)Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 7.5/10 (Fairly easy, simple controls)Online Gameplay: 7.0/10 (gets repetitive)Storyline: 10/10All in all this is a fantastic game w/ an amazing storyline and great graphics. *You can finish the game fast*I wished the game was more open worldish. When playing you are basically lead through the game instead of making your own choices, only at certain points you get to pick where your archers are posted but thats pretty much it."
76561197963321051,Recommended,302510,24167330,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Troll,"By all means - this game is short. And that is basically the only weak point I found. With brilliant graphics and a good story - though a little unrealistic at some points, but still very well presented - it would be one of the best games I tried in a long, long time. If only it would be a little longer..."
,Recommended,302510,24159331,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Illmatic,I LOVE ITThis game is perfect. I had some doubts at first because I heard that it has a repeatingly fighting system which will get boring after a couple of fights and that the game is really short (it took me about 6 hours without collecting all the chronicles and stuff). Both may be true but if you see this game as something like an interactive movie/story then you will get very happy with it. So don´t buy it if you want a game you can play for hours. Also I would recommend to buy it during sale (got it for 5 bux during Summer Sale 16) because it´s that short. You could even play it straight.Although the story is short it is really cool and you truly get caught by Marius feelings. I won´t spoil the story but it is one of the coolest game-stories I´ve seen so far and it has a tremedous ending.10/10
,Recommended,302510,24088992,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,iPheed,"Best 5 euros I ever spent. Awesome gfx, decent story, liked the combat. Would buy for 20 euros as well."
,Recommended,302510,24085733,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Revise,-Chose the hardest difficulty-Strugled a bit-Got 60-hit combo and kill everyone-Feelt good10/10 will do again
,Recommended,302510,24086048,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MatteDefra,bouncy goddes tatas: 10/10
,Recommended,302510,30816296,Posted: 29 March,all,Fucking Psycho,its a really great game with rich story and amazing graphics but a little too much of quick time events filled up the game. for a sale price you should try this one .
76561198047725674,Recommended,302510,24127018,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,OzPol,"Wow what a top game. The graphics are fantastic and the sword play and gruesome gore and dismemberment are very satisfying. I didn't realise until the end of the game that you can unlock new execution animations. So I might have to play this over again. So yeah, I'd say it has replay value. But it also has multiplayer. I've never played a gladiator game that was better then the multiplayer part of this game. You start out with a bulky but peasant looking gladiator and you over time kit him out with better gear. Fight in the name of individual gods to unlock unique gear.A few small gripes. You have to be pretty dead on with your positioning to pick up spears and use the mounted weapons. This can be a pain if you have archers constantly raining down flame arrows on you. Early on there were laggy cut scenes but that cleared up for the remaining 90% of the game. I heard this game was rubbish when it first came out on Xbox One, but now playing it on PC I have to say I bloody love it."
76561198078484019,Recommended,302510,24141841,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Awesome! Thank you Steam summer sale. Best 5 bucks ever spent. This game has a great cinemtaic story and action. I just love Greek mythos stories. Graphics are awesome as long as you have a decent gaming pc. Action while the same over and over is still really fun thanks to the timing needed between sword and shield attacks as well as deflecting and dodging. The fights stay challenging and you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥from the 300 movies when you are doing it correctly ending in your execution finshes. Game stays fun for me. LOL though you can feel like a chump when you mess up. Takes practice. I probably would have missed this great game until I came upon it in the sale. Sure glad I did.
,Recommended,302510,24109632,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Skankasaurus,"Completed in <8 hours, but entertaining enough during that time. Combat is heavily dependent on QTEs but is reasonably enjoyable. Story was mediocre at best and I haven't touched multiplayer at this point. I purchased during the summer sale for 5$ and certainly wouldn't recommend paying any more than that.6/10."
76561198117943472,Recommended,302510,24122771,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TDxViiZiionZx,"The story on this game was really good, The combat was really good and the executions were very good.The story was a little on the short side, I did however enjoy the storyline a lot. The story was very addictive.This game was a lot like spartacus and was really enjoyableWould recommend to others"
76561198071905462,Not Recommended,302510,24123330,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nihlathak,This game is an example that good graphics does not guarantee good game
,Recommended,302510,24127932,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MOLE-MAN,Beautiful graphics. Intense gameplay. Nice storyline.
,Recommended,302510,24111922,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SamuraiBrack,"Ryse was a fun jaunt through an alternate history while providing a satisfying bloodlust.Graphics worked quite well and combat is quite fluid. Transitioning between ranged and melee was a bit frustrating at time, and some of the ""event"" based combat was slightly annoying - but the primry combat mechnic was a joy and made up for any of the lacking counterparts.Story was an interesting take on the Roman Empire and was a faily linear tale (not to be taken negatively, it worked well).Gameplay as a whole was rather dull. Something seemed to be missing; combat was fun and story was entertaining - it was just missing the spark to make it great rather than a repetitive hack-and-slash experience.Overall: 7/10 - I picked it up on a Steam sale, and would advise the same to anyone else."
,Recommended,302510,24252650,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Slaschi,Nice StoryCool motionnice graphics
76561198010934969,Not Recommended,302510,24281084,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,504,"970 owners beware! Played what I assume is 50% of this game at a an avarage 60fps with ss off and Vsync on. Even with 1.5ss I only dropped to about 50fps. Once I passed the mark where I am now the game is running extrememly poorly. Changing the settings does not matter from low settings to max settings all I get is 25-33fps. Turning on SS will drop the frame rate to 8fps, but with it off I can only achieve 25-30ish. I wont say I didn't get drop prior but my lowest fps was 45 and now the game is almost un playable.Edit: Game ended up working again out of nowwhere. The parts where was getting poor frame rate jumped back up to 60fps. I just hurried and forced myself to finish the game so I could have it completed if these problems arose again. There was one other game nearly game breaking bug that I expierenced at the end. There was a series of QTE kills that have to be made in succession. Playing on an Xbox 360 controler I could not get the hits to register properly. All the kills have to be timed properly in order to replinish your health but no matter how or when I hit the A button the hits would register as if I was pushing the button too slow. The only way I could pass this area was with using my Kbd/M instead. Once done with the Kb/M I was able to easily pass the area, but the button presses were nearly identical judging by the time the enemy stayed lit up.Anyway TL:DR Potinetialy bugs will ruin the experince. Game is repetitive...not boring, but repetitive. Actually I enjoyed it, but thumbs down for frame rate bugs and game breaking qte bugs at the end of the game for people using a xbox controller. Worth it on sale under 10. Very short.My Specs:I7 4790GTX 97016gbWin10 64"
76561198038338527,Recommended,302510,24331505,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,huddoinco535,"good game play, though rather quick to finish, couple hours of part time playing and i was done"
,Recommended,302510,24302995,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Exia - エクシア,8/10-only consome boss fights and actions were buggy
76561198266690230,Not Recommended,302510,24303413,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jtwe84,"The game's only selling point are its graphics. Even three years after release it offers impressive (though at times inconsistent) visual fidelity when compared with current titles. It is an otherwise altogether mediocre experience. The combat is repetitive, and uninspired, the plot is average at best, and the campaign only lasts about five hours (even with its brevity it was a chore to work up the motivation to finish it).It was worth the 4$ steam summer sale price but there are far better games out there that cost a similar amount of money."
76561197971615996,Recommended,302510,24304022,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,JeezonTorst,"Completed in less than 7 hours. Good fun, very short, overly-simplistic battles means it gets boring pretty quick.Awesome graphics though and a decent story, was worth the £3 or so that I paid for it on a sale."
,Recommended,302510,24301127,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Captain Balu,My character's pants disappeared during a fight. 10/10 would hold back the barbarians half-naked.
76561197969244340,Recommended,302510,24325663,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dongalore,A fairly fun action game if you enjoy brutal slow-motion fatalities inspired from 300 and a revenge plot similar to Gladiator.  The visuals are also very impressive if you have the rig to handle it.
76561198209474321,Recommended,302510,24321294,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,dangerousdan,Pretty short but fun game. Its basically a hack and slash. I only played through the campaign so I cant really comment on anything else
76561198001345275,Recommended,302510,24320708,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Whisto,Overall nice game. Got it on steam sales. The fights are violent/brutal. Needs joystick to play. You can play it with keyboard/mouse combination but i will not recommend it.
,Recommended,302510,24347712,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,aDmj,"While the Story is very short, the fun lasts `til the end.Executions never get old.The story, while a generic revenge story, is easy to follow and fairly well written.The visuals in this game are absolutely beautiful. Great graphics, and an amazingly detailed world. Beautiful artwork.Combat is very fluid and responsive. However, I did have some parts of the environment get in my way during combat, such as flora. I would try to attack, but the plants between me and an enemy would prevent me from hitting them. There is no collision on the flora though, so I consider it a bug. However, it only happened during one chapter. Overall though, combat and movement is very responsive.The game was worth the $5 I paid during the recent sale. I honestly don’t think its worth more than $10 or so, seeing as I completed the story in less than 8 hours. That is my playtime on Steam, and I had it open and minimized for a long time as well. It’s not much longer than a few hours. So because of that, I don’t think its worth much more. I base this on a minimum of $1 per 1 hour of gameplay.There is SOME replayability in the fact that you can go back and do it on the hardest difficulty for achievements. That’s not really my thing, but it may be for others. You can also go back and collect items you missed for collections such as artwork and the comic things.MP is dead, so don’t count on playing that. If you buy the game expecting MP, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,302510,24323916,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Spyder .,Very fun game and good story line had a blast playing
76561198216922712,Not Recommended,302510,24329311,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,calcotepcrepair,Game had some charm but there were parts that were pure frustration that took away from the fun of the game Just a over rated button pusher that could been good with out some of the game play in the cut scens if you relly want to play this game wit for the sale
,Recommended,302510,24435529,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,alanmarchman,"It was OK, just very short.Pick it up when it's REALLY on sale."
76561198105945085,Recommended,302510,24435999,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,gxht,In a word: cinematic. Nothing wrong with that. Thoroughly enjoyed the short SP playthrough.Combat is satisfying but not deep. That's ok. I'm not very good at fighting games. Executions can be pretty brutal.Presentation and graphics are top notch. My GTX670 really struggled and had to turn down a few options. A fantastic looking game. This could have easily been a mini series on TV.Recommend buy on sale. Short playtime is a let down but I still have the online arena to play.Nitpick: he's got a shield but no block button. Sometimes the game requires you to pick off archers with your pila. Very frustrating without a shield block.
,Recommended,302510,24436712,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ARex,Yeah... it's alright.
,Recommended,302510,24455711,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Leonidus,Graphically eye popping. The whole time I played this game I really felt like I was there. The fighting mechanics were easy to learn and difficult to master. The biggest problem I would say is that there essentially is only one mechanic... I would have enjoyed the experience more if i was given different perspectives to play from. Ill still reccomend it because of the amazing execution of the compopents that are present
76561198109299622,Recommended,302510,24476807,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Errudito,"After using a mere 6.6 hr time frame to complete the game, I can say that 9/11 would erase their memory just to play it again"
,Recommended,302510,24158185,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chae Yeon 이채연,The graphics in this game is beautiful AS ♥♥♥♥! Storyline although short but interesting. Solo colosseum mode provides real challenge. Combat requires keen focus and awareness as you fight against multiple enemies at once and there are different types of enemies to handle too (e.g. some requires u to break guard first whatsoever.) 1 thing that'll make players go mad is the fps drop issue in this game. BUT HELLYEAH 100000/10 IM GONNA DO BRUTAL EXECUTIONS ON BARBS AGAIN!
76561198089729088,Recommended,302510,27776976,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bloodblade,BEST GRADIATOR !!
,Recommended,302510,27801761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Jolly Roger,"Amazingly optimized for my hardware. Game is lots of fun. Had a blast playing. Great story, though a little short. - 8/10CPU - i5 6600GPU - R7 370 4GB VRAMRAM - 8GB"
76561198047023534,Recommended,302510,28014192,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Judicator,This game is the best form of catharsis i have found in a long time.
76561198078568096,Recommended,302510,27930845,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pro,"Awesome, even if not historically accurate who cares, its a dynamic rush, you could play this game standing and feeling in the battlezone rush"
76561198085357408,Recommended,302510,28122751,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bephomet successor,great game and very fun to play.if you like action games so this one is for you.i liked it im sure you will like it
,Recommended,302510,27806543,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Archaenas,"Crytek's action adventure title; Ryse: Son of Rome proves to be a quite excellent production, despite some of the lacks.On the positive side, the game has good;Campaign storyCampaign and multiplayer missionsProgression systemAction sequencesGraphicsCharactersAnimationGood combat mechanicsKillmovesCo-op multiplayerFast match-makingGood replayability, despite linearityMany multiplayer maps in two different modesOn the negative, it has;High hardware demandsShort campaignLinear campaign mapsCombat may get repetitiveOverall, the game is good and both the campaign and multiplayer is worth your time, if not for progression, then for the excellent action and cinematic sequences."
76561198042627271,Recommended,302510,28134309,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,meister_korrupt,"this is worth getting only if its on sale, the gameplay isnt the best, it's repetetive and not very exciting. but if you just want to play this for the story its great its like watching a movie..."
,Recommended,302510,28134477,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Yorvik Snorri,"Bought this on sale for less than £5, can't argue with it for that price.I was originally put off this game by the reviews claiming it was repetitive throughout the campaignbut i thoroughly enjoyed it, though i doubt i'd be as happy with it if i had paid full price.All in all, good game but wait for the next sale"
,Recommended,302510,28112446,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Plantaquatix,"And so, after 5 hours, I have finished the story.This game is good. I had a lot of fun.If you're getting in this game hoping to find realism of very complex gameplay, you will be dissapointed.If you're looking for an arcade-like action game with a nice little story to top it, this game is for you.Controls are simple. It does have a lot of QTE but those are mostly when executing enemies, like in God of War. If timed properly, you will either regenarate health or gain bonus exp, depending on which you prefer.The game looks amazing, the environments are filled with details and the characters are all burly men... almost.Still, I had fun. Just don't try to finish the game in one go. The repetitive gameplay gets old super fast.Multiplayer is dead though. Shame."
,Recommended,302510,28109914,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RazerKZ,"Muito bom jogo, curti muito, o jogo rodou bem no meu PC, a 60 fps, muita gente falou que é crashado, mas não tive esse problema, por isso recomendo."
,Recommended,302510,16336425,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FrontlineJaguar,"Welcome to Rome,It's a great game with above average gameplay and a decent story. However graphics are the area where it shines the most. Even on my old age PC it runs fine and still manages to deliver eye-candy visuals."
,Recommended,302510,24751517,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Beat it in 8 hours on Cenurian difficulty. Mechanics aren't too bad but after just beating Batman Origins the controls seemed all wonky but that was probably just me. Story is fairly captivating.
,Recommended,302510,25214849,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Pier,"A cinematic experience with superb graphics, cool but repetitive gameplay, and a mediocre story. The game has its fair share of forgivable glitches, and is best enjoyed in small doses.There's really nothing to keep you going other than enjoying the sword fight. After 1 hour of gameplay you know it's all going to be the same formula.Recommended only on sale price."
76561197993813979,Recommended,302510,25212862,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,GoneToWalkAbout,"You can play through it fairly quickly, but it is totally worth it. Non-stop action from start to finish."
76561198130806248,Recommended,302510,25194011,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MeatKnife,Just buy it!
76561198015102280,Recommended,302510,25101015,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PsychoCoinCoin,"A stunningly beautiful and smooth game (thank you crytek), the animation are very detailed the animators done a terrific work!Sadly the story very basic and almost childish,the smart and good looking good guys (Romans) versus the stupid and ugly bad guys (Babarians).The English voice acting is ok but the french is so bad that it is funny, since the story is already stupid I when on and played in french (I laughed a lot :D)The gameplay is kind of boring and the difficulty is a stupid (in opposition of Dark Souls difficulty which is a smart), however the finishing moves and turtle formation plays have a very good feeling (on gamepad)Finally the boss fights are roll -> roll -> roll -> roll -> avoid power attack -> 1hit and start over (you can only hit boss after their power attack... so.. yeah... boring).TLDR: Beautiful game with AWESOME animation (seriously good job guys!) everything else suck, but in the end 7h very well spent."
,Recommended,302510,24934612,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Tarvold,"Very underrated game. Graphics are very impressive, which is to be expected with the Crytek Engine.  The story is actually pretty good and the combat, although repetitive, is a gory good time.  Double execution moves never got old for me.  The campaign is short, but that is actually a good thing considering the repetitive combat.  For the $5 bucks I paid for this it is absolutely worth it.  Trying to get my brother to pick it up so we can get into the arena co-op mode.Definitely worth purchasing on a sale and giving it a go.  You will feel like a total badass hacking away at some point guaranteed."
,Recommended,302510,21375195,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ZSloth11,"If you like the ancient Roman aesthetic, Greek and Roman mythology, solid and fun combat, and a pretty good story, then Ryse Son of Rome is the game for you,It's a bit repetitive, but it moves at a pretty solid pace.I'd say it's worth a buy on sale."
76561198063666312,Recommended,302510,21375261,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,epix_cody87,in Hp Omen it's Lag I am confuse
76561197977283056,Recommended,302510,21347580,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yore Gawd,"Is this game repetitive, probably. Is it some transformative experience or innovative, no not really. This game is a one trick pony but when it does that one trick so well it's still fun to see.This is a short game. Main campaign will take around 5 hours. It's a very focused story that doesn't over stay its welcome. The world and characters are so well crafted you can't help but be impressed by some of its setpieces.I will admit openly to being a huge fan of Crytek. This is the first game they made that was not a shooter so from day one I was interested in it. This is a very what you see is what you get kind of game. Short but sweet. Picked it up on sale awhile back and never regretted it. The PC version is very well done, runs well on my system, native ultra-wide and 4K support.The game is functional with a keyboard but strongly suggest a controller for this one. Not a requirement but it was a more pleasant experience. It's a shame the reviews are so below average because there's a lot to like here. The game didn't push any boundries but has some great moments. Great for a pick up and play style of game. The Roman backdrop is beautiful to see. Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,302510,21331140,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,m@5732bL@5732,"Overall great game - At $20 or less this is worth picking up for a solid play through.Positives:Visuals (look at my public gallery for screenshots running from an EVGA GeForce GTX 980Ti)GameplayStory-lineCombat mechanisms (controlling ballistae, archers, centurion lines pushing forward, etc), slow motion executions.Negatives:Controls can be a PITABugs/GlitchesCQB (break guard, attack, break guard, attack, execute - rinse and repeat)."
76561198041664694,Not Recommended,302510,21624811,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dzikoski,SOooooo..I cant Review this game fully cos you know what?It crushes on my all the time..I have Imac 5k running win 10..In its existance this is the firs ttime a game crushes on me.I mean the game is repetitive but still enjoable..But this GAME DOES NOT WORK DONT BUY IT..the thing is i can deal with crush that i can  ctr+alt+Delete or Alt+tab out of.this one? NOIt freezes m y whole comp..This is disaster.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME..You will be sorry if you do
76561197972518312,Not Recommended,302510,21593529,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sergius,"This title didn't really grab me.  It's a good looking game, but the gameplay doesn't vary at after about the first ten minutes.  Maps are very linear for the most part and it's a pretty short game (5-6 hours to complete).  The combat is fun enough, though not especially complicated - but the issue is there is nothing else to the game apart from the combat.  Story is vaguely interesting as well.I struggle to recommend this, though if you pick it up on sale it's probably worth a look."
76561197994666222,Not Recommended,302510,21597382,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,reskiltith,"I cannot tell you how much I hate this game. Beautiful, yes. Good story, meh. Frustrating, yes. I played the PC port so take it for what it is.I don't have patience to ""find"" every hidden secret when the camera is up in my cornea. Back up. Let me scroll out. Let me see everything that I want to see.Combat is ""punch out"" and would have worked with a controller, I suppose. Counter, strike, block, duck, counter, kill shots complete with left mouse blue flash and right mouse yellow flash. Slow mo non satisfaction even when a limb gets severed.Having to fight 8 foes at once was fun in Shadows of Morridor but in Ryse, nope. Extreme timing is a must.Play this if you are a timing, counter, left, right, uppercut guy but don't expect the fun of the real Punch Out.Soda Popinski OUT!"
,Recommended,302510,21594719,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Arcenist,"It is a path-driven game, but can be quite fun. There is plenty of action to keep your attention. Glad I grabbed it while it was on sale. Originally wanted it for console, but couldn't urge myself to purchase it for anything over $10."
,Not Recommended,302510,21238544,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DarkPassenger,What the hell is wrong with these sh**ty ports? My specs are more than enough for at least medium settings and no matter what this game stutters more than Gareth Gates on crack. It is pretty much unplayable in this state.
,Recommended,302510,21517591,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Scooter,Awesome hack and slash game! Has a good storyline too!
76561198072214601,Recommended,302510,21632314,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ℳ℃_ℭøм♭ẕ,Good story lineGood kill executionnice graphics but too cinimaticpoor gameplay..all i did was click to kill the whole time with some few defence bottonoverall good game i play for 1 minute watch .movie for 5..5/10
76561198104897024,Recommended,302510,21655655,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,<AKA>ItsYeBoi,"excelent game, good storyline"
76561198031027183,Not Recommended,302510,21659043,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lacanseven,Ryse is a beautiful game with a great storyline.  So I dont understand why they put SO much effort into the graphics and then had you fight an army of the EXACT SAME five characters for the entire game.  The combat was repetitive and boring after awhile due to all the enemies being the same and the execution cuts.6/10
,Recommended,302510,22055920,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MJP,"My Bite Sized Review - Ryse: Son of RomeThe Good:+Great looking game+Runs well enough on my old comp+Executions look cool+Colour coded gameplay elements means less hud markers are needed (yellow = Y, blue = X, red = B, etc.)+Environments are detailed and look great+Story gets better near the end+New and interesting take on multiplayer (**Note below however)The Bad:-Repeated enimies, no new ones introduced after the first 30 minutes of game (you kill barbarians and evil centureons)-Gameplay doesn't really evolve past the first 30 minutes (execute enemies, press Y on objects)-Environments are linear, no real choice, one path-Story doesn't make sense in spots (Enemies want the same thing as you, yet you kill them?)-Main Character is about as interesting as a sack of potatoes-No new weapons to use or unlock in single player - you have a sword and shield and spear, they never change-**Multiplayer is pretty much diedThe Verdict:I bought this game for $7 on sale. Having said that this game was worth it in my opinion. I spent roughly 6 hours cutting dudes up and running around in Rome. It was fun and it ended just before overstaying it's welcome. The mutiplayer seems cool, but as of right now, it seems dead. All in all I thought this game was pretty ok."
,Recommended,302510,12608247,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DaCrazyDingo,"So far so good. It's simple, beautiful and fun. A hack and slash good time with a decent enough storyline told through some of the prettiest cutscenes I've ever seen.*Edit 10/26/2014-Finished the game on regular difficulty in 8 hours. It was a very good game in my opinion. Yes it's cliche, yes, it's predictable. I don't care. I felt like a badass taking down the hordes. I felt like Maximus in the arena. I felt awe inspired.The game is beatuiful, fast paced and fun. 5 dollars an hour for a game is worth it to me. The cost of a cheap movie. It's still delivering. Going to replay on harder difficulty, find all of the hidden comic ""chronicles"" pages and continue to enjoy gladiatorial combat."
,Recommended,302510,12740317,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,JetpackOps,"Good graphics, and draws elements from Gladiator, 300, HBO etc."
76561198121468353,Recommended,302510,12781430,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zingling,"If you're a hack and slash button smasher this is your game. It does get repetitive, but i think the gladiator mode is a nice mix up and the story is good, but kinda short if you ask me :/ overall I loved it:)"
,Recommended,302510,30486993,Posted: 13 March,all,We at Vault-Tec!,"I hate UIs of this game, But the rest is OK for me.This is fun."
,Recommended,302510,12650527,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,FourPlayNation,Decided to check it out after reading mixed reviews. I can understand why people get annoyed by the execution QTE sequences that being said the story is good the game runs flawless and looks beautiful. Lots of unlocks still for mulitplayer which is all two player coop arena style combat can be fun havent played much of it yet but I feel I got my money's worth so far plan on replaying the campaign to finish unlocking everything and finding all the hidden collectibles.
76561198075661462,Recommended,302510,20968097,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PattyMcJaggar,"This game looks and plays beautifully, worth every penny and then some."
76561198035359751,Recommended,302510,21042718,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JackShao,Exciting Story! Awesome graphics! 9/10!
76561198120258222,Recommended,302510,21039717,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RuthlessXVI,"I cannot remember last time I played a game's campaign and could not stop! This game reminds me of Spartacus and the storyline, loosely based on history is just so engaging! The graphics are awesome and the battles are intense. I hope these guys continue to make games like this one."
76561197982370929,Recommended,302510,21067444,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Grindy!,Great action game. Short. Recommended at sale price.
76561198022903052,Recommended,302510,21094841,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Chuck Farvre,"Fun once you get the unique mechanics down.  The combat is great. For me there is only one play through. I'm done at 7 hours. It was worth the money - less than 10$,The story and voice acting are very good."
,Recommended,302510,20692901,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DemonEmpress,it is a very good game
,Not Recommended,302510,20980280,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Denneisk,"Terrible controls to an enraging point.Fun game, sadly."
,Recommended,302510,22654944,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,danrumo,chilo
76561198091970499,Recommended,302510,22683320,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MysticSlain,"I keep playing the first 5 minute of the game because it keeps crashing/blackscreen on my computer!!!!!! It's very frustrating!!PC: r9 380 4gb , 8gb ram @ 1600mhz , A10-5800k @ 4.2ghz"
76561198016843892,Recommended,302510,22644229,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AlcoholicSemenThrower,"A fun game with a good story, though it's only worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,302510,22585833,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cold Demon,Just love this game!Recommended if you love fiction action-adventure historical games :3
76561198061316337,Recommended,302510,22582718,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,UltraViolence,"The storyline is very well written, the graphics are beautful. the controls are smooth, the action combos are great and prove satisfying. highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,302510,22583148,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,NexusSix,Ryse story line is averageRyse game play is archaic arcade stomping at bestThe graphics however... wowFrom the soldiers to the backdrops this game looks stunning.This is a nice little stress reliever with some nice touches however it is not worth getting this game outside of a 75% off sale. I enjoyed my run through but  I couldnt help but feel the designers had been lazy. Enemies are basic reskins with 4-5 types of bad guy. Thier attacks are easy to master and beat. Midway through the game I rarely found myself taking damage.That said dont set your sites high and enjoy the graphics over the gameplay.
76561198108104820,Recommended,302510,22651853,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Aghyad,"Ryse Son of Rome is one of the greatest games that I have ever played, the beginning of the game is so interesting then at some point between 30-60 percent it gets kind of boring because of the repeating.On the other hand Ryse Son of Rome delivers unbelievable graphics! and a great story, there are some scenes in this game that are breath taking you can upgrade your warrior in a reasonable way.everytime that you die a woman in a yellow dress comes and tells you : ""Ryse Son of Rome"" and then you would actually rise, the story is so good that eventually you will realise that it is a war between God's and you are just a mortal warrior.8/10 Great game totally recommended!"
,Recommended,302510,16434069,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Valcenik,"This has everything that you would want from a Roman style game. You get the gore, the fights, the graphics, the Colosseum fights, anything that you can think of. You can team up with friends or others to battle in the Colosseum and survive. I loved the story and the big fights. You don't just fight one guy at a time and move on. You're more likely to fight 4+ guys each corner you turn. The controls aren't hard to accomplish once you get through the first few fights. I recommend this game to anyone that is looking at it."
76561198120398414,Recommended,302510,23345988,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,OneHoffAKind,a gritty hack n slash with gore
76561198157061846,Recommended,302510,21876883,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,seswrt,"Awesome game, loved every minute of it on the hardest difficulty it's unlocked after you finish the game."
76561197988609440,Not Recommended,302510,23349903,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Meowcenary,"a decent movie but not a good game.The visuals are great, the animations are usually quite nice and the sound is spot on. Unfortunately presentation isn't everything and it feels like the devs focused only on that for this title.Gameplay is dull, after the first hour of play time you'll quickly realize you dont really have much say in how things go, the combos while nice to look at the first few times get stale quickly and the button prompts you're assaulted with dont actaully do anything but increase your gained xp (or money etc...) you can miss every single prompt and still kill the man flawlessly. There's no variety to the combat you'll fight the same 3 enemy types constantly each one as stale as the last. There's no new animations to get, no special moves to master or unlock, no weapon variety, nothing...just sword and shield the whole way through and the same handful of ways to kill a man.The squad command mini games are a breath of fresh air when they happen but are far too spread out.All in all you'd be better off just watching spartacus or somthing if you want your taste of roman era violence."
,Recommended,302510,24247055,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Pheenix ツ,very very very very awesome game
76561198077222801,Recommended,302510,24242008,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DYN DIM ACSIWN,Game kept crashing on me and I was ready to refund it but then I saw the Emperor of Rome skiing down stairs with no animations and I started crying with laughter
76561198035741286,Recommended,302510,24237882,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TheWhiteFoxes,"Overall a very enjoyable game.The combat is brutal though sometimes a little repetative but is still enjoyable for me after over 20 hours of gameplay.The enemy types are limited but this isnt a problem as its the different combinations that you fight which make it enjoyable.The graphics are awesome.The story is decent, its not a complex story but its till enjoyable to play through even if a little short.The multiplayer is very enjoyable and the customizing and leveling system is very satisfying.The historical accuracy is the only part of this game thats absoloutley awful but if your just looking for a game thats fun to play then the inaccuracies are no big deal."
76561198082882876,Recommended,302510,24236673,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mobsterd,Its awesome its like Spartan for the orginal consoles exept with way better graphics and quick time events and would like dlc for this game worth it on sale.
76561198141539598,Recommended,302510,24293023,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kingsht,Played non stop till i finshed this gameLoved every minute of it :)
76561198158851024,Recommended,302510,24292402,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Potato88,Recommended!!!Perfect graphics and a amazing story line though it is short. Worth for the price...
76561197993583071,Recommended,302510,24276313,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tangleman,I picked this game up for $7.It took me about 8 hours to finish on a medium difficulty setting. I have NOT found all of the secret or hidden items and I only engaged in 1 Multiplayer game. I'm still not sure if I will play more multiplayer or not.Overall all it was a great game. The graphics were great and there were a significant amount of cinematic cut scenes that I really enjoyed (Note if you don’t like cut scenes and would normally skip them this is NOT a game for you).The controls were easy to master and the levelling / upgraded system was easy to understand.The story was immersive and i did enjoy it.My biggest complaint?Too short! (Mind you at $7 it was well worth the money)So overall I would recommend this game if you can pick it up on sale. I would have been very disappointed had i shelled out $50+ for a game I finished that quickly!
,Recommended,302510,24274836,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,b1ackcoffee,Best looking game I have ever seen!.. Gameplay (hack n slash) is a bit repeatative with some variation here and there. Music is pretty good. Voice acting is convincing!. Short play time. Yet to play online (add me if you want to play co-op).This game is totally recommended fo the sheer beauty it is! Steal on sale!
,Recommended,302510,24264535,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,admiralnorman,"Postives: Graphics are stunning. Combat animations are incredibly satisfying.Negatives: Story is short. Multiplayer is meh. NPC are copy and pastes of about 10 characters.Overall, I'm very pleased with this game, ESPECIALLY for $5. It was a lot of fun efficiently plowing threw enemey after enemy as a Roman Soldier."
76561198043495967,Recommended,302510,24375198,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,flyfatassfly66,"One of the most underrated game I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I played this originally when it came out on Xbox One and picked it up during the summer sale for only 5 dollars! The combat gets pretty repetitive (looking at you Budica boss fight), but it makes up for it with awesome graphics and a fairly well written, although sometimes cliched story. 8/10"
,Recommended,302510,20452426,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Halflight,"Ryse: Son of Rome is an action videogame developed by Crytek that revolves around a skilled officer of the ancient Roman Empire army, Marius Titus, who, after being involved in the disastrous Roman campaign in Britannia, embarks in a quest for revenge back in the capital.The bread and butter of Ryse is moving Marius through the various levels and cut down the many enemies he has to face in the quickest and most efficent way possible. In order to do so, you are given different moves (both to attack and defend yourself) and chains of QTEs finishers to dispatch weakened foes. When it comes to combat, the game gets progressively more challenging, with later enemies requiring specific strategies in order to be killed (for instance, shielded enemies need to be briefly stunned before attacking and dual wielding enemies are open to be attacked only after a series of successful parries). Marius also has a focus gauge that he can use to activate a super mode of some sort and killing enemies award you valor, which can be used to buy upgrades for the protagonist. The average sword fighting gameplay is only briefly interrupted by some sequences that require you to use ranged weapons against enemies or other obstacles or command an entire Roman legion towards a certain location (which mainly boils down to move forward, shield yourself from enemy arrows and shoot back once in a while). This, coupled with the few bosses not offering any sudden and imaginative gameplay change and the main campaign being somehow brief (around five or six hourse), make Ryse: Son of Rome a solid action game, albeit a bit repetitive.The single player angle of Ryse come also with several collectables to be found scattered about the levels, which unlocks concept art and comics, and a multiplayer mode, which allows you to play what is basically a nerfed Marius against waves of enemies along with another player on few maps and some game modes (or even completely solo, should you prefer).Even the multiplayer mode however doesn't offer any new gameplay novelty, aside from a set of new abilities a character can use during a match by choosing a certain god over another at the start and an equipment system, which is fueled by purchasing dedicated packs containing random items with the in-game currency by winning matches.Ryse: Son of Rome is also a game that looks remarkably well and the various areas you get to visit (as well as the characters populating them) are indeed gorgeous and a solid point in favor of the game. But if that, along with a nice but pretty average gameplay, is enough to warrant a purchase is entirely up to you"
,Recommended,302510,24374093,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Duck,Took a fat barbarian's hand off then took his head.....He lost his head over it......Ordered my men to fire volley on The barbarians.....They got the point..........My men set fire on barbarians......We lightened their day........Would make Pun review again.... All puns aside it's a very good gameQuack Quack
,Recommended,302510,24405120,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,bluedog,story was pretty coolgraphics were really goodworth the five bucks
76561198313289701,Recommended,302510,24256200,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DnBsoldier,Love this game so far! Non stop action
,Recommended,302510,24365359,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,erikdrew11,"I purchased this on the Summer sale never having a Xbox One I never got to try it since it was not for PS4. Its very well done, fluid combat, solid story, and very high quality graphics. Worth a try for sure."
,Recommended,302510,24654016,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Moosnail,one of my favourite games
76561197970080475,Recommended,302510,24168175,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wolf Darkspear,"I like hack n slash games, theyre good when your bored and want to play a game that requires minimal concentration. The quick time evens are ok too, nice finishing moves. The worst thing about the game is the optimisation, its horrid, i have a Core i5 6500. 16gb of RAM and a GTX970, I cant even maintain 30 FPS on high settings. People who port games to PC as bad as this deserve to have their assets handed to them."
,Recommended,302510,24731874,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,I liked how simple the combat is in this game. It's fun and has amazing graphics. I'd love to play another one of these.
76561198008432825,Recommended,302510,24732158,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SOSCookies,Very nice graphicsEpic combatI don't like the scorpio(balista) in the game.
76561198174214629,Not Recommended,302510,24577503,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Spartan Rob 119,"Just...wow. This game was about as cool as the Roman story to it and that's about it. The ending is complete trash. The story really starts on something and then rushes through and obliterates your expectations by saying, ""You thought we would live up to what you were expecting? Ha! Joke's on you! We only started off strong so we could annoy you with the ending! We got you!"" That's pretty much the sum of this game. The fighting isn't horrible, but it can be really tedius and annoying pretty quickly. It's about as linear as it gets. The best part of the game was controlling a phalanx and going about decimating with it, but you can only do them at pre-ordained parts of the game. With that gone it was back to the annoyance of block-slash-block-slash. Over and over and over. You go into this thinking you're going to be some Reaper brought back for vengeance, but it turns out that what you really are is a major disappointment."
76561198007807938,Recommended,302510,24554250,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bradley,"Ryse is an amazing game. It's something most fans would like to see, a gory roman game, with a lot of death and blood. The story was alright, it was interesting enough to keep me playing. Within the time I have played the game I have reached the last level. In the end I just can't be bothered.Ryse is alright if you need to waste some time otherwise I wouldn't buy it. Multiplayer could of been really good if they done it correctly. Multiplayer mode is where you become a gladiator and the more fights you do the more points you get and with those points you buy new gear. Yet you're only stuck with a sword and a shield. If they were focusing on gladiators I would of made sure there was more weapon varity; Dual wield, Harpoon and net, greatsword ect.."
76561198097705451,Recommended,302510,24562102,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this
,Recommended,302510,24565527,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Pyrgos,"This game is... weird. I am recommending it based on the great graphics and art, and on the fact that I really like the theme of Ancient Rome - that said, Ryse: Son of Rome is very far from being historically accurate. And I really mean it.The combat, not being out of this world, is interesting enough to keep you going. I particularly enjoyed the possibility of being part of an attacking testudo, protecting my unit from missiles and throwing pila. As far as the combat itself, I confess that I was delighted with the graphs and execution animations. Getting to know the combat system will take you some time, but once you get the hold of it, it's easy enough (I played normal difficulty, I believe it's called Soldier).The storyline is a cliché about revenge. Some pathos involved made me take pity on a few characters, and I liked a few details, but the story itself is somewhat bland.The weird part of the game lies where you mix storyline and History: strange stuff happens. I don't want to leave any spoilers here, but imagine the following: you have a peaceful meeting with a barbarian that doesn't go well, and all of a sudden the Roman fort is being sieged by thousands and thousands of barbarians that weren't there in the first place. Or imagine that Rome is attacked by barbarians, which just invade the city without any warning or siege.I mean, at times it feels like whoever put the plot together was a child telling make-believe stories. I'm fine when a game attempts to make an alternative historical approach, but less when the pieces of the puzzle just don't fit.At this point, I didn't play multiplayer, but I am feeling tempted to try it.All in all, recommended with a good pinch of salt."
76561198233034080,Recommended,302510,24545173,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Fritzsche,"This is a story driven game and it has an interesting story to tell. However, the combat is rather basic but it is still fun. The graphics are gorgeous and I would definitely recommend it but just keep in mind that it is rather short."
76561198081371819,Recommended,302510,23356168,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Update:So I noticed an issue with my drivers not working properly that was causing this game to crash all the time, thus I feel I need to update this review.This game is gorgeous, I tip my hat to the engine developers and game artists on making such a pretty game.However, My recommendation comes with a few caveats, first this game has for me very little replay value and the combat is really repetitve. The graphics although nice only get you so far and because of the lack of diversity in gameplay and replayability I recommend getting this game on the cheap for when the mood to slaughter people grabs you. I also noticed a good deal of crashing persisted even after fixing my driver issues, luckily it always seemed to happen at the start of a cinematic and right after an autosave. And finally there are a few characters/scenes where the character models/rigs etc were noticable of lesser quality, I know that space or time was probably an issue here trying to fit on a disk for console or something but to me it was really apparent.Still all things considered I wanted to play it enough I spent time troubleshooting my system and beat the whole game which is not something I do to often.Original Negative Review:I want to like this game, but in order to do that I would need to be able to play it.The game looks amazing, and the game mechanics are solid as far as I can tell. However, I have tried playing this game on 3 seperate occasions and have been unable to get past the first level without it freezing up constantly. I have looked on multiple message boards trying diffferent things to fix the issue to no avail, if I can't get your game to run in 3 tries and however many hours I played it, I feel you have failed you basic QC standards as a developer and move on. Also my PC should crush any game that runs on a console so its not an issue of my hardware being to old or slow."
,Recommended,302510,24648967,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Greytega,Historically inaccurate.Violently fun.
76561198275192207,Recommended,302510,24626372,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ThatKid9669,"In this game you play as Marius, who is actvally Hercvles. He has the strenght of a demi-god. Game does get a bit repetitve however it was worth the sale price."
76561197971222052,Recommended,302510,24627121,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SkepticFirst,"Decent game but completely linear and repetitve. Because of this the games length (~5-6 hours) is actually a good thing. The plot is mediocre revenge drama so don't really expect too much. Graphics are great and runs well on GTX970. A few hiccups here and there but overall smooth and very detailed, although character facial animations are sometimes hit or miss (and sometimes hands just look downright goofy).  Enemies are limited to about a dozen or so different types, which only adds to the repitition. Unistalled as soon as the cedits rolled since there is really nothing that will compel me to play again after beating the campaign. Defnitely worth $5 during sale if you are looking for a mindless hack and slash to eat up a few hours but I wouldn't pay much more than that."
,Recommended,302510,24603297,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,jola998,"This game campaign is maybe 10-15 hours of fun. Story ok, graphics ok. FPS is lagging a little from time to time even on a GTX980, but only on highest settings.If you like action and gore this is it. Not that many attacks to keep track of, but the tight areas and lots of enemies to keep track of makes up for the basic attacks. I loved advancing on the barbarians in a tight shield wall :)This game can be found for $5 or so on *bundle* or Steam-sale (all hail Gaben)."
76561197971463994,Not Recommended,302510,24630982,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,KALASH,"I was really looking forward to playing this and was thrilled to get it in the sale for less than £5!-CONSBad camera angle/controlstoo much on screen at any one timeSlow clunky character controlssuper-human enemies (Speed, strength, abiluity to spawn within milimeters of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥)AI friendlies beyond uselessConfusing menu navigation & unexplained upgrade menuNo introduction to story or characterPoor reaction from character to dodge or block consecutivly or naturallymultiple enemies able to attack from off screen+PROSFantasticly nice graphicsNicely choroegraphed ""Execution"" animation...... once the planets have alaigned allowing this to be acheived after the virgin sacrifice to the roman gods....each!First off, the graphics are amazing. Cranked then up to full and loved the scenery. Sadly five seconds later I was thrown in to the middle of a war with no prior tutorial or knowledge on how to play. This first level IS the tutorial! tiny messages apear as you play, but god help you if you so happened to press attack at the same time that these appear as that makes them disapear, which in a button-bashing combo-game is all the time!Something else that is unfortunate everything is so colourfull so detailed that you can't see a thing! During this tutorial level I kepot loosing where I was (It also didnt help that there was no introduction to my character) and kept missing the enemoes. The camera doesnt follow you properly so lets hope noone every attacks from behind.....except that they do ALL THE F*****G TIME!!! and the camera will not turn to face them. Then i realised that my character was slow to move, respond, reacted to me changing which button I am pressing and the camera (which must be turned manually!) was aslso painfully slow. Meanwhile my enemy have super-human speed, strength and the ability to appear from knowwhere giving me multiple attackers at once from several directions, most of which are off screen! Also don't be expecting any help from your other centurian NPCs, they are too busy doodling with Crayons and eating bogies to help.There are upgrade options available to those willing to navigate the extremely clunky menu and have the ability to translate how to get the upgrades and maybe decypher what they actually do, however I noticed no diference what-so-ever!Basically I was really looking forward to playing this and had saved an evening so I could do so undisturbed. After nearly an hour, I hated this game and never wanted to play it again. I have now requested a refund."
,Recommended,302510,24631245,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,pyriel17,"For what is basically a quick time event brawler, this game was surprisingly fun. Combat is simple and brutal, and there's a whole bunch of upgrades to unlock different executions. The story is semi-interesting, taking a simple revenge plot and making it a bit... weirder, but the real stand out is the graphics of this game. It is gorgeous.Fun game if you have a few hours to kill, but pick it up on sale and don't expect too much."
,Recommended,302510,24627417,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pim <3 Nintendo,10/10 if you liked the 300 movies or gladiator its a must buy and its pretty demanding more than crysis 3
76561198135680016,Recommended,302510,24492307,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,call me daddy,"Got this game on sale, and bloody glad i did. Sadly completed the game within 2 days of owning it!! But it was great fun while it lasted, graphics looked stunning. Game play was fab"
76561198075706139,Recommended,302510,20986456,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Joshuadog1,I LOVE THIS GAME SOO MUCH
76561198180083463,Recommended,302510,21054268,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ash,"The game is well worth the £5 I spent on it, a good 6 hours of entertainment*** 7.5/10 ***Pros:+ amazing graphics and animations+ soundtrack+ great voice acting, when watching most of the cut scenes I wished it would carry on as a film.+ easy controls, like a hack and slash, also you have to be aware of enemies behind you and turn to block them, unlike most games these days.+ story line was very good+ very cinematic, lots of nice location over all 8 chapters.Cons:- very linear, only one path from start to finish.- short campaign, only took 6 hours.- from what I can see they only used about 5 different enemy models. So hordes of enemies all looked like twins.- all boss fights are exactly the same.- combat got boring after awhile, as all attacks are repeated.Tbh I would of spent full steam price for this game (£14.99). Yes combat is simple and repetitive but the story and the cinematic really pull you into the game. And I love games that have a solid story.Personally I put a price on entertainment, 2 hours at the cinema is around £6, I was entertained for 6 hour with this game so I spent £5 on £18 worth of entertainment."
,Recommended,302510,21091284,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Candee,"I bought a whole new computer for this game.11/10 would spend 1k on a 60 dollar game again.its all the money zap would give me oh excuse me, captain zap.jackass"
76561198122095111,Recommended,302510,21089918,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Piro,"It is a great game with a simple yet exciting combat system which doesn't always allow for people spam a single button and win. They also include choices and events in combat such as commanding a legion and marching on a target or taking command of a scorpio turret to take out incoming enemies. The story isn't the greatest but the combat and graphics make up for that. Overall the game isn't worth the 22 (Canadian) dollars it is at regularly, but it is worth it when it is on sale (7 dollars at time of this review). Great game, will definitely play more."
,Recommended,302510,21086588,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Protein Shaken,Coll game. thats it.
76561198071451986,Recommended,302510,21082511,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,gotti_maddness,recomand 1000%!!!
76561198119800136,Recommended,302510,21063696,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Freddo Spurdo,this game is awesome.
,Recommended,302510,21067028,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Haildodger,"Great story, very fun combat, nice graphics, and some of the best voice acting I've ever seen in a game. It's short, but has great replayability. All your xp, and abilities carry over to your next playthroughs, which makes it worth it.Dislikes: Occasionally I would get graphic lag during combat, which makes timing go right out the window. I would just shutdown & restart, which seemed to fix it. It wasn't often enough to be a serious problem; all in all it was barely worth mentioning."
,Not Recommended,302510,21075232,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,coppershark,"Terrible spikes in preformance coupled with a game that is pretty much entirely based on quick time events equals frustration.I bought this one in a sale for about £5. It really isn't worth it. There are much better games available and you should play those way before attempting this, unless men fighting each other in skirts is your thing of course."
,Recommended,302510,21076229,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pastymuncher,"only just bought on pc, having owned on XBOXReally struggle to see how this game got reviewed so poorly at lauch, good story, ok combat a little repetive but enjoable.looks the ""dogs"" on PC"
,Recommended,302510,21077133,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,我能飞,"Ez to play, entertain with moment kill, need more game like this."
76561198087388729,Recommended,302510,21073799,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ArcticWright,"Graphics - AmazingGameplay - Repetitive but engagingStory - It's like reading a good book, you're not going to put it down till you've read it all!Would I recommend? ♥♥♥♥ yes!Check out some gameplay footagehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1ruP2uwaeqsfV2HdYV31Ew"
,Recommended,302510,21080248,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Schwifty,:)
76561198125250022,Recommended,302510,21069595,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,jimmythefoot,"Great game. May need to go into NVIDIA control panel to change some settings to get it running smoothly, but not a big problem. Other easy fixes out there for people with low to mid level hardware. Check the discussion forums or guides section. Other then that the game is awesome. Get it, you won't be sorry."
76561198017217590,Recommended,302510,21197800,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,LORD_ZOMBIE_KILL,nice game  sweet as i like this kind of games
,Recommended,302510,21197945,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kavas,"Can only recommend when on salePros- great textures- good character modeling- good voice acting- good animationCons- very, very, very repetitive- pointless qte ( press e for volley)- story is kinda cliche and all over the place- enemines are just clones of each other"
76561198130383200,Recommended,302510,21196581,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ArtaxR,"What an amazing experience.I just finished the game as im writing thisRyse: Son of Rome is some of the story and visual design ive seen come out of a video game. The game itself is very linear, but I felt it needed to be. The gameplay never felt repetative, and left me wanting more. The level artwork was absolutely incredible (check my profile for screenshots). The story kept me engaged, and every cinematic sequence felt as if I was watching a film.I would definetly recommend this title, and be aware that you need a decent machine to run it.I'd give it a 9/10"
76561198022675468,Recommended,302510,21163456,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,UsualPigeon,"Picked this game up in the Steam sale and it was totally worth it. Nice, easy-going game with plenty of cool animations and fun combat.The co-op is a good bit of fun too."
76561197983157483,Recommended,302510,21141696,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RedMeat,"I'm just starting this, but I was actually moved to tears by how pretty this game is so far. I have an FX 3820 with an R9 290 and the details, frame rate, smoothness just blew me away. I litterally stopped playing it to write this...I do have a soft spot for Roman era stuff to be honest. For under $10 I was literally moved. This hasn't happened to me before.Do other games have better combat? Maybe; I'm not too far into this yet. Would I watch a movie with this engine rendering the characters? Yes.I hope to update this as I get further along the plot. I just wanted to record my initial feelings before I lost the moment...  :)UPDATE:As the credits roll 6 hours later I still like the game. It's like a movie more or less. Don't by it for the fight mechanics and don't expect to re-play it for the fun factor. I for one will fire it up and show friends and family how nice the graphics are and such. It cost as much as renting 3 movies and I got 7 hours worth of content that I was 'sort of' in control of. It was good while it lasted."
76561198007261127,Recommended,302510,21143965,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bigric92,"This game was made with this as the general outline: ""Create something visually awesome like 300, in Roman setting, a bit less fantasy, generic story and make it with some general action game mechanics to show off the new console hardware.""While fun, the game just straight up feels like a tech demo for the new generation. There's a game here, however, it just feels like you do so little... Graphically incredible (shocked it actually looks this good), kinda dull gameplay wise and the story is very ""eh"" so far. There are many better games out there than this, however, it's worth a pick up on sale for a few simoleons mostly due to the satisfaction the animations/visuals can do for it.The metacritic score of this game is dead on accurate. Pretty typical ""next gen launch game scrounged up to rake in some quick cash to make 2 more"""
,Recommended,302510,19455876,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Frosty,YOLOOOOOO
76561198039482521,Not Recommended,302510,20799440,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Angelus,"Save youself time and money, unless you get it for next to nothing like I did. Ryse is visually stunning compared to other games of the genra, but that about it.Controls and levels at times are a nightmare to deal with while you play the first level you pretty much got the rest of the gameplay done. With little new in the game beyond this and visuals I cannot say it will never be reinstalled on my machine unless I want to show off how buffed up my rig is.For there are other games in the same genra that warrent your time and money that have a longer shelve life then this one and have better replay value."
,Recommended,302510,20795663,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Gopnik,"Amazing game, got addicted to the brutal finishers!! 100% recommend!"
,Not Recommended,302510,20674481,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,castillo27w,This game has nice graphics but other then that its just boring and very repetative with bad story telling and no follow through the game losses the audience and by the end you'll feel disappointed and empty.
,Recommended,302510,20779470,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,KaptainCharles,"This game was really enjoyable for me. Some would probably complain and say that ""there was no customisation of weapons and armour on single player etc."" but the game doesn't really need it.The entire thing felt like I was playing a movie and in parts I just wanted to know what happened next and could not stop playing it! I got it on sale at £4.99 which is well worth a buy.The game isn't long, but it's not too short either. If you get really into it you'll shoot through it but it's the storyline, gaphics and visuals that are really stunning about this game. So many different execution moves as well, there were a couple I'd never seen until I was playing at the end of the campaign as well.Edit: The game took me about 5 hours to complete, but I was really rushing through it as I felt dragged in to rush into every Roman battle. I got really caught up in the drama of it.The history and technology at the time isn't accurate but hey, it was a lot of fun. Just don't play this and then try impress your History teacher with details from this game."
,Recommended,302510,20773932,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Evil Panda,"Fun game, very short campaign with good story and good gameplay, graphics care a bit annoying with lots of stuttering on two of the stages, couldnt find a fix even lowering for ultra to low didnt help and its been a known issue on gtx 900 cards since release but no fix has been found as of yet. Multiplayer is pretty fun if you can actually find a match"
,Not Recommended,302510,20774224,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Burgermaster-Max,"Production values are high in places and obviously some very talented people help make this game, but goodness me, what an abhorrent piece of generic garbage. Gameplay is lacking and doesn't progress, mechanics are boring even before you consider how repetitive they are. Historical accuracy is so wildly out in some cases that the narrative of the game ceases to be relevant.When you look at the credits you realise how many people were involved and how many of those people have ""director"" in their job title. Mix that with the inevitable micro-management one would expect from Microsoft when creating a launch title for their new console and you have the perfect conditions in place to create a truely brain-numbing piece of idiot-fodder that makes many lowest-common-denominator-AAA-cinematic-adventurefests look like a Caravaggio masterpiece."
,Recommended,302510,20963023,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Xenost,For someone who loves history i loved this game very much i honestly dont get the hate its a fantastic game i would reccommend this to anyone who loves Roman Mythology!
76561197969126021,Recommended,302510,20990417,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mjaco,"If you have a decent rig this is a cinematically gorgeous slash n stabber, no particular dislikes"
76561197990195420,Not Recommended,302510,21006852,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Argon Based,Very pretty game. Not much fun though. It's just about 5-6 hours of the same 5 quick time events over and over. The story of the game is just as boring as the combat.
76561198037123939,Recommended,302510,21008456,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,$150M,"Worthwhile to pickup this game if it is on sale, gorgeous graphics but the combat and enemy types get repetitive.Story is fun and entertaining though not accurate.Some performance issues, so if you do not have a high end PC you might run into some frame issues.7/10 not on sale8/10 on saleWould save Rome again."
,Recommended,302510,20997667,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,G amanic,"Very good storyline, also nice multiplayer mode, only a shame that not many people play it.Nice touch with the pictures,storys and the strips you can collect, worth the full price."
76561198065952515,Recommended,302510,20999788,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,subdufuze,"what can i say about this game, Awesome thats what, fantastic game play beautiful graphics a must for all"
76561197966272397,Not Recommended,302510,21000267,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Dark Prince,"I have not played the game and encountered two major problems.1. DX11 is required, only by fooling around with the MS SDK you can trick the game to start2. The controls CANNOT be modified. I expect custom keysettings in a modern PC-game. Drawbacks of a bed port i guess."
,Recommended,302510,20997212,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,I'm Not Gay but $5 is $5,Mortal Combat Roman Fatality Simulator. Rate XI/X
,Recommended,302510,20967199,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DeraJ,Great Storyline and amazing voice acting. Runs smoothly on my GTX 960. Recommended!
,Recommended,302510,20967433,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Johnny BRAVO,the best game
76561197998830296,Recommended,302510,20369987,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kingdude74,Very fun and entertaining game.
,Recommended,302510,20435684,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,revernd,I thoroughly enjoyed this hack and slash.  It is a check your mind out at the door kind of game and is gorgeous.  The gameplay gets repetitive but I didn't mind because it was fun.  The game is short which may be an issue for some.  I did not try MP.  The price was right during the steam sale!
,Recommended,302510,20435010,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bazinga,"A great title that provides a lot of fun and a overall competent story.The game mechanics is nothing new, but is enjoyable to play.The graphics are extraordinary, with no performance issues what so ever."
,Recommended,302510,20341024,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ddeel24,"BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!! Just so you know the four or five people that gave this game a thumbs down is only because there poor and dont make enough money to buy an actually good Rigg to be able to play this game in 4k with max settings. So please if you are thinking about buying this game than Ignore those few walmart employees that didnt recommend this game. Sometimes crytek can do things right like, this game and crisis. I havent played the multiplayer and really dont feel that multiplayer has any place in the review of a game. Honestly I dont really care to play multiplayer. I feel the need to write a review on this game due to the few idiots that want to not recommend this game because there pos riggs wont run it. People, turn the supersampling off because your junk, you call a PC cant handle it. I have only played around an hour of this game and already it is one of the most Graphically beautiful games I have ever played. This game is ment for 4k. Even if you are a prude and dont enjoy roman stories, the detail alone in everything down to the dirt or sand on the ground to the wood and stone on the walls, even to the pings on the armor of the romans. This game is so beautifully mastered in detail that I really dont think I Have ever witnessed better attention to detail than in this game.  Everything is so highly detailed I actually feel like im there and get so immersed in the game. If you dont have the hardware to run this game at 2x2 sampling and all maxed out settings than you probably have no idea what I'm talking about. Running dual R9 Fury x Hybrids, 32GB ram, and Eight core 4.5GHZ cpu, this game runs so smooth at 60 FPS all maxed with 2x2 supersampling and 4k. This game has by far became one of my favorite gmes quickly. If you dont own it than you should own it. I dont like to buy many games at there outrageous release price but, I would not be upset if I had paid full price for this one. I lucked out and was able to purchase this on the new years sell for I think $6. With the detail and attention put into this game I feel I still owe the developers more. Thank you for this beautiful game and I cant wait to get back into it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! I have actually played the multiplayer now and it is just as awesome as the game itself is. If you dont like this game than there is something seriously wrong with you. Please go get help. I think counselors and psychiatrists are free on ""Obama Broke"" health care. In all seriousness and♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you do work at mcdonalds or walmart and have Obama care than you really shouldnt be playing or buying steam games. You shouldnt be playing games at all. You need to figure out how your going to change your life and make grown people money and get a real career. I know we need people to work at fast food places and all but, there called high school students and college students. BUY THIS GAME."
76561197982700607,Recommended,302510,20452666,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ER1962,"This game only worked for me in 4K resolution. Anything lower than that, the game would crash on me."
76561198075488993,Recommended,302510,20395979,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Spicy_Noodles,"This game was very much worth it. Not perfect, but well worth what I paid. After all, it was on sale.The good-Amazing graphics-Fun, easy to learn, awarding gameplay-Lot's of hidden stuff to pick up-You can play it with less than the top-of-the-line PC while still enjoying the gameplay and graphicsThe bad-REALLY difficult bosses-Linear campaignOverall, recommended but if you can get it while on sale."
76561197983162222,Recommended,302510,20444133,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Trice_Doomed (T4Z),"Great Graphic's, even better story. A little simple in combat, If you can look past that. Then it is a must play in my book. To make things more interesting, I also researched the legend behind The sword of Damocles. I also recommend you should if you play this game.P.S. I Lost The Game..."
,Recommended,302510,20447300,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PlankGas,"Only worth buying on deep discounted Steam sale, hence my thumbs up.This game is mainly a tech demo for the CryEngine. The gfx is amazing, there isn't much of a game here. I often just stopped to gawp at the beautiful scenery and the high resolution textures, one could make out facial expressions, beard stubble etc, the lighting effects amazing. You could finish the game in one sitting.THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH FULL PRICE !! Buy on a Steam sale !! Even at current full price the game is not worth it. At $7-10 it becomes value. The story is interesting but not interactive, players have absolutely no control about how everything plays out.* Nothing to do for the player as there are several hours of full motion video probably rendered in the game engine.* Players are left to watch the FMV instead of giving players the option to affect the story.*- The world is not destructible, none of the buildings or environments can be damaged.* No interaction with the environment objects, no destruction of pottery* Skill tree is meaningless. I couldn't notice that the XP I accumulated and spent had any effect on my character's skill/moves.* Linear as an arrow. No deviation from the path, no alternative route. Once a particular task has been completed the return path is blocked or character runs into a invisible wall.Combat is repetitive and consists of repeating the same, consisting of:* Tower section, firing a ballista where you can't really miss enemies.* Spear throwing section, you can't really miss.* Boss fights. Moves are predictable. Enemy boss' attacks can be learned, avoided and easily beaten. I beat the final boss in the very first round without a retry! The final boss was the easiest of all !!* Running through beautiful scenery. Walking simulator.* Combat. Button presses. You could literally stand at one place, press a button to block, roll, parry and win. Easy.* Nothing to collect. No loot whatsoever nowhere, zero.* Steam Achievements collectables adds zero value to the character progression. There is zero reason to collect.* Combat skill tree is meaningless, XP points had no notable effect on character’s health or fighting moves. I completed the full tree for enemy execution, health and focus but yet the executions all looked the same. No option for the player to complete his/her own execution sequence."
76561198090099361,Recommended,302510,20446220,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jmzhaodavid2010,"The stunning visuals of the game takes me back to the peak times of the Roman Empire. Roman combat tactics and infantry equipments are all present in the game. The only thing that is letting down the game is the Gladiator mode, where you are only equipped with various body armor, a sword and a shield. That only calls for the murmillo style, where you are heavily armored and fights with a sword and heavy shield. Still I would recommend it to anyone"
76561198041155595,Not Recommended,302510,20413124,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,immeral,"Beautiful looking game, but thats about as far as the praise can go. The controls are uneccisarily difficult to get used to, and they have too many different ""health bar"" like states that you need to be recovering. This generally wouldnt be a deal breaker, however in addition the mission guidlines and objectives can be unintelligable at times.I think the only thing this game gets right is your chances of surviveing in roman era combat. I'm all for historical accuracy, but it dosnt make for a fun game."
76561198099742160,Recommended,302510,13445896,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,VoidWalker,"This game is very, very underrated. I see it as privilage to be able to play this beautiful game on a more powerful system that is Pc. Great story, great soundtrack, has multiplayer and fun gameplay. Well worth the price tag even without the discount. If you are into medieval combat, especial roman times, this game is for you. The combat is not just qte, people often make that mistake because they are misinformed. Qte is a finisher move and there are many, many finisher verieties. Combat remind me od dark soul series as you can roll and parry. Its not as simple and boring as people say.  I hope they bring more xbox exclusives to Pc in the future.10/10"
76561198235013612,Recommended,302510,21140774,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RobMaz1121,"A must buy when on sale.  It's a simple hack and slash kind of game.  Gladiator mode is a nice addition.  The only huge con is that the story is pretty short.  As in you can finish it in a day or two.  Even though it's not historically accurate it's a great roman/gladiator style of game, with a pretty interesting story."
,Recommended,302510,21197392,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tetnis,Got it on sale and loved it.  Looks great and it's a easy enough game to play in chunks.  Story was servicable and the combat was Batman light.  Also a great cinematic game if you like executions in your combat.
76561198031960251,Recommended,302510,21199860,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,1000_Dead_Flies,"The game is by no means perfect and it has its fair share of bugs, but if you want to shut off your brain and enjoy a beautiful game with an ok none historically accurate story it's a good time.Pros-Lighting and Texturing is Master class this game is pretty unrivaled in terms of looks-Combat feels fluid and fun, especially the in formation sequences-Pacing feels pretty good, story never really bogs down to a crawl-Difficulty curve feels fair without being punishing-Combat finishers are both satisfying and upgradeableCons-Poor performance all around I had to monkey with a lot of stuff to get a consistent 30 fps without frame drops-A lot of QTE's so if you aren't a fan of god of war style Finishers could be a turn off-Not HIstorically accurate at all, I don't know why we don't have a game set in a historically accurate Rome-The story while functional often makes very little sense, with character motivations being brought into question a lot-Game is really short I beat it no problem in 5 hours so if you are looking for a long experience you won't find it here.-Combat while fun can be drawn out too much in huge sequences involving you fighting 10 or more men that take a freaking beating before going down.BottomLineWhile the game is fun and exciting to play at times, it falls very short in terms of story. I really like the setting of Rome and a proper plot set around the Political schemeings of the inner workings of the city would be very interesting. If you're looking for a few hours of fun with a competant brawler, and this game is on sale you could do a lot worse with your time.7/10"
,Recommended,302510,22260831,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Yoko Momokos,"Great story and cinematics, nice streamlined action."
76561198088054094,Recommended,302510,22260939,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,spahn91892,"This game was interesting, to say the least. The story of this game was okay at best. For those of you who have played this game you would understand what I mean about the end, but all in all the game's story keeps you entertained. The gameplay isn't the best that I have seen but also not the worst. Those god damn archers will get you every single time, and at times the gameplay can be a bit choppy. Reading a prior review of this game before I decided to buy (granted I bought this game on sale for 5 bucks) and I would definitely agree that the fighting can be repetitive at times and I would have to inclined to agree with that sentiment. With that in mind the executions as well as the pace of the story will keep you entertained. I would definitely recommend this game on sale. If you pay anymore than 10 bucks for this game you are getting ripped off. While I'm sure the same complaint will be made in my review, the game is rather short and offers no real reason to replay it at all. So for 5 dollars, have at. Otherwise, wait until it goes back on sale again."
,Recommended,302510,22258749,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Autelesk,Awesome as all hell. I really like this freaking game! Story mode is legit.
76561198023111166,Recommended,302510,22203439,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lost Coast,"surprisingly good, excellent graphics, smooth gameplay, only regret wish it was longer,if your looking for a good story this is one you should experience"
,Not Recommended,302510,22203813,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Juhler99,"Its a okay game, but it could easily been a really good one. The fighting is smooth for the most part and the story is fine but way too shot!What made me not recomend the game is simply the story's lenght. It feels more like a beta were they relese 10% of the game."
76561197974214451,Recommended,302510,22205013,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,HeadHumper,"I onyl paid $5 for the game, and I think that it was worth every penny!Short but sweet, loved every minute of it. Brutal, visceral combat never got old for me personally and the graphics are sweet."
,Recommended,302510,22206265,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,CDunks,"Ryse: Son of Rome is an absolute masterpiece of a hack and slash game.The visuals and cut scenes are beautiful, the combat is fluid and similar to any of the games in the batman series with a few satisfyingly gory executions, if lacking slightly lacking variation. The story is absolutely gripping with some plot twists thrown in. You connect with some characters and Marius and share his drive to avenge his murdered family, even if you only share but a few moments in their company. The story if only 6-8 hours yet its so incredible. I picked this up in a sale for £4 but its worth all £15.PROS-Stunning Visuals-Brilliant Cutscenes-Fluid Combat-Gory Executions-Incredible Story-line-Awesome Characters-Cheap PriceCONS-Combat Lacks Variation-Story to Short8.5/10 Brilliant!!!"
,Recommended,302510,21392978,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Jay,"It's not easy to recommend this game. The only reason why I've chosen to go with a positive review in the end is because maybe the game does just enough to warrant spending a few bucks on during a sale. Just don't go picking it up at full price, it's definitely not worth it for the mere 5 or 6 hours you spend to complete it.Let's start with the positive. The story presented here is good and the voice acting, sound and music are all top-notch. The game looks graphically impressive and the locations you'll visit are varied ranging from lush forests to detailed city streets. Overall though I have seen better use of the Cryengine in other games.Now the negative. This game runs like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The frame rate is all over the place. Even when lowering most settings or running a lower resolution using a Core i7 and a GTX 970 the game will still stutter and the fps will come down below 10 at times making it almost unbearable to play. Some areas are more affected by this then others but in the end I can only assume it's because this is just a bad PC port.The gameplay is also very linear and the combat while enjoyable at times is very repetitive. You will literally be fighting most of the same enemies using the same four buttons the entire game. There are times the game will let you make simple strategic choices but they don't really seem to affect the gameplay much at all. Apart from that you can expect very frequent pre-rendered cut scenes that unfortunately do more to take you out of the game then actually making it more interesting.I also found the ending to be very abrupt and completely underwhelming and as previously said the story mode is very short. There is multiplayer present but I didn't bother with it for very long, it's basically just an arena mode with leaderboards.So if you like this sort of simple third person action games using a simple combat system and want a graphically impressive representation of the roman empire with a solid storyline then perhaps this game is for you. Keep in mind though that you will need some impressive hardware to run this game well and even then I doubt you won't suffer the same problems I had. Buy it at a discount but don't bother picking it up at full price."
,Recommended,302510,22203264,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cytritus,"They somehow managed to pull of a Saving Private Ryan's D-Day landing scene, but in Roman times. I'm not complaining."
76561197968410139,Recommended,302510,22204201,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Gigamatrix,"A 3rd person bloody tableau that combines a repetitve combat system with an interesting storyline.  I would recommend this game; however, the one drawback is the main storyline is not co-op."
76561198065779327,Recommended,302510,22232365,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rockyyim,Awesome game. And i bought it for 4.99  <3
,Recommended,302510,22229951,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ZeroMatter,"I Paid $5 on a steam sale. Played it through once (lots of pausing for fatherly duties) and enjoyed Ryse very much. I love period time games, mostly Rome times is one of my favorites. I recommend this game to people that like Roman Empire stuff, its entertaining.The people saying that they beat the game in 4 hrs are not correct, they must skip all the cut scenes.If you like Rome based games, don't mind quick time combat, like reasonably short cut scenes, and like beautiful graphics I recommend this game.If you hate skip cut scenes, don't care about ambiance, and hate QTC, I don't Recommend."
,Recommended,302510,22248565,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dakshesh1010,"Beautiful game, nice combat."
76561198005743397,Recommended,302510,22239052,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Imperator,"Sure the gameplay is repetitive, but it's still a fun game. Not something you'll play for ages, but fun nonetheless, so just buy it on sale."
,Recommended,302510,22252711,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,abatage,"It's very very pretty... with a standard story and QT driven combat that looks pretty. It's very very pretty. It's also very short, but it's very pretty."
76561198026497055,Not Recommended,302510,24067530,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Isaac Orn,"It looks pretty amazing, and as a history enthusiast with an uncontrolable Roman fetish, I really liked how the game looks and such, but my god, this is an awful console port, the optimization is extremely poor, there are alot of screen tearings when you move the screen and there are also insane framedrops.I've tried 4 times to play this game and I've usually played for an hour or so but then I just gave up on it because my eyes just couldn't handle it, maybe this game is very good but repetative and I am missing out but on in this awful state I just couldn't handle it, the optimization killed it for me so unless you have an absolute gaming monster of a rig with like 2 1080 ti cards and an and octa core I would say you should try something else or get an xbox to play it, but if you buy it through steam and have a mid tier computer you'll just end up with bengin eye cancer.Most games I play I can cap at 60 frames this includes games like Fallout 4 and Total war on Ultra high settings."
,Recommended,302510,22136794,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,khal froyo,"Very quick campaign and the mechanics are pretty simple, however overall very enjoyable and fun for a single playthrough. Pick up on sale, for sure!"
76561198030334750,Recommended,302510,22147574,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,senecasun,great. dont  know  why it has just average  rating.  this game has a real story. love it.
76561198018939765,Not Recommended,302510,22147603,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chrome_Oo,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so dull that it is unplayable. I've never been so bored playing a video game...
76561198151935138,Recommended,302510,22146448,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Wishmaster2542,Game is wonderful
,Recommended,302510,22144379,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,irezung,"Two bad things I feel after playing this game:1. My computer couldn't handle its awesome graphics. I had to settle with 800x600 and everything either low or off to keep it playable, and it's still fun as hell.2. I should have bought this spawn of a glorious mother penetrator a long prostrate time ago.As for gameplay, think of it as a God of War's cousin...sort of. It's hack-and-slash-and-awesome-executions. That's enough for me.I'll probably come back for a more detailed review when I upgrade my computer, but for now, I love this game."
76561198148455156,Recommended,302510,22136067,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,f8lcowboy,Awesome story and multiplayer.
,Recommended,302510,22128679,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Red Opponent,"Can feel extremely repetitive at times, but overall a good game."
,Recommended,302510,19990899,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shenzie,"Amazing game, amazing story. A must play for any gamer. Keep in mind the combat does get repetetive and the enemies are armies of clones, but that is only a minor take away from the game itself."
76561197963917534,Recommended,302510,19973256,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sօʋɛʀɛɨɢռ,"It is a very fun hack and slash. It requires alot of attention to block and hit when fighting many enemies at one time. Overall  I would give this game 9/10, becuase I love its gameplay."
76561198136851860,Not Recommended,302510,19976021,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,lucasyoung1991,maby its just me but the whole like on the rails combat thing with the same handfull of executions just doesnt do it for me. graphics are pretty killer though
,Recommended,302510,19979176,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bullitt,"$6, can't complain!The visuals are simply amazing.Score, voice acting, and sound effects are top notch.Killing blows/executions are sick! Do not let your little ones see this if you have kids.Cons: Controls are a bit quirky, almost feels as if I am queueing up the attacks and multiple opponents are tough to juggle but I may get use to this."
,Recommended,302510,19965089,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chowder,yes..this is  an good  game.lool is fantastic..
,Recommended,302510,19962510,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Waldemart,AMAZING GAME!
76561198160951285,Recommended,302510,19992160,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,madduck,i love the gameplay and the story too even know is kinda violenceand graphic was cool
76561198040858001,Recommended,302510,19979480,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BongaBonga,"It's like playing a movie! A great movie! A movie of a roman legionnaire who seeks revenge!The game is a simple, but superb hack'n'slash-adventure with fictional history of the roman empire.Pros-Really great story. I love the cutscenes and the storytelling.-Awesome graphics. Reflections, textures, shadows, etc. are beautiful.-Great animated executions. If you cut off a barbarian-arm and send your sword directly into the neck of another - that looks just super well animated...and very painful.-Beautiful voice acting and soundeffects. You can hear the emotions of the people, the rattle of the armor, the arrows hitting shields. It feels almost real.-Easy to learn, hard to master. The harder the difficulty, the harder it is to block, land attacks or pilums (timing) and gain health, focus, etc. Especially the Burning Eagle thing is great!-Very interesting multiplayer. You can fight in dozens of good-looking arenas with different missions or objectives and gamemodes (Survival, Arena, Solo-Arena). Fight alone or with another player in co-op. Super fun!Neutral-Linear gameplay. Like I said, kind of a playable movie. Would've loved to make some 'greater' decisions or commands for my legionnaires. At some points you can command your soldiers where to stand or what to shoot.-Enemy clone army. Sometimes you end up fighting 3x the same guy at the same time. Looks a little weird but at least you can distinguish the enemy-types.Cons-Story too short. You can finish the story in ~6 hours.-Not much replay value. Maybe you can play the game on harder difficulties.(I didn't try the multiplayer-mode, maybe it's worth. I'll check it out later)<- Look at ""Pros""-The Price. 19,99€ is a little overpriced for the amount of game you get.(Still need to try multiplayer-mode)Overall I enjoyed (and 'am still enjoying) the game very much! I wouldn't recommend it at full price but if you love hack'n'slash with a 'playable-movie-style-gameplay-type' in ancient rome - buy it! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,302510,20017183,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Moobyghost,"Pros:The game is beautiful. When not in combat, just stand still sometimes and pan the camera around. Everything is pretty.It has a Wicker Man,The score is nice.It is a nice game that requires no commitment. Just pick up and play and be done shortly.Also, the acting in the game is pretty well done, both voically and character movement and body languge.Cons:It is short.Combat is repetitive.Almost everyone you kill in game looks the same.It ♥♥♥♥♥ all over Pagan history.Verdict:Buy for $10 or less and get your monies worth. Short, beautiful, and worth an experiance."
,Recommended,302510,20021362,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,IronSlayer,+Amazing Graphics+/- Story- combat system-ShortBuy only if heavily discounted
,Recommended,302510,20047816,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SLAUGHTERHOUSE XXVI,"This game is just what I needed. Viscera brutal combat. Great Storyline. Amazing voice acting, graphics, and facial animations."
,Recommended,302510,30664509,Posted: 22 March,all,MisterRay97,"Brilliant storyline and amazing graphics (even on low settings)! The expressions are extremely realistic. The gameplay is good, but it is mostly dependant on quick time events. The game is also very linear. If you enjoy single-player storyline based games, it's brilliant! However, it is too short. The gameplay gives a feeling that it was actually created to show off the capabilities of the Xbox One console, rather than being a 'serious' game. Nevertheless, it has one of the best storylines among video games.Play this with a controller for the best experience. Also, colour blind people may have problems as this shows colours to determine what button on the controller to press. I'd suggest them to watch a few gameplay videos and then determine if you're able to differentiate all the colours or not before buying this game."
,Recommended,302510,19961218,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Midnight Messiah,"Developed by Crytek,  ye ol' grampas  of Crysis, Ryse brings to us a weak fictional story of a young roman legionnaire who found himself caught in the deadly schemes of gods who toy with the achievments, greed and sacrifices of humans to create a civilized world.The game is displayed a cinematic third-person action game with QTE and seamless animations and a decent yet challenging combat system. While the combat system is arguably the caveat on which the amazing graphics and the entertaining combos followed by executions rests on, the game is restricted in it's linearity by the occasional RTS option to deploy specific troops in certain event areas to manage a defensive position.Besides that, however, the linearity proceeds through seamless world milestones which NEVER become repetitive and makes the first time experience all the more beautiful and awe-inspiring.All in all, the game is a great experience for anyone bored enough to buy at full price yet it's a complete blessing to purchase it during the season sales.NanoSuit step aside, Private Marius on duty!"
,Recommended,302510,19963712,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Oneone,Really good looking and well optimized for the PC! story is cool but a bit short. MUST buy on sale :)
,Recommended,302510,20008782,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Idreth Ilithril,"I didn't expect this game to be as good as it is. I hope they make another one. Please make another one. That last fight in Britannia with the music playing as you hold your ground as the ship sails away leaving you alone fighting the Barbarians that was awesome. more of that next time please. That made the game for me. That and the awesome fighting gameplay, also the ending was cool too. I love this game."
,Recommended,302510,20014478,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TT,"Yes! God, yes! Very well made AAA game that has a pretty good story about revenge combined with stunning visuals. It is short, but straight to the point."
76561198053022916,Recommended,302510,20064759,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ragnarr_belgorr,What a great game. Really good combat system and fair story line. What i do not enjoy that much is the camera angle to me it seems to take away from the atmosphere when off to one side all you see is the roman much like dead space thats just my opinion. Still a great game.
,Recommended,302510,33300172,Posted: 5 July,all,Macan,"Beautiful Graphics, good storyline, but the combat system are made for consoles and slightly repetitive.the gameplay is only about 5-8 hours (Single Player) and it gives you intense atmosphere.A must buy game on sale!Rate : 7.5/10"
,Recommended,302510,33293057,Posted: 5 July,all,Caigun,"Perhaps not the deepest game storywise, but a real work of art. I don't care about the anachronisms, since it's obviously set in a different universe than our own. Mix stunning visuals, an awesome setting, a decent story, and a good combat system with really nasty executions, and sprinkle it with a large dose of epicness and you'll get this game."
76561198065313460,Recommended,302510,33293830,Posted: 5 July,all,MagentaGent,Best dating sim I've ever played
,Recommended,302510,33298205,Posted: 5 July,all,Shelo.-,"A fun game that I recommend basically because is kind of short, it is by nature a repetitive game but for me that's fine as long as the story and mechanics are well executed, and this game has both and as a plus it is very good looking (except the menus, those look and feel cheap, but whatever I guess). Definitively pick it up on a sale."
,Recommended,302510,33405693,Posted: 9 July,all,Utku,A 6 hour journey to the Roman Empire. The game is really repetitive. Executions are kinda cool. Story is cliche of course. Graphics are really gorgeous. 6.5/10 for me. PS: Buy it if its on sale. Don't if it isnt.
,Recommended,302510,22200679,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,King Of Flirt,"i enjoyed the campain, now the ending was predictable, and the plot couldev been a lot better, i will not lie it was kinda disapoitng but that is about where i draw the cons line. the two sons of emperor (especially the younger one) were such great characters, and voice actors did the great job of making them come alive, they only appear a couple of times for a short period, whitch is a shame cause they are by far the most interesting characters in the game.The combat is amazing, the executions really make u feel like ur watching an 2015 action 3D movie. and as someone said this whole  game is like ancient rome ruled by michael bay (whitch is not a bad thing cause some of the bigger scenes and explosions look awsome)so basiclly if u like medieval times, an alright story, and a heck of a good hack and slash gameplay, than i recommend this only if 20 euros is nothing for you, otherwise i absolutly recomend this if u can get it on a sale, and its on sale a lot and u can get it for 5 euros some times."
,Recommended,302510,33398581,Posted: 9 July,all,ritard squad,"Vewry Good Game , with a little bit good god porn"
,Recommended,302510,33405357,Posted: 9 July,all,AugustusCaesar,"In 1 sentenceYou play as an ancient roman hero from 3rd person view in this visually beautiful cca. 6 hours of linear hack-and-slash action with a very cliche story and somewhat repetitive combat.Interesting pointsAs someone who jumps on everything that says ""Ancient Rome"" I was stoked to see this in the summer sale for 5 euros. Finished the game in around 6 hours and I feel a bit dissapointed by all the potential that was lost in this game.The graphics and visuals are the best part of the game to me, visually stunning and very appealing, the game delivers.Sound and music are also executed well, I especially liked the voice acting of the main protagonist.The story is very cliche (oh where have I seen this?) and totally linearI appreciated the Roman mythology that played a bit of role in the gameWith a much better story, at least a bit of free will and less linearness and a touch of RPG-like features, this could have been a great gameMy verdictIf you are into Ancient Rome like me, grab this as a pleasant and relaxing hack-and-slash actionIf you don't care about Ancient Rome and are out of action games, consider getting this in a sale"
,Not Recommended,302510,33417577,Posted: 9 July,all,Desperado Nocturne,This game is so poorly optimized...yet still have great combat mechanism and storyline.Rating : 5.2/10
,Recommended,302510,33420809,Posted: 9 July,all,LosPollosHermanos,6.5/10Pros:quite an entertaning storylinesome awesome graphicssound fx add to the gaming experiencecons:repetative gameplay which made it tediousupgrades and player choices are obselete and don't add much
76561198311889371,Recommended,302510,32766818,Posted: 25 June,all,PUMPsix,.
,Recommended,302510,33509578,Posted: 13 July,all,Blaze,I really liked this game. Had a lot of fun playing it and watching the cinematics.
,Recommended,302510,33491755,Posted: 12 July,all,Painicillin,"This game plays more like a long movie. I found it very enjoyable. The graphics are very good. The detail and emotion expressed on the characters faces is amazing.The gameplay is satisfying. Perfectly timed moves will allow you avoid damage. There are no ""cheap shots"" from opponents.It was a fun 7 hours. If you enjoy a good story and lots of ""Witcher 3"" style combat I think you will enjoy this game."
76561198066666900,Recommended,302510,33595890,Posted: 16 July,all,Mogo Yoyo,Short but engaging
76561197969553713,Recommended,302510,33583392,Posted: 16 July,all,Dwayne,"The game is about a soldier who loses his family and then becomes a general through the actions he does on the field.This game has amazing graphics, decent story/plot and voice acting. The sound design is superb too.I advice an (xbox) controller to play this. Combat and other actions in the game are color coded (mapping to the keys on a Xbox controller). The controls basicly boil down to: block/dodge/roll and attack/shield bash/thow spear. Might sound boring but I find it to be quite satisfactory to slaughter the enemies.You can upgrade skills and the fights give you some kind of points that refill your health and focus bars.Overal, this is a decent game, on rails, with typical console feel (you can't even jump when you want) but I still like it. Makes me feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥roman warrior."
,Recommended,302510,33541095,Posted: 14 July,all,[RC]Grim,"This game has a very compelling story that instantly captured my attention and kept me hooked all the way through to the ending.The Combat system is very rewarding and satisfying.  Combat flows smoothly depending on combo, timing, distance, environment, and situation.  I can't get enough of wading through hordes of enemies, weaving from blocking to attacking to staggering and executing.The story gameplay really makes you feel as though you are a leader in the Roman army with your troops relying on you to dominate the battlefield.If you enjoy story games, or games with a very exciting and fun combat system, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,302510,33557090,Posted: 15 July,all,ŋooB algerieŋ | Pvpro.com,this game is good .good graphic + very good gameplay9/10i love it <3
,Recommended,302510,33544742,Posted: 14 July,all,panthar7,Great action game and looks stunning in native 4k. Played at launch and with my recent upgrade to a full 4k system and monitor I decided to revisit. Eye candy galore and a fun game as a bonus.
,Recommended,302510,32935456,Posted: 28 June,all,Swampland General,I played the game now on legendary and i must say its pretty much good.-The killmoves are nice-The end is better than some games8/10 would noob it again
,Recommended,302510,33575308,Posted: 15 July,all,Senpai!!,"Good story, boring gameplay and Horrible Performance.7/10"
76561198031649554,Recommended,302510,14394174,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,E1vis,"Ryse: Son of Rome gorgeous game with solid combat and story .Also there is exellent multiplayer,where you can feel like a real gladiator.Good feeling step into colosseum, have some brutal kills and leave all the tension after work  :]  My personal rating for this game 8.5 ,its like good movie with strong acting,realy facial animation here is amazing."
,Recommended,302510,18335511,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hecthelion,This is the best solo game i've played so far !! very immersive! fight are awesome i recommend you that game!
76561198008203069,Recommended,302510,18311690,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Baron Libra,"First of all I will start off saying that this is my opinion of Ryse Son Of Rome and that it might not fit in with everyone else’s.Ryse Son Of Rome as we all know is set in Rome during the time they occupied Britain, your main character is Marius Titus a young Roman soldier who's family is killed by barbarians. Thus leads the main protagonist to fight etc. etc. etc.Now first everyone needs to realise this game was not made to be all that hard; its a hack and slash with the the idea that you beat your enemies to death with a sword etc., so people expecting a vast amount of combos/moves should forget about it. The game has been made first and foremost to look beautiful and it does! By God its a great looking game. Secondly, the story is more or less a movie story with twists that are entertaining and make you want to know more and the great actors playing every part of their character are really impressive .Thirdly, the reason I gave this game a positive review is that it was just what I was looking for: simple,  easy to play - love beating people to death with sword and shield. The finishers you start to see again and again, but they are just deadly to watch and well the story like I said its a movie story with great character and voice actors that are beautifully captured in some of the best graphics i've seen in a game.So their you have it 10/10 for a simple fun game to play with fantastic graphics and entertaining story.ALL HAIL MARIUS SON OF ROME!!!"
76561198013763328,Not Recommended,302510,18392531,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Pavel Hirys,Nice graphics game without gameplay.Very boring and not deep combat mechanics.
76561197981990028,Not Recommended,302510,18209600,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,gringopig,Bought in sale and it was an instant regret as soon as I started it. Laggy and unintuitive. Poor.See below. Fix found for awful framerate variability and jerkiness
,Recommended,302510,18366861,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,KrakenK9,Great game and visual . Only downside is the short story :( Other than that everything else is great .
76561197969157443,Recommended,302510,18217074,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,xxx1703,"+ Great story+ Great visuals (really, this game is beautiful)+ 2 player coop- Gameplay could have had more to offer. But it isn't as shallow, as some may claim.- Long matching times in coop8/10"
76561197993694207,Recommended,302510,18363899,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Datek,"Nicely done, enjoyable to play, with bloody brutal combat similar to the Arkham series.  Best with an Xbox controller."
76561198148743615,Recommended,302510,18365146,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,M3ta1Drummer,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a beautiful looking game and is really fun. It has really good voice acting, epic soundtrack, easy controls, and a good story line.My numeric rating of the game would be 7 out of 10."
76561198035248541,Not Recommended,302510,18332465,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,noxhelios,"Pros--Well executed graphics--Subject--Load timesCons--Poor level design. Train track. Inconsistent movement options (sometimes you can climb things of a certain height, sometimes you can't). Settings that don't make sense for the characters and story.--Mechanics. Often keypresses and clicks are ignored (even when prompted).--Historically inaccurate--Often prompted to take actions you can't actually take or that do nothing (e.g., ""E"" when close to pila)--Perfect AI defense. Can really only damage the AI characters by taking specific actions at specific times.--Movement is staccato--Motion blur is annoying"
76561198034214149,Recommended,302510,18331572,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,richard.davis370,"excellent game, as soon as you get the graphics working for you, not against. Few tweaks on game settings and graphic card settings.... well worth it.... Great story"
76561197970133179,Recommended,302510,18416570,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,agent6488,"Repetitive combat, but just exciting enough. Inegant level and encounter design made it hard to navigate and complete objectives sometimes. For instance, the siege sequence's defensive options seemed to include one that would kepe the battle going on endlessley, and one that would end it right away, but this was not clear each time the choices were presented.Flashes of stuff that could have been super exciting with a little more attention and variety, like throwing spears with your army.Great production values make it worth a fast play-through."
76561197964589814,Recommended,302510,18488225,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Armandorev,A little bit repetitive on enemies but very very nice and fun to play.
,Recommended,302510,18485724,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,BozoTheUnicorn,I like this game but the storyline is quite short
76561198018813530,Not Recommended,302510,18468509,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Daboss302,"single player graphically the game is great, gameplay on the other hand is repetative and sort of boring the story is good but in english it feel like it should be a story from britan, the romans speak british instead of italian, if it was in italian with subtitles would of made the game much better, and of course the other races in the game like the barbarians if they had there own language would have been nice, the lack of characters is also disappointing as you fight about 4 characters all the time durring the barbarian seige, its things like this that make the game very hard to enjoy as you see the same faces just pop up every 2 secs, at least they could have had some masks or something to make them different.a game to test the graphics card but not a game for real enjoyment, if you want to compare god of war to this well god of war is much better, even on ps2 with the older gow it was much more enjoyable than this, you follow the path the game gives you, you cant really divert from it so it make is pretty boring. XDalso 980ti at pretty high graphics manages to pull 30fps ... ok graphics are special but not that special to be the selling point i would have liked to see better style to this game but it is what it is.. ill keep playing but probably stop soon as its just a button masher and like i have said quite boring compared to god of war."
,Recommended,302510,18479221,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,队长共产主义,Executions are the best.
76561198066307119,Recommended,302510,18499427,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BTPIApocalyptic [UK],pretty good nice graphics awesome gameplay and nice finishing moves
,Not Recommended,302510,18452776,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Big Uncle Heavy,"If you have ever played a game similar to this one, such as ""God of War"" or ""Darksiders"" where you spend the majority of the game in 3rd person combat with some QTE (Quick Time Events), then you know some of the frustrating things that have plagued these games in the past: Bad camera angles, jarring controls and strange combat mechanics. Unfortunately ""Ryse: Son of Rome"" suffers from all of these problems, something that should'nt be a problem with the genre these days.Before I mention the problems with this game, I'll make a note of the positives:The graphics are superb in this game, and the characters have realistic facial expressions which effectively relays emotion. Environments are bright and well detailed, and for a ported game, Ryse manages to impress.The voice acting is top notch, and dialogue feels natural.Now for the things I had problems with:I have tried this game with both a Mouse & Keyboard setup, and with a genuine Xbox 360 controller. Neither solution provided satisfying control of my character, although with a keyboard & mouse, at least there was a bit more precision and accuracy.  Control in this game is vital, but with the lousy game mechanics I spent most of my time bumping into walls and watching my character make random movements after I stopped controller input. One example was when I stopped to face an object so I could interact with it, the character suddenly did an ""about face"" and turned 180 degrees to face the opposite direction. This happens a lot during combat as well. As I am attacking an opponent, my character will suddenly begin slashing in a different direction straight into thin air.Other problems include inconsistent hit boxes and attacks that feel random, despite how well you may time them. Combos are very difficult, but only because the controls feel so clunky. To add to the problems, combos and attacks are cool to watch at first, but quickly grow boring and repetitive.I also encountered a few bugs within the first 30 minutes of playing this game. Cut scene playback and events with prescripted audio was jittery and skips too often for my liking. As the first cut scene transitioned back into player control, the game froze, requiring a restart. This happened again at another cut scene, also during a transition event. I also became stuck in various objects in the game, preventing me from progressing, which required restarting from a last save point.This brings me to my next irk: Every time you reload your last save point, there is almost always an unskippable cut scene you must watch before you can continue. Very annoying, especially if you encounter a difficult fight that may require a 2nd or 3rd attempt. This is tiresome after four or five cut scenes.The storyline is cliché, and doesn't bring a new experience to the table. The names of most of the characters are also borderline ridiculous, as they are just mash-ups of famous Roman names. Think along the lines of, ""Caludius Maximus Aurelia"" or some such nonsense. At the very least though, everything sounds Roman.If you have played and enjoyed the God of War or Darksiders series with all their quarks and inconsistencies, you may find Ryse: Son of Rome entertaining. After playing games like ""Batman: Arkham Asylum"" which did 3rd person combat VERY well, I found Ryse to be a frustrating experience, and had me leaving the game feeling exactly the opposite of what I am aiming for when I play a game for relaxation. If you find it on sale, it might be worth it, but I personally think there are much better options out there.Positives:- Great graphics, beautiful scenery, well rendered characters and facial expressions- Great voice actingNegatives:- Buggy; You may find yourself glitching into objects and getting stuck or experience an occasional crash/freeze- Cliché storyline- Difficult to control movements and spotty hit placement- Fighting quickly becomes bland and boring when it isn't completely frustrating- Quick Time Events that are simple, boring, and pointless"
76561198083547322,Recommended,302510,25166103,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,YeetMike,"I bought this game at $4.99 on sale, and that is why I can recommend it. This game has a rewarding story which is quite entertaining and really does draw you in. I honestly wish this game had lasted longer. The game took me about 8 hours to complete, and there's not much else to do after that. The multiplayer is essentially dead, so this is a $5 one day game I suppose. Do NOT play more than 10 bucks for this. It is not worth that much, but at $5 it is worth every penny. Excellent game! 9.5/10"
76561198095408940,Not Recommended,302510,25158711,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jon,"I don't know, if it's only my problem, but I've got better hardware than is required, and....... I've got extremely fps drops (whatevere I do - lowest graphics setting / best graphics / changing resolution / etc.), nothing work ! When I stand without movement -> 60 - 120 fps minimum, but when I move or turn camera around -> 0 - 20 fps ?!5€ threw away !-> gameplay for me = 0.2 / 10 *Story:I didn't finished the story yet ! And I don't think I will ever finish it ! Because of damn fps drops !My hardware: Win 7 Professional, 64bitAMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core Processor  3.50 GHz8 GB RAMGeForce GTX 970  (4GB)DirectX 11>500 GB on discI really don't understand that...."
76561198159079262,Not Recommended,302510,28516618,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DtotheX,"It'sextremelytediousas you start progressing you realise how many times you do the same move and quickly see the simplicity of the combat system in a bad light, along with everything else including physics. Beautiful scenery doesn't count for much when like most games it lacks the core mechanics of expanding animations, physics, and movement to make an original, responsive control and combat system, instead that is scrapped for fancy set pieces."
76561198086662205,Recommended,302510,25192177,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,STARCORE,A work of art. Masterpiece.
,Recommended,302510,25190869,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gumarelo836,"really liked it, though the campaign is short and combat its kind of repetitive"
76561198019429088,Not Recommended,302510,24997441,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Manbeast,"Pros:- Visually, it's a good-looking game.- The combat system can be quite satisfying at times.Cons:- There's absolutely no depth to any system.- The story is kind of weak.- Very short, only took me about 5.5 hours to complete the story mode.Conclusion: If you want a brainless action game, you could play this and not be too upset. But I wouldn't spend more than $5 on it."
,Recommended,302510,25025905,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Froglift,"For the price you get a pretty interesting story, more like unto an interactive movie than a game. If you are a fan of The Eagle, Gladiator, Centurion, you will most likely like this. As far as gameplay, it reminds me of the LoTR games; very linear, very scripted. Still a fun story though. There are a few good game mechanics as well. I do not plan on replaying this game however. It only took me 5 hours to complete. I haven't played the gladiator mode yet but I'm sure I can get a few more hours out of it.TL;DR I recommend getting this on sale but it is still a fun little game/movie."
76561198001980312,Recommended,302510,25047220,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Chummy 8,"This is just simply a great story driven linear action game with a nice combat flow. The execution moves are fun to do and the combat never got old. It's a kind of game that you don't really see much of any more.4/5 Not without its flaws, but the combat, the graphics, and the story got my attention through the 7 or so hours it took to finish the game. Get it on sale and enjoy this action movie of a video game."
76561198114899599,Recommended,302510,25080070,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pak_suo_won,"It's quite a short game, but very good"
,Recommended,302510,25109128,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ul_trOOn,Beautiful graphics and good story.Combat sysytem repetitive once you unlock all perks.10/10
76561198064153655,Recommended,302510,25115490,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Main Character: Marius is amazing.+) This character: Son of emperor was so brilliant in his own way. I wanted to kill him myself by just hearing him talk, Hahahahaha.+) Story was superb.+) Great dialogue exchanges.+) Battles are exciting and thrilling.+) Helpful and pinpoint checkpoints. You can see how well constructed this game is.+) Graphics are Amazing. I wish I had a better graphic card.+) Brilliant BGM and sound effects.-) Perhaps the graphics were too great. Disk lags here and there was kind of bummer.-) Texture quality can't be changed in the option menu. What the heck? Hahaha. Editing system file to do that is just off.-) Sometimes in execution there's a npc standing in the way so you can't see what to click.-) Fantasy part of this game is not actually necessary. There just for a little twist and mood making. It would've been lot better if they actually owned that side of the game. Such as killing Medusa in her den to achieve power as damocles and fight ""the guy"" in the end with it.-) Boudicca's outfit is messed up. That leather strap tightening her breast? Come on! You can almost feel the pain and discomfort that woman is having."
76561198227010156,Recommended,302510,25114822,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,_dujakovicXXX_,GG
76561198031705864,Recommended,302510,24943903,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TehPenguin,"This is a good movie with some easy going combat to keep you entertained.No, really. And that's not a bad thing either!"
76561198038332577,Recommended,302510,25031360,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Default,"Visually great to look at, very short campaign buy in sale for it to be worthwhile."
76561198201996733,Recommended,302510,25028199,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Echepolo,"I played the single player campaign and I really appreciated this game. Graphics and scenarios are beautiful, gameplay is enjoyable and the plot -except Commodus' cruelty that sounds quite childish and ridiculous- is engaging enough. Indeed a good way to spend about ten hours (that was time it took me to finish the game)."
,Recommended,302510,25023036,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Atticuscreed,Decent story. Gameplay gets more than a little repetitive after a while but all in all it's worth a playthrough.
76561198008600199,Not Recommended,302510,25083735,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,evbostar,This was one of my least favorite games every purchased on steam....way tooo damn hard to control and it's really just a button masher....super frustrated!
76561197986375130,Recommended,302510,25084819,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kernel Foo,"I really think this game is whatever you want it to be. If you want to smash buttons and feel like an unstoppable brute, go for it. If you want to take it slow, and string together your attacks with precision and finesse, do it. Either way, the story is fantastic, the graphics look truly incredible, and the action has a very nice ryhthm and flow to it. 10/10 would slice and dice again."
76561198017888927,Recommended,302510,22148179,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SuMmEr,8/10 i wanted more storyline but its awesome the graphics the gameplay . You know the feeling when you finish a very good game this emptyness it leaves afterwards  ? Something like this ... buy it now that's on sale only 5€ have fun guys !!!
76561197970471367,Not Recommended,302510,22147251,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MrWahd,"Play 5min of the game and you played the entire game. One of the worst console ports I have ever played. only good thing the game offers is graphics. The controls are horrid. you can only choose between 3 presets, no editing binds. i only know this because my brother told me. Everytime I try to access the settings menu the game menu glitchs and crashes the game.Pros:Graphics if you can even get to the settings menu to change them.Game was gifted to me.Cons:No keybind editingGlitchy, Key prompts only work when facing target. but you still get the prompt when your just near the target.Gameplay is extremely boring.Camera gets blocked constantly by objects and NPCsGame menu brokenCharacter doesnt respond well to movement commands, like trying to turn around to Use a item/revive player. you get locked into combat. Can only roll around like a circus clown.Combat is the same 2min minutes repeated for hours."
,Recommended,302510,22134633,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Winkbell,"Awesome gameplay co-op for FPS, awesome next gen Graphic game  but need GTX900 serie for play it. my notebook can't play it stable."
76561198024577045,Recommended,302510,22267986,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Trajan Optimus Princeps,"Presonally, being a fan of ancient Rome texts and documentaries I found this game being really similar to a good historical novel. Great plot, mostly fiction, but great nonetheless, fast-paced action and so much blood one can handle. Not to mention beautiful landscapes, detailed textures and marvellous combat mechanics. It was a great gaming experience, and that means really a lot from a man who has a habit of never finishing his RPGs. I wish there would be more games based in ancient rome and this one gets 10/10 from me!"
,Recommended,302510,22268136,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ndarvianp,"it's not that good, but it's fun and easy to play. you will encounter boring time at some point, but carry on to finish the story.7/10"
76561197980779172,Recommended,302510,22268177,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ManJuiceD,I loved this game! I thought it had a good interesting story which always made me want to continue playing! The graphics is really well done and the concept and gameplay is absolutely worth your time. It is always a pleasure when you strike down your enemies in slow-motion.Ryse: Son of Rome is worth every penny and I salute the team which made this game. It was a pleasure playing it!
,Recommended,302510,22265942,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dr Strangelove,"Fun game, probably not very challenging for most people, but a great celebration of violence. It´s more or less a simplified version of God of War. Comes heavily recommended at a discounted price."
76561198044201433,Recommended,302510,22250077,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bear,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a fun and short hack and slash QTE-ish game with absolutely gorgeous graphics.Single player can be beaten in roughly a single seating. I completed the campaign around the 4 hour mark.What I was most interested in was the multiplayer as I've been itching for a niche gladiator-arena style PVE game for awhile now. Sadly, even with the $5 sales, there doesn't seem to be that many people on the servers anymore. Queue times can take anywhere from 3   to 60 minutes for the matchmaking system (that's the longest I've queued and went AFK for)Would I recommend it?For the single player experience, its a big MAYBE. For a discounted price of $5, it was definitely a good way to kill time, provided you are a fan of the Roman / God of War asthethics.For the multiplayer experience, if you happen to have a friend who is also into the gladiator-arena gameplay, then it would be a definate YES from me, taking into account that I've been searching and failing to find a game like this for awhile now."
,Recommended,302510,22310190,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,JollySU<OverWatch>,"I bought this game for 4.99 on one of the Steam sales.  This game does work well in SLI for PC gamers with two or more video cards.  The visual graphics are good, and the combat is great with the much appreciated ""gore"" factor.  Took me only 9 hours to beat the game, but the experience was still a very good one.  On sale I would recommend this game to people who like good combat mechanics and gore."
76561198038906579,Recommended,302510,22517809,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,minnix101,Bought the game on steam sale for $5.  It was an excellent buy imo!  Single player mode is worth a play through.  Multiplayer/Co-op arena match-ups can be frustrating because of the lack of players currently playing Ryse.Great game for $5.
,Recommended,302510,22506012,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Draco,"Overall Rating: 87.0%I really enjoyed Ryse a lot more than I thought I would. Initially put off by the mediocre reviews when it launched alongside the Xbox One, I purchased it during a sale and ended up playing it several months later when I was bored. Below is my rating breakdown.Gameplay: 9/10Probably the point that people will disagree with most, but I really enjoyed the simplistic nature of Ryse's combat system. If you've played any of the Batman: Arkham games, you are familiar with the basics of the combat. I think what really ets Ryse apart though is how simple the combat is, but there are also several aspects of the gameplay that will take you a bit of time to master. The gameplay is simplistic, but it was designed to be. I never found the game to be unfair or overly complicated, which was also enjoyable. It's a good game to play if you just want to relax and stab people with a sword.Graphics: 10/10This game is absolutely gorgeous. In fact, while you should never buy a game for its graphics, Ryse might be that one exception to the rule. It's an absolutely beautiful game to experience.Sound: 9/10The sounds of combat are thrilling, the voice acting is superb and the music was well written to match the occasion in which it is presented.Story: 10/10While Ryse's story is pretty basicA story of revenge with a little bit of classical God mythology thrown init serves it well. In an age where video game stories seem to be spiraling out of control as each new games attempts to be more complicated and bass-ackwards than the one before it, this was a nice change of pace. Plus....Damocles!Innovation: 10/10Simple story, using a fairly standard combat system. Ryse wasn't designed to stand out in any one way other than with it's graphics, but it's also a game that you won't find elsewhere. It has just enough of an identity to stand out on it's own, and this earns it an innovation rating of 10.Value: 7/10On Sale, Ryse is definitely worth the purchase. Full price, though? Probably not, unless you really REALLY want it.Fun: 9/10Slicing up barbarians? Awesome! Plus, this is the only game I know where a shield bash is a legitimately devastating attack.Atmosphere: 10/10The game just oozes atmosphere. Everything from the detail that was put into the environments such as Rome and Britannia, to the attire and way the characters speak. The game world is incredibly detailed, with a dedication to that detail that doesn't waver throughout the course of the game.Replay: 8/10You can replay the game once you beat it to gain more experience and level up your character more. While the story will not draw you back in, the gameplay, graphics, and just fun of the game have a good chance of drawing you in.Value Rating: 0.78Ryse is a pretty short game (I beat it in about 6 hours on the middle difficulty level), so you're not really getting much bang for your buck if you pay full price for it (currently $20). However, pick it up on sale and the Value Rating jumps up pretty quickly.Would I Recommend It?Absolutely."
,Not Recommended,302510,22518698,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dogebert,I played maybe 15min. of the game and had enough.  I immediately uninstalled.  I started playing and had a rough time controlling the character.  Then after I noticed that all the NPC's in the area were exact clones of one enemy.  This fell waaaaaaaaay short of my expectations.
76561198087304586,Recommended,302510,22506450,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,anton20089,This game overall is short only about 5 to 6 hours for the story mode. You can also play multiplayer in the arena mode. I'd say over all it's pretty good and i'd give the graphics a 10 out of 10 also.
,Recommended,302510,22473205,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,StormDestroyer,Great game. Awesome graphics and story. Fighting sequences seem something out of a movie.
,Recommended,302510,22486650,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,zjoshua,"Pros-1) Action packed, plenty of hack and slash combat2) Fairly good story3) Decent graphics and controlsCons-1) Very short!2) Gets repetive quickly due to quick time events galore3) Buggy and performance dips, even with a GTX 980 at 1080pWorth it when heavily discounted, 6/10"
,Recommended,302510,22477027,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NEOTHEHIVE,"worth 5.00 imo,  good eye candy , game play so-so ,"
,Recommended,302510,22481240,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,babaz,"Simple and ""on rails"" like it could be described, this game offers some genuine and rewarding ""slashing"", with an intelligent on-the-fly power up mechanic which is quite satisfying. Musically and - especially - visually striking, the crytech engine behind this game shines with realistic and gorgeous rendition of fabric, shiny plates and stunning panoramas of ancient Rome. Lightining, as exptected, is particularly good and believable. Also some tasty cinematic sequences. Game is quite simple so go straight with the hardest difficult from the start (3rd tier on 4, latest is available only on the second run). Also, don't play down the well constructed and engaging multiplayer: in coop it's a very enjoiable experience."
76561197990199942,Recommended,302510,22465676,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,redheaddead,"Although short-lived, this game was fun and memorable.  Not much in way of RPG elements and not open-world, but it was an entertaining pick-me-up. It was a seamless production, which is a nice change from al ot of games. Recommended.Pros:-Excellent pacing, storyline and setting. Rome is as cool a setting as ever.-Cinematics, writing, and voiceovers are all excellent, with a few twists along the plotline.-Great game to snag during a steam sale. I would be very interested in a sequel.Cons:-Story/main campaign was very short. 8 hours max?-Multiplayer is dead.-Combat system can be tedious.  Executions look cool, but there aren't enough enemy types to really challenge the player, and half the time is spent waiting for the correct color overlay to appear on-screen, while the other half is spent memorizing the AI's behavior.  Also you're not in any danger during an execution even when you press the wrong button combinations.-Console port so it wasn't fun without a controller.-skills/rpg elements and those types of interactions were very limited."
76561198075735542,Recommended,302510,22420754,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,RSobey123,"I got to hack and slash barbarians with glorious 4k resolution and some of the most fluid and immersive combat. I don't know what sorcery they used for their animations, but if was good.Pros:Great movement, every thing feels fluid, from running to stopping your massive slash to deflect an attack.Character facial animation, movement and dialoguein cutscenes feels very real and realistic. You can tell if they're angry or scared, unlike a game like Fallout 4 where everyone has similar dialogue and plastic, dull faces.The enviroment is beautiful and crisp.Multiplayer and co-op!! Though only single player campaign.Cons:Get a bad fps drop every now and then.Could use a bit of customisation and better unlocking.I don't know why this game isn't more popular, but it's great ... if you can get it to work"
,Recommended,302510,21220693,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Joshikazam,"A pretty good game. The story is somewhat captivating, but it isn't anything worth hyping over. It is also fairly short, lasting probably 7-8 hours, so around 15-16 hours to 100% the story alone, due to having to go through it twice. The second time is on the hardest difficulty you unlock after beating it the first time. The combat is pretty satisfying, and it is a bit more than just a button masher, it is definitely unique and fun. There's even a burning eagle mode, which I never got to experience due to the difficulties getting to it, but from videos it seems pretty cool, turning Marius into a killing machine. The graphics are definitely one of the best things the game has to offer, I spent about 1/5 of the game admiring how nice everything looked, taking around 70 screenshots over the 7 hours. Screenshots don't fully capture its visual appearance however. I haven't really looked into the mulitplayer too much, but it seems to be mainly gladiator events, which does seem pretty cool, and I definitely want to give it more of a try.Overall, I would give this game a 7.5/10, and I would probably only recommend it during a sale, unless you are a true fan to Rome Era history games like this. Mainly due to the shorter campaign, I can't recommend it at full price."
76561198003570750,Recommended,302510,22464630,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Deadlock,"""Are you not entertained?!""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsqJFIJ5lLsThat's the word that pops up in my mind after playing this game: entertaining. Put this game on the big screen, turn off your brain, sit back and enjoy Crytek's eye-candy and the ultra-violent hack & slash combat. This game will throw hordes of barbarians at you and you get to show off your fanciest legionnaire sword dancing moves. Where a Michael Bay movie has uncountable explosions, this game has at least as many brutal executions. Even if you fail to press blue or yellow in the quick time event (ugh), the animation will continue anyway! Sometimes you get the feeling that the game plays itself.The combat mechanics reminded me of the Batman series, where you block, dodge, hit and combo your way through multitudes of foes. Pretty fun! The game is incredibly linear and filled with invisible walls, but that's ok, I was not planning to use any brain cells during this game.+ Pretty environments, realistic face rendering.+ Brutal executions.+ The missions where you control a scorpio turret or command a roman batallion add a nice bit of variation to the regular swordplay.- Hardly any story for a game that nearly plays itself. But still, Marius and Boudica make a better love story than Twilight.- Might get a little repetitive halfway through the game.- I did not get the feeling the unlockables really changed anything, except for more HP."
76561198118563160,Recommended,302510,14284433,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Akeno Himejima,ITS fun
76561198028276100,Not Recommended,302510,22578591,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Jador,"This game is awesome... if you can manage to control your character.  1st, you can change your controls, in sets, which sounds great, except when it changes and you don't know what key does what.  Keys not doing what you expect?  Seems by design.If I could manage to know how to make my character do what I want him to do from moment to moment then I would rate Ryse 10/10.  Frustration of not being able to do so?  Makes it 0/10.It really is a good game, graphics are amazing, combat is great.  I really want to be able to play it.  But the controls are broken, in-game help is present but unusable.Way to completely break an amazing game.  I don't care about the $6 I spent on it on sale, I just really want to play this game - but it's broken.  Waste of a lot of potential - maybe the devs never bothered trying it on PC?*sigh*"
,Recommended,302510,22381129,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,crossbow boi,this game is great
,Recommended,302510,22381848,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fish,"In a word, underrated."
,Recommended,302510,22368224,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BilfO,"This game has some pretty awesome graphics, smooth gameplay, and great voice work. Sure the game can get a bit repetitive when it comes to combat, but it does manage to stay fun throughout. I mean, for me, it never gets old watching your character chop arms and legs off in slo-mo and watching your enemies squeal in pain as they get their throats slit. Anyhow, when it comes to the combat in this game, you could easily say the same about almost any shooter out there (and I'm a big fan of shooters, so I feel I have the right to say this). You point your weapon, aim, fire at someone's face, then move on to point B, repeat until the level's over. I'm not judging, but that's admittedly what you do in shooters. In this game, you combo some poor sap and chop 'em up, then move on. If you don't mind that sort of gameplay, then great, give this game a shot.I should also say that I like the story; it's not boring but not great either and that's what the game focuses on. The levels are super linear, I mean there is almost no exploration to be found. Sure there are hidden items, but they're pointless. They don't progress your character or the game in any way. There is a pretty simple progression system for your character though, where you can trade in-game currency or XP for new combos, but it's nothing to nut over. It's a hack 'n slash game, but it's not God of Way either, a game where combos reign supreme. Let's just say that depending on your preference, you'll be putting that left mouse or X button to work and proably wear that♥♥♥♥♥♥down.All in all, t's probably easier if you imagine this game playing out like a rollercoaster of a movie. It's got tons of action scenes, a story, characters that you may or may not care for, and that's it. You're in for a wild and violent ride once the game begins and it nevers slows down. I can kinda see why Crytek didn't bother with the extra content because they wanted to submerge you into this kind of experience. Leave the exploration to the sandboxes, because all you'll find here is story. I can honestly say I enjoyed this game, it's a great time-waster and will kill any and all boredom. But I can also honestly say, you should probably wait until this game goes on sale due to lack of content. I bought this game when it was on sale for $5 so I consider it a steal. I'd even go so far as to say that maybe $12 is worth the admission, but hey, it's your money."
76561198102429560,Recommended,302510,22308722,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bones,"Great hack and slash. 3 Hour's of gameplay, and I don't want to put it down."
,Not Recommended,302510,22307530,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LordArsenic,Very repetitive gameplay. Asked for refund.
76561198042424631,Not Recommended,302510,22334312,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bithum4n,"Pretty but also pretty bland, boring and repetitive. For the most part I found myself pressing the same sequence of buttons regardless of the enemy in front of me. Then I got stuck in a section with archers where dogging the arrows didnt appear to work at all and after 3 deaths I, which is not much to complain about, I just couldnt be bothered to continue."
76561197965398889,Recommended,302510,23125965,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lt. Whiskers,The best movie I've ever played. A little long though.
76561198067663643,Recommended,302510,20670607,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,♛King Carter♛,repetitive but entertaining
76561198243365128,Recommended,302510,23053945,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[EagleEchelon97],"Briefly, good story, fun gameplay, fantastic graphics, only flaw: low longevity.rating 7/10"
76561198094651013,Recommended,302510,25372733,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MoneySHOT,"I dont know why this game gets so much negative commentaries. It is a truly refreshing game with excellent graphics, ideal music, terrific voice acting, and a good combination of a historical as well mythollocical sense added to it. Maybe the combat is repetitive and the character progresion system is dull and simple, but for its price it delivers much more than what is expected. The storyline is both engaging and well scripted, and i consider to be the strongest aspect of the game. I sincerly recomend this game."
,Recommended,302510,25359636,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ezian,"I bought this game during a sale for around $5-10. My previous knowledge of this game was from the trailers teasing this game with the release of the xbox one which was interesting, but pricey for a simple hack and slash game. I'd recommend buying this only during a sale as the combat does get a bit stale, even the heavy hitting mob block timing can be figured out fairly quickly. One negative thing that really stood out to me was the default keybinds as well as the animation skill lock which can make it very annoying when you have several heavy attacks hitting you. Otherwise, the story I felt was fairly well done and is worth about 6-7 hours of gameplay."
76561198021799422,Recommended,302510,25483157,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,M16 5.56 NATO,"A very fun and entertaining game. It has a pretty good story line, and keeps your attention. It runs rather smoothly, but sometimes the controls become a bit sluggish. Overall, it's a game worth buying."
76561198099514093,Recommended,302510,25478694,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,markvdeijnden,"Great hack and slash game with good combo´s. Single player was a bit short in my opinion, but the story was great!"
,Recommended,302510,25512603,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jeremiahdbullfrog.com,buy it on sale.pros:beautiful gamesolid storyvoice acting is awesomecons:controls are sluggish and repetitive...repetitive...repetitive
,Recommended,302510,25332473,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ryh,The game looks stunningI enjoyed most of the game but felt a little let down by the ending.  It seemed a little rushed.  Like they run out of time or money so cobbled it together.
,Recommended,302510,25261373,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,The Murphy,"Get this game if you are just wanting some fun without a heavy story, the story in this is pretty much ignore material, pretty lackluster and cringeworthy, the game is not overly complicated to play, pretty straight forward, but its a blast smashing up & chopping off arms and legs and impaling people. The only real downside to it is an offensive offering of limited character models, you see the same people attacking you at each stage of the game, or even around the corner there appears to be the twin brother of the guy you just killed. However that being said, it remains entertaining none the less as I said at the start if you just want a bucket of fun, pick this up on sale for a few bucks and do not think too much about it."
76561198068431321,Recommended,302510,25518468,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mijxero,"This was a fun trip through the barbarian lands and rome carving a path of revenge with colored QTEs.  It was straight forward, but the combat was fun enough to keep the short (4-5hrs single player) game pretty exciting the whole journey.  It suffers from a few camera issues and a few times my button presses didn't seem to register, but all in all I really had fun."
,Recommended,302510,20992185,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,JohnC,Artwork in this game is terrific ! I`m giving a thumbs up just for this. I wouldnt recommend it for gameplay though.
,Recommended,302510,25553497,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lucius Confucius,I love chopping barbarians into little pieces and impaling corrupt Emperors on their own swords.
76561198095573264,Recommended,302510,21568933,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,yes papa,+Brutal combat+huge variety of executions+great sound quality+Gorgeous graphics+good story-quite easy overall-repeative combat-enemys not varieted-bad screenturning7.9/10
76561198172025791,Recommended,302510,21684222,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Angry Cat,"if you like killing and chopping people's hands and foot off in slow mo, sparta 300 style..then this game is for you"
76561198043080164,Recommended,302510,21554031,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Marginal0,"Looks great but has linear gameplay and only takes a couple of hours to complete. It was fun while it lasted though, so still a thumbs up. Shouldn't cost much nowadays."
,Recommended,302510,21718870,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Damaleus,Good but way to short. It was fun and interesting but it left me wanting more from the single player campaign.
76561198032563643,Not Recommended,302510,21694455,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sloth,Its 4 hours gameplay of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,302510,21703464,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,xXChalupaxBatmanXx,Decent game. Definitely not what i thought it was gonna be. Wasnt worth my time to finish the game tbh
,Recommended,302510,21785072,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ShiKaKa,"An epic, cinematic story through ancient Europe, as seen through the eyes of Marius, a Roman patrician out to seek revenge on Barbarian tribes that slaughtered his family (spoiler alert). Extremely flashy battle animations, which make it seem like John Woo and Michael Bay got together and decided to remake Gladiator. The graphics are to die for. Oh, and the multiplayer is nice too, albeit a little too repetitive. All in all, a good game (single player might be a bit too short for some). 9/10"
76561198038295259,Not Recommended,302510,21803432,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[BLD] Raven Catcher,"The game is visually stunning.  No doubt.  However, beautiful graphics and cinematics will only take a game so far.  If all you are concerned about is the look of a game, then sure, judge this book by it's cover.The game play is very linear and you cannot deviate or explore the world from the set path you have to stay on.  It's impossible to get lost because you are always directed where to go.  I blame it on the Elder Scrolls series and feel they spoiled me with their open world style format.  A game like this that restricts me as to where I can go makes me feel cheated and confined.  Constantly I found myself jokingly saying, ""Gee I wonder where I have to go next?"" knowing fully well that the narrow walk paths, invisible walls, and the inablity to truely go back would make getting lost almost impossible.Fighting is entirely a button mash with not much thought required. Pretty cool combos and killing blows can be done, but I never felt like my life was in danger.  Just mash away on the buttons.Both of these points however are to be expected when a game is ported over from the console.  I was so excited to experience this game but came out disappointed by the lack of thought required to play."
,Recommended,302510,21184211,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dank Memes,Ryse: Son of Quicktime events.
76561197976504995,Recommended,302510,21141481,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Ax,"Worth it just for the ending sequence. Short game for its price, on sale, buy it 100%."
,Recommended,302510,21023960,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,OhioMan,Picked this title up on sale. I played this over at a friends house and really liked it.get on sale.. good game!
76561198149281006,Recommended,302510,18575945,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Stelio Kontos,"Amazing game! Aesthetically pleasing even on low settings. Gameplay can get rather repetative, then again, what game generally doesn't? It's still pretty fun to play. Even though it was a very linear storyline, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's considerably short as well. I finished the whole story in around six and a half hours while almost maxing out all of the skill trees. I would highly recommend this game... If you can get it while it's on sale. I wouldn't pay full price for it. There isn't enough content for $30 US. Other than that, overall solid game."
,Not Recommended,302510,13711011,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Izunabungal,Seems like a game of QTE mostly. Not a whole lot of effort to fight enemies (the same buttons over and over). Mostly my fault for this one but even my PC which is almost double the recommended requirements had trouble keeping up the frame rate when more then 5 enemies were in one place.
76561198030700435,Not Recommended,302510,14073469,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,derekbell55,"It's fun for the first 30 minutes, but very quickly becomes repetitive. The story isn't as interesting as they make it seem. If you are curious about the game, wait until it's on sale at 75% off. Otherwise wi would strongly not recommend."
,Recommended,302510,13811796,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fritz da Kraut,"be a one man army slaying hundreds of enemies with over-spectacular combos, both graphics and cinematics are stunning (cryengine 3) in this awesome game!"
,Recommended,302510,13771985,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,"Ryse is like Batman in Roman times, but it's corridor based and the combat is a bit tougher.Highlights:Kicking♥♥♥♥♥as a Roman CenturionFighting as a gladiator in the ColloseumUsing Roman fighting tactics to kill the enemyWatching Boudica charge into Rome on the back of a War elephant.Yeah, pretty sure this isn't historically accruate, but I'm sure you aren't here for that."
76561197983108662,Recommended,302510,13772947,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Praise,10/10
,Recommended,302510,13623032,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Smirkin,"Absolutely awesome game. I'll leave a list of my main likings.1. One of the best stories i've played in recent memory. I would love to see a follow up game.2. Gorgeous3. Combat is thrilling and while sometimes repetitive the game keeps pushing you with harder fights and more action.4. Skill system is great, allows you to advance how you'd like instead of a set level path.5. Personally play with a ps4 controller and found it to work flawlessly. Other than having to see xbox prompts which are easy to get used to."
,Not Recommended,302510,13625427,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DJPrendo,"A very beautiful game to play with incedible graphics (if a little stuttery during some busier kill sequences) and stunning environment and action audio. Really lacking in the playability, however.I thought it was a little more hack-and-slash than I was lead to believe by the trailer and descriptions but that's just my opinion on game play, some people love hack-and-slash.Story was incredibly weak at times and I'm still unawares as to who some of the main characters are!From start to finish I spent jus under 6 hours to complete the campaign (on average difficulty and hunting achievements). Way too short for a game that has such focus on singleplayer.All-in-all it's a good game but not worth the £17 I paid for it. Given what I know now I'd struggle to part with more than £5 for this game."
76561197999016905,Not Recommended,302510,13615411,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fugi Bob,Decent game with a good story arc... the freezing completely ruins it though.
,Recommended,302510,21224168,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Noctus,"While not pushing any boundries of progressive game design, it's a solid game with decent combat, decent story and gorgeous visuals."
76561198141416968,Recommended,302510,21255895,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,harrytipper,amazing game 10/10
76561197971085775,Recommended,302510,21255690,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,lbrand,"I REALLY enjoyed this game. Best hack and slash I've played in a long time. The combat system works really well in its simplicity. Also, when you are being attacked by multiple enemies, you can still defend yourself."
,Recommended,302510,19206936,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Artorias,I really like this game..........but the stuttering is tremendous (GTX 970 G1). People with 980TI has the same issue.And developers will never make a fix.EDIT: Stutter has gone after format my PC.....
,Not Recommended,302510,21286293,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,aimei66,"The only real positive for this game is the graphics and the story, and even that twists history to its limits. The attention to detail shows this was a labour of love, but like a lot of AAA titles the focus was on the narrative and not the gameplay. Defeat wave after wave of people down a linear if beautiful lane, occasionally do some turret fighting or the odd troop directing. However 95% is kill the same 4 or 5 enemy types over and over.Only buy this when its on sale."
76561198010264883,Recommended,302510,21376538,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DestroXV,Really awesome game. A must have for one rainy weekend. Lots of fun - if a litle short lived
76561198217491685,Recommended,302510,21378986,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DirectX,This game is beautiful to look at. Probably the nicest looking graphics and animation I have seen in a while. The story line is also amazing.
76561198273804599,Recommended,302510,21448888,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Clockiit,Excellent game. Visuals are breathtaking and the fighting system is really great
76561198092705359,Recommended,302510,26016948,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LordofPotatoes,My favorite age in history.Great graphics.One of those stories that makes you wish they made a movie about it.Only sad thing is that once you are done with the campaign its not realy much exiting to do left...
76561198069039984,Recommended,302510,26077415,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CAP198462,"Ryse: Son of Rome is an alternate history 3rd person action game set during the reign of Emperor Nero (ca. 50-70 CE).IMMERSION: Immersion is attempted through environmental rendering, story, and combat. The story may prove immersive to players familiar enough with Roman history to recognise the references to Damocles, Nero, and the legion in general, though not so familiar that they are unwilling to accept the deviations. Environments are rendered very well and do immerse the player somewhat effectively, again familiarity with the period may prove useful. Finally, there is the combat, the combat is where the game seems to do well. Combat is quick and interactive with satisfying results for players able to achieve them. There is a slight amount of immersion attempted in stats management in the game, players are able to upgrade the player character, but these are not terribly immersive (7.5/15)DIFFICULTY: Difficulty is slightly impacted by controller issues (should one choose to use one) assuming one uses the playstation controller, the xbox should not have these issues. Difficulty is gross adjustment (easy, medium, hard). Upgrades to player character does impact this. However, the changes are not very well described though it is not terribly impactful on the game (7/15)LASTING APPEAL: A difficult to assess trait. The game is seemingly shallow, however the combat is satisfying enough to provide some appeal for players simply interested in Monty Python-Esque or Mortal Kombat stely blood fountains. It can safely be installed and uninstalled for quick bouts of bloodsport. It should, if played for the story last one week, but the bloodsport can extend that to a month or more. (7/15)CONCLUSION: The game fits in the same niche as ""Space Marine,"" ultra-violent bloodsport fun. It probably never would have achieved mass appeal. Still, what it does, it does well (7/15)"
,Recommended,302510,26078561,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Axodox,"What an adrenaline rush - just coming to it after a 100h long turn based RPG. It is not a long game, should take around only 8 hours to the end for most, but it proves to be a very intensive and enjoyable ride during that.On the side of visuals the graphics are superb, both technically and in art direction. The animations and specifically the mocap work for this game is very-very good and the characters in the game - and the actors bringing them alive do an exceptional job, I can hardly remember any game I played coming close to it in this area.The audio is also very good in this game, starting from the effects giving a punch - or many - to the battle, through the Hollywood level voice acting and ending in the musical support, which while won't change the world in itself, it really works well and gives much dramatic effect.The gameplay mechanic is rather simple, and mostly depends on well - or not so well - timed button presses to attack, block or evade (and some variations of these). There are a lot of quicktime events - they mean most of the gameplay even, but they are not taken so seriously as missing them is not punished unfairly. Some fights were on the harder side for me, but I could complete the game on normal with a few tries for some boss fights. The harder fights are usually the result of using the wrong technique although some reflexes are required in some fights near the end.I liked the story. And while it is not super deep or anything, but it is thought out and works well within the universe of the game, has likeable characters and the bad guys are also interesting.I haven't run into technical problems, although there were a few scenes were the FPS dropped unexpectedly, although it could be regained by pausing or alt-tabbing - I guess the game was probably loading something in the background.In overall this is good game, an absolutely enjoyable experience.8/10"
76561198030200253,Recommended,302510,25890115,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,OmarMaxPower,"got it for 5$, it was good for its price"
76561197994009234,Not Recommended,302510,25973380,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cream Fresh,"When I initially want to buy the game i thought the game reviews from the critics are quite harsh and want to give the game a chance.But it failed miserably, the game is poorly optimised with alot of frame drops even at the lowest settings. The game is very boring with repetitive hack and slash all the way with no variation or combo with my 4 hour gameplay. I cant continue because it get tiresome to play."
,Recommended,302510,21394809,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Arch Bisshop,Not bad. Could be better
76561197988210771,Recommended,302510,25908141,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,cyphrius,"One thing you must take note is that this is a very short game as you can seen by every other reviewer clock only 10 plus hours in it. Though the game is short, I have a very fun time in it. THe graphic is beautiful and the story is quite intirguing that will make you stay glue till you complete the game.This game is the sort of like watching a movie except you are in it. Very chill and enjoyable. Recommend for people that are finding a game that you can just played for one whole day without getting bored"
,Recommended,302510,26009529,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Praetorian11,"Repetitive moves is fine, but the story is good for people who love the story of centurions and Rome itself"
,Recommended,302510,26003510,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mubarak,It'a a fun game. Combat is repetitive but satisfying a bit. It looks gorgeous. The story is ok. Finished it in 6hrs.I would say pick it up in deep sale.
76561198175502887,Recommended,302510,26307486,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tetris God,Good if u like singleplayer games
,Recommended,302510,25858524,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,CPLWeeks,"'Ryse: Son of Rome' is more of an interactive narrative than a game.It's clearly a console port, and not all of the bugs have been worked out. Three times throughout the campaign I found myself, or mission-critical AI unable to proceed, and had to fall-back to a previous checkpoint because scenery, or other collidable NPCs were in the way.The control scheme make R:SoR feel more like 'Street Fighter: Rome', rather than an RPG. Expect to valiantly save the Roman Empire through the heroic execution of... quicktime events.From a personal perspective, the un-adjustable, third-person camera view is way too close up; to the point that I was leaning back from my monitor in an effort to see everything clearly.All that being said, if you can grab this game on sale, I recommend it. The story is good. It teaches a little Roman history, and features a handful of prominent personalities from the annals of the Roman Empire; albeit in a completely fictional context.The multiplayer is co-operative, and very enjoyable with a friend. I heartily recommend giving it a try.Pick this game up for under $10.00, and enjoy.Ave, General."
,Recommended,302510,23794961,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Roses N Doses,A Game like Film.
,Recommended,302510,26160973,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ESA Ranger,I realy like this game. i mean it looks hella good and it is fun at the same time! you do need a quite powerful pc to run it at the highest settings on 1080p or above.
76561198137760167,Recommended,302510,26222718,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RPGnosh,"Overall good game. The action is amazing and don't even get me started on the executions. Sadly, it is rather short. The story is pretty good. Graphics incredible. Voice acting is great. I guess my main complaints of the game is that it is very much button mashing (which gets a haybit old after a while), the short story, and...well I guess the stroy not being super crazy interesting? Really I don't have too many bad things to say about it. Well worth $15-$20.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKRzh87zeUo&index=1&list=PLk7gX_DRt96aW8z26RF7FjZM2seV-pnBq"
76561198067156980,Recommended,302510,26365489,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,KingRat,"This is just a lists of thoughts that i had when playing the game:While the game is very linear,  I find the story telling almost as if it was a movie.  Tons of cut-scenes throughout the entire preformance.  and characters you could actually like; unlike any Assassin's Creed games. more action then any Assassin's Creed game to this date.  And personally,♥♥♥♥ BASILIUS8/10 if bought on sale, not worth full $20"
,Recommended,302510,26357459,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ebusiangamers,"The graphics are marvelous.The singleplayer, while it is short, it stills manage to give the player a good taste of hack and slash game. One of my favorite moments is when I regroup my men and advance in formation, use shield to deflect arrows and counterattack with javelins.The multiplayer is fun but we dont have variety here. I wish that the game has more gamemode with more player slots.Definitely recommend this game, even on full price. 9/10"
76561198060715252,Recommended,302510,26346593,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GAZBOB,FUN !!!!!
76561198042157293,Recommended,302510,26354618,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,krev23,"Combat is satisfying but I would suggest you play the campaign in higher difficulty. Graphics superb as is sound.Story very convoluted and massive deviation from history. Annoying if you care about your fiction being loosely wrapped around actual history. Story spoilers followGame starts with Rome being sacked but by the Britons in the age of Nero. Bizarre as if game wanted to involve betrayal, a weak Rome and sacking by barbarians they could have set it in 410 when it was actually sacked by the Visigoths. Would have been much more satisfying than all the facepalm inducing moments in the story.Also game isn't very long and being an old game the multiplayer gladiator arena is a bit dead. You can tackle them solo and that's still quite fun and a good challenge though."
76561198015837272,Recommended,302510,26351766,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MichaelZ,I have red many bad reviews of this game and I didnt buy it at first. Got it after this looong time and im very sorry that i didn't bought it earlier. Game is really beautiful and story telling is amazing. Optimization sux and fighting doen't change much as you proceed but.. its a slasher game so what other people expected?I think this game is great and its 9/10. Certainly worth playing.
,Recommended,302510,24102649,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,-侍-,"9/10+ : Very good optimalisated, grapics, enjoyable, much action,- : Short gameplay"
,Recommended,302510,24101764,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ezah,"Ryse is Batman meets Uncharted, complete with a version of Batman's system without all of the extras that make Batman an amazing game, all of the built in over-the-top cinematics of Uncharted with none of the charismatic characters, and a whole bunch of mechanics thrown in that makes me wonder what could have been if they had picked one thing and made that their priority.As Marius, a soldier, centurion, and eventually general of the Roman Empire under Emperor Nero (a man who ranks in most general top 10 most hated people lists), you get to fight in a watered down Batman action combat style with executions that you don't even have to get the button presses right to get the kill, throw javelins with more power, accuracy, and speed than opposing archers, and lead the occasional Roman Phalanx into a hailstorm of bowmen, with timely button pressing leading your column to a rout over them.The focal point for the mechanics seems to be the Executions, as they can give one of health, extra XP, focus, or extra damage, and each one has an upgrade path. Executions are effectively QTEs, but each execution has a specific order (if you recognize the execution performed then the pattern is always the same), and honestly aren't that bad. I just don't understand why the button presses don't matter for anything other than points for leaderboards or some such thing; on the other hand, I'm glad they didn't matter because for much of the game, the animations would accelerate well past the actual prompts, so Marius would chop somebody's arm off before I was presented the blue button prompt.VerdictAs many holes as this game has, I actually really liked it, most likely because I had an idea of what to expect coming in and only paid $5 on sale. It was a huge flop in the ""Xbox One console seller"" category, but it's a pretty solid experience that doesn't overstay it's welcome (~6 hours long). It was also oh-so-satisfying to give Nero exactly what he deserved for being such a pompous blowhard and sellout.I give it a 6/10. It's a good, not great game being pulled in too many directions."
76561198012129100,Recommended,302510,24101784,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fishcake,"Maximus: Are you not entertained!?Me: Oh yeah!Great game for anyone looking for good graphics, good story, and easy but fun gameplay. A lot of reviews saying the gameplay is repetitive but can we not say the same for every game? Extremely satisfying kills that are awesome and hilariously funny! Wish the story could have been longer!"
,Recommended,302510,24095451,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,servo,"I remember playing this game when it first came out on XB1 when my buddy purchased it. I did not get to play it much but loved the graphics, really enjoyed the gameplay, thought it was somewhat repetitive at first, but still I love smash and bash games.I got the game on sale the other day and figured I would give it a go with my 360 controller on the PC... I also decided to pop the game onto my 32 inch HDTV instead of my 24inch monitor I generally play on. I have a Nvidia 960 GTX 4GB card, 8gb DDR2 RAM, and an old AMD Phenom Quad Core 9850 @ 2.6Ghz. The game is on low settings, looks amazing, but does get choppy during cut scenes, video sequences, and occasionally during gameplay... but not too much that it is unplayable.I have been incredibly entertained and happy playing this game on my ""big"" screen just like I have a console again, I wish more games utilized the 360 (or PS) controllers like this. I wish I had a stronger faster CPU, as I imagine that is the only thing dragging down the gameplay since the graphics card is pretty new and plays just about anything new out extremely well.I highly suggest this game while on sale or not, especially if you have a 2nd display, possibly larger, and an old 360 controller (and no console anymore)... it's been a blast. The SinglePlayer mode has been great, basic, but none the less fun to play. I was a little upset it seems nobody is playing the MultiPlayer modes, especially the Co-Op modes... they seem incredibly awesome (the idea of since I haven't played wth anyone yet)... More games like this are needed. I have loved the Solo Arena modes, they are extremely challenging but that is a good thing... get this game and lets play!"
,Recommended,302510,24009555,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,haryookey,"For Senate and People of Rome ! Veni,Vidi,Vici !"
76561198305048520,Recommended,302510,24060645,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AssassinxManny,"It was a fun game. I knew going into it that it was going to be repetative, so it didn't really bother me too much. The visuals were really good and the story was decent. If you can get this game on sale, I would totally recommed it. Especially if you like the roman culture."
,Recommended,302510,24059619,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GasResistantJew,One of the best games i have ever played expect this game's pc optimization is terrible. It's kind of short(i finished it at 7 hours) but its definetly worth buying.
76561198156729241,Recommended,302510,30812627,Posted: 29 March,all,Hornyskunk,7/10
76561198081202728,Recommended,302510,30813651,Posted: 29 March,all,Ceberus,Good GODGive the team that made this game a pat on the back!The graphics you can expect is from Chrysis except no exco skelleton armour but armed with a sword and shield and the power of revenge in the back of your head.It has been a while that I have played a game that you feel should be a movie - this game quality is that from the Batman series and detail to quality will leave you coming back for moreThe only down side is the fighting moves feel limited and wanting more guts and glory
,Recommended,302510,24082134,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Luucske,"what a great game! Love the story, the boos fights, the places. The only con is that the story is a little bit short. But idc about that, great battles, Easy to pick up.9/10 ~LuucskE"
,Recommended,302510,24082749,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ops.uralgopnikgrad,Dis is Glorious !!!
76561198060929664,Recommended,302510,24100651,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nythus,Spent 5$ would have spent 30$. Enjoyed every minute of it!
,Recommended,302510,24077938,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jaakko,Truly awesome storyline and combat system!
,Recommended,302510,24072001,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Its Ya Boi Skinny Penis,good graphics noone plays MP short campaign not worth ur money
,Recommended,302510,24233150,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,generalpickleful,the game fun i engjoyed it but the gliches on pc are ♥♥♥♥ing dum like during quick time it super speeds up so i cant even hope to block/attack and bosses that sometimes can 100% get past 10 doge rolls and get lots of hits the storys short but its worth he 4 $ i paid
,Not Recommended,302510,24909275,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Yankee Foxtrot,"The first Roman Era themed game was Shadow of Rome on Playstation 2. It was one of my best 20 PS2 videogames i have ever played. Some people would disagree with me, but my reasoning to buy this game is that it might be having some all-out Gladiatorial fights, with more choices of weapons that only you can find on the colliseum/arena. Turns out, i must say, i didn't get what i expect, and SoR is still better than this game in may aspects. Such as:-It takes 4 hours total gameplay for me to finish this game-Your in-game choices/strategies don't matter as long as keep slashing, bashing, blocking, and throw pilas-You never learn moves, nor does you have much attack variations.-Unfixed bugs"
76561197979311493,Not Recommended,302510,24892223,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Silence.QC,"This game was not designed for PC.You can't customize the keyboard keys.You have to remember the mapping between a controller and the keyboard (example: Blue = right click, Yellow = left click, etc.)Porting effort was very low."
76561198041739450,Recommended,302510,24897694,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jaxx,Cool story and a beautiful game. Amust have!
,Recommended,302510,26341736,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SPQR,"For me it is like Gladiator meets Mortal Combat in some way. Don't expect a complex game here, it's a bit like a railway shooter pacing you through a action movie, but I have had fun so far. I recommend to use a gamepad (or steam controller) for this game. Mouse is OK but when you are againt 3-4 at the same time you are faster with a gamepad."
76561198120480585,Recommended,302510,26539325,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Falcon3GS,WHAT ARE YOU WATING FOR  ????????????????????????????????TAKE IT  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198075388053,Recommended,302510,26480665,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Klishar,"A decent game, not for historical accuracy, but as an action game set in the Roman era. As Marius, you fight against barbarians, Roman praetorians, and in one instance, some gladiators.Any issues? Well, the camera is certainly an issue. Sometimes, when you're trying to deliver an execution and trying to get the best benefit from it (you have to time mouse button presses with the color that the enemy lights up), you'll be unable to see what color the enemy lights up. Even if it's not that, the camera feels a bit herky-jerky. And maybe it's just my machine, but I'd swear the framerate isn't a buttery-smooth 60 fps; it can get rather choppy at times.Still, I would recommend this game on single-player alone."
76561198170689503,Recommended,302510,26481494,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mr. Memes,Yeah.
,Recommended,302510,26562351,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,dax.asd #DeusVult! ✠,"Played it a bit. It was so boring and repetetive, that I played the campagne five times. Multiplayer sux. Still at LVL 200"
76561198027533737,Recommended,302510,26562460,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BlacDarg,Excellent!
76561197971807620,Recommended,302510,17713934,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,dr house besuch,"Well, Graphics are awesome, the whole presentation is top notch-the game mechanics are pretty limited. It's simply a hack and slay qte based game, even Assassins creed needs more skill. The simple defense games don't change much of the gameplay. oh, and you can throw spears, too.But as a whole, with the adaquate but not very good story in mind (basically a revenge story) and the very good graphics, I would say a solid 70 auf of a 100. A must buy, when it's on sale."
76561198094397298,Recommended,302510,23989546,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,@sh,Dont know why ppl hate this gamethis is a pretty decent game ( probably becuz i got it for 5$)
,Recommended,302510,25878901,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,theamazingal,"Finally got round to playing through, was never that exicted due to the poor reviews but I enjoyed my play through.  Id really recommend it in a sale. Particulary if you have the spec to really make the most of it.  Stunning."
,Recommended,302510,26068145,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,heiman555,"Amazing graphics, nice gameplay & story !! Overall 10/10 !!!"
,Recommended,302510,26186923,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TomPlusGames,"I really enjoyed this game.It's quite formulaic and a little repetitive at points, but it looks really nice and the story is good too. The boss battles can be a little frustrating because they're repetitive as well, and you can't unlock new weapons.Overall, this is a decent game. There aren't many titles out there that are set in Roman times that look as good as this one.7/10 from me."
,Recommended,302510,30893028,Posted: 1 April,all,Libération,"Loved the story and theme. Bought it on sale, and it's worth it."
,Recommended,302510,26154758,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[L1] Fifi,;)
76561198022868647,Recommended,302510,26149986,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,zuzu,cool
,Recommended,302510,21170846,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Olegarh_,The Emperor of the Romans tells his story. I recommend this game!Римлян рассказывает императору свою историю. Я советую всем эту игру!
,Recommended,302510,26161997,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CAPTAIN ★ MARVEL,เกมสนุกชิบเป๋งบอกเลย ท่าสโลเท่ๆ  ท่าต่อสู้จะซ้ำซากหน่อยช่วงตอนจบแม่มเท่ชิบหาย เกมนี้ให้เต็ม 10 ว่ะ สนุกชิบ เหมือนดูหนัง 300
,Recommended,302510,26137673,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TheWalrusWhisperer,"The story and visuals were good but the gameplay got stale after a while, most of the campaign was very similar and blends together in my memor. I would pick the game up if its on a good sale, but otherwise no."
76561198069564845,Recommended,302510,20093319,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Suca,The best graphics ever...The story is fanscinatingThe length is way too short8/10
76561197969814535,Recommended,302510,20094659,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lysader,"The game is very simple, has nice graphics and is quite a lot fun to play. But - it is simple. Perfect for a short after work break."
76561198156245108,Recommended,302510,30666063,Posted: 22 March,all,Jmigs,"AWESOME GAME !!!!!! :D LOVE IT, since I am a fan of ROMAN HISTORICAL GAMES and etc. :D"
76561198051372326,Recommended,302510,20116738,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MartinFallon213,"I just finished it. The first game I have done so to in a long time, sad as that sounds. I love the Roman theme. The action and story was very satisfying. The graphic sword play was amazing. Truly one of the best and most satisfying games I have played in a long time. If anyone has games they know of much like this one, please message me and tell me.I give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,302510,20100516,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Goshen,A wonderful game for someone who enjoys history and does not mind action games. The scenes of Rome and Britannia were awesome. Game is not super long however it is very fun.
76561198023170246,Recommended,302510,20131091,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vociferant,Great game. Recommended
,Recommended,302510,19846684,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,knil,"Great game, very short. Multiplayer is dying. But extremely worth it for 20 dollars."
76561198049093949,Recommended,302510,19889546,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,limmper,This game has a great story and everything but the combat get a bit repetative but still a great game
76561197998464850,Recommended,302510,19889939,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Grims3id,"The main story line is pretty short but makes up for it being really fun. The gameplay reminds  me of the batman, shadows of mordor in that you need to press a button to counter. It was colored (played with microsoft controller) for me, so it was simple (also played it on normal).  There's also a gladiator/arena mode but I didn't get much into it because it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off half the time because I guess your not a roman general and your has to character sucks. Overall, it was a fun game that kept me playing till the end. And the reason why I have 16hours of play is because I left it on for about 10hours minimized..lol."
,Recommended,302510,17514389,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,начальник,Campaign only took me 6 hours but they were 6 of the best hours i have ever spent.
,Recommended,302510,19943088,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,xXxKlemminator6969xXx,"A short but aestetic and powerful game:Pros:-The scenery and art of the game is breathtaking; i just love the design and art that was put into this game.-The story was great, my only beef with it was the ending which I felt kinda sucked; probably will play it again.-Gorgeous combat, you really get a feel for those executions-Likeable charactersCons:-Considering you buy this for the story, it was pretty short (I got 6-7 hours out of it)-Combat gets repetitive; its awesome at first but then you get bored since its always the same animations-Multiplayer is dead-Poor performance. This was build for the xbox and you feel it. My computer is pretty decent, I can run battlefield 4 on high nearing ultra settings, and this game automatically put me on max settings, yet i always got massive lag in some areas, which was really annoying. I was running the game at a solid 50 fps but once I started moving or going into combat it would drop horrendously to 6 fps for a few secounds.Final:I'd rate this game a 7/10. I bought it during the steam sale for 6 dollars and I honslt would not pay more than 15 dollars for this. Its a great game for visual ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and cool combat, but its not the type of game you get exited for after a few hours. I'm probably not gonna play the story more than twice. That being said, its defenitly worth playing once and feeding your eyes with the pretty architechture, landscapes and combat."
76561198058895411,Recommended,302510,19944955,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Flaming_Crossbow,"I had to turn some settings down to get decent fps on a 750ti, but still beautiful graphics. Great hack and slash game. Nice and interesting historical storyline and footage. Love it so far."
76561198116134779,Recommended,302510,19987378,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ONO,Not a bad game at low price. Good mechanic but short linear story. Finished it in less than 8 hours.
76561198031444906,Recommended,302510,19987432,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bill Shamrock,Game is well polished and very straight forward. Go here kill some guys witness some epic stuff kill some more guys cut scene and repeat. But the combat system it fun and easy to work with. I only ever find the game gets hard when your fighting alot of guys all at once.All in all I like it thumbs up looks good too.
,Recommended,302510,19904933,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Matricea,"Hi, my name is Marius. In this game I play as me and it is amazing, unreal, an unique experience for someone who has such as special name. I believe that this is the only game where the protagonist's name is Marius. Being able to hear my name acclaimed by all those Romans is simply speechless. If you're name is not Marius, you have no idea how good it was to hear my name acclaimed like that after a battle. The graphics are... I have no words... 10/10. A superb game!"
,Recommended,302510,19990838,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,EyelessCrow,"Fun game if you like cut em up gory action, quite repetative, and has a rather short story...but it sure is fun making your enemies give an arm and/or a leg for Rome, even if they don't have a choice in the matter. Didn't try the multiplayer but I can't imagine that has a healthy enough playerbase to put time into, although I could be wrong.On the technical side it does seem to get a little choppy, I have a gtx 970 in my machine and no matter what graphics setting I had it on whether low or max would stop it from getting super low frame rates at times.Advice, pick it up on sale like I did (winter sale) or not at all. Only if you are okay with a short game with fun albeit repetative action."
,Recommended,302510,20309495,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mesyar,"Recommend it for the storyPros+The story part was great.+Graphics are stunning+Soundtrack+Voice actingCons-Gameplay can be repetitive-Cannot customize control-I got seldom stuttering issue, maybe once every 5 minute,not annoyingbut it's stuttering (GTX 970)-Short story"
,Recommended,302510,20301354,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BountyHunter252,a great game i love the graphics adn the story and everything
76561198061406241,Recommended,302510,20301774,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kid on crack,Very nice game with a good story but a little bit short
,Not Recommended,302510,20327053,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pretojudas,"Repetitive gameplay, fake history, no exploration, overpowered character.This game is truly beautiful, and has stunning visuals, but besides that, it doesn't worth the buy."
76561198071852245,Recommended,302510,20316969,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Auman5,Killed a crapload of barbarians in HD.  Not worth full price considering Single player campaign is only about 5 hours long but it's worth it if you get it during a steam sale. The multiplayer is pretty fun too. Could be optimized better but everyting looks fantastic.  Make sure you meet the minimum PC requirements before buying the game.   Overall 7.5/10
76561198122154741,Recommended,302510,20315427,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Focus,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,302510,20311100,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Edu27,ÓTIMOOOOOOOOOO
76561197976437872,Not Recommended,302510,20311542,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,예수님,repetative and boring. looks good but its literally the same thing over and over again. buy at your own risk
76561198027402998,Not Recommended,302510,20337604,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,rkoons,"The games graphics are incredible, lighting and skin textures are very well done.BUT...  The game play is just aweful. Keyboard or controller commands are taxing at best.Typical 5-10 against 1 scenarios. And then you have a classic BOSS fight... YAWN.3 out of 5 ONLY Because of the graphics"
,Recommended,302510,20340555,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JD,----------------------------------------------------------------------Achievement Unlocked!----------------------------------------------------------------------Bought the game because there is a Nanosuit on it!
,Recommended,302510,21902923,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dubzac,"After turning om ACIP mode in Bois.It stoped my hardisk from crashing the game, allthough I had many minuites buffing and frezzing the game only to resume a few seconds later.Kind of ruinned the imersion.But none the less here is what i thought of it.bosses where a major chanage as there is no help online with understanding some of the fuction like RLB with Spacebar On the PC versionConfusing to use should RMB and SPace bar for shield instead it should of just been RMB IMOFPS was all over the place and massive slowdowns in much of the detailed areasNone the less it was fun and the story although half fictional and half history a good change some the standard same old hack and slash games.the grahpics where far beyond words it was really nice to the point of mind blowingAI is really smart (no dumb bots here guys/girls lol)It has to be the hardest games i ever played and always on egde.Completed  the game in 7 hours and very happy with the story IMONote: IDE Mode tends to crash the game."
76561198088663890,Recommended,302510,21905542,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,AP LOKAJ,one of my favorites!! BLOODY! GORY! full of brytal combos! nice graphics and a good storyline!
76561198040323973,Recommended,302510,21906592,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Stop Talking,"This game is just...wow.So much epic moments, so nice graphics, so good music, such a good atmosphere and an over the top combat system.The story and game play are only linear, it feels like watching a movie.Awesome 10/10"
76561198116728128,Recommended,302510,21896247,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MONKEY,"is good game pretty, story was good, one flaw is a quicktime event heavy all the time... however...[spoilers] saw a guy get thrown on to his own statue holding a sword. youll understand =P [spoilers]"
76561198015660227,Recommended,302510,21876708,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Cortez,"Fairly short, but simply underrated."
,Recommended,302510,18207353,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright","Get it now on sale if you haven't did yet.-It has beautiful graphics, very well optimized, includes all DLCs, the story line may be repetitive, but I really enjoyed it, especially if you play it for the achievements."
76561198063901997,Recommended,302510,23321783,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,XAssassin64,An amazing Game it offers a great story that will have you wondering whats going to happen next every min. I really love this game please if you want a game that offers Assassin Creed like Combat and a mix of Red Dead Redemptions story type try this game out.
,Recommended,302510,23328766,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Thrawn,"It's an okay game - a great tech-demo of the Xbone's technical skills as a console - but man, it gets tedious with its gameplay. There's only so many times I can execute the same 3-4 enemies with the same 5-7 executions (double executions, while adding another 2-3, are difficult to pull off thanks to the consolitis aspect of ""the game wants to magnetically attract you to attacking the same enemy"" which means that you'll likely accidentally slaughter the guy you were trying to weaken, in order to do a double execution) without getting bored. That can sum up my irritation with the game - the enemies are tedious, repetitive, and boring, and the executions are the same. The combat itself LOOKS beautiful - like a movie - but it's just dull.However, the game is absolutely beautiful. I don't know if I've ever seen better facial animations in a video game. The cutscenes are pre-rendered video files, locked to 60fps for smoothness (which explains why the game download is like, 50GB in size) which is obnoxious if you have a super-powerful computer, but it does make the cutscenes look amazing 99% of the time (1% is pixelation motion blur in the video file).The story is average - a bit predictable at some points (hello parents) and in other times, haunting and sad. Your final boss, for example, is really someone who I wished you formed an alliance with. And indeed, I was surprised when the game didn't go that way.All in all, I still recommend it. But I wouldn't pay more than $10 for it, when it goes on sale. It's a beautiful tech demo with an ""average"" story, but the gameplay is dull enough that you might not make it to the end."
76561198061139163,Recommended,302510,23226765,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Momsbasement78,"Was a cool game. love the cinematics. Pretty laid out plan of attack. But I loved it either way. Cool graphics and all that. Either way, if I didn't like any part of it, was worth the low price I paid at the time.  I like my historic games. If you like hack and slash and some cool cinematics and storyline.  You will enjoy this, and cheaper the better.  If it ends up being 10 to 20 bucks. maybe."
,Recommended,302510,23444748,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zen089,"Pretty awesome game.Pro: Great cutscenes, good story line, swtiching between single combat and team combatCon: Fighting is pretty repetitive, just get the right combos. Not much variation in enermies. Cant skip cutscenes.Overall enjoyed it a lot."
76561198061912207,Recommended,302510,23002830,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CastleZ,It's ok for 4hrs gameplay :P
76561198014329992,Recommended,302510,22984332,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Burt Reynolds' Bearskin Rug,Most fun I ever had sitting in the same spot for 6.3 hours. Period.
76561198079160052,Recommended,302510,22996283,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,nomino,"Despite not being remebered as a game masterpiece, I really enjoyed to play this game.The graphics it is really outstanding, a pleasure for your eyes... Some scenes are epic, and truly emotional. I was looking for a game like this one for a long time.I reccomend this game to everyone who liked the Gladiator movie, or just want to spend a dozen of hours playing for fun!"
76561198003586786,Not Recommended,302510,22732022,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Turrican,"I really cannot bring myself to finish this.  It's such a shame.  The production values of the game are outstanding.  So are the graphics, atmosphere, music, voice acting.  It's all phenomenal.So, why the thumbs down?  Aside from the game being extremely linear, the entire gameplay centers around melee combat.  This might not be an issue if the combat was any good but in Ryse it is the most repetitive eye-gougingly dull fare you could ever imagine.  Added to that there are approximately 3 enemies in the whole game and you simply fight hundreds of clones of them, again and again and again.Truly an awful waste of so much tremendous work. It's not often I get halfway through a game and would rather do anything else than go on to complete it.  An sad example of style over substance.  What a shame."
76561198015495406,Recommended,302510,22707610,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,jayfreck,"I was surprised how good this game was.  Stunning graphics, good gameplay and just long enough for the relatively simple combat to not get boring.  The voice acting and character animation is great too.  Even the story is pretty decent.  Recommended if you like violent fighting games."
76561198031102972,Recommended,302510,27006118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koar,Solid Gameplay and story
76561198043780805,Recommended,302510,27027479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jakhaal,Best Historical RPG in my opinion!Time to be a true son of Rome!
,Recommended,302510,25439326,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Razorblade,"After playing Ryse for a while it became one of my favorite games.I finally bought this game although it received mediocre reviews an I do not regret it as it is really fun, refreshing and it opens a new way of telling/playing stories.The (voice) acting is great, the dialogs are really worth listening and the atmosphere is dense.The game itself is a bit like an interactive movie telling the story of a roman warrior named Marius on its way through Rome. The game offers great visuals animations and an atmoshperic soundtrack.I only played the single player campaign so far.Prographics, visuals and animationsound, soundtrack, voice acting(I personally like) the setting (Rome, jungle, dark woods...)intense and fast paced combatstory is greatcharactersnot too much RPG, it is still an action game not focusing on charater buildConsa bit too shortHopefully there will be a sequel."
,Recommended,302510,27476637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tzuyu,game for waste time lol
,Recommended,302510,27899242,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"Mantis Toboggan, MD",hell of a game for $5.
76561198070023167,Recommended,302510,27985060,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Don`t Panic,"Good stuff: Amazing grafics, epic art like executions, great story.Bad stuff: Simple and way to short :/All and all great game."
76561198006876766,Recommended,302510,21141065,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,StarboyxD,"""Ryse: Son of Rome""If you are looking for a game that brings back the Glory of Rome, the famous Roman legionairs, the old battle's and way of life back in the days, well don't look further!Great graphics with pretty nice sound effects!!The executions are really sweet! with the emotions seen on their faces and the bloodshed spoiled out from their bodies is almost the best thing of the game.Ive only played the campaign mode, knowing their is a entire multiplayer for the game but its not getting in to me...The gameplay and its story are amazing, but surely too short in my opinion... they could bring so much more into the story unfortunatlyNever the less its still beautifull and impressive how they brought ""The Old Rome"" back to its former glory!Bought the game for 6,49 euro's (steam sale) but its definitly worth around 10 euro'sSatisfaction guaranteed!"
,Recommended,302510,30965229,Posted: 5 April,all,[YTMH] Argon,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third-person action fighting game where you play as the Roman soldier Marius Titus.To the Story:The Story is written in a flshback-style. It starts off a bit rough until you know that it is one a few minutes into the game. It plays in ancient Rome with some supernatural touches. The Story itself is very linear; you don't have any dialouge options. It is also not very long. I finished it in about 6 hours. Although that's a small minus for me, it was a good story. The characters and their behaviour is very well thought out and the player builds a relationship to them quickly. By playing the game and finding some hidden scrolls you get a more in-depth look into the story, comics of important scenes and drawn pictures of some really nice scenery. This is a really nice touch to the game.So packed into one sentence:Although the story doesn't give you many choices, it has enough depth and builds suspense.The Gameplay:The Controls are easy to learn and explained to you in the first few minutes. Difficulty can be changed at all times. The fighting is mostly fast-paste with a few exceptions. By progressing further into the story you come across more and more difficult enemies and bosses. As a commander you can order your troups in some battles, which has an influence on the style of the battle. A minus i found is that there seems to be no way to jump cutscenes. I normally watch all cutscenes, but when you lost against a boss and start back at a checkpoint, you sometimes have to watch entire cutscenes all over again.Easy to learn controls and a not too boring gameplay through new challenges in every part of the game.Graphics and map design:The game runs on the Cryengine, which is visible at first sight. The graphics are just simply stunning. What you can see on the screenshots in the spotlight is what you get. The level of detail not only on the NPCs and the player but also on every level is one of the highest you can get. Along with these superb graphics come very natural and smooth animations and facial expressions. This is why you can make an accurate image of the characters you see throughout the story. I have a pretty high-end system, but because this was made for Xbox One, the performance should also be pretty good on smaller gaming systems.The graphics are just simply stunning and level design is good.Conclusion:Pro:Short but interesting storyCharacters have depth and get displayed through good voice-acting and animationEasy to learn controls and challenging gameplayVeryrealistic graphics and lighting at top performanceSmooth and realistic looking animations (with a few exceptions regarding background NPCs)Contra:No choices in the story itselfLevel design is mostly linear with only a few other possible routes at mostCutscenes seem to be unskippable, which can be a problem (e.g. Bossfights)I give this game a 7/10. It has an interesting story, good gameplay and really good graphics, but lacks some simple gameplay options like manual saving, skipping cutscenes and doesn't give the player the option to shape the story."
76561198300919003,Recommended,302510,27976116,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,prodigyofguns,i recommend this game if you have a beast pc although even then this game has fps drops like crazy. the game itself is really fun and interesting. The story is kind of short but if you pick it up on a discount you should get it.
,Recommended,302510,27946134,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SPOOKY GHOST HYENA,The gladiator mode is pretty rad for ♥♥♥♥ing around mindlessly.
76561198059534275,Recommended,302510,20424622,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tapioca,"A great button-smashing, hack-and-slash game. Some would consider the campaign to be short, but I say that it is has just the right balance of length, action, and plot-value to keep Players playing without having them abandoning it.8.0/10"
,Recommended,302510,21013312,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Bushido,"Its soo epic, worth every penny.graphics alone are impressive, and the combat is fluid.25 dynamic coliseum stages for  co op ....? im down.."
76561198058137958,Recommended,302510,21246882,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,shooterboss1,"Note to players:The in-game VSync option limits the framerate to 30fps for some weird reason. I suggest against using it.I have to say: Ryse: Son of Rome seems like the game that was made for me. I'm a huge fan of hack and slash games and couldn't resist buying this game when it was on sale.Pros:- amazing visuals, not surprising considering it's a launch title intended to showcase the graphical capabilities of the new console generation- well optimized. My R9 280X can run this game at a solid 60fps on ultra high graphics settings (with VSync off of course)- pretty engaging storyline. It's nothing amazing, but it gets the job done.- good voice acting. Good acting in general really.Cons:- repetitive gameplay. You'll eventually get used to the same execution animations over and over.- lack of variety. You get hack and slash segments followed by turret sections. You can see the developers attempting some variety, but it's not really enoughI can easily see why someone might not like Ryse, but I personally couldn't put the game down while I was playing it and constantly wished it wouldn't end."
76561198114485165,Recommended,302510,21279897,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ssjgoku16,this game is just awesome.but needs a detailed combat system and difficult BOSS FIGHTS and better optimization
76561198274328969,Recommended,302510,22553177,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,beeman122002,"I only recommend this game at a sale price. This game is just too short with too few things to do to buy at full price. Doesn't run too terribly well on PC as some sequences would take me down into single-difit frame rates, and, with my 980 Ti only running at 1080p on ultra, this shouldn't be happening. Visually stunning game, and that's all it really does well."
76561197964725084,Recommended,302510,22416241,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ryzaann,"The graphics are gorgeous, and I have my fair share of kill-everything-that-moves fun... for the current price (or even lower (19.99€)) it is worth it..."
,Recommended,302510,22418745,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Invasion,A beautiful and bloody game.
,Recommended,302510,22417793,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,JimtheSFN,"Just finished my first playthrough of the game and it was a great experience.Combat/Story/Environment/Music did a great job making this into a game I enjoyed a lot.I did enjoy the story and it was told very well.The combat was fun and challenging at times.The negative thing I have to way about the game that it was way to short. Around 7 hours was all it took to beat it at the highest difficulty level I could pick at my first playthrough.I do for sure recommend this game as I did play it all through in one evening and couldn't let it go.""Quemadmoeum gladis nemeinum occidit, occidentis telum est"""
,Recommended,302510,22393045,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Magh hellcase.comgift-drop.com,"Pros       : Awesome graphics, cool game play and a nice story.Cons      : Camera can be a pain in the bass, story mode is like 6-7 hours.But multiplayer mode can be fun, and only in MultiPlayer mode you can have some items.Overall I think it is a MUST buy when it is on sale. But if you buy it when it is not sale you'll love it anyways. 8/10"
,Recommended,302510,22401738,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MahtXL,Its a decent but short game. There are some performance quirks even on my machine that FAR exceeds rec specs. So be mindful of that. Get it on sale and its worth it ($5)
,Not Recommended,302510,22398951,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Krill Bill,"Short, buggy."
,Recommended,302510,22394666,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Phill Wide,"Great story and nice graphics, however the combat system is bit broken."
,Not Recommended,302510,22377448,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Haryo25,"First of all, I appreciate Crytek because this game's graphic is so excellent. Not many game developer have budgets to make a game this beautiful. But, I am disappointed with the game. The story is cliche, it's about avenging Rome and destroying people who wants to destroy Rome. And I guess this game has only litte replayability.If you want to buy this game, I recommend you to buy it when it's on sale. Otherwise, it's not worth the price."
76561198048636485,Recommended,302510,22336016,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Captain Cumbeard,
,Recommended,302510,22207765,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,AgentofPhunk,"Fun game.  Beat the first go around on Centurian level in about 7 hours.  I will more than likely play it again on Legendary.  The graphics are outstanding and the combat system is basically block, shove, slash.  It's fluid though and taking on a group of barbs is enjoyable.  I wouldn't get it at $20 I would wait until it goes back on sale for $5.  10/10 if paying $5."
76561198035302031,Not Recommended,302510,22207873,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,tunesbybill,"Seriously?  This game should have been great, but there is no option to invert your Y axis for looking around.  Really?!  Had I played a demo and found this I would not have purchased the game.  I played less than 10 minutes because I look the wrong direction constantly.  Not worth the 5 dollars I paid for it.  Skip this game and just replay any of the Batman series."
76561197970146960,Recommended,302510,22220712,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Smokinnn',"I don't often review games, but this one took my by surprise...pleasantly!!!I don't often play beat 'em ups, but I made an exception for this game as watching videos of it definitely showed potential.Pros:The combat:  Wow, it feels so awesome when you time blocks and initiate a rampage of combos destroying all in your path....totally awesome!!!The story line:  Again, I don't like to watch movies when I play a game.  With that in mind, I felt totally immersed in the story line and cutscreens in this game.  So far (about 1/2 way through the game), I love the voice acting and the story and not once have I felt ""ok, enough, lets get back to the combat"".Controls:  At first I hated the controls, but pretty quickly I grasped the concepts then it became really fun.  Many people have pointed out you can't customize the keyboard layout.  I didn't feel I needed to at all.  I play everything on mouse/keyboard even though I do own a joystick and joypad.  Once I got use to the basics, the colour coding was great and I had no issues.Price:  I think I payed $5.00 for this (certainly less than 10).  Within 15 minutes I felt like I had made my money and it was money very well spent!Cons:Framerate:  Really the big one is the occasional framerate issues.  At times it was horrible (of course you are in the middle of a big fight and it happens at a crucial moment).  The horrible moments were maybe 3x so far, but there are other occasional slow downs.  I've utilized some of the suggestions that others have posted to get smother game play, so I could have optimized things better for sure.  Again, not an issue very often, just annoying and destroys the immersion factor for a minute.The tutorial:I really didn't like the tutorial aspects of the game and felt that there were 2 issues.  1)  The words often disappeared quickly and I couldn't tell what they were telling me to do.  2) At times the descriptions were too vague.Camera angles:  At times you are fighting and you have a great streak going (50-75 hits in a row) but the camera angle for that attack doesn't let you see the MOB who's snuck up behind you hitting you once and destroying your streak.....boooooo!  Again, thankfully I don't think this happend more than a handful of times, but really annoying when it did.Overall, for fun factor, I give this game a 10/10 (especially for the price).  If you are looking for a combat game with fairly simple controls you can jump into and OWN hundreds of baddies, this is a great option!  Keep in mind that graphically it will challenge some video cards, but if you don't mind decreasing some of the options to improve framerate, it is FUN and I highly recommend it!"
76561198071251327,Recommended,302510,29894115,Posted: 13 February,all,Rustam,Very good game
,Recommended,302510,22197415,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr MERICA,"So far this game... Is amazing im attached to it allready and played only a little bit. The combat is amazing and if you want a game where you can get emotionally attached to a charachter whilst still having combat and action. This game is for you.  The graphics are beautiful, the only thing that sucks is with some cutscenes it gets glitchy and laggy but thats my PC's fault not the game. Upgrading your hero is the way to win the game, if you dont upgrade you die...10/10 would Die for Rome again"
76561198055745580,Recommended,302510,22206997,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DΛBBking,"Very good game, if you want to play a 5-6 hour amaizing campaing game. Not very skill based so it's relaxing to play. 4/5 becouse i got lag sometimes."
76561198076197370,Recommended,302510,22196743,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Piss^Ant,Very enjoyable game 10/10just finished the game and loved it; The  story-line and the button smashing epic killing everythingworth the coin friends
,Recommended,302510,22224367,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,titaneagle,"Great game, I love it."
,Recommended,302510,22224629,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Olitiger,Amazing. One of the best games that I have played in a long time.
76561198034327508,Recommended,302510,31442691,Posted: 29 April,all,Gen. Warfield,"I was able to aquire a PC powerfull enough to play this game after some long time since it's realease. So I played the storyline on easy and hard mode and some stuff on the side.It's awesome. I mean, it's just great. The story is based upon the Roman Empire conquest of Britain, but the events in the game do not follow a actual historical fact. The story is fictional but very good, very entertaining and very worth playing.You can feel the raw power of the war engine that was the Roman Empire and understand what quality over quantity truly means.PS: Buy it when it's on sale if you have a low budget or if you're unsure about it."
,Recommended,302510,31410138,Posted: 27 April,all,SSG L.Matney[173rd],"The game is good. Doesn't innovate much. You can definitely tell in one glance where pretty much the entirety of the production efforts went. It's no Witcher 3, but it is visually stunning and it should get credit for that. Gameplay-wise, it's not bad. Nothing we haven't seen before, but not terrible. The voice acting, sound, music, it all fits the atmosphere. The story is good... for maybe a first time playthrough. It's good. Predictable at it's worse, but not worth playing twice. The multiplayer is pretty basic and I find it more enjoyable than For Honor, though it won't gain that type of recognition sadly. So, if you've got a few extra bucks and some time to kill, it's not a bad game."
76561198012641861,Not Recommended,302510,31407627,Posted: 27 April,all,Gotham's Santa,"This game is really not that good. The combat is repitive, the story is linear and boring. It is very pretty tho."
76561198052119000,Recommended,302510,31409581,Posted: 27 April,all,Plank Tonn,Fortis fortuna adiuvat
76561198152749606,Recommended,302510,31454844,Posted: 29 April,all,ocaoyy,"Pros:+Fluent, easy to learn gameplay and combat+Beautiful graphics (especially in 1440p)+Good progression system+Trading CardsCons:-No one is on multiplayer-Short Story, not much to do afterwards-Low replayabilityGet it on sale."
76561198079031782,Recommended,302510,31517361,Posted: 2 May,all,comicmansam,"Pretty solid game. The Story was awesome! The gameplay was repetitive and if the game was too much longer, it would have gotten boring. The gameplay is fairly similar to the Arkham games if all Arkham games focused on was fighting and were super linear. This game basically just focuses on combat, but the frequent and consistent new variations of animations was able to hold my attention. Altogether, I really liked it, but it's not for everyone."
76561198124466305,Recommended,302510,31548458,Posted: 4 May,all,InsaneShotz00 csgobig.com,"Rating: 6.5/10Overview: Third Person Action/AdventureThe Good:+ Beautiful Graphics and Presentation+ Every level features unique environments and atmosphere+ The story although cliché is presented very well with fantastic voice acting. It does a decent job of holding the entire game together.+ Gladiator arena has you completing a series of objectives while fighting off waves of enemies. Sadly though multiplayer is almost dead so you have to stick to solo maps.The Average:+/- Combat consists of light, heavy attacks, dodging and blocking. Hit the enemy enough times and you can do an execution move granting you either health, experience, damage or focus. Doing executions slows things down requiring a QTE, it looks cool but after 30 minutes of playing you quickly become bored of seeing them all the time.+/- Plenty of upgrades for your character yet non-of them feel significant. This is becoming a trend among developers who feel the need to have some RPG mechanic in the game without bothering to really flesh things out. Upgrades exist for the sake of having upgrades. The difference between a starting character and maxed out character by the end of the game doesn’t feel all that different.The Bad:- The gameplay can get very repetitive very fast. Every level is structured in almost the same way. Kill enemies in combat, proceed through linear corridors and repeat.- Not only does the game lack enemy variety, every enemy is killed in almost the same way.- Despite having a system above recommended requirements my framerate was all over the placeConclusion:If you value graphics and flash over gameplay and substance you will enjoy your time with this game. Sadly though, the gameplay formula wears itself out relatively quickly leaving you to do the same tasks repeatedly. Despite all the chaos in the level, the arrows flying overhead, the explosions everywhere…..the game feels boring at times. This is a good first attempt at a new series but I feel a sequel to really flesh out the combat and gameplay would go a long way."
76561198008222626,Recommended,302510,31708496,Posted: 12 May,all,hibbi88,"Yes, it's a hack and slash at heart, but with a decent story and surprisingly good characters and voice acting. Fluid combat and decent graphics. Would recommend."
76561198052545017,Recommended,302510,31670672,Posted: 10 May,all,Hīrā-shin (Heiler),"Just finished the game. Cried a bit at the final.So, the game is about 6 hours long. Not that much. Still worth the 20 bucks. In 6 hours you get quite a bit character developement, a few touching moment and a satisfying end. Im quite sure Marius is a demigod thou. Hed have died years ago if not :DBossfights are a bit weak, but I took that bullet fo the story."
,Recommended,302510,31873952,Posted: 20 May,all,memo,"I was left speachless with the game so far !!The game look soooooooo good on a rx480 max everything 1080p (supersampling x2)I honestly spent more time enjoying looking at the scene, the background, light effects and the like more than playingthe characters facial design ain't the best, but the other aspects are ... WOWIt's been a while since a game had left this kind of impression on me, and i am a the kind of player who don't care about graphics ! (will gladly spend x00hours on a indie like rimworld than chassing the best looking game out there)But this game.... man it look THAT good !would really love a RYSE 2 (and i didnt even played 10% of the first lol)Who knew cryengine in a non shooter will provide such results"
76561198054079908,Recommended,302510,31898742,Posted: 22 May,all,RnG,Enjoyed it very much
,Not Recommended,302510,31792795,Posted: 16 May,all,Grim Reaper Omega,After 4 years the crashes after the cutescenes havent been fixed for a lot of players including me
,Recommended,302510,31813357,Posted: 17 May,all,EricTries,+beautifull visuals+you feel like a badass Legionnaire+its very satisfiying to perfectly pull of executions+you can chop through waves of barbarian hordes-which unfortunatley all look the same-the combat is very shallow-not very challenging
76561198007655039,Recommended,302510,31829682,Posted: 18 May,all,ByteTheDust,A decent story and good combat with some quick time events that aren't overdone.It still looks incredible four years on too. Worth a purchase.
,Recommended,302510,31837542,Posted: 19 May,all,dominikabra,"Good game, entertaining and visually impeccable. A hack&slash that can get repetitive on a long run, but if you play it in small doses (say, a level each time) it becomes a very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,302510,31826109,Posted: 18 May,all,[ЯтR]  A.O.D,"This is actually a really good game if you can appreciate it for what it is. It is histroically inaccurate in so many ways, and it is riddled with cliches , but if you look at it as being a really fun 'casual' kind of combo attack slasher in a linear story mode and don't expect it to be anything else other than that you will enjoy it. it's not meant to be a roman warfare simulator, it's a 3rd person slasher that usses a Roman theme, when I play it i view it almost like you're playing a game about a legend of rome where of course this couldnt ever happen but you're playing it in the way that a legend is told how one man is this incredibly warrior and can do all these great things etc..., the game is not meant to be the greatest thing ever. It plays very similar to the Lord of the Rings games from 2003 - 2004, where its a linear level story line with combo attacks, with a mixature of a sniper eliete sort of field for all the satisyfing execution kill moves. honestly its a great game to just kind of zone out to and kill a few minutes with, short story mode.TL;DR : Buy it on sale, for cheap its a great fun game if you just accept it as a slasher game with a roman theme that is not historucially accurate with rly cliche characters but in a way it's really fun because it's so cliche and over the top that its actually good for the type of game that it is."
76561198032621738,Recommended,302510,31854526,Posted: 19 May,all,^4Sons ^3Of ^1Odin,love it
76561198357097285,Recommended,302510,31903473,Posted: 22 May,all,Alexander,"RECOMMENDEDPeople that love a good hack 'n slash and Roman culture game might be lucky with Ryse: Son of Rome. Graphics are in no doubt still good even for 2017. The gameplay sadly does get repetitive and misses some good opportunities that they could have made, but lucky enough the graphics and different gameplay events in-game makes this better. The multiplayer is also a nice change of pace and can breathe some new life into the game if you are getting bored...On a scale from 1/10, I would rate this a 6/10. It has its flaws but it is in no doubt still a fun game to play."
76561198089381364,Recommended,302510,31906808,Posted: 22 May,all,Ninjamestari,"Overall satisfying violence porn with slightly lackluster gameplay. Visually stunning and beautiful, it's easy to recommend this game at a 20€ price tag. The Roman Empire theme always nets a major plus as well, and although the whole ""damocles"" angle is completely made up, it's still very entertaining. This is more a spectacle than a game, and this is neither a compliment nor a complaint; if you only want an interesting multi-layered and skill requiring game, skip this one out. If on the other hand want a gloriously violent and gory spectacle set in ancient Rome, then this is definitely a product for you.I personally never could get myself to play the game through because I'm lazy and I watched all the story sequences on youtube, but I was sufficiently entertained by it that I decided to buy the game anyway. The little I did play this game was mostly satisfyingly gory and I've been meaning to get back at it, but there are more and more interesting games to play and less and less time to play them so it still remains on the 'to-do' list.Now, lets see if I can put on the lorica segmentata, throw that pilum and stab away with my gladius like a proper Roman."
76561198161410839,Recommended,302510,31984847,Posted: 26 May,all,doh_bear,"Phenominal graphics in this game, decent story but lacks depth when it comes to combat, wears thin after a few hours, but still manages to be fun. I wouldnt pay full price though."
,Recommended,302510,30196079,Posted: 26 February,all,BLACKLORD NUTELLA,"The graphics, story, physics, atmosphere and the historical setting are good.The only one problem is that the gameplay gets sometimes boring.8/10not bad"
76561198340261522,Recommended,302510,32136961,Posted: 2 June,all,christianmbong180,"Wonderful story, beautiful graphics, challenging and captivating gameplay......... truly a masterpiece."
,Recommended,302510,32166390,Posted: 3 June,all,scoots,"I've only played the campaign, but definitely recommend this game, especailly if you're into ancient Roman stuff. Story was great, though the combat could be a little repetitive. It got better as more mixed groups of heavy enemies spawned later in the game though."
76561198036181849,Recommended,302510,30439381,Posted: 10 March,all,ElCabrito,Gooood.
76561198123091735,Recommended,302510,30448485,Posted: 11 March,all,VITAMIN O : ILLEGALIZE THAT SHIT,Fantastic game.
76561198333476835,Recommended,302510,30456095,Posted: 11 March,all,Miteshu,"This is a good roman game, I only have found some minor bugs, and one big bug, 1 out o 3 times when im waiting for the game to close, it freezes and I need to call the app administrator.review:The games feels like a batman arkham game, pretty nice, and the moves and finishers of the main character are pretty cool, however there is no customization. although through the game play the main character changes clothes along the progression.the multiplayer feels like the spartacus series, yet there are not many people playing it this day. so if you have the oportunity to find another player dont let go"
,Recommended,302510,27427295,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rollsy,this was definitely worth more than $5 its really good
,Recommended,302510,28644553,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bean,it's good.
,Recommended,302510,28642582,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dOGe,"Yupp you guys seeing it right, the whole game campaign can be finished under 10 hours.Pros:Beautiful graphics (9.5/10)Stunning cinematicsDeath,blood and goreCons:Short story lineRepetitive combat mechanicsMinimal characters development( skills, armor, abilities)If you like hack and slash type of game then this game is for you."
,Recommended,302510,28656879,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Doc Holliday,"Its visually stuning and i really wished more games looked this good.  The game play takes some getting used to, but once you get it down the game becomes easy even on the hardest difficulty.  Its not a very long single player game and i didn't bother much with the multiplayer stuff.  if you see this game on sale, grab it... it will keep you entertained for a day or 2 until you beat it!  (Unless you are into multiplayer)"
,Recommended,302510,28700097,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,|Flavour|,"Fun Game. Combat is enjoyable. Many twists and turns through out the story. Told in a different perspective than you are used to seeing but it works. Interessting story, greek mythology mixed in. Picked this up on sale so no complaints about the price I payed. Totally recommened a play through.-Plus there are tiddie physics thanks devs-8/10"
76561198125986732,Recommended,302510,28699765,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zx_Vicious_xz,"Action packed, challenging, good storyline."
76561198094578317,Recommended,302510,28718564,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,curlyterd19,:)
,Recommended,302510,28710115,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kaghy,"This game is enjoyment for hours, combat is at a point repetitive but that doesn't hurt the fun of blood spill.Even though I know it's a game, sometimes I have the feeling I'm watching a movie of the Roman Empire!Graphics are stunning!All in all, worth buying!On sale: definitely worth every discount price!Not on sale: definitely worth 20 eur!"
76561198074726420,Recommended,302510,28434402,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,°-°,KILL KILL KILL . . . HACK AND SLASH TO IT'S FINEST.
76561197989535011,Recommended,302510,28440151,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Warm_Butter,"The combat system is both fun and annoying. A lot of the bosses you just have to wait until they attack and you have to counter attack, otherwise they just insta-block your attacks. The story is enjoyable. The cinematics are great! I felt like I was watching a movie at times. Great voice acting, great animations. Finished in 1 sitting.The multiplayer seems interesting, but it is only 2 players, so I haven't bothered."
76561198050167072,Recommended,302510,13697801,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gargerad,It has a lot historical inaccuracies and plot holes and some repetitive gameplay but I nut everytime I see each scene.
,Recommended,302510,24698435,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,WrenchMan,很赞的一款砍杀类游戏，游戏虽然也有剧情略短，但游戏的核心就是战斗，作为主角马略一方面弘扬罗马的国威，一方面是为自己的家庭复仇，剧情还说的挺不错，大概7小时左右能通关，采用的倒叙手法，游戏性相对不错，但有很多QTE，还没说完我唯一能开2k分辨率玩的游戏了QAQ
76561198071774825,Recommended,302510,30981794,Posted: 6 April,all,Forseti,"This is exactly what I've been searching for in a single player / Co-Op game. I'm a huge mmorpg player, so too much of a sandbox game doesn't grab me. I like a linear game, with story, and a defined path. I play mainly Asian mmorpgs because of their action combat style. This game reminds me of such combat. It's absolutely amazing and well worth the 20 bucks. The graphics are outstanding, and the cutscenes are amazing quality.I had first asked for a refund for this game because it kept crashing. However, I have seemed to have found a fix for my system. I run on Windows 10, i7 4820k, 2x Gtx 780ti OC'd, with 64 Gigs of Kingston Hyper X beast memory, while running on 4 500 gig SSD's. I have steam on it's own SSD.So, I went into Nvidia control panel, and made a separate profile for Ryse. I changed the power to maxium, the V-Synch to adaptive. Then I went to my steam desktop icon, right clicked, and gave steam administration rights. A little window will pop up saying that you are now running steam in combatibility mode, that it may cause issues. However, I can finally play this game without crashing, and it's awesome!I hope this helps those that have recently purchased this, and are having crash issues."
,Recommended,302510,28678840,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Boaby,"Simply put - A Beautiful gameThe Graphics are amazing on this PCport, even on Normal settings. The fighting is similar to Batman games or Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor and works well within the game, at first it can be repetitive but is changed up mid way through the game, introducting new enimies with different fighting styles. Controlling the troops leaves you feeling powerful and you can sense the trust in your troops.Story telling is done very well; you end up loving all of the characters; unexpected plot twists; emotions, all of the good stuff you want from a game.In my opinion, the only down fall of this game is the Multiplayer (possibly just my opinion), it does however run smooth and has an interesting leveling system. And for only £3.74 on the steam Winter sale, it is a must have game."
76561198031897058,Not Recommended,302510,21632207,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Phinix,"Good story, nice pictures, here and there they dont need physiks but its a video game so what.The downside, the controll sucks, from part to part iam unable to play the game properly because of the bad kombination, and a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fight system"
76561198092237793,Recommended,302510,28507546,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Darth Soul,"Is ok, no buy recommendation. Everything is pretty good (or awesome as an rome fan) but the gameplay is boring and (extreme) repetitiv. Played through except for the last 15min, which I watched on youtube because I was too bored to further play myself."
76561198002049680,Recommended,302510,28621530,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dimvision,"One of the best $5.00 pick ups (on sale) out there. Excellent game with a good story and mechanics. Not so long as to get boring but not so short as to not feel it wasn't worth it. Satisfying combat making you feel like an invincible legionaire (much in the way of Space Marine), and the levelling system, particularly for executions, had a good progression."
,Recommended,302510,27888835,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,obsidian.exe,It's me Mario
,Recommended,302510,28656033,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,will824,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a very interesting game, that although for some would seem short, it comes packed with the potential to make every single hour you invest in it worth it an enjoyable.Some things I really liked:- Graphics- Plot (Although it could have been better)- Characters are vivid and you feel identified with them- Gameplay: Exterminations and Tactic oriented combat was interesting.I was not appealed by:- Skill systems and upgrades: Feels somehow short- The collection systems: Picking up scrolls and the likes did not add aggregate value to me.- For some the game combat can become repetitive.I would definitely give the game an 8/10. Enjoyed it a lot!I did not try the multiplayer, so cannot comment on it."
76561198262355076,Recommended,302510,28703193,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pussy.Crusher,I can't get enough of it. I didnt think this game would be so addicting.
,Recommended,302510,28649435,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Litterpaws,"Bloody, gorey, and intense combat-oriented game. The graphics are outstanding, and the game mechanics are thoughtful and intuitive. The story is simply amazing, and held my attention through the entire game.That being said, the game does tend to be repetitive after a few hours. Completing the game on the easiest level, casually, took about six hours. I'm not the fastest gamer, and I prefer story elements over powering through something. However, even going for a more difficult setting, I found the combat system weighs heavier - as is to be expected - but sadly I can't recommend the game soley for it's combat.You earn points to redeem on special execution animations, health stats, focus, and so on. While it's an interesting concept, the execution of the system leaves me disinterested at best. It's a way to ""level up"" your character for future playthroughs, of course, but doesn't provide much in the way of changing gameplay.The Vistas and Scrolls collection is for those completion-hunters out there. Some are very obvious, some require wandering off the path a ways. I haven't completed any of the side achievements for that, so I can't say what sort of bonuses it provides.Overall, though, this game is well worth the price. I'd like to see a sequel in the works, or another game set in the same setting."
,Recommended,302510,28645078,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GeoTheOGtv,"This game is amazing, from the graphics to the story. You feel as if you were in Rome. Definetely a must buy!"
76561198138151581,Recommended,302510,28733306,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ErroriaNN.,"I bought this game just because I like Rome history, didnt expect much from this game tbh...After couple fight scenes I was like wow, this game could be interesting, and here we are. I spent 6 hours and finished SP mode, all i can say is that this game is awsome, i had a lot of fun so dont hesitate just buy it :DCant wait to see MP mode now :D"
76561198073383726,Recommended,302510,28754492,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,InPizzaWeTrust,after finishing this game i have to say its pretty decent but it has its flaws i got it in the sales for 5 euros and i have to say its worth at least double thatpros:+excellent visuals its a very beautiful game+it runs in potato pcs even though it looks great+nice and fluid gameplay+very good voice acting+bonus: it has a really cool theme in my opinioncons-it has some bugs-the camera angles are sometimes really weird and dont show the location you want-the story didnt really bond us with the characters-the final chapter was kinda dull-the combat is kinda repetittive but its still coolNote:i played this with an xbox360 controller and it made the experience way better (i also tried keyboard and mouse but i didnt like it as much) also note that this game has a multiplayer mode that i didnt get to play cause its pretty much dead but there are some people playing you can find a game its just that im not that interested in multiplayer of a game like this one
,Recommended,302510,28865968,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SMPL GameGuys,Ive been haing a blast playing this game multi is cool just sucks that noone plays it often but the story seems good. i payed 5 bucks for my copy and o boy was it worth it
,Recommended,302510,28853214,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Senjougahara,"A great game , only too short. Heats up your frozen pc."
76561198222134964,Recommended,302510,28914849,Posted: 1 January,all,archergoblin231,I was very surprised at how good this game way the fighting is very good I recommend buying this game
,Recommended,302510,28909748,Posted: 1 January,all,Jalabula Jens,"The combat is non progressive, no new weapons or moves, minor changes as the game progresses. Could get boring pretty quickly. Still, the story is decent, the graphics good, the gore is excellent - up close and personal with the kills. Entertaining in a different way,"
76561198062034445,Recommended,302510,29049058,Posted: 5 January,all,quincey78 [CWL],"Mixed feelings about this game.PROS:- Stunning Graphics..... I mean STUNNING!- Engaging storyCONS- Story is linear, you have no freedom at all.- Too shortHaven't tried the MP yet, anyway I still recommend getting this because of the beautiful graphics, especially if you can get it on sale"
76561198087638357,Recommended,302510,29046803,Posted: 5 January,all,ASboombox,Awesome graphics and animations. Nice game to pick up on sale.
76561198102892690,Recommended,302510,29070478,Posted: 6 January,all,Zion_Shall-Fall,"What a pleasant surprise. After all the hate this game received when it launched, I was very skeptical about it and I must say a lot of the hate was probably due to the disastrous Xbox One launch, cause this game certainly deserved better. It is actually a very good game made with love, that much is clear. It's basically a love letter to the Roman Empire and everything connected to it - it is very clear that a lot of work was put into this game and it looks absolutely stunning - jawdropping - it's the best tech demo for anyone with a new GPU. There are however a few issues that stop it from being a great game or a masterpiece. But still what they created here is gold, they have a very good base to make something really special if they do a sequel. But first thing they need to do is: MAKE COMBAT FEEL MEANINGFUL - this is where they got it terribly wrong.Pros:Good, interesting storyStunning visuals, facial expressions are the best in the industryInteresting characters (you feel attached)Great voice actingAn absolute must if you find the Roman Empire setting interestingCons:QTE heavy (and i mean heavy)Little variety when it comes to combat (you feel like you just need to mash 2 buttons in any firefight)Camera acts weird at timesReally dumb conclusion - completely anticlimatic not in terms of story, but in terms of how much skill/luck is needed to complete the final scene"
76561198306500482,Recommended,302510,29080061,Posted: 6 January,all,Raging Videocard,An old game with amazing graphics
76561198040349286,Recommended,302510,29080152,Posted: 6 January,all,D3V1LB0Y,Love all the different kinds of executions.
,Recommended,302510,29083748,Posted: 7 January,all,Killa Fox ZA,A simple story of revenge. The game is not amazing and does little new but its still fun. Its short enough to get you through the campaign just before it starts to feel repetitive.This game is best enjoyed in between big 40+ hour games to give you a break and invigorate you to play something massive again.
,Recommended,302510,29111965,Posted: 8 January,all,N I K O,+ amazing graphics and animations+ soundtrack+ great voice acting+ easy controls+ enjoyable combat+ good story- very linear- short (campaign for around 6 hours )An old game with amazing graphics and awesome story
,Recommended,302510,29097613,Posted: 7 January,all,victor breil,"Awesome game, story, gameplay...Let me be clear, positive:+ Awesome story+ Perfect cutscenes+ Insane animations and graphics+ Enjoyable gameplay+ Creative systems like upgrading your character, opening new animations-executions etc.+ An atmosphere that makes you live the moment+ Beautiful voice acting+ Good optimization, I've runned it on a mid-level laptop (w/ mobile video card) with no problem+ Clean and beautiful user interface, makes eveything simple and understandable+ Different events on different missions, that makes the game not boringNegative:- Not giving you too much space, you have to follow the game's orders always, have to stick with scenario, no freedom- Combats are usually the same type, even tho you have multiple executions, concept is usually the same, makes the game a little boring sometimes- Some unnecessary (little boring) moments/missions like firing balista, but nothing big.Be aware, like i said, gameplay is not giving you freedoom. You have to stick with the scenario, kill whoever game says, move wherever game says etc.You can command your men as promised, but only when the game lets you to command, which is not very often and open.It worth what it's cost.Game has a beautiful scenario supported with amazing graphics and animations. Feels like a movie.Totally recommended."
,Recommended,302510,28990673,Posted: 3 January,all,Krysaenaar,"I bought this for €5. It is a pretty easy game, but the storyline and graphics are just excellent. Really viceral fun combat.Definitely going for a second run to get all the upgrades."
,Recommended,302510,28994563,Posted: 3 January,all,bing bong ching chong,RYSE son of rome first playing this game impressed me i was having fun but a couple of hours in i got bored and i dont know how to explain this but it is one of those games that i just cant be bothered going back to and playing the rest of the story mode. P.S i have not played the multplayer yet
,Recommended,302510,28995523,Posted: 3 January,all,Trump,Graphic is nicely done and optimized with my GTX 1070 8GBCryEngine has never disappointed me
76561198273715600,Recommended,302510,28950795,Posted: 2 January,all,chasehrrr,Easily one of the better games I have played. I got this game on sale but I would still pay $20. I thought the combat would get repetitive but it never did. Its a very nice game to just take time and look at your environment to. Only thing I could say is that the story is to short. I finished it all in three sittings.
76561198076598462,Recommended,302510,28921603,Posted: 1 January,all,Tri Paloski,"Awesome game got it on special for 66% off, totaly worth it.Amazing graphics, folks what do you expect it's made with cry engine. The gameplay is pretty straight foward not much to explore however, the executions are to die for. They're my favorite part of the game. The story is reasonably good.One thing that could be improved is the combinations of keys you have to press during fights also a reminder or to in game of what exactly those keys are. I kind of forgot after playing weeks apart and it got quite annoying  (I was to lazy to read the keyboard config.)Anyway I'd give it 7/10"
,Recommended,302510,26793589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,goir83,One of the most cinematic and visually stunning games I ever played
76561198226175812,Recommended,302510,30915929,Posted: 2 April,all,obedienceandlove,"Ryse: Son of RomeGameplay      6/10Story              7.5/10Controls         7/10Graphics        9.5/10replay value   5/10Overall: 7/10The gameplay is kind of like the Batman series but less of a challenge. The goal is to beat up the same 6 guys and build up the highest combo doing it. The problem is that there are not many options when approaching an opponent. This makes the game seem really repetitive.The story is an interesting twist on Rome during the time of Nero and it tries to incorperate some of the famous battles. It embellishes a little but it all works together to form a good plot. As the story thickens it draws you in little by little. There are moments were the story seems drawn out to prolong gameplay. This wouldn't be so bad if the gameplay was good. (remember same 6 guys)The controls were ok. Nothing really stood out but nothing was really lacking either. If I were to be picky, I would say that every now and then there would be a slight delay between the time you press a button and the time the game reacted to the button that was pressed. That might mess with your combo.This game will be forever known for its graphics. Its 3 years old and it can keep up with the best of them. When it came out, I'm sure that nothing could touch it. I'm not just talking about the cleanliness of the environments and the detail in the fighting scenes. Even the faces and the expression are some of the most life like I've seen in gaming. The only reason it does not get a 10 is because since then there are a few games that can compete.As far as replay value: The game is not open world but very, very linear. Some levels are larger than others but overall its more like you are playing a movie vs deciding how to play the game. You fight and watch cut scenes and fight some more and watch more cut scenes. The pattern never stops. By the time you finish the game, you are glad that you saw it through but you are also glad the game has ended. Because of this there is no real replay value. To be fair they did have some hidden items that unlock something, I guess, but I did not care to search and find out.Overall, most people got this game for the graphics, and if they finished it, it was for the story. Everthing else was just mediocre at best. If you like 3rd person beat em up historic games, this is a must buy. If not, buy when it on sale @ 75% off and brag to your friends about the fact that your system is good enough to handle this game."
,Recommended,302510,26491390,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Diabetes,This game is amazing. I love it so much.The gameplay really does make you feel like a badass.10/10 would F**k up barbarians again.
,Not Recommended,302510,26493430,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Branch Boy,"This game is seriously just boring.The combat is repetitive, the story and main character are as bland as ever, what does this game have going for it?NOT MUCH!If you buy this game, you will be very disappointed."
,Recommended,302510,26437416,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,QuantumCobra,I got this game for $5 on sale and it was worth it. The story is cool and it is fun to play with friends10/10 would execute barbarians again
76561198098647158,Recommended,302510,26489287,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sunisz,17块看场电影
76561198030383673,Recommended,302510,26737973,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Good Guy Sauron,"I did like the game, but I don't recommend you to buy it at it's full price. Honestly, wait until it's on sale.Here's why:Pros:The game's graphics are gorgeous, reallyGood game mechanics, but there's a lot of quick time eventsfinisher moves are really coolthe story is goodit's about ancient Rome, so it's awesomeCons :the solo story is barely over 6 hours longI don't really like quick time events (personnal preference)For some boss fights, there's only one way to attack them, so you end up repeating the same sequence over againI did really enjoy the game, but I just can't recommend a game that only lasts 6 hours, that was quite a disappointment for me. If it wasn't about the short life of the game, I would say go for it, but since it's quite short, I say wait 'till you can have this game on sale if you're interested in it."
76561198184224647,Recommended,302510,26706225,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GFX,"The game is short, yes. The combat, after you complete most levels is quite repetitive, maybe. But it has a good story, in medium the graphics look better than my face and if you are on a sale you can get it for 5 bloody dollars. It has a good co-op online (hard to find people honestly) and it has 3 different sets of collectibles, usually 8 in each level. I´d say, give it a try."
,Recommended,302510,27111065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BaizmØre,"may god have mercy upon my enemies because i wont,you guys should endorse in this game,a lot of savage kills great game mechanics,love the barbarians predominantly the chubby one's,thrive yourself as a centurion feed them your sword#battle trance ,serve rome protect your legacy let the entire rome scream your name n become a legend."
76561198095696117,Recommended,302510,27109188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LynX,Game like a movie :D
,Recommended,302510,27110778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheesecarlsz,10/10 for brutality7/10 for story line-best combat system-Damocles
,Recommended,302510,27165734,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,weirdfangkiller,-Pros-Best cinematic.Best graphic.Realistic animation-Con-RepetitiveGood for button mashing gamers.
76561198145930141,Recommended,302510,27178779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tol1k,nice game
,Recommended,302510,24375697,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BAILA,Goods+Extremely Good Gore+Superb Graphics+Intriguing Story+Smooth and Fluid Combat System+Great Cutscenes and Animations+Beautifully Varied Level Designs+Commanding in Story Mode Feels Awesome+Great Soundtracks+Just Super EnjoyableOKs-A little too Easy-Not an Excellent Optimization-Multiplayer gets Repetitive-Loading Time-No Decapitation Executions
,Recommended,302510,27213629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KONJO,"Incredible Combat, Graphics, Animations, Story, Voice Actors and Gameplay. The only downside is that the multiplayer achievements are very much of a grind."
,Recommended,302510,27173927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Yoote (고3, 잠수)",Pros1.Graphics2.Graphics3.Graphics
76561198021961721,Recommended,302510,27622502,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SiP,"It has many performance issues, lag during battle and moving but still a great game."
,Recommended,302510,25184071,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tomsis,10/10 Would be Jaime Lannister again
,Recommended,302510,27565401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reyes,300?
,Recommended,302510,27845864,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Freddyk™,"If I could compare this game to any other that I have played, there will be only one title ""God of War"". Great Single player story, great cinematics. One of these game which is worth to buy and play couple times. Shame that the story couldn't be any longer."
,Recommended,302510,27868456,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SvitchNight,Nice game
76561198134061724,Recommended,302510,27850393,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Druid,Funniest game since my 16th year!! I will play this again for sure.
76561198013287771,Recommended,302510,27854205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rekopek,"Graphics are amazing, gameplay is cool if you like action with quick eventsOn the downside:-I LOST MY SAVE AT 80% , wtf ... not in the steam cloud, not on my pc-one chapter has serious lagg problems"
,Recommended,302510,24543286,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Crixus,"My Sword,Shield and Friend = Brother in ArmsThats Good."
,Recommended,302510,27780280,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Harry   deiu,Love this game:Great graphics.Nice story.Marius Titus is a bamf....Better start multiplayer soon.
,Not Recommended,302510,22484662,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,V3NOM,"I had this game in my wishlist for a long time, waiting for it to be a memorable game, it almost did.Pros:- Extremely, astonishing, incredible beautiful graphics (there are not enough words, but is one of the pretiest games I have played in my life)- Nice story, easy to follow- Nice gameplay, can get repetitive for some, but for me it didn't. Was great while I played the game- Voice acting is one of the best I have ever seen too and the cut scenes fit right. Really great characters and actors- Nice music- Action sequences are extremely great and remarkableNow, why is this review still negative after all of the above? -> PERFORMANCEThis game can barely be played for a lot of people and sadly I'm one of those. Though I don't have the best rig it should be able to handle the game nicely and even between High and Low settings there is no difference at all. If you read discussions, there are people with really high end PC's experiencing the same problem so it is a development issue, a port badly done and a company that didn't care about it.The game drops FPS constantly making the experience tedious and weird... it's frustrating.I also want to point out that I tried almost every fix there is:- Installed fraps (didn't help)- Installed Origin (helped a little but is still bad)- Executed shadow play (didn't help)- Changed cpu res time in the game config (the game was even worse with this one)So yeah... I give up. This game cannot be recommended in it's current state and obviously it will NEVER EVER EVER be fixed. If you choose to buy it it will be like buying a lotery ticket so it is up to you. It is not worth even the 5 bucks it costed me.Could have been great, but AAA companies insist in f***ing great things up."
,Recommended,302510,32942151,Posted: 28 June,all,Blodoffer,"Veni, Vedi, Veci, oh yeah!!"
76561198090042842,Recommended,302510,33211158,Posted: 3 July,all,kakacaramel,"Its a good game and a good.  Like a tiny bit of fighting mechanics are clunky, but otherwise, its goud."
,Recommended,302510,33194233,Posted: 3 July,all,Aurum,"All aspects is pretty good, except the story.The story is lack in emotion and character development.So far so good."
,Recommended,302510,25372473,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Imperator Trump,"""I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble""- Augustus CaesarVisually stunning, beautiful and violent.Ryse: Son of Rome, is Microsoft's answer the many questions that were surrounding the Xbox one's hardware capabilities during the marketing campaign for the console. As such, it is worth noting, the game has truly next gen visuals & audio. Although, the game may be brilliant in terms of production quality, the combat system (while brutal and amazing to behold) gets old very quickly and needs many more animations which unfortunately the game lacks.The campaign itself, while brilliant is very short, and the multiplayer leaves a lot to be desired (but is still good)I recommend waiting for a sale before picking this up. But pick it up never the less.7.5 | 10 - Amazing"
,Recommended,302510,33205609,Posted: 3 July,all,michael,"its a very original game, very clean, very fun. very full and satisfying."
,Recommended,302510,33047914,Posted: 30 June,all,Noone,Kind of a good game for spending ur free time. But still needs few updates.
76561198079415525,Recommended,302510,33035821,Posted: 30 June,all,Aureas,"Russell Crowe's favourite game.Yes it has a good amount of issues, such as being far too easy, QTE's never failing, the story being short in general, but if you can get it on sale for 50% or 75% off it's worth it. The story is cliche but it's good enough to keep you playing. Honestly if you're a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ it's worth buying just to appreciate the stellar visuals, and the voice acting is also superb."
,Recommended,302510,33054523,Posted: 30 June,all,Mattterminator,"Very nice game, although the reviews of this game say it is repetetive, and has too many Quick time events. I say I like it. This game is stunning, the action is great, the graphics are stunning. Running the game at maximum settings really blew me away. That's how pretty it is. I really felt the main character Marius's character progress trough the game, which is always a huge plus. Because let's face it.This game is ment to be a cinematic story that is being told. Everything points to that, so that's how you must see this game. And it looks great doing so.I am not all to bothered by the repetition in enemies or in combo moves. Because, well.. This is what litterally every game has. And it so happens to be more noticable in this game because you are fighting a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bad guys. I don't expect a game to have 1000 different enemies to slay that all have their different look, and different play style. That is reserved to mmorpg and moba style games. Which will never reach this level of story immersion in my opinion. So this game does great at what it wants to deliver, a nice story with stunning action.Would love to see more of this franchise, it's a petty that crytec games is focussing on 3rd party app suuport and is not active anymore in the game development (to my knowledge). Would really like to see a second game in this franchise, or maybe a different setting with similar gameplay and story telling. Fingers crossed!Anyways, great game, if you like action, and like a story you can just rush trough while haning back. This game is well worth it's money."
76561197985266028,Recommended,302510,33059459,Posted: 30 June,all,WangMaster,Very satisfying combat
76561198141195172,Recommended,302510,32999006,Posted: 29 June,all,SkullKiD,"WOW, where shoukld I begin? This is by far one of the best games I'vve played se in the ancient world. I only had an issue with some of the game mechanics, they could have spent a little extra time and made it even more better. Apart from that it is amazing, immersive, the story is brilliant and gripping and it keeps you on the edge. Would reccomend to everyone. I'm really looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,302510,30575654,Posted: 17 March,all,SteppenWolf,"It was a good experience. Kind of boring after a while because half of the game consists of  ""push button now moments"" and cinematics. Technically it was wonderful. You can buy it when it's on sale. 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,302510,18884546,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,hecerinde,"Good graphics, bad combat, terrible story written by people who could have given a ♥♥♥♥ less about Rome. I'm surprised they even knew who Augustus was. Basically this game rips off Gladiator and Spartacus TV badly and your character has to do everything. The worst parts of the game are when you 'command' a century of soldiers or cohort and have to keep saving them. I guess if you like really implausible god of war situations, you might like it. Combat was terrible though and the response time/mechanics were a big meh. Some of the voice acting was good, as were facial animations. 5.5/10"
76561198004312918,Recommended,302510,18844712,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,THE-KILLERS,good game
76561198010684170,Recommended,302510,29249058,Posted: 14 January,all,skinnyabergele,I was not expecting to much from this game but I did enjoy it pretty short at 5 hours single player but story was good.I didn't touch the multiplayer didnt seam worth it
76561198031627763,Not Recommended,302510,29264531,Posted: 14 January,all,Euron_Greyjoy,"I really wanted to like this game. The storyline is great, but I just couldnt get into the gameplay.  The combat isn't extremely difficult per say, but like most games where the combat is based almost entirely on getting the right combo, it can be needlessly frustrating at times. Unfortunately, those sporadic bursts of frustration are why I have to give this game a negative review.  These moments came at critical moments in the game, and completely ruined the immersion of the story. Also, I was surprised at the total lack of character models in enemy fighters.  Its the same 6 or so enemies over and over again.  They could have done better there, and kept it from getting so repetitive.  A plus to the game is that its gorgeous, and fun to look at.  As such I would save your money and just watch a youtube video of the storyline.  You're not missing anything in the game itself."
,Recommended,302510,29254574,Posted: 14 January,all,CharlesCheeseington,"An alright game. If your PC can handle it, it's visually really good. Quite a good story imo, really enjoyed the time playing it. All 9 hours that is, it's a very short game, and quite repetative. If you enjoy a good hack & slash then it's for you, but this game is only really worth it if you can get it under £10"
,Recommended,302510,29256535,Posted: 14 January,all,Kami,Fun and good graphics!
76561198071008547,Recommended,302510,29463499,Posted: 24 January,all,mohabhossam18,"This game is awesome.The graphics are great, the story is amazing.The combat is challenging in the beiginning but I mastered it in the end."
,Recommended,302510,29501667,Posted: 26 January,all,Arya-Stark,Loving the Story Line! Great graphics and cheap :D
76561198156402182,Recommended,302510,29496685,Posted: 25 January,all,Fru1t Ninja NZ,By Apollo! To fight in the arena with a friend is a true roman delicacy!
76561198066168615,Recommended,302510,29416043,Posted: 21 January,all,✪ OTR,10/10 gameplay
76561198127369696,Recommended,302510,23621647,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GimpReaper,Great story line and challenging but fun fighting aspect along with the ability to command your troops in battle which makes it even better.
,Recommended,302510,23822901,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Asdrubal o Alpinista Albino,"Ok, so this game, gameplay and cutscenes on normal took me about 4 and half hours.I didnt rush through the game, i took my time exploring and enjoying the scenery that is gorgeous.Now lets talk about gameplay... its repetitive has ♥♥♥♥, you see all the gameplay mechanics in the first level, but dont let that scare you, you will never grow tired of brutally kill your enemys, it is repetitive but its also addictiv!!!The story is good not awesome, but decent enough, i will defenetly recommend this game if it is on sale, not worth the full price.Its a nice little game to complete in a few hours"
,Recommended,302510,23823885,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Woof Woof,"this game is amazing, the executions are cool as hell and adapt to the positon of your caracter and the enemy. i have played multiplayer with a friend and it is a blast. it can get a little repetitive. the graphics are cool even for a 2014 game. i really think you should buy it"
,Not Recommended,302510,22235968,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shiver-City,"No key rebinding, keyboard feels clunkyafter trying an xbox controller, It's even worse. the buttons feel wrong, also can't eb changed."
,Recommended,302510,23837076,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pickle Rick #unique_name,"IT'S JUST SPECTACULARAWSOME FIGHTS GAMEPLAY..... blah blah blah-only negative is that the camera is sometimes fuc,ked up"
76561197990738015,Not Recommended,302510,23832822,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,aks300(u wot m8?),Rather than decent graphics and atmosphere shallow and empty.All you do is slaughtering clones one after another.
76561198021192403,Recommended,302510,23861350,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Deadly_Erik,"This game is definetly one of the best i have played, if you like the assins creed style of game play this game is definetly for you!"
,Recommended,302510,24354222,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Holy Sock,"Worth grabbing cheap for a few hours of decent animations, story and QTEs. Don't advise getting at premium price."
76561198111068619,Recommended,302510,21106290,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ronald reagan,"its like sex, especially if you like romans"
,Recommended,302510,33165196,Posted: 2 July,all,Coco Pops,Good
,Recommended,302510,33333583,Posted: 6 July,all,Gurutiro,"I will not go into the details of the gameplay, the story or the multiplayer because other reviewers have done it.I will, however, explain one thing that has left meawestruck.The amount of detail that can be perceived in the cutscenes. Specifically, in the movements of the characters. Have you ever looked at someone and focused on a sole movement because you found it interesting? I mean interesting in the sense that you would never do that movement yourself, or that it might mean something else (like when someone bites their lip... amiright?). Well, this is done here to a level of accuracy that I found simply astounding. The quality of the cutscenes was just breath-taking. I felt myself smirk at the screen or even get angry because I saw the movements some characters made which I had already seen IRL, and I knew what would be coming.Unlike others, I did not expect the story to unfold the way it did. I just let myself be guided by the game and found it awesome.Many people give the mark of 7/10. Yes it is not an incredible game, but it is definitely a fun one, especially on good rigs where your FPS doesn't drop like mine did. The cutscenes deserve a 1.5 on their own. Really. I promise. I am frugal AF and paid 5 euros for this game, but the cutscenes made me think I'd happily pay 10 euros for it. If you don't want to risk it, hopefully Youtube will have the cutscenes and you'll be able to see what I'm talking about.Final mark for me: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,302510,33316078,Posted: 6 July,all,Captain Awesome,"so i remember when this game came out, never ended up getting it and i completely forgot about it, however i decided to buy it during summer sale as i was reminded about this game in my recomendations. for £3.74 , this game provides loads of funvery good hack and slash game, combat is simple but fun, and the story is interesting (though it is not historically accurate)graphics are beautiful, and the game runs well on my R9 380x 4gb GPU, i have everything on max and get a solid 50 fps.8/10"
,Recommended,302510,33306798,Posted: 6 July,all,DRIFT King ベ,"what the.... i've already complete the Story in 4.8 HoursYou can select Crysis Nano suit as you Gladiator Hero for fight in ARENA, Awesomebut you'll need more powerful PC/ Laptop to play this game"
,Recommended,302510,33363458,Posted: 7 July,all,raven,"A fantastically enjoyable game. Its hard hitting violence, blood and brutal melle kills will satisfy your barbarian blood thirst. I loved it!Also It Looks amazing."
,Recommended,302510,33313891,Posted: 6 July,all,artfulldodger33,"Well I saw this a couple of years ago...but this is not My Genre :""Hack & Slash""(More of an FPS person...But I boght on the recent Summer Sale and well...It's great!....Not many games story/Campaign catch My attention and Immerse me within the Game World (Not saying the story is great but the gameplay is) ...but this is really good...I find Myself looking arouind during the chaos in sheer amazement....Before being assualted by a horde of Barbarions....bring you out your state of awe.Well done Dev Team....and still looks great Graphiclly ....what 5yrs onAdded to library Favourites!!"
,Not Recommended,302510,33300573,Posted: 5 July,all,∆eon III,The story is 5 hours long and the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,302510,33365988,Posted: 8 July,all,[MS] andikong,"Pros:-Good graphic and atmosphere-Good gameplay and system.-The variation of execution-Fun to playCons:-Marius is way too damn OP-Combat too simple.-Cliche story line. Not bad, its just cliche.-Dead multiplayer.-Lack of enemies variation.In conclusion: Its a fun game, definietly worth it but only when its on sale."
,Recommended,302510,33256543,Posted: 4 July,all,worf359,"First off, my recomendation is conditional: I wouldn't pay full price for this game.But for anyone with this sitting in their cart in the final hours of the 2017 Steam Summer Sale, I'd say go for it. It's been a fun, challenging game. Story isn't brilliant, but it's still engaging. The combat is fun, much like Assassin's Creed in that it's very timing based. Much like the real world, a set of specific hits doesn't unlock some magical combo attack, instead you must time your attacks and parrys to defeat your foes.A nice game for $5, wouldn't pay more than $10 for it myself."
,Recommended,302510,33258155,Posted: 4 July,all,avikbellic911,"Nice game, Didnt expect the graphic would be this good plus the plot was promising too.The game is worth every penny from Animaiton,Mechanics to Everything was very enjoyable."
,Recommended,302510,33261043,Posted: 4 July,all,[ODIN] Seal160,"The negative reviews are complete unholy sacrilege.This game is really good, the plot is great, the graphics are really polished, the fighting is on point, and the executions are absolutely ""Barbaric"" ..The cinematics make it seem like your watching a movie, I honestly didnt even realize  that the cutscene had ended at a few scenes.Only thing that is repetative, is the fat barbarian guy with the nipple piercings and the long hair coming after you with his 3 duplicate brothers, odd that someone even designed his barbaric man boob bounceage.I rate this 5/5 Pizza's."
,Recommended,302510,33241539,Posted: 4 July,all,Speedbird,8/10 .. I hope the developer would release more games like this ..
,Recommended,302510,33247002,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Awesome game and story
76561198169319145,Recommended,302510,33259858,Posted: 4 July,all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,"Fun game,good story but wish frames where better and the game was longer"
76561198155505843,Not Recommended,302510,29697109,Posted: 4 February,all,Imkilgortrout,"To start off the graphics and story are very nice, but if you want any type of replay ability this is not it.  The camera is a weird type of 3rd person.  The combat is very repetitive, all you need to do is learn the sequence for each type of enemey and they can be easily defeated, even the ""bosses"".  You must follow a set path through the world and little thought is required.  I would only recommend this game if you are able to get it on sale otherwise pass for something elese."
76561198012752324,Recommended,302510,29697230,Posted: 4 February,all,Dante,"Usually i would say i hate this kind of QTE game.but...i love the era of the romans, so i cannot recommend this enough.i truely find the game of cinematic quality like participating in a movieit has rare moments of making you feel like you are part of the victory, caring about the heroes and really satisfactory feeling when the villians get there comeuppance  and the twists and turns of the story are truely captivating10/10 dun gud"
76561198183748127,Recommended,302510,29697300,Posted: 4 February,all,silver maiku,played five hours and love the game
,Recommended,302510,29697465,Posted: 4 February,all,Mcfad,"combats repetitive , decent story . its a shame you cant disable the hud to take some epic screenshotsFor £4 you cant go wrong get it on sale"
,Recommended,302510,29699783,Posted: 4 February,all,lajusman,"Easy, fun and bloody combat (roman phalanx moments and executions <3), visually stunning (sometimes you just have to stop and admire the scenery), story is OK and short (campaign only lasts 6-7 h). Boudica best waifu."
76561198010366377,Recommended,302510,29686711,Posted: 3 February,all,Maverati,A really satisfying hack & slash game.
76561198068912827,Recommended,302510,29703765,Posted: 4 February,all,richblu22,"Its OK, i beat it in one day and multiplayer is not all that active anymore. buy it on sale because its not a good enough story (to me personnally) for $20.00"
,Recommended,302510,29703981,Posted: 4 February,all,Mozartskull,"let me keep it simple, so here it goesWas this game fun ?Yes, It was crazy amounts of fun (worth the buy)Was the gameplay a bore ?No, not really it was fun but it gets old but not as old as i thought it would the kills and everything is perfect.How was the feel?It's perfect to look at and everything is very well made, you feel like youre playing a movie.How was the story?It was really good right until you reach towards the end where everything moves on fast forward like a DC Movie but still better with a satisfying enough end.Is the Campaign really small?God ,Yes it is very small. Like a COD game. Finished it in a couple of hours. My total time is me finishing it three times along with some multiplayer fun which is fun but not as much as i thought it would be.Is it hard?It isn't hard even on hard especially if you've already unlocked everything.Is it made for a mature Crowd?Yes , it is and has alot of blood and some Nudity.Big Question Should i buy This? Yeah! Only if its on discount or you really really want to play it.My Rating 6.5/10"
,Recommended,302510,29704090,Posted: 4 February,all,ChiefMax,"So I just found a hidden gem. This game is short and fun, the story is clear and is explained in a good way. Also the setting is just perfect. The combat system is satisfying and easy to understand. Bought this game in the sale for 5 euro's and all I have to say it was worth it. 8.5/10"
76561198065276519,Recommended,302510,29887830,Posted: 12 February,all,Hamscam,The campaign is too short and the combat can get a bit repetitive but it has a good storyline and looks amazinglooking forward to the sequel
,Recommended,302510,29867308,Posted: 12 February,all,Mean Green Meme Machine,"A great story-driven game based around Rome. I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of history and love the way the Arkahm series handels the combat.8/10Pros-great story-smooth combat-great visuals-great fictional depiction of Rome-cool ending-great cinematic cutscenesCons-repeditive quick time events-doesn't run smooth unless you have a decent PC-archers-Phalanx is sometimes too overdone/underdoneOverall, I do think that this is a great game and is worth the price that it has and should be picked up by people who are looking for a good beat em' up or just an awesome trip in past to see the Roman Empire in a different way."
,Recommended,302510,29838286,Posted: 10 February,all,[25th] NorthernWarrior,"well the Game Mechanics is very good, the grafics is Superb :) and the gameplay is not too bad either for PC or use as Controller as XBOX or PS4/5. The Story good, but couldn t hurt been better or even given the Player Options ""do I relly wanna ""Spoilers"" kill the Emperor? even though he order a hit on Marius family, and his reason was the Marius father, was more populare, then the Emperor himself"". The Roman Later Era, or the Roman era it self is alot you can do with and make storys or find stuff to do about. you go from Low Ranking Roman Centurion, to Gladitor, to General. however the ending? not relly my cup of tea. overall? the game is good and playable, but I got the weird taste in my mouth, and the stuff I hade to do? never relly liked it. still if you as the Player was given Options or choice .. or even free roam, or anything else to make it even better? the Story was fine.. but overall ? I completed this game under 7 hours.. but do I recomend it? well .. its your choice.. but YES, its better than Mafia 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you get atlest :D"
,Recommended,302510,29870987,Posted: 12 February,all,H-weapons guy,"Great mood, intense, actionpacked, brutal, all for Glory and Roma!"
,Recommended,302510,29872415,Posted: 12 February,all,tearfromthered,"This is too bad this game wa marketed as a killer-ap for Xbox One then dispointed people for what it was never meant to be. Apart form a real lack of variety and combo in the fighting system : this game is excellent in all aspect. Controls, graphics and story telling are very high level. Now that the prize of lower I recommand all fans of action to try this one out"
,Recommended,302510,29938870,Posted: 15 February,all,Veltrexus,Great game!
,Recommended,302510,29904487,Posted: 13 February,all,ดาวอังคาร,"""Now. You know what you can expect from these barbarians. They are a race of rabid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who will fight as tooth and nail. But they don't know what they are up against. Rome is civilization. Rome is order. Rome is power. And out here, WE. ARE. ROME."""
,Not Recommended,302510,29951843,Posted: 15 February,all,inigohrey,"6 hours played, completed the main story. Paid 5 pounds for it, so I'm not too fussed, would've been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I'd paid more than 10 though as it has no replay value."
76561198238202388,Recommended,302510,29883016,Posted: 12 February,all,Babwolf,"Steam doesn’t give an option for a middle-ground thumb, which necessitates this disclaimer: I would not recommend this game for its overall quality of gameplay, but for the low price you get a sufficiently impressive six-hour experience. The visuals are stunning, the story—while majorly historically inaccurate—is interesting, and the voice acting is fantastic. So really, you’re playing for the cutscenes and the incredible artistry of the scenery. Everything else is repetition, repetition, repetition. The only thing to break the endless tedium of hack-and-slash battles with innumerable Barbarian clones is the hunt for collectibles, which are few and far between and provide no interactive reward. Don’t count on enjoying those spoils. And on the topic of spoils, there is no variety in equipment, no new weapons or armor to be had along the campaign. Even the fighting, once established in the very beginning of the game, sees no evolution other than increased necessity for rolling out of the way of heavy attacks, which become more frequent as you proceed. The boss fights, while not necessarily easy, consist solely of waiting for your enemy to use a heavy attack, evading it, getting in a strike, and getting out of the way of the next attack. Rinse and repeat twenty times, because any strikes you attempt in between will be blocked. If the repetition of fighting three predictable thugs at once makes you crazy, the bosses will have you praying to Ares for a bit of desperately-needed variety.From the beginning I had difficulty with the controls, which felt heavy-handed and inaccurate. I had to disable the movement blur, which was so excessive as to be laughable. Marius’ non-combat movements are sometimes iffy and occasionally he ends up walking diagonally into walls when the controls glitch. My favorite movement glitch was getting stuck running in unbreakable circles outside Nero’s palace in the very beginning, which according to a quick Google search has been a problem for numerous players since the game’s release and requires restarting the game. Even interacting with items is a bit of a nightmare, as positioning yourself perfectly in front of something is apparently a requirement. Even after doing so, it often ends in Marius flailing like an idiot instead of interacting with the thing that’s RIGHT THERE, MARIUS. You could spend a minute just trying to break a single pot because he keeps missing what’s directly in front of his nose. Brawn for this guy. Not brains.If you’re an achievement junkie like I am, you’re going to be extremely disappointed after your first playthrough. There is no accessible counter on achievements for doing something a certain number of times, so you likely won’t know how close you are. Many of the achievements involve playing the game again on various difficulty levels, which I can’t say is a fun time. One playthrough is fun. Four? Not fun. And sure, you’ve got survival and multiplayer and a jaunt through the Colosseum, but most of that requires multiplayer and hoo boy, good luck getting connected with another person.  Plus, in the end even those are the same old, same old (except that you have a very exposed butt in non-campaign mode). (And frankly, it’s not the best butt I’ve ever seen.)5/5 for the art department.1.5/5 for whoever designed the playstyle."
76561198042358009,Recommended,302510,29886220,Posted: 12 February,all,Akrybion,"Fantastic game, unfortunatly very short. But defenitly worth up to 20 bucks. I mean: You cay play for glorious Rome and kill filthy Barbarians, what more do you need in life?"
,Recommended,302510,29909490,Posted: 13 February,all,The Boonstr,Not particularly interesting combat or characters but it does a good job of making you feel like a total badass by the end. Pretty much no replay ability. Beautiful graphics but a little unoptimized. I can run witcher 3 on ultra at 60fps but not this? I got it for $5 on a sale which I can say is very worth it for a kickass revenge story that can take up a weekend or one night depending on how much time you have.
76561198222385276,Recommended,302510,24363173,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Doublee (EE),"Awesome game! Awesome price......You like the movie 300? Gladator? Well grab your joystick and kick back on the couch and enjoy a great game with a great story. It's like a good movie but you are in control of. I was amazed by the graphics and actors in the game. It's top notch for a $5 game (Steam Sale or Bundle Stars).If you don't have this, get it. Play the single player game first, then multiplayer if you want to battle online!I haven't checked, but I would pay full price for a sequel. I liked it that much."
,Recommended,302510,29216987,Posted: 12 January,all,Semen Demon,hard drive smells like a used diaper after installing this8/10
,Not Recommended,302510,29201299,Posted: 12 January,all,VeritasNumquamPerit,"Not worth even 5 euros IMO. Very limited and boring gameplay, huge performance issues on high end machines are enough form me to retire and not finish this game."
,Recommended,302510,29180059,Posted: 11 January,all,Verl0h,"If your computer can handle it, it's honestly a fun playthrough of a historically-rooted campaign. Definately suggest to Civ fans if you can snag it for a low price."
76561198052272033,Recommended,302510,29166442,Posted: 10 January,all,DarkAngel13,"So this game got SOOO MUCH hate which is really a shame.The game is like a movie short but very beutiful. The graphics are amazing. The problem here is that this is a port and sometimes the FPS drops significantly here and there annoying but nothing game breaking.Yes the combat is very repetetive, but also very sutisfing when you time the strikes just right.It is short so in 8 hours I passed it twice, second time skipping all mvoies and on the highes difficulity. But I really like the combat. I guess it is a preference thing.It got a TON of hate because ""You can't skip the cut scenes"" I was really scared of this as on my first paythrough is was close to nearly 50/50 story vs gameplay but BUT IT IS NOT TRUE!!! The cutscenes are basically moving loading screnes. After the next chanter is loaded (10-30 depends on HDD/SSD) you can hit space to skip the entyre thing.Video: 9/10Audio: 8/10Replayability: 8/10 (But it is officially the shortest game I have ever played.)Game mechanics 6/10Overal score 8/10 good game very immersive but short. Worth the full price? Anything below 20$ I would pay.Have fun and get the timeing right ;)"
76561198095038170,Not Recommended,302510,28998900,Posted: 3 January,all,Chicken Chow Mein,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a great movie. If you love games that are 95% cut scenes and 5% action, boy you are in for a treat. 4.2 hours and i've beaten the game twice on the 2 hardest difficulties. each play through was about 36mins of gameplay and the rest unskippable cutscenes. Visually, yes the game is amazing, if you are looking to ""play"" a game that is 100% focused on it's visuals then I can reccomend this, otherwise, watch it on youtube, save yourself the money.Graphics: 10/10Story: 8/10Gameplay: 2/10 (x+x+y+x) that is your combo for the entire game, and will not fail you.replayability: 2/10. unskippable cutscenes make replays a drag."
76561198089181518,Not Recommended,302510,29157226,Posted: 9 January,all,nato_potato01,looks great but really boring
76561198298610584,Recommended,302510,29453899,Posted: 23 January,all,dopedupcrackboi,sick game! LOVE IT
76561198174139278,Recommended,302510,29505749,Posted: 26 January,all,valamor,"I liked the game with its graphics, quick time events and combat system. Especially marching with my own men was a great experience. It was kinda short, I tasted it and it spoiled my appetite. But maybe it is best to leave it with a great taste in my mouth. 9/10."
76561198061567030,Recommended,302510,28774416,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,blackhandgang,"Took 8.2 hours to beat, will play again a great game!!!"
,Recommended,302510,28773228,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tomboeg,"I was told of this game by a friend, I've watches some footage on Youtube and instantly purchased the game.I must admit the game is not that long, racking up to a total of 7 hours playtime on the hardest difficulty.I bought it for five euros and I must say it was worth every euro. The story is amazing and the combat system is awesome and easy to get familiar with. The immersion is great and it really felt as If I was there in Rome."
76561198038975127,Recommended,302510,28844876,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PreytoMe,"This is the first game review i've ever written cause this game deserves to be praised. No matter the genre its a true gem. Gameplay, acting, story graphics etc etc etc are exceptional. I'd hesitate to give it a 10/10 cause nothings perfect so how about 9.99/10. The solo campaign is great as well as the multiplayer and gladitorial modes. The makers of the game obviously cared about the product. I'd only hesitate to recommend it to the ultra-violence squeamish folk as there are many many gruesome ways to die."
,Recommended,302510,28843200,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kino,"Got this game on sale for $5, and I absolutely got my money's worth. Within just 30 minutes I had already fallen in love with the game. First off, if you're like me and have an interest in roman history, this game will expand that interest. While not a true story, this game gives you a feel of what it was like to be a roman soldier in that time period. Secondly, the graphics are amazing. Very aesthetically pleasing.The downside to this game, however, is the very linear, very short storyline. It had only taken me a few hours to playthrough the game on normal difficulty, but I also have not tried it on a higher difficulty yet.Another thing about this game that I have yet to try is the multiplayer. I'm very interested in seeing how it goes but, being the only one of my friends that has this game, I haven't yet jumped into it.All in all, this game is great and definitely worth the $5 it costs atm."
76561198142305511,Recommended,302510,28847142,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Xgamer,a story that was stronger than most of my relationships
,Recommended,302510,29023087,Posted: 4 January,all,B-Pep,"A rather short campaign, but also good!"
76561197987151735,Recommended,302510,28949262,Posted: 2 January,all,PinkNiggah,loved it! 10/10 played it in every difficulty mode.
76561198260042141,Recommended,302510,28949912,Posted: 2 January,all,VerapAmiL,"+Awesome graphics (shaders, unit detail, water detail, everything)Easy controls (but I just wish we can override it with our own preferred keys)Cool storyline-Short campaignLack of camera adjustments (which can get really annoying sometimes)Not your typical Hack&Slash. Kinda plays between God of War and the Batman Series. Can be repetative. There's a gladiator mode which you can play after finishing the game; which includes upgrades and other equipments after battling a lot of times in the Coliseum. But fighting in the arena is different though. There's also multiplayer mode.Overall: 8/10My take: It's a good buy specially if it's on sale. :)"
,Recommended,302510,29013189,Posted: 4 January,all,maccayoung,"Yes the gameplay is repetitve, but if you think of it as a cinematic experience then you'll be rewarded.Solid writing, great graphics, and the mechanics (albiet samey) are quite fun once you get the hang of them."
,Recommended,302510,29279666,Posted: 15 January,all,noahgoa,"Hella fun game, wish there was more to the campaign but would reccomend!"
,Recommended,302510,29278058,Posted: 15 January,all,Ganon702,Excellent game and great representation of a true Centurion. You are basically in Britiania killing off the Celtic Britons lol
,Recommended,302510,29279376,Posted: 15 January,all,Livin like Larry,"The game and story are pretty fun, but all i have to say is that if you are not a fan of hack and slash games i would not buy it because the combat is riddled with it. Furthermore the development of the main character lets you connect to the sotry and overall i think that this game should have gotten at least a 7/10 but instead was reviewed at 6/10"
,Recommended,302510,29698665,Posted: 4 February,all,CjStorm30™,few camra issues but a good game
76561198240891962,Not Recommended,302510,29702919,Posted: 4 February,all,Edmund Alfred Hornington III,"6/10. Good graphics. Thats the only good thing, I dont rate 0/10 cuz I love Romans. But the controls are awful. Super repetitive. Bad camaign. Nice armor. Dont buy this game."
,Recommended,302510,29703285,Posted: 4 February,all,ShellSh0ck1212,This game has a great story aswell as great music and voice acting. Unlike others I felt that the combat system is perfect as it is. Bosses are challenging but repetitive.
,Recommended,302510,29708179,Posted: 4 February,all,JPTech,"Very fun, although very overlooked. Probably because of it's mechanics/dead multiplayer servers. But a steal for $5!!!"
,Recommended,302510,29459090,Posted: 24 January,all,Ductos,"Ryse: Son of Rome definitely lacks in the overall gameplay variety and the combat system takes time to get used to. In fact, it has more in common with rhythm games than combat ones. The ""real time strategy"" aspect is also nothing more than a system of choice, since you still have to fight by yourself.Where it shines is the presentation: Ryse looks really damn well, sounds very good and boosts some incredible voice work. Yeah, the story quickly falls apart if you're really interested in Roman history, but I found it pretty entertaining for what it was. To be fair, there aren't that many full on action games set in Roman times, so I welcome the change of scenery and time.For 20 € it's fine, but it's even better at a discount."
76561198065533471,Recommended,302510,29417966,Posted: 22 January,all,T2014geronimo,This game really suprised me as to how good it is. It's a game that you can just sit down and enjoy for a while. The combat is a bit repetitive but highly worth it due the fantastic and original storyline.
76561198060188275,Recommended,302510,29376813,Posted: 20 January,all,hulksterbeast,got this for £3.74 on sale would recommend it for around this price. The story aint to long and the graphics are amazing if you are into that 10/10
,Recommended,302510,31009884,Posted: 7 April,all,ZyphyrX,The game is quite short but this seems like the only bad thing about this game.The game is having an impressive graphics and it is hard to believe the game is released in 2014(according to Steam). The combat system is quite fun and brutal such as cutting off enemies' limbs during executions. The story is pretty decentand it made me think that the whole game's situation is being played and bet by two godsI enjoy playing this game and it kinda saddens me as I completed the game in the whole afternoon.
,Recommended,302510,29360105,Posted: 19 January,all,PaperzMask,"Repetitive & kinda simple combat? - yes, yet enjoyable & Satisfying.Small game? - Yes, But Hey big blockbuster like MGS4 Guns of the patriots is smaller than this game, so whats the big deal?Worth buying? - Hell yes,Well I've always being a big fan of Cryengine works since Crysis 1. This game is no exception, excellent visuals, characters, environment, sound effects & bit of, ummm I admit predictable but nice story can easily keep a gamer glued to chair until the end. The game is unique & fun to play.Lastly, Loved that character Marius."
,Recommended,302510,29364508,Posted: 19 January,all,Hopper,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198105320860,Recommended,302510,29484410,Posted: 25 January,all,nikola.nakit,Ovu igru sam zeleo da odigram od kako je izasala sto je sad vec jako davno. Prvi hit za xbox one. Volim tematiku starog Rima i hack and slash igre. Grafika je fantasticna prelepi predeli i ambijent antike je odlicno docaran. Prica je takodje jako dobra jednino na kraju je previse ubacuju natprirodne sile sto bih ja izbegao i ubacio realniji kraj ali i ovako moze da prodje. Gejmplej je dobar treba voditi racuna o pariranju i blokiranju na vreme i zbegavanju napada kotrljanjem. Svidja mi se kako je to uradjeno jedino bih izbegao animacije zavrsnih udaraca iako mnogo dobro izgledaju ipak oduzimaju previse vremena i posle sat vremena igre postaju naporne i odsadne za gledanje. Neprijatelji su jako lepo uradjeni nema ih previse ali su sasvim dobro i detaljno uradjeni. Zadivillo me je kako su uradjene ekspresije lica nisam nikada do sada video bolje uradjene izraze lice u nekoj igri od ove. Ne treba mgogo vremena da se igra predje sto je i bolje ne volim ni kad je igra predugacka pa te smori. Multilejer nisam probao u co op preobao sam solo i cinim mi se ok. Boris se u areni kao gladijator u nekoliko modova. Igru sam kupio za novogodisnji popust i nsam je prskupo platio samo 5 eur i mislim da vredi svaki dinar. U secanju su  mi ostale dve scene. Prva je borba na zidu protiv opsadnih tornjeva a druga scena je borba protiv glojata  ispod ogromnog drvenog coveka koji gori sa zarobljenicima u sebi. U svakom slucaju preporucujem ovu igru vredi kupiti uradjena je kvalitetno i dobro iako ima malih mana ali su dobre stvari u vecini tako da uzivajte u dobroj hack and slash akciji
,Not Recommended,302510,29301056,Posted: 16 January,all,K.ML,Performance IssuesPros:StoryGameplayGraphicsCons:PerformanceUnable to rebind keysCan't pause or skip cutscenesOther ThoughtsThe Game when you get it to work is actually fun and the gameplay mechanic will remind you of other games like the Batman Arkham series or Remember Me (if you played them that is). To be honest I wouldn't mind a sequel if it works that is...What I did to get the game to work/Perform Better(I didn't need to do the fullscreen step but not sure if others may need to)Optimal Settings for Nvidia Users (Guide) [1080p @ 60FPS]RYSE SON OF ROME STUTTER FIX100 % lag fix for ryse son of romeSpecs as of this reviewFX-9590EVGA GTX 980sc16GB ramWas Played On A SSD
,Recommended,302510,29207104,Posted: 12 January,all,Primordial Poodle,"PROS+ amazing voice acting and facial detail+ feels like a blockbuster movie sprinkled with gameplay, interesting combo+ quite a solid story+ made me feel like watching the Gladiator from 1999 with Russel Crowe again+ dem bobiesCONS- corridor level design- combat gets old quickly - 2nd part on you just mash that ""Q"" to proceed to another cutscene- end of the story loses momentum and I found myself wishing for less fodder (running a Rome city map twice)- alien technology ColiseumCONCLUSIONStill more fun than not"
76561198006409910,Recommended,302510,29699031,Posted: 4 February,all,Legion1183,"Truly a great game so happy it came to PC! This is one of a few games that I do enjoy it show cases fidelty very well I ran it on my old Laptop a MSI GE60 from circa 2013 with a 765M 2GB VRAM gpu in it I ran the game on low but could run it with over 30 fps. Highly recomend it yes it is short but you know what it is something new we have never had a game like this set in the time of the Roman Empire that allows. You to control 3rd person an individual I find the time frame it is in as interesting I figured they would have done it during the time of Augustus Ceasar I hope if they do a second game I think it would be neat to have it right after Diocletian or during the reign of Justinian I since their are only 3 games I know of that have this. Total War Attila, Total War Rome, Total War Rome II."
,Recommended,302510,29718078,Posted: 5 February,all,venkatesh,good looking game but combat is same throughout the gameplay
,Recommended,302510,30047066,Posted: 19 February,all,Cutface,"While Ryse: Son of Rome is a short game, it is just the right amount of time for this specific story, and a story that I definitely enjoyed. While some complain about the high use of QTE in the game turn someone off this game, I found that the way they went about it in Ryse is a refreshing change from how QTE is usually handled.I even had the opportunity to play the multiplayer for a couple of hours with a friend, which ended out in a few laughs and lots of awesome bloody moments.While this game might not be entirely worth it at its full price, especially if you only buy it to play the multiplayer, it is definitely worth it at a discount and I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,302510,30085682,Posted: 21 February,all,Adolf Hästgrabb,"♥♥♥♥en nice, totally worth it if you like alot of combat. BUT the combat takes up way to much of this game"
76561198310264579,Recommended,302510,30051756,Posted: 19 February,all,Royalbiceps...bets.gg,This game is really a good one. Great graphics n nice story n worth the money you pay for it....
76561198052381448,Recommended,302510,30049400,Posted: 19 February,all,TheRealCowboy,is good game
76561198038919137,Recommended,302510,30067354,Posted: 20 February,all,Doterr,10/10 Graphics7/10 Gameplay9/10 Story... Damocles part 11/10 ❤
76561197984855640,Recommended,302510,30106011,Posted: 22 February,all,Llew Sipher,Fun game.  Looks great.  Combat can get repetative but still think it's worth a pickup when it's on sale.
,Recommended,302510,30132836,Posted: 23 February,all,Shadow Team,"i'm a real fan of Crytek cuz those guys always provide good graphics.i've already got the xbox one version but 1600*900 with bad effect? come on, so I bought PC version since i got a new PC.good graphics, less bugs, good feeling of cutting people, enough for me."
76561198026002503,Not Recommended,302510,30111345,Posted: 22 February,all,Juraks,"Looks absolutely beautiful, sounds absolutely beautiful.Unique historical fiction campaign which is a nice change of pace for AAA titles.Not worth more than a five dollar sale.Multiplayer pretty much pointless.Combat becomes repetitive, using ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situations to call things more difficult.Prime example: You can throw a pilum to down enemy archers and cover your men but the enemy archers can target you faster AND their arrows practically home to you sometimes while you're waiting for the character to be accurate enough with his throw to hit the target. On harder difficulties it takes an impossible amount of time for you to kill the enemy archers and save your men from the ranged flank attack while some of the archers are firing at you.Main character looks almost nothing like his ""father,"" just saying...something simple like this being left out?Partial nudity is like...not really existant, this isn't a game for young kids either. Its bloody, you chop peoples limbs off, stab them through the throat from behind, etc. Back to the nudity, its equivalent to Jack from Mass Effect 2. Nothing really to see anyway.Plenty of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat situations as well. Enemy's can sometimes do special moves that you can either barely block or block and still take health damage. YET, you cannot perform any such moves beyond a ""Heavy"" attack. And for enemy's that somehow easily dodge an attack after having a shield smacked in their face makes fighting them ever more annoying. Especially when they can just come back with a set of attacks that lead up to one un-blockable heavy end attack. In which case your character practically refuses to respond after blocking the initial attack that when you go to roll out of the way aka dodge the super heavy end attack your character just sits there and takes it.I made it about a third or so through the campaign on the hardest difficulty before the archery problem before made it pretty impossible to proceed.Unless its $5, dont buy this it really isnt worth the money."
76561198284050545,Recommended,302510,26517532,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DnK_NightShade,"Great game, awesome graphics and insane combat. The multiplayer is increadible. This game is just amazing great work!!!!"
,Recommended,302510,30122106,Posted: 23 February,all,"D. Stitz, Esq.","Definitely not a bad game. Pretty simplistic, definitely repetitive, but still worth $20."
76561197969392989,Not Recommended,302510,30121116,Posted: 23 February,all,garfong,It's a good thing the game is easy because the gameplay is pretty bad by today's standards. I'd only recommend playing if you want to show off your graphics card.
,Recommended,302510,29861691,Posted: 11 February,all,[TWoA]HEISPRO,"""Being a Roman at Middle Age"""
76561197999773881,Recommended,302510,31267249,Posted: 20 April,all,ntnsweet210,This was really an xbox one system showcase but for that reason it has very good graphics and the story is pretty decent aswell. I enjoyed it but I would only get this on sale because it's a very short game and then it's over.
,Recommended,302510,31373721,Posted: 26 April,all,Fr3derik,"Rome !!! Will you protect her from the merciless barbarians ??? This game is much more than that. I keep playing it once every while, cos it deserve to be carried on playing. You'll be the chosen one, Marius the Centurion, to save the Roman Empire and the Emperor Nero from its faith : The Fallen!!! The game has a fantastic graphic quality and the combat sistem is quite easy  but with a lot of different combo and final executions.If you are looking for some spectacle, that's what you want to play!!! Ryse: Son of Rome will keep you entertained.PS: Everything u read in here is a personal statement, coming from my point of view and maybe not reflecting what the game itself looks like."
,Recommended,302510,31426582,Posted: 28 April,all,Dan,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a third person hack and slash game where you take the place of a roman soldier out for revenge.The game has beautiful graphics and solid mechanics. The setting which is personally my favorite part of the game is of course in Roman times. The game from Rome to England looks beautiful with at times fun level design and interesting architecture.Gameplay: The gameplay is as I said solid. Everything from the mechanics to the finnisher is spot on and satisfying. Only problem I have about it is that it's get boring and repedetive towards the end of the game. Meaning it could use some expanding. Still the game has moments where gameplay change arranging from ordering arrow strikes to having soldiers pushing forward in a testudo formation. I feel this was not utilised enough and most of it only happened once or twice.Graphics: The game looks beautiful especially the lighting and is well optimised for PC. Thinking this is a console game from 2014  it is quite impressive and you see that it was made to show off Xbox one's graphical capabillities.Animations: For me animations is important to a game especially games in third person. And I can say everything from the face animations to the executions look great.Bugs: Not found any there may be some don't knowStory: The story is a basic revenge tale and most of the characters are uninteresting and two dimentional. The protagonist Titus is boring and I never felt motivated to help him same with his soldier buddies. Only characters I enjoyed were the Emperor and his son.Multiplayer: There is some arena gamemode that looks fun, but I have no friends and nobody is playing it so yeah.Verdict: Mechanically this is a solid game to bad it could not make the combat system a little deeper and use more of the action sequences. The graphics in the game are stunning. The story is bad, but this is not a game you play for story."
76561198244298630,Recommended,302510,31426087,Posted: 28 April,all,Hippoz Rule,About as good as it is historically inaccurate.
,Recommended,302510,29797839,Posted: 9 February,all,Ija,the storyline and graphic really cool but the story is too short . maybe can make some side mission or etc . :)
,Recommended,302510,29752179,Posted: 6 February,all,echo,"Ryse: Son of Rome is a brilliant game, lets get that straight up. For the time i spent playing the campaign i thoroughly enjoyed it. Its story was different, captivating andoddlyshort. The campaign could well be completed in 8 hours and the ending is slightly different from what i expect and a bit of an anti-climax after an eventful campaign. After believing that there could be some sort of continuation in a sequel i was sorely disappointed as playing as the Roman Centurion was honestly refreshing.The combat system is fun, ingenuitive and aesthetically pleasing. However, it can be a bit confusing when facing groups of multiple enemies who seem to attack simaltaneously and bosses can be challenging for new players like myself. There were some elements that were a bit repetitive but i never got bored of the slash and stab executions.Overall, its a good game. I recommend it if you are looking for a little break from your usual games, although don't expect the world from it as it won'tfullydeliver. :)"
76561198080889334,Recommended,302510,29779544,Posted: 8 February,all,Orange Slash™,Hmm i am not too sure i have mixed feeling about this game. I would only recommend this if it is discountedOverallAn Excellent and Visually Appealing game with a Above Average Storyline yet unfortunately short. I would recommend this game only if you get it while it is discounted.Pros[+] Graphics[+] Animation[+] Storyline [Didn't Drag was continous][+] Fx[+] Music[+] Executions [Unique Aspect of this game][+] Protagonist [Feel Epic as a RPG character.]Cons[-] Campaign Length [Seriously 6.5hours is Goddamn Short ][-] Executions [Feels too much of a Yellow Or Blue later on][-] Protagonist [Feels Lackluster As a RPG Character.][-] Skill system is♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR a game of this type. The Dev's might as well as have Skipped Over This.
76561198063259164,Recommended,302510,29590260,Posted: 30 January,all,marine100,"A superb game and great fun. I got this to test my new GTX 1060 and it does the job admirably. The visuals are stunning and so far the best looking game on the PC; the facial and body detail are the most realistic I've seen... and when the goddess appears in a golden hue it is not too far from how i would imagine a goddess would appear if she were real. The combat is visceral and raw, simple and satisfying, and no it isnt street fighter level combat, but highly entertaining. Later on you enter the arena to fight as a gladiator. Reminded me of the show Spartucus. I played this in short sessions as this is the best way to play it. Great story telling. I own lot of games and I found myself playing this the most and it will be one of the few games that I will have completed in full."
,Recommended,302510,29577785,Posted: 29 January,all,Bazinga_King,honestly one of the best games i have played combat is simplistic but the story is very unique and captivating 10/10
,Recommended,302510,29446681,Posted: 23 January,all,Revan,Your♥♥♥♥♥♥gets hard after an execution :D
,Recommended,302510,29405514,Posted: 21 January,all,Slyfox,"I wish there was a ""depends"" option on the yes or no recommendation. If you want to get a massive amount of hours out of then no cant recommend it but if you just want a pretty cheap game withh a good story mode and decent although linear gamplay then hell yeah its pretty fun while it lasts. (didnt try the multiplayer)"
,Recommended,302510,31292850,Posted: 22 April,all,Ripahar,"interactive cryengine 4 benchmark, not a """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""game"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
76561198006593117,Not Recommended,302510,31295164,Posted: 22 April,all,Bazworth,Good graphics but boring repetative gameplay.A feeling of emptiness and dullness the wholeway throughout.
,Recommended,302510,31253712,Posted: 20 April,all,一式陸上攻撃機,"Story is solid, but short. At this rate, I can complete the game in 8 hours flat. Battle mechanic looks really awesome but actually is really simple and after the first 20 kills gets repetitive. The battle system is exactly like the PSP port of Assassin's Creed. Graphics is a 10, even in my potato-laptop."
76561197974323709,Recommended,302510,31264905,Posted: 20 April,all,HellFront,"I LOVED IT!!!! What a sensational, beautiful game!Some may not agree with me but i loved the storyline.. yes i can understand it isn't perfect (character development isn't all that great and some confusing bits) but the emotions they put in the characters especialy the main character is insane. It gave me goosebumps.-The hack and slash animations were pretty great and fun to master.-The storyline somewhat confusing at times but really good.-Singleplayer around 5-6 hours. (TO SHORT I WANT MORE!!)"
,Recommended,302510,31260044,Posted: 20 April,all,deathnam,"Short game, but awesome story and solid mechanics. 8/10"
76561198363400523,Recommended,302510,29716499,Posted: 5 February,all,Raymond_KBD,"It's a very good game, the stories and the controls were perfect. It is a very good choice for those people who love the history of Rome. Besides, the graph and physics were also great. And all those points make this game a terrific game. So I recommend this game with all my heart."
,Recommended,302510,31338217,Posted: 24 April,all,Number #8,"Fun Roman role play game, the story is a bit short it could of been longer which would of made the game much better. The muiltplayer is well done I give this game a strong. 7.5/10"
76561198036061187,Recommended,302510,32357108,Posted: 11 June,all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"YES, yes, the modern era keeps us from being Roman, but don't despair! You can bleed for Rome once again! This game is amazing, but it sort of lacks in keeping you interested. Do I hear a Ryse 2 in my future? I sure as hell hope so!This game has great visual effects, ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS SCENERY, blood, more blood, dead Picts, and some great fighting. The story though is short, like Cpt. short shorts, short. However, my favorite part of this game is the Arenas, earning XP, weapons, and armor. There is lots of arenas you can fight in as well. The fun factor though is playing with friends because honestly after maybe like 5 full playthroughs, I move on to something else, unless I'm hooked on killing more barbarians. I would have to say this game is like an aquired taste, it's what you make of it. I would suggest as well to buy this game on sale. 7/10"
,Recommended,302510,32370650,Posted: 12 June,all,Ghost,the game play is cool.. story is ok .. dsnt tempt me to replay this game.. i wld suggest u get this on a sale.. a good guilty pleasure game
,Recommended,302510,24832296,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ausura,"An incredible short campaign like most people have pointed out, but its a really fun ride. I'm kind of ashamed to admit that I did not figure out how to do executions like halfway through the game. Get it on sale and its worth every penny, Don't pay full price."
76561198283483927,Recommended,302510,31121765,Posted: 13 April,all,shikibrunestud,"Amazing.Relatively short story arc but totally worth the price, not to mention the astonishing graphics and intense battle scenes."
,Recommended,302510,31112873,Posted: 13 April,all,Flavvy,"Ryse: Son of Rome[insert Gladiator joke here]Pros:Absolutely gorgeous graphics and animations;Fantastic voice acting performances make up for a rather bland story;Combat is brutal and exhilarating once you get used to it;Great soundtrack fits the mood perfectly;Some fun multiplayer modes;Decent price for what it is.Neutral:Not much gameplay variation.Cons:Story has potential but feels poorly executed, filled with clichés and cringeworthy dialog;Character motivations aren't credible or just non-existent;The main campaign is quite short at roughly 9 hours to complete;Boss battles feel underwhelming and repetitive;Progression through level is on rails;MP campaigns take ages to load when soloing for some reason."
76561198083196780,Recommended,302510,31132660,Posted: 14 April,all,WyZyPy,!00% osem.MRGA-make rome great again.maximus would be proud of this game.
,Recommended,302510,31135756,Posted: 14 April,all,Pianoprince,"Very fun game to just sit down and relax to. Beautiful graphics, and a compelling combat system."
,Recommended,302510,31145599,Posted: 14 April,all,Nickel,"Fantastic. This game is visually stunning and it's obvious that the developers put a ton of time into making the combat feel almost movie-like with the executions turning into someing like cutscenes. So if you enjoy the story telling element then you'll be impressed by, yes, the story, but also the fighting.However, that said, the game falls too much into the trope of having your boss fights turn into grind fests. Take the example of the final boss fight (no spoilers) where when you get the boss down to low health they have a brief cutscene and you have to repeat the whole fight again albiet with health refilled on both sides. What's the point? Why not just make the boss have greater health and only have one fight, not two seperate ones. It's too often that the game's main bosses miraculously heal in the middle of a fight after some cutscene and no matter how good you are at fighting you end with the same result: cheapshots from the villian to get your health down to the same level as the boss and the boss running away until you can finally deal that killing blow.But overall this game is fantastic. Don't let the overused trope of invincible bosses stop you from playing and enjoying the story and beautiful fights with their own mini-cut scenes."
,Recommended,302510,24973295,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,chin9_ie & Freelya,THE GOOD+ Incredible visual fidelity+ Repetitive combat rhythms are sometimes satisfying+ Exemplary actingTHE BAD- Repetitive combat rhythms are usually brainless- Lack of freedom is exasperating- The violence is so commonplace it becomes boringSCORE:6/10 Not Bad
,Recommended,302510,29709870,Posted: 4 February,all,nibriddan,"I put this on the hardest difficulty (Hard) available to first time players, the top difficulty (Very hard) is locked out until you play the campaign once. I also noticed really early that its not possible to customise keyboard controls, only cycle through 3 different presets. Its not possible at all to change controller controls. I find it hard to recommend this game, I cant recommend it at full price. It goes on sale for 75% off regularly and that's when you should pick it up if you really want it.The story is quiet good I think, the story is the best part of this game followed closely by world design and detail. During my playthrough I experienced a literal ton of stuttering, after leaving Rome. I changed all settings and still wasn't able to fix it, it was on low and still stuttered. 50-45 all the time. There was one setting I wasn't able to change every, the texture detail. The option was always greyed out and stuck at very high.For anyone curious about my specs;Intel i7 260016gb ddr3 ramrx 480 (latest drivers)Also, i watched a bit of system telemetry and noticed that it wasn't maxing out the cpu or gpu."
,Recommended,302510,26505872,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kahpecüce,"“I was thinking of very old times, when the Romans first came here, nineteen hundred years ago—the other day. . . . Light came out of this river since—you say Knights? Yes; but it is like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker—may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling! But darkness was here yesterday. Imagine the feelings of a commander of a fine—what d’ye call ’em?—trireme in the Mediterranean, ordered suddenly to the north; run overland across the Gauls in a hurry; put in charge of one of these craft the legionaries—a wonderful lot of handy men they must have been, too—used to build, apparently by the hundred, in a month or two, if we may believe what we read. Imagine him here—the very end of the world, a sea the colour of lead, a sky the colour of smoke, a kind of ship about as rigid as a concertina—and going up this river with stores, or orders, or what you like. Sand–banks, marshes, forests, savages,—precious little to eat fit for a civilized man, nothing but Thames water to drink. No Falernian wine here, no going ashore. Here and there a military camp lost in a wilderness, like a needle in a bundle of hay—cold, fog, tempests, disease, exile, and death—death skulking in the air, in the water, in the bush. They must have been dying like flies here. Oh, yes—he did it. Did it very well, too, no doubt, and without thinking much about it either, except afterwards to brag of what he had gone through in his time, perhaps. They were men enough to face the darkness. And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by and by, if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate. Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga—perhaps too much dice, you know—coming out here in the train of some prefect, or tax–gatherer, or trader even, to mend his fortunes. Land in a swamp, march through the woods, and in some inland post feel the savagery, the utter savagery, had closed round him—all that mysterious life of the wilderness that stirs in the forest, in the jungles, in the hearts of wild men. There’s no initiation either into such mysteries. He has to live in the midst of the incomprehensible, which is also detestable. And it has a fascination, too, that goes to work upon him. The fascination of the abomination—you know, imagine the growing regrets, the longing to escape, the powerless disgust, the surrender, the hate.”- J. Conrad - Heart of Darkness"
76561198324929919,Recommended,302510,31161484,Posted: 15 April,all,Ricky From Sunnyvale,I recommend this game if you like medivial style games. but if you're playing for a story that last long don't purchase this game my hours played are the full story mode in a day but all in all it's not really optimized that great for pc- 50/50 from me
76561198107051608,Not Recommended,302510,31220828,Posted: 18 April,all,eray180,ı wait this game for a long time and really like to play but when the game continue. ı saw that it is design for console.its really hard to make some specific movements with a keyboard.if you'r a console player ı really recommend this game otherwise please buy another game instead of this one.
76561197992646587,Recommended,302510,30273861,Posted: 1 March,all,Asst. Director Skinner,"Ryse: son of Rome is one of the few games I have played that really kept me playing until exhaustion forced me to stop.  It is undoubtedly a tour de force  with gorgeous colours and a story line that Jerry bruckhemier wouldnt dare turn down.From the guys who made far cry and crisis, it has the graphics department down pat.  Some have panned the game for being buggy but...  I'll finish this review later."
,Recommended,302510,30290027,Posted: 2 March,all,TheWizard_,"A  straight forward story with beautiful graphic and simple game playing, it doesn't need too much skills to advance but it's diffenitly a good time."
76561198056312605,Recommended,302510,30292310,Posted: 3 March,all,Messingo,Roman Kratos except the world didn't end.
76561198009311692,Not Recommended,302510,30281495,Posted: 2 March,all,Rodders,"It's hard to say Yes or No to recommending this game.Deadpool is a good comparison. Simple. Fight, Boss. Fight, Boss. Fight, Boss. No thinking involed.The fighting is pushing buttons at the right time, like an arcade game.I remember a game called Spartan: Total Warrior. The storyline was good, it had you enaged. Different types of missions. It was engaging. It came out on the PS2, play that instead of this.The only thing this has going for it is good graphics and being a Roman. Oh and the last boss fight was challenging, but a poor ending. Not worth the money at full price, wait for the sales.It's a game to play whilst waiting for your wishlist to come out."
,Recommended,302510,30284628,Posted: 2 March,all,CunningAlien,"pros: Interesting story, great graphics, memorable charecters, multiplayer.  Cons: A little repetitive, Short, Not that much diverse combat. I think the pros out weigh the cons."
76561198181202831,Not Recommended,302510,30284912,Posted: 2 March,all,The Adder,"I am tempted to recomend this purely because the graphics and executions are spectacular, probably the best as far as MMORGS go, but the combat is incredibly repetitive, too many QTEs which I had no idea how to get past (had to look at walkthroughs) and the story is mostly trash. This game had great potential but is only really worth one playthrough which is alreeady getting tiresome by the end. The multiplayer isn't worth anything either as you just do the same boring stuff again with assistance this time."
,Recommended,302510,30334460,Posted: 5 March,all,Epicurfew,"This game is so good, filled with action, great graphics and responsive combat. Love it! Also just perfect length ~7h for me."
76561198031608684,Recommended,302510,30325703,Posted: 4 March,all,Wolf_Ind.,"Before I go anywhere, let me add that I'd recommend you wait for it to be on sale. I picked it up during a Steam Sale on heavy discount, and if I paid more than $5 for it I'd be disappointed.Combat is fun and difficulty ramps at a decent pace though it definitely plateaus about halfway through the campign (that cool kill combo you did on the bridge at the very start? hope you liked it, you're gonna see it 600 more times by the end of the game).The single player campaign is interesting, story is interesting and is at least keeping me playing through. There appears to be some other game mode but I haven't partaken and probably won't.The graphics are pretty good...with the exception of extreme framerate hitching every couple seconds. I'm running a Phenom II X6 2.4ghz and 8GB of RAM with a GTX 970, which looks like it just barely clears the recommended specs. I run a solid 60fps on Titanfall 2 but in some sections this game got nearly unplayable and I ended up mashing mouse buttons until it rubberbanded several seconds of combat into the present.There were bugs in a couple spots I noticed (in the underground cave section, the incoming arrow thing got stuck on; enemies who were supposed to run away at one point all started hitching on the ground where they stood).So, as a summary, a decent, pretty-looking game. Campaign thus far has been fun, and it's got enough going for it that I can just tolerate its shortcomings."
,Recommended,302510,30324577,Posted: 4 March,all,pfefferberg,For the senate and people of rome!
76561198006593801,Recommended,302510,30327078,Posted: 4 March,all,370H55V,I have an extra copy.Was a fun game.https://www.humblebundle.com/gift?key=UEcG5GaRANyEdCTV
76561198180670294,Recommended,302510,31062990,Posted: 10 April,all,AS02 eteretnoi,"this is the excited with the amazing graphics and battle people a snapshot of how i say multiplayer i can say that you don't miss a game like this there are a few sections that all of them, the arena is going in there, you can improve your own character by cutting down on the enemy, whatever it be armor or a sword is upgrade completely up to you my friend this game is when you should get a discount"
,Recommended,302510,33150599,Posted: 2 July,all,Octavarium,"A great single player experience with effective narrative and an interesting story. The combat mechanics do start to become a chore after a while, but the game has several fantastic set pieces that make the journey worthwhile."
,Recommended,302510,33106459,Posted: 1 July,all,samitheberber,"Seems that I did play the story through within 6 hours at the easiest difficulty and did enjoy it. Already worth of the money I paid at the summer sale. Haven't played the multiplayer yet, didn't find any match when tried to go in as solo."
,Recommended,302510,33106732,Posted: 1 July,all,FatSackofCR4P,"Got it for $5 on sale recently.Good:+ Gameplay is fun, it's like being able to play a Spartan from Zack Snyders 300 movie.+ Graphics are very very good.+ Atmosphere and immersion is excellent.+ Story is interesting and the main character is likable.Not so good:- Repetitive gameplay.- Short story.- Feels cliched and unoriginal at times.Overall:Fantastic game, worth picking up on sale and playing through it if you're feeling like playing a simple hack-and-slash."
76561198039939102,Recommended,302510,23259023,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,gav THE killa,Ryse is a beautiful quickie that will leave you wanting to watch 300 or become a Spartan. Worth it imo.
76561198081018591,Recommended,302510,33090151,Posted: 1 July,all,Versace',nice game but game play all the same thing
76561197982030850,Recommended,302510,33071355,Posted: 30 June,all,Dominus Rektem,"Best Daily Deal Ever. Okay yeah i only played the first lil bit, but Dayum. If first impressions are worth any thing  this game is worth the full price if you miss the sale. I love Roman lore, genre and Gladitors are amazing warrior types. This game does it justice."
76561198097173722,Recommended,302510,33084306,Posted: 1 July,all,ifoolb,"I almost want to give this a negative review. The scripts and graphics are good, but the combat system is awful, hateful is what it is. The control feels clunky, and sometimes, clueless, such as when fighting the minotaur chef, I have no idea what key to press until I searched on google. I never got mad even killed by Darkeater midir dozens of times when playing Dark Souls 3, but this game made me smash my head with my Xbox controller. But still, for someone like me who want 30% role playing and 70% action this is better than dragon ages, Tyranny the like."
76561198161298911,Recommended,302510,33172376,Posted: 3 July,all,Nostra,Good graphics and interesting game stories. However kinda short in single-player mode. Recommend  only when its's on sales.
,Recommended,302510,33645352,Posted: 18 July,all,Merdok,"I really enjoyed this game for the story and the action combat.Pros:It's challenging without being too frustrating,checkpoints are automatically aquired and are frequent enough that I never felt I had to redo parts.Length - I like a shorter game with high quality, and Ryse delivered for me here at about 6 hours to complete the main story - there was more to do but that was fine for me.  If you need a 40+ hour game in your life...this is not it.Graphic are amazing, I can't believe this game is 3 years old.Feel of the fighting is pretty good, the hits feel good.  It's not a perfect system, but it's provided me with a lot of fun.Sound and music are very nice.A+ voice acting.Cons:Fighting can be a bit repetitive, there are enemies with the same patterns used often.Very much an ""on a track"" linear game with little exception.  This was fine for me since I was playing for the story but if you need an open world or a sandbox, this is not it.Had 1 crash.  Restarted the game right back where I was at.  Also had 1 glitch (fight at riverside) that didn't continue and I had to restart from the last checkpoint which was just before it in order to go.  VERY minor issue but I want to include them since this may affect some users.Overall - solid 8/10 game.  Recommended for the story and action combat along with some truly amazing voice acting."
76561198123775399,Recommended,302510,33633138,Posted: 18 July,all,Senarist,"Good Game, you will have fun"
,Recommended,302510,33622130,Posted: 17 July,all,HipaHipa,"This game bring me to the roman era, the graphic is very good the story is mediocre and the combat is not as amazing as the graphic only few battle move and few enemy variety."
,Recommended,302510,33658787,Posted: 19 July,all,JuicyBeans,"I bought this game a long while back but only recently got into playing it. I have absolutely loved it. From the combat mechanics to the story in campaign and even the ""multiplayer"". I quote that because you can play it solo or co-op. Once I finished the story I hopped into the ""Gladiator"" tab.If you like ""For Honor"" you'd probably enjoy playing the ""Gladiator"" part of this game.The only things I found annoying were sometimes the camera gets in a weird angle and it's hard to see what you're doing and in the story if you die and start back at the last checkpoint you can't skip the cut-scene."
76561198357412936,Not Recommended,302510,33665914,Posted: 19 July,all,Handy,Fun for only few hours of play.  Not worth $20.00 get it on sale only.
,Recommended,302510,33700464,Posted: 21 July,all,PouriaXcc,good story!!!nice graphic :)multiplayer =♥♥♥♥♥♥:|
,Recommended,302510,33610248,Posted: 17 July,all,Idan,"Defending the empire for a few bucks, and it has multiplayer if you wanna play some more after the campaign is over...Worth it."
76561198118440535,Recommended,302510,33661098,Posted: 19 July,all,tigs.asdf,!
,Not Recommended,302510,33719905,Posted: 22 July,all,Damuel,"Do you like endless unskippable cutscenes with an uninteresting story and mediocre Arkham combat?The combat is actually not TERRIBLE thanks to the solid graphics and animation, but holy ♥♥♥♥ the story is so boring, and the game is so short that they force you to watch it otherwise people would complain about game length. It has some potential but it's just kind of trash in the end."
,Recommended,302510,33721448,Posted: 22 July,all,kosmikza,"Nice distraction, lots of qt events and bit repetitive but a good go. 7/10"
76561198073156808,Recommended,302510,33732446,Posted: 22 July,all,nay5,"I've always loved Ancient Rome, history, and video games. This is a great combination. Not a long game, but really fun to play. Combat can get a little repetitive but not if you play with a little style. Excellent story."
76561198045475263,Recommended,302510,33899804,Posted: 30 July,all,steve,"I really enjoyed this game. You're very much lead through the story and the only challenge is the fighting.A small issue I have with it is the enemies you fight. There's only a handful of different characters so you end up fight 3 guys who look identical, then go off and fight a few more of them.It's not a challenging game and quite short but it's a lot of fun to play and a nice change of pace to all the others in my library. I picked it up at some silly discount price and am pleased I did. I'd be a bit disappointed if I'd paid full price for it, but I'd recommend it as a game."
,Recommended,302510,33893426,Posted: 29 July,all,HIGHGRND,Cons-Hard to run at 60fps-Impossible to find online oponentsPros-Beautiful graphics-Somewhat good story-BrutalVerdictBUY ON SALE ONLY.
,Recommended,302510,33903151,Posted: 30 July,all,TheCommunist.,"The game is fun, looks nice and has a decent story, combat is satisfying enough to keep you wanting to improve. Wouldn't pay full price, but if you get it during a sale it is a pretty decent experience."
76561197995196273,Recommended,302510,33863981,Posted: 28 July,all,j.lmcmaster,"Betrayed by a idea.Forced into a land that cannot be tamed.Forced to kill those that you once followed.Become vengeance, become hate, become wrath.If you want a hack and slashed with blood, guts, beheading etc then this is your game.Good story line and good controls.Graphically very good.Have fun."
76561197972915932,Not Recommended,302510,33887586,Posted: 29 July,all,Andy,"Steering of the character is aweful. And to pick up something you have to be standing at the exact place - by the pixel. Very annoying during combat.The game is also completely linear. Although the world seems open, you cannot venture from your path at all.The story is not entertaining, if you can call it a story. There are no memorable characters. And you are just a soldier doing soldier stuff. Fighting barbarians.Boring. Bad steering. Linear. Bought it during summer sale, still felt like I spent too much."
,Recommended,302510,24020359,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,123,Good
,Recommended,302510,33868142,Posted: 28 July,all,Aleks,The greeks have God of War and the Romans have Ryse: Son of Rome.Playstation and Sony have Kratos while Xbox and Microsoft have Marius.Its neat for when you wanna turn your brain off and just slash some baddies.
76561198002674594,Recommended,302510,33908978,Posted: 30 July,all,FatRabbit,"It's a shorter game, and, in a world filling up with sandbox style games, refreshingly linear. The graphics are great and the combat is super satisfying. Ryse: Son of Rome favors action and a lightning pace over realism and historical accuracy, and it works really well. Boasting great actors and a story that dips into the pantheon of the gods without becoming burdensome, Ryse: Son of Rome is a hack and slash game for the ages."
,Recommended,302510,33910567,Posted: 30 July,all,Callero,"Beautiful environment and gameplay, looking forward to finishing it."
,Recommended,302510,33921518,Posted: 30 July,all,pompom,Gg
76561197994586734,Recommended,302510,33998152,Posted: 3 August,all,nephriticus,"Beautiful visuals highlight the 6-8 hours of gameplay in this 3 button brawler. After muscle memory kicks in you feel like a BOSS when fighting (which you do a lot of).  Pro: Interesting story, fantastic visuals. Con: Fighting can get a bit repetitive."
76561198068531426,Recommended,302510,33991951,Posted: 3 August,all,Τσολιάς,"story is good, the combat is ok but the multiplayer is dead (you can play solo (which is a little bit impossible (not much)) and/or with friends though)"
76561197965838077,Not Recommended,302510,34072843,Posted: 6 August,all,PFCwasted,"One of the worst camera systems I've played with.  Don't even get me started on its targeting system (sometimes it works...).    I also learned that, depending on your graphics settings,  the QTE indicators just won't show up half the time.  It's fixable, but how is that even a problem, in a game relying so much on this mechanic?  If you feel like pulling your hair out, by all means, get this.  You masochist."
76561198199310866,Recommended,302510,34106261,Posted: 8 August,all,MasterGunner0_1,Good story wish it was longer.
76561198107353645,Recommended,302510,34095113,Posted: 7 August,all,protégé TRADEIT.GG,very good game highly recommend combat is very easy tho
76561198354118838,Recommended,302510,34097469,Posted: 8 August,all,El Chapo,isaa good
,Recommended,302510,22233899,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,JaySee,Decent game especially when it's on sale for $5. It unfortunately does get repetitive quite quickly though.
,Recommended,302510,33887194,Posted: 29 July,all,PaleRick,"Great game but it seems a bit badly optimized and is also quite short, had a lot of fun with it either way so I'm giving it a thumbs up because it's well deserved!"
,Recommended,302510,33964084,Posted: 1 August,all,Gnaeus Iuventius Iustus,It's a good game. If you absolutely love ancient Rome you'll love this. It's definitely an arcade type game.
76561198353260631,Not Recommended,302510,33983568,Posted: 2 August,all,poodnud,"It's alright for what it's trying to be, but what it's trying to be uses a very simple format. Overall, pretty mediocre, strong 5 to light 6"
76561198058485174,Recommended,302510,34142973,Posted: 10 August,all,Champis Gubben,Amazing story! Multiplayer sucks though.Singleplayer game 8/10
76561198141085718,Recommended,302510,34177117,Posted: 11 August,all,Umesh,Amazing story.Great graphics.Loved it.
,Recommended,302510,34165815,Posted: 11 August,all,Mango,"Great game, but single player could be way longer. It took me about 6hrs."
,Recommended,302510,34203501,Posted: 12 August,all,Ragnarøkkr,"Amazing set pieces and some of the best graphics i've ever seen in a game. A truly epic feel. Combat was definitely repetitive and shallow, but for the $10 i spent on the game... i can't complain. Played the game at 1080p and it was gorgeous, i can't image how amazing it must look in 4K. I usually hate QTE bosses but that final sequence was sick!"
76561198066327572,Not Recommended,302510,21824485,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,UpliftYeti,A stupid and buggy QTE fest.
,Recommended,302510,34216446,Posted: 13 August,all,E44Man,"Very fun game as well as forgiving for those who aren't very good a quick time events.  It took me a little getting used to and I was concerned that it would ruin the game for me, but I eventually was able to ""master"" combat system.  While I still made (many) mistakes, the game would simply not reward me rather than punish me which kept the gameplay from being overly frustrating.I loved the story as well and it kept me playing nearly non-stop until I completed the game.  Also, the game looks beautiful the whole way through."
76561198033033887,Recommended,302510,34155957,Posted: 10 August,all,AKNART,Very nice game with intense battle fights and good story !
,Recommended,302510,33038461,Posted: 30 June,all,Ultimate Donkey Rhubarb,"Ryse? RYSE? RYSE!If the game is cheap, as it was when I bought it, then it's probably worth the minimal hours that you will get out of it.The story is rather cliché and unfortunately would not be out of place if it was the plot to some overproduced, run-of-the-mill Hollywood blockbuster that would be forgotten six months after release. The enjoyable parts of the game are arguably the parts where you fight and witness the detailed execution scenes, but it's QTE galore. The gameplay is repetitive, but the short story helps stop it from feeling too repetitive.At the end of the day, if you're looking for a historical/mythical game that features fun (but repetitve) gameplay, a cliché storyline and some rather impressive graphics, it's worth your time, not that it will take up a lot of it."
76561198334759464,Recommended,302510,34956647,Posted: 14 September,all,prezba29,I enjoyed it! Surprised there wasn't a DL . Incredible graphics. I almost bought an Xbox when this game was released was surprised and happy as hell when it was released for PC. Recommend it.
76561198301895270,Recommended,302510,30843953,Posted: 30 March,all,-= Assistman =-,I really liked the storymode although being pretty brief.This game had great potentials.If it would have had some online coop missions it could have easily become one of my favorite games.Too bad the online play is pointless.
76561198255269539,Recommended,302510,35133497,Posted: 22 September,all,THExLEGENDx51,Did you like the movie 300? Then youll love this game! No but really it has a great feel to it. The combat is a little bit repetitive but its still fun and great story and pretty intense. If you like roman era stuff then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,302510,35062805,Posted: 19 September,all,Marius Titus,Even Today (2017) The Graphics Look Amazing!
76561198025187093,Recommended,302510,35039521,Posted: 17 September,all,gypsygib,"Fun game, amazing graphics and I enjoyed the simple action story. Kind of like playing 300, won't make you question the meaning of existence but entertains well enough and better than many other games. Combat is very repetative but on the hardest difficulty presents a decent challenge annd combined with the gratuity, makes it enjoyable enough. Great game if bought fairly cheap."
76561198393825451,Recommended,302510,35210894,Posted: 25 September,all,livrodorri,Want to feel what was like to be part of the Roman Empire? That´s your game.Pros:* Beautiful graphics. It has aged really well* Nice story (although it is all plain fiction)* Great soundtracks* You really do get that Roman Empire vibeCons:* Way too short (around 7h long) and linear* Combat is somewhat repetititve and boring after a while
,Recommended,302510,35210641,Posted: 25 September,all,ZeeCleaner,What a Awesome game. Enjoyed every bit of it. Fully supported my xbox one controller with no snags. Highly recomend support for the DIV`s on this game
,Recommended,302510,26438915,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nicolò,"nice gameplay, but the campaign has some performance issue."
76561198061913807,Recommended,302510,30762022,Posted: 26 March,all,Katroller,Zerado. Nice Game.
76561198153301677,Recommended,302510,30097339,Posted: 22 February,all,Kukalaku,"Great game, great graphics, great action/gameplay, great storyline.I just recommend playing it!"
,Recommended,302510,34377640,Posted: 20 August,all,GIALLO,"If you are looking for a time killer this is for you. Graphics are INSANE, story is great but the combat is dull and repetative. I would only recommend this when on sale, noth worth the full price. I beat the game in 7 hours on the hardest difficulty and never really ran into trouble on boss levels due to the very predictable combat. but the story and music made up for it. But again, do not expect too much."
76561197978585819,Recommended,302510,34413904,Posted: 22 August,all,Britannic,"Ryse - Son of Rome is an excellent game. It looks amazing, is superbly acted with great sound design. Everything about this game is AAA with a Hollywood blockbuster Scale.Its story is one of the best I’ve played in a game in some time. Driving you naturally towards each set piece. From barbarian hordes invading Rome, to Britannia and back to Rome via the colosseum arena. A story of Gods and Mortal man’s revenge and betrayal.Game play will be instantly familiar to those who have played the likes of Batman Origins or Shadow of Mordor, throwing in just enough of its own magic to set it apart. The game is extremely violent and bloody, befitting the time period. Sword and shield strokes feel like they have real weight in no small part thanks to the sound and art design. The Crytek engine looks fantastic at 2x super sampling. Would love to see this at 4KBut it does have its problems and those are based around the front end. The most glaring of these is the inability to rebind keyboard and mouse. The various set ups might suite your needs but it’s inexcusable when the rest of the game is built with such polish and attention to detail.Overall Ryse though is a game that deserves a follow up. Hopefully Microsoft and Crytek can sort out their differences with regards to who owns what."
,Recommended,302510,34495649,Posted: 25 August,all,peanuts4brains,neato
,Recommended,302510,34516668,Posted: 26 August,all,Imago Storm,"Nice GPU benchmark, no plot."
76561198150332269,Recommended,302510,34557344,Posted: 28 August,all,TheBlackEagle-YT,Freaking awesome game. No sidemissions or other crap. Just an awesome story with great gameplay and sick killing animations. 20/10!
,Recommended,302510,34528740,Posted: 27 August,all,Ominous,Really fun and good game. Looks amazing and the fighting is really smooth. The story is really good and it's a shame that it is so short.
76561198017905357,Recommended,302510,34744428,Posted: 4 September,all,Sareth,"Very nice game. Outstanding graphics, interesting - if linear - story, engaging gameplay ...Only real downside to this is the length: it's very short a campaign."
76561198004818315,Recommended,302510,34261224,Posted: 15 August,all,StanisLove,"I've just bit the game. Well, what can I say?1. The graphic is good, BUT the optimizations for PC is bad2. The gameplay is nice and brootal BUT it's highly repetitive3. The story develops rather quickly BUT it's just not intrestingit's not a bad game, you can get it on sale or something (as I did my self) BUT the whole game feels like a very long midcore hollywood movie about gladiators...All in all it's a good product I can't give it a thumb down, so it's a thumb up..."
76561198030800972,Recommended,302510,34208363,Posted: 13 August,all,FallenAngel89,"When I first played this game, I didn't like it and didn't really give it a try. But this time around I do enjoy the story enough to keep playing but the melee combat is horrible. check out my review and extended gameplay video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbJD58M65LM&t=68s"
76561197974148252,Recommended,302510,34850739,Posted: 9 September,all,IShakeBabiesLikeSaltDispensers,"This game is such an amazing hack and slash.  Some reviews mention the combat to be repetitive, but I thoroughly enjoy every execution and killing blow. It never gets old to me. I purchased it this past summer, and it feels like it was released a few months ago rather than 4+ years ago. Great game, and I do highly recommend it if you're a fan of Assassin's Creed-esque combat minus any stealth aspect. It's a fast game, but it's the perfect pace for the length of the story line."
,Recommended,302510,34853527,Posted: 9 September,all,Vrakos Anthrakir,"Got it for the graphics/visuals and some simple hack and slash, wasn't disappointed.  Good to pick up on sale."
76561198317211353,Recommended,302510,34853694,Posted: 9 September,all,bonobo3103,It s a pretty game...The contents is a bit limited but i still enjoy the game....
,Recommended,302510,24819632,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Take A Bow,"I honestly don't understand why there's criticism of this game, I loved it. It's a alternate history version of Rome (Commodus was the son of Marcus Aurelius not Nero) but the aspects of the game and the scenery isn't far fetched to the actual ways of Rome. It's a hack and slash game, but offers a good storyline into the life of a Roman soldier fighting against the barbarians of Germania and Gallia. It's a game that's all about timing and strategy. For me I'm hoping they are/will make more games like this, at least ones centered on Rome, there's too many futuristic games out now, hardly any first person/third person games on Rome (most are stragety games). Definitely worth getting in my opinion.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhOumbEW9Qkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxq5rJe22mg"
,Recommended,302510,34883273,Posted: 11 September,all,-ScouTzaMaR-,"Great Graphics and stories! but need improvement on performance stability, because still stuttering when the quality is normal/medium, even though my pc still smooth on high setting, but the stuttering when rotate the camera is annoying. Hope fixed later."
,Recommended,302510,35086362,Posted: 20 September,all,boxi.,"I recommend to buy this game on sale if you're an fan of Roman Empire, gladiators as much as I am. The only cons of this game are: it's quite short (finished it in like 10 hours.), combat is repetitive, online is pretty much dead (Played only once on the arena, but had to wait for like 40 minutes for someone to join me.). Yep that's it and for the pros: Good visuals, dramatic storyline, strong characters, interesting chapters, even more interesting and amazing cutscenes, skills Tree (could be done better, but eh.). For being that short, I don't consider this game to be worth 20 euro. My 2 cents. :)"
76561197986747299,Recommended,302510,35289878,Posted: 29 September,all,Pork Chop Express,Brutel and pretty.
76561198094608959,Recommended,302510,35313591,Posted: 29 September,all,[TME] Blarglewargle,"This game is visually beautiful, brutally fun, not-so-occasionally repetitive and emotionally very shallow.The ending sequence was very cool, the story of vengeance was cool if somewhat unexciting, the combat is challenging on higher difficulties, and the graphics are truly lovely.The enemy unit models are repetitive, the level designs are very linear, the missions are essentially just going from fight scene to fight scene and the characters are pretty shallow.Final verdict, I give 7/10. It's worth a try; fun and occasionally pretty epic, but nothing jaw-dropping or revolutionary."
76561198330464294,Recommended,302510,35334256,Posted: 30 September,all,JD1zzle,Good immersive and enjoyable campaign if a little on the short side.A decent addition to your collection given the price
,Recommended,302510,29665796,Posted: 3 February,all,TheFancyRoman,"I have waited years for a game like this in Ancient Rome. I was not dissapointed.Ryse: The Son of Rome has great storyline, great graphics and great... well everything, expect the combat. The combat gets a repetetive every now and then but the story will keep you going forward and if yoü get bored with the single player, there is always a multiplayer mode. Nobody asked for a multiplayer and just the fact that it exists at all is a good touch."
,Recommended,302510,35360555,Posted: 30 September,all,Dark Slayer,Beautiful and brutal
,Recommended,302510,35377693,Posted: 1 October,all,ヘルバウンドどの,"Being a fan of all things ancient Roman I wasFairly suprised with my purchase and wasnt expecting much with this game, It reminds me of the God of War franchise, I've played this game until my hands literally hurt lol"
76561198116653425,Not Recommended,302510,35477061,Posted: 4 October,all,HUNGRY!!!,Fail gameplay so boring3/10
76561197970219022,Recommended,302510,35490936,Posted: 5 October,all,MrPlowjoy,"Thoroughly enjoyable, almost cinematic in its qualities. Recommended!"
76561198100412031,Not Recommended,302510,35505594,Posted: 5 October,all,Phoenux,"For a AAA game that was supposed to be the next best thing at release... It's a hunk of crap. Buggiest game I've probably ever played. The story isn't very entertaining and the combat is repetitive and rather boring. Constant crashing.But as far as Pros go, it is rather beautiful to look at."
76561198082888397,Recommended,302510,35501679,Posted: 5 October,all,Hellgrind,"Holy Balls this game was amazing!Even though Ryse was incredibly railed, it was still just absolutely great. It begins in-medias-res with the roman emperor scurrying through his palace, and with you right on his tail. From this point, the story slowly unfolds on why you are there, why the emperor is running and why Rome is under attack from barbarian hordes. From here, you jump from setpiece to setpiece, from the embrace of Rome to the dreary hole that is Brittain. The enviroments and vistas are beautiful and immersive, and so are many of the charachters you encounter along the way. The only thing I would like to add here is more vareity when it comes to the faces and appearances of the barbarian foes you encounter.Combat is challenging and will keep you on your toes throughout the entire game, pitting you against different foes with different abilities. It also forces you to alternate between your different attack modes in order to actually defeat your opponent. Just button mashing will only result in the opponent anticipating your moves and simply step out of the way. The kill moves are always as nasty but just as entertaining every time you pull them off, and the combat itself gives the game great re-play value.All in all: 7 kill moves out of 10 possible. Ryse will definately keep you occupied for a day or two :)"
,Recommended,302510,35497177,Posted: 5 October,all,lost skillz,Cool Game ! Nice Graphics . very short game .worth 141 rupeess
